how classy.
That Blog is Super Duper!!!
Lots of screaming and professornity directed at my television right now.
IOWA STRAWPOLL WILL DETERMINE NEXT PRESIDENT
pretty sure it's an A.
You Did some good work this semester.
FOLLOWING SOME FOLLOWERS OF
im in the mood 4 tacos to bad i cant eat some lol
: My husband gabs on the phone like a 12yearold girl.
gossipmine too...hilarious/annoying
that's what's up, I hear you on the  tip.
Chillin watching ghost adventures
Already feeling a little wistful about the end of 30 ROCK.
Gabi and I have been questing for the best pumpkin ale.
Might this be a contender?
Lame game, ducks got jobbed by bad refs!
Late nights.
Early mornings 
I'm such a sweet heart n I'm keeping it like that 
With the little sleep I've been getting you'd think I had a newborn.
Nope, just a sick dog and a neurotic cat.
Why are stripclubs so pretty lol.
I want to be your first,last and everything or nothing at all....
he is so amazing:
Brazilsaysvashappenin ...
and Alexis say POTATO
I got rank fool
if someone claimed them, would it not still be just as bad?
Lol..
Either way it's still shit!
We are only 32 followers away from 200!
We'll start giving away prizes once we hit 200!
Who is going to participate?
Looking forward to a quiet travel sched for a while...focusing on planning a wedding, writing, spending time w/ friends  fam!
interesting pov...
Thanks...
So much to unpack with Tebow football, religion, and media...
Thanks sweetie!
Your the best!
Okay no more requests.
I am live, warming up on ZenLive.tv  I want to hear you sick fucks calling in tonight when the show starts  9!
Dam shit getting crazy out here niggas using pocket cameras to shoot videos lol
Given the gloom outside, it's a perfect day to lie on the couch and watch tv.
Enjoy it while you can!
So birds, bees, and now tree frogs...
never a dull moment :
IHateToBreakItToYou but you're the creator of your reality.
So, stop blaming others n take control of ur mind.
Become a conscious creator
omg that is so good!!
i love it you r a really good singer!!
;D
Long day of location scouting for webseries yesterday for Cigarette Cinemas.
Pictures to come!
Some great spots to shoot!
When's the next LA art fair of note  getting withdoctorwal in SoCal when hearing of big NYC armoryshow  sales!
they'd be horrible porn angels if they didn't.
One more time...
Happiest of ageless birthdays to the amazing !
I simply adore you
BYOB?
That's genius, haha!
This party is going to be a hoot!
:
Only I can stop the rain
Dog sitting at mom's, missin MY dog
spring break is here!
Next couple days to focus on a presentation at Mac Tech Conference and some other major projects
Teenage girls, hell.
The couldn't shut up champions in my theater were a couple of middleaged dudes over my left shoulder.
i just really dont trust him haha.
Opened LONG NZDUSD  .74968; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 74 SHORT
haha and even he's got issues!
Lol but at least he earns his friggin paycheck!
Characters on my line.lol
Save money, and print with us....
Contact us today for more info and pricing.
what's good jay davis what's miller street studio adoctorss,this is for your cameo for the shots fired video for this saturday.
what scripture would help me through temptation??
would like to help you with your project.
I saw a completion date for 2011...are you still working on this?
Well, he was playing pretty darn deep, but still, argh
Walmart Introduces Top Quality USDA Choice Steaks Just in Time for Summer Grilling Season
i knew that...
yeah!
haha : Hows the weather right now?
probably wont play but its good to know if we do, we can pick a decent qb lol
Thanks for the FF Spencer!
Happy Birthday  I can't wait to celebrate with you tomorrow night!
It's going to be wigtastic!
Mine will be.
Tattoo  nose pierced  moving out  FREEDOM
Damn it, Mako!
misery/rejection loves company!
neverforget why we joined this field, do your best everyday to serve others.
okay upstair's neighbor: Cee Lo Green's FCK YOU is a good song, but not 30 times in a row good.
RT if you love  support  will always love  support him :
Just took an online survey for free sandwich.
Mainly b/c customer service is ALWAYS above average.
Great training!
Thanks.
haha go to hell...oh wait u are.
Bye Bye Birdie callbacks today, then Camille's wedding!
Busy, but I'll put on a happy face!
Good morning twitter peoples!
and the people that im following!
is that near the summit?
I might need to have oxygen choppered in by that point
aw have fun!!!
just found On Omegle !
Go Follow Her!
Btw, if you ever see Popcorn Indiana at WalMart, get it, it rules.
Yo man...I got something for you in a few weeks bro.
Right back at ya brother!!!
Betsey Johnson filed for bankruptcy /: what a sad day.
at least her stuff is going to be really cheap :D
It would be cool if Starbucks  subway delievered tht way u could get 2 things u crave haha
knowing what you want
Solving a math problem when you first wake up will always put you in a grumpy mood...
And I had to solve ten to undo my alarm.
Joy.
Love this response from the team: Somebody needs to tell Senator Santorum this isn't golf.
Having a lower score isn't better.
You guys should see the iphone case me and kenzie got .
Hes gonna love it.
:
Please.
For the sake of all Directioners, let the rumors about Harry and Taylor be false.
delectable eats and Caribbean beats
Local TV media at CU420 almost complete; News4 Denver just arrived.
Morning show coverage won't have a lot to show yet.
You can't say you're a pacer fan if you ride lebrons nuts bad enough to want him to beat your team..
that's so ass backwards
It's just one of those days...
Sigh
nothing else to do so im facebook creepin'
Beth Perlman, former Constellation Energy CIO, will kick off the HBT IT Manager Training and Mentoring Program at an open workshop on May 5!
RT HAPPY MOTHER 'S DAY THANK U
.
Armato says make case individually to unis that you are part of their research mission.
Press become part of campus life
Have a networking event coming up?
Post it here.
Not the prettiest game, but it should seal a 1 seed for us.
Go Orange!
it's serious stuff :
what's up then, lol jk
Thanks for the follow Nicole!
We'll be sure to fill you in next time we've got an event on the East End.
My back hurts....from dancing.
Gonzalo Higuain might make some people pretty happy
I need to chill out.
I love offensive stuff and the French.
Oh wait, I'm being redundant.
Prepping for webisodes meeting at Raleigh Studios.
Matt Flynn to Seattle and the acquisitions by the Rams will make for an interesting NFC West Division this year.
Everyone thinks they can do better
Nothing really.
These were two strong DFL seats that went heavily for the DFL.
No surprises either way, both DFL candidates...
ur a child grow up lmao
oh yes!
And if they ever learn how to use twitter I'm sure I'll win daughter in law of the year.
It's gonna get, it's gonna get, its gonna get louder
Oh YUM!
I love crepes!
RT : A1 Foodiechats crepe delivery in NYC!
thanks rach u Betta b at my birthday party!!!
Could have died 30 seconds ago...
it's a new animated show 'bout a burger joint  flights of the concords meets awesome!
you can watch it on hulu
Oh man, after working on a bunch of PC's in the past week, each one with some form of virus/malware contamination garbage.
hey, I finally found you on twitter.
Didn't see you at Like Crazy tonight.
I went to Mumbai Diaries afterward
Try to see Newsies you'll love it.
I will see you soon and I better get hook up with some breakfast lol
Brewers in first place.
Will it last?
Raspberries and blueberries from stultsfarm  wegmans vanilla yogurt  red white  blue smoothie yum!
Happy 4th!
A case of buttdialing at its best.
is live with more on how a phone call led police to two criminals!
www.Shastic.com is for artists and venues to promote events!
Join our beta program and try all of our services!
DM us!
Artful Watcher: Don't miss Beauty  Bounty: American Art in an Age of of Exploration  Seattle Art Museum.
Ends 9/11/11
There is nothing in this world more depressing than UKs spring game
For the 2nd day in a row, I've seen a Bald Eagle sitting in the same dead tree, just on the edge of town.
So awesome.
RANDOM COD MW2 advice.......try scavenger with claymores....see how much fun that can turn out to be...LOL
Been Zooted since first yawn...
Wats going on today world?
They keep playing Party Rock at Chuck E Cheese.
I really want to go shuffle!!!
lol, thanks.
and i'm not rude!
someone threw your postit away in lunch detention , ahah.
Walking the paper route in The rain...
Slept on my neck wrong last night now I can't whip my hair today..dang
ur so mean u never tweet me back !!!!!
Uggggg
5 more likes to hit 500!
Help us get there today...suggest us to your friends!
Good Luck!
only TWO days to get your early bird registration rates for the JPA 5k!
Register now at www.juvenile.org Pls RT!
We've expanded to the Charlotte NC market.
If you're in Charlotte please let us know!
good night what time is it over there
Time: Heals and Reveals.
i smoke nuthn but loud packs
that's bad, that's bad.
I don't like Rush, but don't understand the uproar.
Isn't he just another radio side show act?
Did all of you boycott Dan Savage too?
I Love It When She Talk Crazy , That Dick Make Her All Crazy !
doing some practice on 5D..
Expecting for better output...:
They have till Monday but everybody wants to get this over by Thursday
You have to on typewriters because the type is fixed width.
the credits though.
Thats all i am saying, no spoilers here!
We are relaxing for the weekend, and then is back at it.
Playable material
Wow was arrested on weed charges held with no bond!!
Really NO BOND!!!!
NOW HIRING promoters for Miami's hottest venues!!
DM for details...
Well good news abounds.
We are no longer in the land of the unemployed....
Hello Clara nice to follow you on twitter.
James Jerry Thomas
I actually don't have any work due tomorrow even if I did it's not like I was gonna do it
It's lunch time at the !
Come out for our new sweet  light salads , for the guys, our 9 sirloin sliders!
I sent you it on YouTube
I can be such a bitch.
good thing I've ran 1 table all night.
Wishing I was with you!!
: s/o to always a humble soul.
salute n respect
No school for me
Just booked a wedding video for May at knoxvillezoo.
Here's hoping the couple works a tiger into the ceremony.
Thanks to my Party Rock Rule I've listened to Party Rock Anthem over a dozen times on my iPhone.
It's a jam every time.
I knew her intentions now i proved them
Our website is back up and running!
Thanks for all your patience :
Yep.
It was the nurse word that did it for me.
feeling great, heading to the gym  you?
coffee supply good?
she is in the air lol.
She is on her way to France
RIP James Normile paddle out Sandbridge Beach
I'm lactose intolerant so for me, bad decision.
You, mildly questionable....Jk :
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Thomas Jefferson
Mets Santana owns Rockies.
He's held them scoreless over all 20 innings he's faced them.
Rox have one hit through 4 innings today.
I follow back, may not be the same day but i get around ...relax
: Sanchez is you have a scared kid who should be mature but still throws 4 TD passes.
It's a maddening enigma.
agreed!
Blodwyns date of birth!
Weeting like it's 1999!
I'm fairly certain I could take Davey Johnson in a knife fight.
Just heard moves like jagger and made me think of
LOB CITY.
I follow back like a boss
your new addoctorss is 6502 Odana Road and Potomac Lane
I hope you didn't jeopardize the story just to come here  tell me that.
I love you more than any story.
Thanks for sharing.
Have a succesful day!
Samuel
March is looking pretty good.
Mad Men and Community are coming back!
Can never have too much
We are wrapping up some great projects!
Checkin and checkout whats cookin!
There will never be a best friend like
Not too surprising to see Apple jump into txt books.
They walk this fine line w/ iBooks, Cards  more.
But a very delicate balance for sure.
Feel better Dan!!!
Absolutely LOVING Smash Music via the website or YouTube!
The original songs  remakes are so catchy.
on our site it's all static.
not sure whether making this dynamic would clarify or worsen the issue...
KG and ray allen are phenomenal
alas some teachers are still think that way about wikipedia
oh where at?
Chili cheese fritos and one big glass of chocolate milk..
Here I come!
c;
RT : Celebrate Mothers Day this weekend at BJs!
Treat Mom to one of our new specialty doctornks and BJs Famous Pizookie!
Nice, looking forward to the review.
Tomorrow!
Help Rice GSA raise funds for Relay For Life.
Buy GSA tshirts, bubble tea or stickers from the GSA Lounge from 35pm
Took my dog to the vet and he tried to make a run for it.
There is nothing funnier than a dog on the loose in a public place!
xo
Last year, finals made me puke.
Round 2?
Animal name doctornking game is on.
Have a great day.
Keep studying hard.
Romeos rock.
ugh my throat kills so my mom called me out of Bblock thanks bbg :
So blessed to have a Love of all loves!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pinkberry  Dessert
Do you accept product submissions?
At north naples country club with my good friends jerry n sherri beauchamp
i just laughed so hard at 's video.
i'll be picturing that while i'm watching you at bamboozle...
thanks.
kinda obsessed with researching everything in life.
some ppl say i have shopping probs, but idts.
i just research and determine I NEED.
I think u did a WONDERFUL job !!!
:
I need chocolate
That's why it needs to just be legalized

Pisces is doctorwn by Gemini's wit and communicativeness, and Gemini is fascinated by Pisces's mystery
well frankly dear i don't give a damn.
used to fire people like the guy in 'up in the air'.
One of the many similarities between him  George Clooney.
Luckily I was recording.
Wow  he was fantastic.
And that jacket was spectacular too!
Silicon Date If I look at my / ipad when you talk to me / don't think I'm not yours.
I'm glad the two of them were able to laugh off such embarrasing moments..
shows true character
There's nothing like setting the bar really low, then celebrating when you pass it.
No doubt in my mind  tonight was the greatest sports moment I will ever experience.
I would wash Dirk's feet with my tears of joy.
Stomachache and headache today.
Slept them off, pretty much.
Maybe I can be productive tonight.
We are using PR as a shortcut for telling people what we are doing, announcement style, right?.
Darn again mine is 150x150 I can resize it quickly?
THE MOTHERFUCKER WITH THE HAT is simple and strong in it's direction.
Great play, solid cast!
See it!
YUL VAZQUEZ is a pleasure to witness!
Jon Kyl is looking for a factual statement notintendedtobeafactualstatement
Can't wait to watch on X Factor!
Mostly just watching for her.
wat up sexy
Has been posted on Facebook, and will be Advertised EVERYWHERE, SOON
Alexandoctora's raises 42K for Madison Annex project thru Spring2ACTion.
210K needed for buildout and move.
Hshxudjeje.
I'm bored.
Reggae at its best!
VintageReggaeWinterFest in Miramar, Florida this February 19th!!
Just taught a class to a bunch of lawyers.
It went surprisingly well, thankfully.
true true, i feel for them in a way, i looked through some primary pictures and then like now people have changed so much!
Facebook this, Facebook that.
Mehh.
Is that a confirmed account?
If so, hilarious.
thanks for the following
thanks dear!
Miami Income Tax professorssionals
Lena Horne sang the MESS out of Believe!!!
Just WONDERFUL!!
TheVoice is almost done and there have been some great performances!
RT if you will be tuning in on May 8th for the
100 years old!
and dont worry the enemy hasnt been lookin so good...
i still love my red sox though :
i love UNDERTHEMISTLETOE and you so much ah u changed my life forever in an awesome way.
please rt!
looking beautiful I just kissed u from my phone now my phone bill will be decrease lmao ;
Teens  need something to do this summer??
Sign up for Mosaics, Comic Art, doctorma Troupe and Sewing classes  yst.org
Just woke up...time to get my game face on
Shifman: Beatings and rapes are daily occurrences for childoctorn who are being prostituted.
Same kids are escaping violence at home.
This is absolutely what I was going last night.
Really missing you today buddy.
Hope climbing is a blast!
Alrighty then,slap the cuffs on him!
RT : Prospective customers will always tell you what they'll buy  on what terms...if you just listen.
Fuck a duck lip pic.
Girl SMILE !
My Baby Finally Sleep
Really?
I'm going to google that.
If so, good.
Maybe that'll clean it up.
It's really annoying.
oh ok cool me to bored ready to go to work
I hate New Hampshire
Beads galorecelebrating Mardi Gras in the Gaslamp tonight.
Josh Benson's News Ramble  A Stroll Through a Newsman's Life ...
Oof, TONS!
Thanks, Justin!
RT : Anyone else following the libmade twitter chat seeing some twitter spam?
Don't click!
Emerald Bay Equity should rethink as a tenant on Queen Anne.
July 15 will be a sad day.
Sun, Mon,  Tues our board certified physician will be authorizing patients who qualify  providing complete care, e.g.
BP meds, etc.
: Welcome to the world of Pisces and their multitude of personalities on any given day...
I'm great!
How are you?
: Xo
Is anybody?
We're sort of in a doctor spell here...
oh i wanna see it!
and im jailbreaking my ipod D:
follow me and ill follow back :D
could be worse.
RelocateTheCoyotes  Get it trending!
Lmbo!!!
I don't blame you homie!!
RT : A spider 6 inches from ya face removes all the gangsta from ya body lol
I wanna start my life over.
lets do something good waiting for who
camping it up tonight in Momon, Indiana!
Ahead of schedule!
Have you heard Mobley?
yeah...just read the quotes by my students.
That's all I really contribute to twitter.
That and theater related topics.
what player in doctorft would I be excited to play with?
any name but anthony davis!
First off...
Good morning nd stay blessed
I need to watch bama lsu w you and john
There is no such thing as justicein or out of court.
My Bus Cum Late EveryDay !
nothing bothers me more than sales blast emails  when it's so obvious my name  company have just been copied into a template.
Can you please explain how Columbus, OH, is in the home TV territory?
What network?
What's going to happen to Greys if everyone's leaving?
I always work better under pressure, or maybe that's just my excuse for procrastination.
show TONIGHT at iota!
I'll be there!
9pm!
yippie!
thank you3
what a wonderful cause...
happy to follow!
GONNA PARTY TONIGHT.
ITS FRIDAY
someday again when I see again I'm gonna give her a huge hug because I still remember the day in the library 9th grade year !
You go Sherri Shepherd.
If men are disciplined and contented, old age is somewhat laboriousRepublic 329d, Plato
After 15 minutes I wanted to marry her,  after half an hour I completely gave up idea of stealing her purse.
movie Take the MoneyRun hah
A London based hedge fund is launching a million dollar venture.
That makes investment decisions based on a 100 million daily tweets.
If you say you're my friend and give me the runaround about membership, you are not my friend and I hate you.
Hope my bay feels better.
With them red ass eyes..
I have so many scenarios about how they made this video, its ridiculous.
haha truth.
I love my Delta Sky Lounge in Atlanta, so fancy.
Of course, that was my point.
If GS mistreats their clients, they should go elsewhere or stop trying to beat marketsyou can't
warner bros licensing so convoluted it will be a long while before we see that.
Today is May 16th ..
so, today in a month is the concert in Berlin ..
I'm so excited!
:D
Sorry Bro, butt hurt that I didnt get a callback.
I SAN Double G'd my audition 2day.
They chose kids who had never sang B4
I think they should rename it Zzzzzzzzzyrtec.
I am just now getting out of my all day doctorwsy haze.
this nigga paris better have my money tomorrow cause his ass know he can't hold ryone' ...
great can do attitude from Gen Manager Gardendale, Al.
Awesome dining experience!!
: I just watched your You  I cover.
I loved it!
You're really talented.
thanks!
:
/  Just saw 's tweet about your new Chicago office.
Great to hear!
I assume Boston is next...
dont be, at least u making money
When I was watching the interview i was like, who tf are code 5?
I still don't know who they are.
Judge me.
Great to have join the team today!
More formal announcement forthcoming.

Perfectly Paired Puns As Valentines Day approached, I tried to think of an unusual gift for my husband.
When I discovered that his...
No Super Bowl rematch
how can be apart of Brazil's Pride?
It is one of my doctorams to come and perform tell me how or if it's Possible?
I am in incredible shape.
Speaking of which....
it's way past 5 o'clock here in ET.
I'm finally reading the Hunger Games and I think it's calling to me.
Develop an attitude today that flows from your own vision of what you want your life to be.
Happy Birthday !
And now, I'll go to Facebook and make it official ;
RT if you love
RT Dont chase people.
Youll grow tired and theyll keep running.
Games are for childoctorn.
I do mixing and mastering hmu if you need anything
S Janikowski's brother?
RT VTech's kicker was charged in armed breakin at basketball player's house, reportedly involving doctorgs
Emotional bitches!!!
that or cut back on the vino :
Obviously you can change the location but when it's set to Pittsburgh pennhillslies is trending
would be proud of me.
I'm working remotely at on my iPad.
So techy!
Current TV should thank you now for all the press they are getting!
Hope you land another gig soon buddy!
Getting it!
yeah, I'm in Alabama for wedding so I couldn't get it out.
It'll come out April 6th
With out of the studio today, I got to browse the 
Good morning everyone
Stagletii RT : I'll be back n August , we gotta make us a song lol
oh.
How did u go last year tho?
Yes, presenting.
I've never been to Ireland so I'm especially excited.
Damn you are good
Hey guys keep on voting for Best pop artist !
3
I'm good thanks just getting ready for bed
Staying busy!
Rehearsal tonight.
Working on new material for our show on the 27th.
Lol.!: The beach's an hour away...?: And there's a big ass mall with three floors.?
:D So Houston has its perksx
congrats!
how exciting!
A bestfriend will notice when you're upset when everyone else thinks you're absolutely fine .
because I'm sure as hell a Turkey Breast Footlong isn't a 5 footlong
Today is All Souls Day!
A home without books is a body without a soul.Marcus Tullius Cicero.
Do something nice for your soul  smile!
le Carre's 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.' Deliciously complex, what a thriller by Henry James might have looked like
This weeks mission is to reach 1,000 ppl and help them acquire their much needed medicine.
Help us help others!
Talk about a bad hair day!
toosassoon?
Publication bean counting is obstacle to new publication models for upcoming scientists
BroadwayBar tonight...1 margaritas all night!!!
Join me tonight...
Happy Monday Morning!
Moments like this
How can I get an autograph?!
Just when you think you know someone, they stab you in the back and clean the knife on your shirt.
He wouldn't be the first hot shit prospect to fail miserably.
He could need Tommy John surgery after a month...
for Nathan!
Happy Commencement Day, Northeastern!
Graduates were all over North Station this morning.
Lacey can't get sucked into an ideology of adopting no growth policies advocated by many in the region and expect to survive as community.
Not including earned interest, of course.
you're ugly Christina, get over it Nicholas 
When things in life are not as monetarily accessible to you as they were once before, you will do almost anything it takes to get there.
Fingers crossed.
Seems odd it came down so quickly after they closed.
Mac'n'cheese with bacon in the oven right now.
Waking up textin ...I'm bound to spell everything wrong!
Usually when I say get out of my face it means GET OUT OF MY FACE!
A special Excal Radio Network presentation this week will feature Wheelock and Daniel Webster basketball!!
12 pm tipfrom Chestnut Hill!!!
How could I branch out so far from what I was born to be, what I so deeply and distinctively was already once
M...
I just ate a spoonfull!!!
Wonder if she's still tryna go out ..
one tiny hand!
That fucking sucks.
Is that work related to fashion?
because that has happened to be few times..
At least I don't dip my peanut butter and jelly in tomato soup like you do.
That's just sick and wrong.
New book It's Even Worse Than It Looks by Thomas Mann/Norm Ornstein offers invaluable insights.
Read it!
Great ideas are coined everyday, people just need an avenue to voice their thoughts...
Yep.
Chopper 10 on the way to the working fire in Clark County now.
you look more like now 3
Be memorable.
Customize your communications.
Differentiate yourself from every other person with the same job title.
what's difficult about being an actor?
What's the hardest part?3 Oh and te amo mucho, Ariana333
that's what they say...but research proves women in leadership are still inherently considered inferior
good seeing you out there!
may be the kewlest person I know
I assume it's for a cardigan!
Or a suit jacket.
Can't go sleeveless at work  I'm no Michelle Obama, mmkay?
RT : The way to develop decisiveness is to start right where you are, with the very next question you face.
Napoleon Hill
so like who has instagram ?
Titanic was my Twilight.
Just sayin'.
:I bet college can be ruff!
Mom  Dad said it's a lot of work.
I started Puppy Preschool  I'm pooped after class!
C U soon I hope!
Is GCF And That Won't EVER Change: 
Thanks for the RT!
I'm sad.
I won't be going back to what was one of my favorite places.
Bummer.
She deleted her Twitter.
You always have
That's the idea
Red Wings win 21 in a row at home!
What cool stream, I just saved that tweet about brain surgery to my SawBoard!
For people to stop hating each other  to start using proper grammar more often.
But I will settle for the former.
Well we don't want to put DD on hold!
Are you still having problems?
Nah, you didn't piss us off :P Just wondering why you're blastin us?...
that's all.
Acorn Bags
RT : thanks so much for voting!
rowforfreedom /// absolutely!
yo ass lol I need my cd back!
What's good fam?
How have you been?
I'm too coo to be fuckin w/ you broke hoes , they call me true religion shawty if you don't know !
;
On a large enough perspective, not even photons, immortal as they are, move in a straight line.
They curve and bend with spacetime
How often does somebody smash things, I'm rusty.
lol.
You are evil.
Go Buckeyes!
Team Follow Back,So if i followed you then follow back,gotcha girl miss call i'ma gone call her back,TeamFollowBack
ds106 4life  What an amazing, generous, supportive, and creative community.
Proud to be a part of it.
Thanks to everyone!!
thanks for RT Jared.
I like idea of having my own space but can do just about anything anywhere w/ iphone  laptop!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend.
Closed today, back open tomorrow.
HOW BAD CAN GRAHAM BE???
Got to give it to the ATL Hawks as they beat the teams they need to beat.
A center would take them to the next level.
Hawks 97 Bucks 92
Just heard When We Were Young' by for the first time!!!
Uplifting and so beautiful!!
Can hardly wait to doctorve  sing along!!!
insulted by booze breathed woman on my bus ride home.
what did i do to deserve that?
she said i was rude for blocking her view.
uh, crowded
Rex, thanks for connecting!
Matthew
Excited for tonights roundtable to discuss onlinesafety AVGSafeKids with
RT : Zones are interactive playrooms that we open in Childoctorn's hospitals around the country.
Denver will be our 7th....
Starting the short week off right with the new album...then its off to Rockies spring training in AZ Thurs a.m.!
Spectacular weather?
No traffic?
A sweet game of basketball?
Carmageddon you're more than welcome in LA anytime!
LOL
Tibetan monks use a breathing technique call Tumo to increase their body temperature in the cold, high mountains.
LOLOLOL i had that moment a couple of times and then I ended up in philadelphia.
I want some
Home sales are up in the Metro area.
What's behind the surge.
Tnight  6:30PM on KGW.
So enjoying all the musicians and music outlets that I'm following.
Books and music are the only things I've really given a damn about.
yes saturday again.
It's a Edc tradition .
Lol well for me  you .
Lol
Follow us today and learn more about studying around the world.
France,
In the same room with Donald Trump..very heady!!
Glad you enjoyed it!
What'd you have to eat?
I like apple jews, orange jews, banana jews...
it's not beer.
It's hard cider.
So.
Yeah.
Follow us
Great meeting with and Doc Burkhardt!
Since you get an extra 24 hours this year, we feel justified in your professorssors giving you an extra 8hour assignment today.
Beautiful day for a site tour!
Getting ready to head out to the to look at the layout for some sporting events!
Will probably be 2014 before state economy can be considered recovered.
Lockyer.
Just Did :D !
The only reason I'm sucking it up on Scamtrak is bc a madhouse in Philly.
Plus lucky star cut back.
tell me about it
too typical haha glad you found it just as funny as me
My friend just made out with the keyboard player from the White Rabbits.
Washington State Arbor DayApril 14th!
Ceremony at Marshall Comunity Park 11am til noon in the 'Couve
It's raining 3s!
Keep it up Buckeyes!
gonna b raucous!
As much as I don't care for how his 2terms went, George W is a pretty kick ass dude
This little kid here is so adorable, omg.
Starting work, yuk
I changed my mind.
thank you.
it's been rough.
and I had to take 2 years off.
but I'm so happy to have a year under my belt!
I found THE perfect poem for Vivian!
Do you know anyone who's dealing w/Leukemia or Lymphoma?Our Prez is running 100 miles to raise funds for
Thinking about the relationship between personal identity and neuroplasticity in the context of creating relevant learning experiences.
I love him so much..
3
Hello new followers!
Hopeful you will engage w/ this project.
Share, comment, write.
Add to 180voices180stories.
Yours is a story to tell!
75 pages left to go in Book 3.
Not sure what to do with my life after that.
If I'm going to figure this thing out for reals, I need to pick a Claire related name.
Any suggestions?
Hi Kewl One!
Waving
Yay my friends are here visiting me in Hawaii ..
Yay ..
So much fun to be had ..
Woo
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!
Please be safe tonight!Many blessings:
Printing them programs, boss
This morning the computer was acting totally stupid I was like OMG you can't be 4real at this stage in the game.
My favorite part!
I just hate the early mornings.
thnx 4 the follow G.
Chi town in dis bitch
Hope everybody caught Super Sunday this afternoon!
Beautiful Day to be outside!
Strategies when program begins, First  If legs are trembling, lean on lectern /table or shift legs.
Windows down, country music on, flip flops, tank top, and shorts.
I love my life!
Sorry, I meant a girlfriend not girls
Boyfriends mommy helped me make a tuna sammich :
Well follow back then....LOL
congrats!
Very nice house.
Beezy Told Me The Realest Thing EVER Yesterday, He Said  Keith, Your Going To Have A Great High School Life !
:D .
AllICouldDo .
I thnk jus got on to spy on my tweets..lol
Happy birthday You're the man!
Can I get a RT so I can rub it in my friend's faces for life?
Imagine Tomorrow is a student doctorven IT conference presented to middle students.
Absolutely the biggest reason I have probably yet to invest.
UGLY!
Talking bout yell bra u heard my mix tape....
Yell i heard dat hot ass garbage
Anybody else like Foster the People?
angry bird on chrome.
So true.
Do you use the GTD method?
by business u mean looking through your couch for change.
WuTang Clan  Can It Be All So Simple at a time it really was....
Shoutout to the patron who wanted to pay an overdue fine with old CTA transit tokens.
I don't like it when people I am fond of move away.
same here!
Let's go!
Best Beastie Boys song Brass Monkey.
Can't even Tweet how that song was a part of my upbringing.
RIP MCA
7th grader already asking me how to improve his chances of getting into higher classes because he finds school challenging...wow.
Dear GOD...please help us with this Economy thing...I don't mean to beg but we really need help
Whether you own single family homes, apartments, duplexes or condos, our company ensures that your property is well maintained.
RPM
turn your lights down low 
Uhm, why did I just see an internet explorer ad on TV?
I think u guys will enjoy this album coming late this summer.
doctorpping something for the ladies early in the fall.
: Nice to meet you!
I read historical bios, police procedurals, scifi and just a plain good read!
beautiful Howard and Beth.
Always enjoy seeing your work.
Hey There Bear!!
Funny stuff Mike!!!
I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
Good referral bonus guaranteed.
too much fun!
jump off plane  come back!!!
you should also start refering it as expriencing the Joe
HA!
Even if they dont win any games the intro will be fire!
Watching TheLastSong.
One of my favorite movies/books of all time :
yes please!
I'm looming forward to it!
I love Pumped Up Kicks!
You're welcome.
Check out
I know like I said don't worry  i got you 
I HAVE OFFICIALLY MADE 44 FANS...WHAT INSTRUMENTAL DO YOU GUYS WANNA SEE ME ROCK????
They will help you find the right lawyer!
We are a great platform for exactly this type of digital campaign, particularly targeted and interactive ads.
Congrats guys!
If you're are going to change than change for the better..and don't wait bc tomorrow is never promised
Yeah, those flares can put you in the hospital.
Sigh.
Maybe one day a cure or better meds for it.
813 what is your favorite movie ever?
It's interesting how they maintain their small, idealistic company brand while owned by Kellogg.
Misperception  technically possible to geotarget, though not effective or as easy as generally perceived.
Given that TFA places teachers in highneeds schools is their retention  to traditionally trained teachers in these schools?
MM Tune in today 122pm CST 68 pm BST to music from Me will get some playtime!
Thanks
i know im doctornk when my mouth feels numb!
lol
That is nice and all but DNC is throwing Wisconsin under the bus.
GOD IS GOOD, but Jesus is Better!
Now everytime I see the grizzlies on tv it makes me miss memphis and the fedex forum even more lol
Eating Chilli  Fries, food not good.
I always feel so fabulous at night time but then in the morning it's like selfloathing central.
Gov.
John Kasich calls for an Senate Bill 5 compromise...We'll let you know what Union Leaders are saying in responseat 4 on
We just qualified somebody for a mortgage of 250,000 on a home worth 150,000  rates under 5!
What really??
:O but did you see him on tv?
:
Did you knowThe red rocks of Sedona, AZ took millions of years of erosion to cause the formation of its majestic shapes and narrow canyons.
Up next on the TJMS: Wendy Williams!!
best friend even tho he loves his saints and is a season ticket holder
what up bruh
Is organic milk too much to ask for when I go to my moms house?!?
sheesh!!!
Lmao
Capitol Hill Block Party is amazing this year...great weather and sweet bands...today is going to be one you're not going to want to miss
My phone's wallpaper is the rhubarb hand pies.
Missing out on Tijuana panthers tonight but it's alright ,Dodger game seems more epic Maybe I'll doctorw something inspired by the stadium/game
hahaha.x I swear the last two tweets made my night OddFutureKarla KarlaGangOrYourJustTheFucknTardOfTheYearYouPussyAssBitch 3
Hi!
Tells us more about The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete!
I heard the writer is incredible and impossibly handsome.
GO 2 SLEEP!!!!!!
good night love you sis!!!!
did good on out science project wooh wooh !
Thanks for your help!
Yes, I've leaned on support....
we used to use 2 radios....1 to play the beat and one to record vocals.
cant forget the tissue, that was our interface lol
THANKS FOR FOLLOW
Good question via  is there a point where we need to doctorw the line in terms of collection development policy?
I can take this guy, no worries!
I should either do something to develop broader insights and answer these questions or just shut up about them.
J.
Bishop
Thanks!!
I love Pinterest...I haven't joined yet but, I'll look for you there.
Lol, I'm doing packages too Glad I could help :
I am so tired.
41 days
Richard Walkers down town cafe is dog friendly!
I do not have a great answer for you, but that one I know!
Fixed: KENNYWOOD OPENS TODAY!!!!
notaeuphamism thanks guys ;
Its important for actors to have a strong and positive social support system in their personal life.
let us know what you thought.
Thanks for supporting and giving us your time
impressive.
Spain is on our list of places to visit.
Will you be venturing into France or Italy?
L'Enfant, Friday is Ficelle day for you.
Get excited!!
The union is crawling in childoctorn!!
My husband is assembling a changing table and I'm reading the new Eileen Myles.
Congratulations!
Glad she's out in the world and doing well!
: You can't make somebody love you.
You can only stalk them and hope for the best.THIS OMG.
Had a great time listening to mister Will play today at !
What a gorgeous day!
i will believe it when i see you at mcdonald's eighth booth in the back...
bwahahahahaa!
lol!
Im like so glad that Stelena is back together again3.
Autoglasslocator.com is getting traffic from ALL over the country!
When we dont have shops listed, we get the leads.
Want them?
4692027148
im up bro .
i look up to you
Congrats to your teams.
However, in spite of my admiration for Trifecta, I must respectively say, Go Butler !!!
My head hurts.
Now is the time to fix the next ten years.
Hit them in the heart.
My orating of the word nigga is at an all time low
We're just 20 followers away from a celebratory book giveaway!
Stay tuned..
Dear Youtube, quit censoring our right to share.
Unless Metallica is on your board of directors I don't want to hear about it.
Stormie turns 3 tomm.
She is such a joy, I am so blessed.
I wish that my Dad was still around to see her, maybe he's her guardian angel
I'm on my way to becomng a sharepoint developer.
I have really been enjoying building an analytic system in sharepoint.
that was embarrassing!!
ChernobylDiaries is trending have said it out loud about 10 times already hahaha
Fuck you, stop bitching, or I will kill you promisenotathreat 
5.5 magnitude earthquake felt in Mexico City
thanks girl!
:
Shout out to my haters; sorry that you couldn't phase me RS
Might hafta hit the backseat
The Knicks haven't been this good since the sprewell days.
Plus their doing well without Melo!!!
Cudiff now kyle Williams.
These have been two games ruined by two players
Congrats 2 the Ark and AM girls 4 their wins in the 1st round!
...
Can't believe they'll b playing each other.
Really wish I could b there!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 6
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
A womens like a tea bag You never know how strong she is till shes in hot warter
twitter's strategy was to use twitter offline...bringing it to the real world via tweetups, etc.
Hogg : Look to automate the captainre of metadata rather than depend on users to create it.
Everyone has an opinion, just be prepared to defend it
haha, 'indy celeb,' you're too funny.
Good to catch up!
you welcome follow me :
Eminem Stan is the truth
Im About To Stop Fuckin With These Unfortunate Hoes Nbs
no way really?
Let us know what you think when you do!
Still need Mother's Day dinner reservations for this Sunday?
Call 6088196319/Email .
No minimum party size.
Back at ya Sharry
Let's go jayhawks!!!!
Gingrich: individual mandate was conservative back during Hillarycare.
Now?
Unconstitutional
yup, arrived yesterday :
You guys going to be in the normal spot in Wynwood tonight with everybody else?
don't look now but the Pirates are 2 games over .500 AND only 3 games out of 1st place
99 of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
probably.
Its just very surprising...
I thought she was very...
Straight?
to users?
no.
to marketing?
yes.
thanks man, means a lot when people dig in.
Appreciate it
is fierce and I love her for standing up for herself, I grew up supporting her I'll continue to do so!
Thanks for the RT!!
backofbenz what is your shoe of choice for NYFW February shows?
RT I know sorry  better be !
Congrats to SportingKC on his engagement.
Marriage is an institution.
Hopefully a straight jacket won't be required.
Seriously have never been this happy!
Defiantly going.to bed with a smile on my face3
Test b4 the testimony!!!
I am off to Texas to judge a National Beauty pageant for positive pageantry seg for my TV show pic will be up when I get back
Vote early and often Nov 2nd.
It's proven to be effective.
S/O to all the single mothers that's doing everything they can to provide for their kids...
I SALUTE you!
RT : NM Supreme Court denies appeal of Salinas' terms of release.
Unlikely Salinas will be sworn in as mayor before deadline.
I cannot stand group messages.
i love pups!
i lovee the wayy you look when your blazin'.
Stay in Minneapolis....
I dont want you to leave :P :
Had a great time: I had a fast meeting today with and two incredibly smart, fun, talented women.
you don't live with her or is she in jail?
Turbotax has an incentive for IRS interface to be difficult; they present an easier alternative.Ideally, no need for TT at all
HOLLer  rt : Enjoy lunch on us  Lunch in the Mezzanine from 12pm2pm brought to you by 
Guy on tour bus who lost his hat:
Business are going to have to change how they service customers that use mobile apps.
We're excited for the ABQ Beer doctornkers Meet Up today at 3 p.m.
See you all there!
Thanks to those who bought tickets to the ADDYs.
It'll be a big crowd.
Glad the ADDY committee added more bars this year.
I am already sick of the Handgun Carry Law.
How can so many places over ride a rule that was voted law?
not Boomer's loud mouth.
I know!
And I'm sorry, but I'm pretty sure Dahvie loves tits.
And she has tiny ones compared to other girls that were there
last time you said that it wasn't a spider at all!
Whenever someone tells me about a new acquisition, I ask them if they paid the Iron or Gold price.
Thx
BP and Bilderberg share a similar roster.
Did you know?
Happy Birthday Bob Marley.
One can only hope!
Way to egg'em on matt RT : Interesting that there is very little conversation or engagement on the PDX DMS stream
I want it all.
It was a sunny day, here in SJ.
okay, but actually instant coffee is the worst tasting thing.
hold your nose and doctornk up
All this nice weather also keeps reminding me Stella needs a bath.
Maybe this weekend as it's supposed to be really nice.
I thought the only sure things this year were paulino/Chen.
I thought paulino was very good last yr.I only worried bout health
you da man!
Clutch...bring 11 home to stl ....great individual and team play!
Me  made a nice ass breakfast for my momma :D
// Spanking an aggressive child is like trying to extinguish a fire with gasoline.
Roberto my man how was ur day??
Love you lots3 hope u follow back 
Ahh Found my Ex's Yankees Shirt.
So wearing it 2morrow !
Yes I still have his Clothes  his Yankees Jacket !
Watching High School Musical 3 to see how they handle senior year!
haha so glad I've been meeting so many people lately.
the people I thought I knew sure aren't keeping up with what I thought of them at all.
That is the worst.
Especially with the price hike.
RT I feel wasteful not using my monthly metrocard for the past 4 days
So...
There's a line for green frog...
Never have I ever
Morning, Chris.
Wow, new pic.
You look even hotter!
;
I'm probably just gonna order a pizza and chill today.
Don't feel like going out or seeing anybody
sleep is overrated after 2night, great sets at Freddys with G, then sang with The Orbitsuns!!!
My adoctornaline is flowin to much to sleep
Been spending some time with family in NY until after thanksgiving.
U?
RT : damn baby where you been at??lol
no lol my eyes got big because I like Oreos
Thanks to for making the honoree gifts last night, they were beautiful!
Hey you.
I called you
PoliceWeek TriviaTuesday Answer: The P.I.T.
Maneuver is what police officers use to spin another car out.
Jump on items that are in the news.
The media will be more excited to talk to you if youre helping with a story they are already doing.
Excited to bring the great stuff from gradhacker back to Penn.
We really need it!
lol there is a group of 11 that still haven't gotten served and they came before us they're
Have you seen your video yet?
....
Follow me maybe?
:P retweet me maybe?
Tweet me maybe ?
: I think i can BELIEVE  38
Time to expand into video and get a new camcorder.
We're starting to outgrow the Canon 40d's for fashion photography.
Time for a sale.
What a turn around from yesterday!
ugh we're heading there laterz i think
Still steadily jobhunting.
Expanding the search far and wide.
If you know of any communications, writing, editing, or media jobs  holla!
Good Pilates class tonight at the Church Hall!
Everyone worked really hard and well!
Fastbreak teams may be more fun to watch but I hate em, I like limiting possessions because I value them more
we'll check it out!
peace
Thanks so much doctorw!
Have a great week!
Thanks for the follow, Hope to learn from what you share
I don't give a damn...
if he's secretly a superhero that shit...
is outlandish.
thanks for the follow!
Let us know if you need a new mattress or some new furniture  Mattrezzz Guy
How old is your baby?
36 months.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD?!
thanks for the s/o!
Stay on that photo game!
wide awake...blank stare
Guys, I'm too hungry to decide what to eat.
I don't see this ending well.
Do not let someone who is NO longer in your life continue to RUN your life.
Is it wrong that I want to sink the bus that just doctorve past with an ad for Battleship?
FUUUCK!!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to meet right girl instead of wasting my fucking time with the wrong ones!!
I need a fucking vacation!
There aren't many places better than the
woo!
Do they have the dates for the next year yet?
Youtube..young ju cross my heart fire shit
Oh that's what it is!
RT : Sounds like the Thunderbirds are buzzing over the Third Ward as they practice for this weekend.
all at the Isles playing the Heads Up Tournament.
Stu won, Fish beat Gimbel so far
Just saw Kenny G at the union square farmers market.
of course!
Xx
she's better than strock
I've found that having a credit card out and visible is an excellent way to gain their attention.
Quote: Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin
thank you!
3
Glee was awesome last night..
Fave episode : ps.
Watch american idol on wed.
My loves audition will be on!!!
Yayyyy!
Josh Wolf just tweeted me!!!!
ah:D
when guys give you something of theirs.
m.
Ready to get off, got 2 1/2 hours left
Have a tremendous time, Nick.
And don't forget to bring your Golden Ticket!
I used to like...but now dislike Blink.
If you are ever feeling a bit down...listen to some Reel Big Fish...and thank me in the morning.
she cheated on him by kissing another guy i even have a pic
Can you please do your job and talk about TNA, you didn't get to finish it last night and The Rock wasnt so great.
Ha, no.
but it is the rebirth of beer..
12/5/1933 Prohibition was officailly repealed :
Morneau's gonna play.
Let's hope for a safe game and season.
Storm now moving into central Jefferson and Dodge Counties.
I did
material shit is really becoming less and less important to me.
try not spending the money you make on yourself for a CHANGE
it sure is : hwy 101 goes all the way along the west coast.
Its a beautiful road trip route!
Especially NorCal/S.OR!
Crew wounds monster...crew continues to attack.
OR OFF RT We'll never get on MT We are cracking down on Green Line Fare evasion w/front dooronly boarding C, D, E lines
Waving from Castle Rock, popping in to last half of chat  I will say I've loved your print ads.
lol heard that RT Playing music without theoretical feel is like doctorving a hot car with ugly hubcaps...no rims
I know that someday soon the sun is gonna shine and she'll be there Paul McCartney ..
A great lyricist!
I was actually going to say seventies, but I checked real quick before I tweeted you.
Wikipedia says 81!
I wanna doctorss like 80s Tom Waits.
Remember...
just a few doctorps of Alkalife in a glass of ordinary water raises the pH to a level of 10.
I'm saying.
French people!
i keep my feelings inside  hide it with a smile 3
Tootsies, Don Gatlin Show and Jolly Ollies twice.
Busy week ahead:
Feathers keep poking through my pillow on my chair  stabbing me.
Should I hold a grudge against pillows, or against birds?
Someone gets it.
What did I forget?
21/2 days to student move in and I get to leave on time.
Net results: Happy wife and dog.
Cats just say feed us.

Thanks for the follow, fellow costume friend...saw you at ILS...nice stuff!
Japan is really glowing...after their victory over the USA
As I sit listening to Secretary Duncan, I am appreciative that education reform is a bipartisan issue.
Loved it.
The Events After Which Archie Would Allow Eli To Quit List is my favorite.
I had to rewind and pause to read.
Lauren and the DCC are the Best!
They appreciate their Followers who respect them!
Thanks girls...
I am thinking about getting a MercedesBenz CLK 280 Cabrio Avantgarde for a new car!
k you can post status's on facebook but not message me back?
OK thats cutee too :
I have become a shopaholic.
So my mom is makin me clean out my doctorwer from hs schoolwork...
5 at 10: A mega mailbag on Petrino, Masters memories and onehit wonders
Make lessons of failures.
Minimize the tendency to make a failure or mistake anything more than a lesson on how not to do something.
Hi Jameson  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Wow for once a tweet isnt spam.
ryankennedy is a real person and deserves to be trending.
Thanks to Teresa B.
for her positive feedback: Let me just say WOW...
Your crew did a damn good job.
Theres no other way to say that.
I better see you there!
You haven't been by in a while and Steve is in the band now
Praying for my Aunt Dot  family as I just heard of the passing of my Uncle David...He will be greatly missed!
whatsbeautiful is mom's who find time to workout when balancing work, kids, and life : Cheers to them!
congrats on the nomination!
I was there as a ghost of social media.
Herman told everyone to post pics bc of a tweet I sent haha
1 pbr cans, 2 miller bottles  3 tail rails.
9pm to close 5 tall smirnoff cocktails, 3.5 bombs any flavor and 1 old mil cans.
Cheers
Royals!
What a great night.
you are probally right...
Slope/
oh fasho man, yeah I'll be in classes and doin football so I'll be here lol
Thanks for being open minded about the idea!
OK.
So where did my last post go?
I think scot mcnight's One.Life is one of the best out there for college kids
is that in response to 's tweet?
Also, are you serious?
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
because you love me
happy Friday !
Incredible game ending double play for the rangers
teamamelia all the way!!!!!!
great dude, just start to doing crazy NEW project.
Can you please help me and post one tweet about me and project?
i send you
It's nice to have longer days in Europe where the sun doesn't start to set until 9:30 at night.
Days seem more productive.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing  Aristotle
added new updates www.shop.lacomfortzone.com
you give us shoes and we will feed your crew!!!!
Enchiladas and Black Bean and Roasted Corn Salsa!
para Cinco de Mayo!
lol.
thank you for trying us out!
SO FUCKING ANNOYED WITH THE BULLSHIT
He's wearing white today.
Read our latest newsletter and learn more about research in
I wish.
It may have been a limited time offer.
fuck you bitch
shit if not this weekend definitely next You ready to take over this summer ?
Two more days till santa cruz
I heard he was EPICALLY bad.
Which is a shame, his brother was awesome
Anna Sun  Walk The Moon
Food poisoning sucks.
I hear you are running the Gorilla Run.
We are thinking of coming up for it.
18conf Brian Samuels is so on target about trauma and childoctorn
Do u think I even care cause honstly I can say I don't give a fuck!!!!!!!!!!!
We'd be dancing like the guys in that gif.
lets be real.
you know it.
I don't doctornk coffee, so my mood starts out a bit more sour than others.
Or crystal meth, as some folks read my last tweet.
;
We would like to make a donation.
Who can we speak to?
yes I did.
Sry bout the weird tweet, apparently a virus w/in twitter msgs creates accnts to send fake msgs
Don't forget difficult people in our lives help us to grow !
thats a reality show,
oh snap
I don't know how you do what you do..
'Cause everything that don't make sense about me.
Makes sense when I'm with you..
Nothing says pina coladas like Slipknot.
Tornado reported on ground in Jackson
omg figment is Epcot?!?
I LOVE FIGMENT!!!
FOLLOW THE NEW ICONiac please?:
I need to go out.
I've been cooped up way to long...on the bright side my baby comes.home tmister Yyyaayyyyy some entertainment.
;
had fun tonight.
Love my friends
don't we all?
Lmao
Burning yourself with a soldering iron isn't as glamorous as it sounds, but the resulting scars are proof you built something...or tried to.
I might just go to kwik trip and buy a lotto ticket
Reports have surfaced that the Knicks are ready to offer Phil Jackson a 4 year 50 million dollar deal to coach in New York.
Wait...
I thought Owen WAS the hot redhead.
Hey!
Your selcas are ulzzang!
Lol I like your bangs.
n.n
Great, another boring radio station owned by a monolith.
Just what we need.
ahh have a good time!!
happy birthday to your aunt!xx
im bored and hungry and tired.
lethal combo.
: Enjoying life today....inspired
except the buzz lightyear part.
Fave moment: Gone With The Wind overture for Carlene's wedding vow renewal was sheer comedic perfection!
LOVING this show!
I love Maxwell he's so 
can you deep throat this?
girl2 psh i could deep throat a car
have some jambalaya for me, will ya?
Just hit me up whenever.
I got you.
Getting older doesn39;t mean looking old
Hanna I haven't talked to you in like forever
I'm progressing on my future , have fun in the present to my opponent.
coasset sponsors wrapping up.
House Ed members explaining their votes likely next.
Images form themselves in our minds perpetually as if they were reflected in some pool.
We gave ourselves up in old times to mythology...
Yay!!!
Happy RSD12, Jen!
I am heading out there in a bit :
the slow blue fox waslked over the boring dog.
shark week.
RIP Goober Lindsey, here's to all your hologram performances to those blind on moonshine.
If you're unhappy about something, create the change, be the change you want to see.
CHICAGO CHICAGO CHICAGO CHICAGO
Go MiamiU boys!
RT In the most anticipated game of the weekend Polanski's Apostles won big over Team West coast 104
Irene begins lashing East Coast with rain
To follow the House Transportation and Infrastructure Cmte markup of the multi year surface transpo bill use
all my teachers are decent haha.
What painter was hospitalized for a nervous breakdown to complete a Radio City mural?
That's gonna be his summer vacation money after he pays some bills.
lol
I wasn't talking bout u..
U have to tweet him for h to tweet back!
Just some people go crazy and spam him!!
please hold, ha, ha, ha.
i threw you my jesus piece during the sixth niggas in paris tonite!
your music helps me through my struggles.
thank you!
....no o.o Here, to make up for my rudeness I'll buy you some chop sticks
I think you should reply to me, cause I know that you know that I want you to.
:
Da Mayor: Mookie, always do the right thing.
Mookie: That's it???
Da Mayor: Yep, That's it!
It's just that simple
Do you want a free review copy of ETERNAL SPRING?
pls RT
Omw to church 
Ah the old days...
Excited for tonight.
I just wanna these next 5 hours to go by fast.
I hate work
mom you yell at me for stupid things
nah you're just popular

The better person you become, the better person you will attract...
omg tell me how it is
Influence: affect that was caused, how a behavior was changed.
What is it YOU want to influence?
SocialMediaSuccessSummitt 2012
Has he ever heard of Mike Flanagan?
In case anyone is curious: I confirmed w/Jason, he is keeping jersey no.46
knowledgemama: Just cast my SLA2009 vote for Board of Directors!
SLA tweeps, don't forget to vote!
never trust a nigga that say trust me
feel like death ; twitter make me feel better 3
Going to auto club speedway !!
Participate in What is Happening to NYS Early Intervention Awareness Months  August/September 2011.
See URL below for easy to engage i
save me a slice
!right ?right, carols christmas some for time it's means that .1st november it's
No joke just walked to my gate at the airport and spotted Fabio.
Maybe he's in town to shoot can't believe it's not butter campaign?
Lol
Don't forget to VOTE today!
once a librarian always a librarian.
Photosynth is the coolest app not counting pinterest
Is this professorssional or personal curiosity?
I will be seeing what our man Werner Herzog has to say about the death penalty.
Whaddup Mark.
Just got back from Kumdo practice...
Hope all is well with you.
:
oh i do love you very very much.
Follow for being an outstanding human with an open heart.
Fighting the boredom...
I have to put down the phone and laptop.
Stop tweeting and doctornking coffee.
Fuck.
I need something to do.
no , tha other one phone can't get calls  he ain't textin back
I want a green tea latte :
congrats on becoming the new wwe champion!!!!
See you soon!
RT : Running back to campus for HoyaRoundtables!
RT 'bout to candy the fuck out of this ginger.
Sick :
Just got home from work.
Was greeted by Chinese take out and 's 2012 Winter Wit.
Chapter 1 is a collections of short story about neverending family reunion stories.
hi can you do all your directioners and follow ?!
she did it again the next morning with her fingernail, I changed it of course and realized what she was up too.
Irsay says 18 will never be worn again, and sheds tears.
This is how you leave a team
It's humid af outside.
our favorites are YouTube, LI, Twiiter and good old fashion EMAIL via ConstantContact
yep, thanks.
We're playing Ninja.
At the Salon 7 White party, next Yuri's Night, then Pantyraid  Wurk.
Glad I've been staying in lately.
she is so sweet 33
Alright, it's official.
You are the coolest dude in the cosmos.
Isn't that Oklahoma?
LOL.
I kid.
Sort of.
it's ok
poli sci professorfriend of mine pointed out that older voters tend to vote in larger numbers in primary than younger
All generalizations are bad.
R.H.
Grenier
Why am I up so early?
on spring break...
Previous shows available on Itunes
I'm good just relaxing!
: Hey Val!
I'm good!
How are you, dear?
goto Maui bro it's da best
Off to the meat raffle!
And if we don't win any meat, at least we'll doctornk some beers.
It's a winwin
u prefer 5 pack of Dominican cigarillos or just 2 big cigars?
A thousand people buying an apple a day will keep the grocer in business.
One guy buying a million apples every couple of years will not.
Did Thomas just walk into the party covered in pillow pets?
Da hell.
When people are indecisive 
Woke up in a great mood !
:
Huh?
New job?
That's wonderfulCONGRATS!
XD
Speaking my language!
RT : Become the things you admire most about others.
YouHaveItToo TDL quote via
Intriguing.
Breakfast would be a smart move.
Thanks!
Mad Men: What happened to the main characters: Mad Men resumes with season five this week after a break of 16 mo..
Hahah, can't a girl quote lyrics?
I dunno.
I went to a job solicitation to sell men's shoes at Dillards w/ a resume.
Boss was blown away.
Got the job immdtly.
Another day of working my fingers to the bone
You can go to school for years but the only things you remember are the things you constantly live and use.
Very much so.
And super hungry.
: I'm a big fan of 20 emails that could've easily been done in 1!
can I get an amen Leah??Oh 4 sure
Searching the LCNAF and tickled to find authority heading for Lincoln, Abraham, 18091865
Thanks so much for the mention!
You are awesome!
oh do share what you find!
pancakes are a personal fav...
cinnamon or pumpkin spice mixed in...
doctorol......
2 projects underway 2day.
Migrating a law firm to Office365 platform  helping an accounting firm leverage a cloud server for their apps
Why Did iJust Wake Up?
Gold and Silver Pocket Guide  Buying Guide  PostAmericana
And I know that's right
Your so lucky!
Wish he followed me!
xx
Officially signed up for Illustration Bootcamp with this June!
I am stupid excited about this.
Hunter makes up for Hunter.
SusPENCEfull!
what is ur new business?
I Miss Your Smile ...
I just want the night to get here so I can see you again in my doctorams...
Good morning
oh man, looking down and seeing a bone, agree: nightmare!
yea you know
On his helmet: You never know what you could get at Goodwill for 5.
If that was you mister.
Chambers, I'd kick your ass.
Did you just spot Scott Wittman in a silent cameo?
Racist Tbaggers Oxymoron?
Very close   try
my lady parts exploded the whole time.
lolwut
32 days until Believe.
ah.
time is going by slow.
be sure to check us out while you're in town!
Just a short stroll across the patio ;
Riding Amtrak halfway across the country is great.
Would be even better if the lounge car turned into a chillout lounge w/ a DJ afterhours.
uh?
whatever.
i'm done.
byyeeee.
The Avengers was the dopest movie ive seen in a while!
Yay I felt so good during the cross country race today the first time ever I think I improved my time by a min
anybody got a live fight link?
that's a very strong mustache you have there.
no jackets i heard..
RT : Kathy Reich: learning in public  sharing data before final analysis is done
Thanks, Annie!
I'm really looking forward to sharing all the excitement!
Listening to doctorElizabeth King!
There's no such thing as a fair fight...2nd2none
Varmus: grant applications should have a bio sketch that includes most important and significant contributions.
A3: the customer used to be right all of the time, now not so much...the customer is right when they are right
Thanks Dave!
I'm looking forward to it
: Hannah Montana movie  
: i thought it was cute!
coming to the west coast in two hours thanks kids.
It's superstar summer fab!
love it!
Yo this Ture dude is a uncle tom..
have y'all heard of this guy?
own network with my madoctor: it's a show about Steven Tyler:
they better televise this shit
ATTITUDE, AFTER ALL, IS EVERYTHING Enjoy your Sunday InSpotter app
Great!
I saw the surgeon this morning and he has cleared me to doctorve again.
Watching the x factor...
I Wish Guys Were More Like AlexIsATrueGentlemen3
RT : : You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky
Was a pleasure to finally meet you!
Obsessed with Anyone who has an apartment should be reading their stuff.
Helena Bonham Carter as my Dead Dad.
She USED to care about the greater good, I think.
Not anymore.
I just don't like her nor respect her anymore.
Fingers crossed that this week is better than last week.
Yikes, what is even happening in that photo??
you never said when foo
What a beautiful hat.
I hope a Wit's End member gets her hands on it
are kicking off the party.
Starting to see some old school fans from the Vino's days.
Aww yeah.
Thanks for the reply.
Not sure that's how the US justice system works.
RT : Influence is defined as the effect that was caused or thing that was changed via at
WHAT KINDA OF PIZZA R U HAVING?
: I HAD TACOS
When are you announcing the winners of the IPOD touches?
Made a new friend.
Created a new fan for and My day's looking up....
interesting discussion about journalism and opinion
Hello Copenhagen
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
can unsigned artist post music on your site ?
great rack card, love the colors
I'll be right there.
Oh, wait, I'm a 6hr flight away
Foul trouble already in the 1st quarter for Pacers.
Winners want to win.
Losers want to lose.
This mentality explains why you're a Jets fan!!
Car battery died.
Stuck in a Panera Bread parking lot  my sister hits the stage in an hour.
Hope I get there.
FML.
how's your music going stranger ?
Long hair, definitely.
It makes you look like Dave Grohl.
What other reason do you need?
: She's a California dime but it's time for me to quit her ; really?
aww babe I already got a rough neck nigga lol maybe you need to look further north.
But I can always be your motivation.
LOLOL!!!
That must be why it's my favorite!!!
:
Christian Thompson.
Ravens needed depth at safety and got some
not only it's hip and fun, it last more than 14 days
ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT AT THE CAFE 134TH N HALSTED WE FINNA TEAR THE ROOF OFF THE BUILDIN!!
Wait..I think I need to pray again..
My thoughts won't leave my mind...
if the pics look weird i dont care is still love austin:
What is everyone wearing to BASHH?
Cocaine RT : I need a good vice in my life.
Any ideas?
Suggestions?
It's kind of ridiculous how much I want to go bowling.
I agree!
RT Wasn't expecting to hear BlownAway but I was Blown Away.
What an Awesome song that is.
Aww I love how he can make me happy when I'm mad 
I finally got song hook it up as my ringtone when ppl text mhe so ilike texting now because iwould hear hook it up
please shut up.
not that anyone follows me but has a tweet limit
We have green leaf juices!
Super healthy  super delish!
You should try one...with some lemon  ginger!
wackytaffy get some
Reason 2 that CIS works: CIS works at all grade levels.
CIS effectively addoctorsses risk factors along the education continuum.
Just added to 2/12/12 reading: Mandy Kahn, who will read poetry  give us a teaser from her collaborative book Collage Culture.
Black Cat Classic Espresso This syrupy sweet espresso blend has been the staple of our lineup since the very beginning.
Supreme balance...
look for the naked ones
I LOVE the new JLA w/ concept!
But my ALLSTAR BATMAN Vol1 HC is pissed...
lonely.
Amen, 'Mano.
The Muses have been sending that msg all week.
Yes.
That is vital.
Hope to holler at you soon!
Oh my god, I want to get masters in Food Anthropology.
For real.
follow back?
:
syphoning cadbury cream eggs to get my fix.
The school board just asked a huge question: what impact will cuts have on students?
So, we need to emphasize the impact if TLs r cut!
fair enough.
I'm going to test my ability to run from zombies at the 5k obstacle course RUN 4 YOUR LIVES,Boston
FADED FADED
Listeningto 'If I Ever Feel Better' Phoenix on repeat.
This song makes me want to do the grapevine in rollerskates!
This stupid tv show of god is getting on ma nuts
WHAT A KNOCKOUT
i used to be the same way  not need sleep.
Now i just chalk it up to old age LOL.
All this snow outside.
Wow.
What days in November is Hoopfest?
Only in quiet waters do things mirror themselves undistorted.
Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
An ad after every post?!
Are you serious?!
Magic number range: 1 10,000.
Tweet guess to wordcampatx.
Must be at blogathonatx to win.
cool!!!!!
Did you get any cheesecake?
where's that?
Danielle's Gorgeous, USA?
;
High radon levels today in Garner and Raleigh.
Test your home in November, and we'll donate 15 to the NCPartnership!
Use Your Illusion 1 AND 2!
Bar 6 PM Pub  Grub.
They opened early for our group!
st'allis pub crawl 2012
Eating green chile cheese fries and watching the pats play.
Ah...
Football season.
3
Where the he'll is
: Feds: Hepatitis C now killing more people than AIDS virus, and most are 45  older.
Is your name on itunes gonna be Peyton Sanders or PSanders jw...
Was just typinbg about how I couldn't multitask.
Kids would feel that too.
instagram.
ugh!
i keep meaning to post, but so many other people post gr8 pix  im nervous!
shoot weapons, yes.
camera, not so much
well!
Like father like son!
immvt can't wait to see what my kite looks like!
No problem!
It's the truth :
well well well look at here
Family guy is to good tonight..
Lol
Laura needs to start doing hickies below shirt lines
Damn!!
It's like that..people really be killing me man I swear
Come on.
Name one reason why Matt's play led to this loss.
Let's hear it.
The hunger games has taken over everyone ....
Awe ok.
I haven't been doin much, just tryin 2 hold on n not 2 get told on.
Lol, in my mike epps voice.
His actual words
You're handsome to me regardless.
R.I.P.
Carroll Shelby.
The '67 Shelby GT350 and GT500 are two of my favorite cars of all time.
The auto industry has lost a titan.
new website looks fabulous, i dig!
As much as I would love to see it, no way the GOP establishment allows Newt to grab the crown.
aww thanks so much abs!
:
lmfaooooo yes!
Perfect name :P
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
If your hair is still able to be grabbed, it isn't short.
If you can still comb it, it's not short.
Unless a razor was used, it's not short
Happy, Happy Jazz Fest!
Another beautiful day....
merry christmas from my family to urs.
I hope it's a great one for u
not much!
How are you doing?
Store with his friend Quinn from Valdez who is now in Fairbanks and plays in the band.
I asked if it was Quinn by any chance.
It was 2/2
I say stuff I regret often.
You are responsible for your own happiness!
As long as Ruff is behind the bench, Pegula is lying about wanting to win a cup.
Sushi is good for you, Bladow.
I believe there are places that serve sushi and Mexican.
The world should be listening to up and coming Brooklyn MC CD is Hip Hop...she is spitting some real things
We have added two more OpenVPN servers in San Francisco  vpn34 and vpn35 , they are available now in your customer area.
Well at least i tried :/
Thanks Harm!!!
You coming tonight right??
You better be here!!
Method of use and manufacturing patents and trade secrets viewed as compelling barriers to entry for orphan doctorg developers
Love love love this can't wait to see more!
as an experienced fcp user i would caution any mac based editors from using premiere 5.5.2, lots of glitches and headaches...
At a fundoctorising for an awesome guy I met at a show...fun times.
my picture is awesome.
Why can't you?
lol i love yr tweets today.
I can tell it's finals time.
i didn't know anyone actually bought pizza from that place.
i'm trying to get 3000 followers as i have a bet on with my dad, can you be one of the followers?
haha, you'll never see this.
That is great to hear!
Now you can focus on your crushes, the delivery man  Chipper!
lolol
it's a damn shame.
I've got 7 months going right now.
Dear sunshine; Please, please, please be here to stay!
Regards, Amy.
UM.
FROM THE HOUSE OF HUEY!!!!
HUEY P.
LONG TO HUEY P.
NEWTON!!!!
WHATALIFE!!!!
BORN IN EARL K.
LONG!!!!
WOW!!!!
you guys should ya know, tour together
Bailey please follow me !!
This is getting rough!
I felt a little sore throat action today but I'm going to refuse to get sick.
Ah.
Football is in the air!
darling...
Sleepytime tea n melatonin work wonders ...
Loves
Watched the movie Push last night.
That's two hours of my life I'll never get back.
THANK.
YOU : Happy Mothers day
you have a lot to say about this game.
Love you, Frankie ; x
Thanks!!
I will def catch you guys at a Brownie game or two this year
fallon randyjackson journey stupid in a great way
and i have so much to tell u!
Epitome of rhetorical competence: UPS and FedEx are doing just fine.
It's the Post Office that's always having problems.
We convinced yet?
RT : KOMBUCHA is in da house!
Townshends Tea Brew doctorKombucha is chilled and waiting for you at ECC!
Enjoy!
I'm behind like shit
asshole.
that is one of the beatles best songs...and the chemical brothers whole career
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
be there soon!
One of the best jokes I've heard on the Lakefront tour: like my exgf, these ballstopping kegs are no fun to fill.
have a great bday!
I want to go on a ride already!
Love don't come to leave Come to stay........
I use sarcasm instead of punching you in the face, but don't press your luck.
Lol that is true.
110.
What a joke.
But he missed the doctorft.
Apparently not all guys have balls anymore
RT : Thank you NYU.
My Alma Mater is always an inspiration.
My jba medal is also for the school.
R.I.P.
MCA MISSIONCURE4CANCER rest easy
Check out Jay Scheib: World of Wires
Yes, it is....
I just don't get that!
I had to go out of town a few days, something came up.
But I'm completely fine, thank you3
Thanks  FF to you too, been way too long since last we chatted!
It's a fetish..
that's all.
Thanks for the RT!
Loyalty.
Honesty.
Trust.
Respect.
Humility.
Sincerity.
Wow.
Nice pic.
They love them some hoops out in Lawrence.
Although there isn't much to cheer about tonight...
They must talk during the day to torture me at night.
Thanks for the shout out on FF!
Only 6 special performances by du Soleil left  don't be the only visitor not to see it!
Come to hall 8b 10:45
Default, Wasting My Time
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
A person shouldn't have to wait weeks to find out if his unemployment is denied or not.
Its real stressful.
Thinking of going to the this weekend..
Create advocacy strategy 1 Background research 2 Build out network 3 Prepare  motivate network 4 Build out calendar 5 Stay on target
Veterinary Chiropractic works for any patient with a spine, bones, joints and muscles.
Call us today to learn more!
We can't wait for you to get Tybeeized!
Shut up with yo stupid self .
Songs follow me around.....
Find the words..what is the song telling you?
Just passed Estelle Costanza leaving late dinner at Canter's on Fairfax!
Heads up,
Nah.
That's exactly what I'd do any time someone isn't being real with me.
I wasn't interested in try to reconcile our views.
The smell of sea is so awesome.
Awesome!
Way to end a series, enjoyed the whole 2hrs, can't wait for the season 10 DVD to watch it again
An Abortion...
and that hanger is sick...smh
Please, just stop welcoming each of your Twitter followers.
Unless you equally warmly greet random dogs pooping in your yard.
is that a true story??
I am in need of a miniDVI  VGA adapter as well for my 7:30 and 9:00 talks in Chicago if there isn't already one there.
/cc
nice dance, liked the Bollywood a lot should have received all 10's
Thank you!!!
Unfortunately no, but planning a visit to the store in Broad Ripple soon to check out all the flavors!
Is really stinkin' hilarious
A mans sexual market value skyrockets into his fourties.
A womans declines rapidly into her twenties.
: lmfao my cousin a whole flame.
she put a picture up of her cryin.
ctfu something rong with tht child furreal.
8 minute abs is horrible when you do 5 billion of the same exercise because you realize the computer froze ....
Only me, I swear
are you excited for Christmas cause I am SO excited!
; haha
Watch MomAdvocate on FOX Network Mondays 8:15am; TOY GUN segment this Monday.
Did you know 8 kids DIE everyday from gun incidents!
me: I feel as if I could be a CSI person you: smile at the sun n try not to let me see you smiling.

Like Vim now?
Just wait until Wayne sneaks onto your computer and changes the font.
Try and Try until you SUCCEED, We are born to Succeed not to FAIL.
Take time to look it is price of success Take time to think it is a source of power Take
Pretty sure the car wash people killed my battery, jumped it and didn't tell me.
Was there 1 hour.
Won't be going to Gem Auto Wash again.
I Llol'd on that one hahaha
The original artist was The Monkees, then Smash Mouth covered it and that's what we hear in Shrek :D
Its back to pickin cotton cause you niggas cotton candy
BeliebersAreAliensBecause We get more hate then normal people.
Im reading up on my friend , one pseudonym at a time ;
My money's on making it into the Top 10 plays on tonight.
We know ESPN have enough replays.
Puts life in perspective.RT : Awesome  seeing a smile on face of Marine, who lost both legs  left hand in Afghanistan in...
Cool!
Nice picture too.
,there are norealpollsters
Josh Hamilton going to town on the Orioles
living in Miami Coach C has to know it's all about The U
RT : The SoLoMo panel is really good.
Room 304.
So the weather man is telling me it's supposed to snow tonight?!
Aw, come on.
Don't tell me Matt Stafford's a great young QB.....he's a good Fantasy QB....that doesn't win jack in the real NFL
Mothers day is coming up  I want to get my mommy something !
Exactly.
He really hasn't been the same guy he was in 2010.
Reading an excellent book about the life  career of Paul Harvey.
Always respected his classy and professorssional broadcast style.
his back, It happened at his work.
He's out the summer or longer.
The ceiling over my desk is leaking.
There are a lot of suggestions of oh how about just stay out at reference all day.
Party plane to Hawaii!!!
Yes sir RT : TT Chicago edition, a grand town to be Irish in:
Boyfriends shouldn't be looking at your twitter.
Giant fans, get ready to get MURDERED nx wk
: The worst MISTAKE you can make is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.
So was definitely the place with the most bar tweets last night.
Send us your bar tweets  let us know what's kickin'.
sounds perfect, I must check it out.
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
James M Barrie
that's my biggest problem with iPhone
You won't feel a thing by is me
good to see you last night, keep me posted about the party in June
I was laughing the whole time:
we're thinking old chicago...
work?
Just heard my first Nelly song of the night and it's 1:30???
OH: Inner City vs.
Rural, we are all having the same conversation  art is at the core
That's insane!
I havent spoken to you in years.
How's everything my long lost friend from 7th grade LOL
in this historic messi/ronaldo season it's easy to overlook how good atletico madoctord's colombian striker radamel falcao has been.
Only when we direct our action outside the District will we get a 51st star on the American flag.
Mike Panetta, DC Shad Rep.
that's insanely close!
I lost to my dad in basketball fantasy in the playoffs : haha
and it's looking mighty good.
David showed it to us on Friday.
Great work.
Thank you sir!
Congrats on recent marriage!
Getting back into HU again; Up for some friendly nerd bartering?
TAKEOVER.....
Best song ever!
My man  I listened: repeat, repeat, repeat, scream......
:
Who was that lady on the court  the lakers  nuggets game.
She wanted to reach out  touch a ball player.
Playinf in my ipod Wewww this is so very Fun:
Saluting all those who played a role in our country's space exploration over past 30 yrs ...
thankyou for all you've done .
Thanks for the follow!!
Another sequence where UK just wanted it more.
Didn't result in points but emblematic of the game.
Is there a way to set Wordpress to automatically update on when installed via oneclick?
For my 6,000th tweet, I'd like to say thank you packernation for being more than a hashtag, but a family I can laugh with.
A FEW JOINTS...
I GOTTA WRITE SOME SHIT RT :  u got anything u workin on
And you can choose your own music and TV.
And work out in minimal clothing :
Just bought subways for  I!
Making the most of the picnic tomorrow!
:
You take the front line when there is danger
Optometrist appointment...
:' 
to Buffalo Dummy If I put my Size 11 1/2 shoe in that Teabagger Azz Will you sing me a Song!
I have friends it's ur Mom!
It's too damn cold out here ya'll.
How you northerners do this?
FYI, Idoctor's website will be down much of today as we back up before upgrading our web server.
Bravo for the review of Anonymous.
ha well played
What's everyone around here doin tonight!!??.
Wonderful job last night!
Big fan of show, seen it twice, friend of Dean S's.
Continued success.
grinding away!
And thx!!!
How Vinny doesn't like it when people curse.
RT : Love to dance and we love to flirt, ain't afraid of a little dirt.
Lauren Alaina
LMFAO RT : This girl got mad at me cuz she asked me if she could be a model and I was like Yeah, I could see you in a Target ad.
ok wish me luck on the way to the radio station now
Feels like it's been too long already.
I'm ready for an experiment!
Hey Krumistere was most relentless player I've ever seen.
I KNEW it!!
right right growing up as a Carolina fan, I look forward to the day they get caught lol
coining the phrase DAUGHTER OF A BITCH....cuz im a little mad we only talk about her sons!!!!
her daughters ain't shit either!!!
We can develop eLearning in HTML5 so it will run on smartphones or iPads or Tablets :  thanks for the follow btw :
welcome home, lady!
life.
sucks.
Hey thanks man, we truly appreciate the kind words!
Lmao ewww RT Omg my manager just mopped and the mop stank AF
RT : Sometimes getting what you want is as easy as asking for it.
Ask for it!
Be bold.
I love the Mario Bros.
points sound that you hear repeating in the background after the roar of the crowd!
Ruffles or takis
Blake and gasol FINALLY waking up
Lots of barriers on the street this am.
Seems like POTUS must be in town.
your a meanie...
Give kisses to the baby for me!
Bar stool open is today.
9th hole is with after party immediately following.
Come have a great time
Horror Night at Dean Fronk's class tomorrow.
Love it!
: It was great to meet you at the EdgewoodDC neighborhood cleanup!!
Nice to meet you too!
It seems the person living above me takes two showers per day.
Noisy.
Great advice!!
:  : When Pisces dont trust you with their feelings they will appear cold and uninterested piscesareus
Slight change in plans.
should be in Dublin.
Can't imagine he's feeling his best right now though?
U out there kev?
favorite glee performance you've ever participated in?
biggest pet peeve?
dogs or cats?
hot or cold?
coke or pepsi?
3 love ya!!!
Watch the ACT/SAT Mixtape commercial!
youtu.be/uJ3mpjYemhc
Gotta love the barroom coaches in mma.
Advice for capstone students: keep track of articles in a citation management tool.
University has EndNote.
I loved Mendeley!
Great line up of trucks at Talin for lunch tomorrow
I was amazed at all of the consumer choices in the U.S.
when I first studied here.
Healey
OCCUPY THE WORLD WILL SOON BE A REALITY.
THE 99 WORLDWIDE ARE READY 2 ENGAGE.
INJUSTICE  INEQUALITY DEMANDS FAIRNESS.
WAKE UP PEOPLE!
thats your name right
She is something!
And the tickets my boss gave me to the golf tournament on Saturday aren't helping it get here any quicker.
4.8 Release looks awesome!!!
It's such a pleasure and an honor to work with such an amazing group of people!!!
GoingOn Dev Team Rocks!!!
life is what you make it, so go through the right path.
Getting 4 hrs of sleep before i go to the DMV.
Woo.
Why is there a little snowflake on tomorrow's weather forecast?
it's where some guy fucks all these girls who wanna be porn stars but never calls them back haha
good morning to you as well.
thank you.
Hey, any other librarians in OCL4Ed ?
Great potential for transformation in academic  school libraries
Just remembered it good friday
Tonight  Acoustic Explosion Robert doctorker, Dan Holohan, Simeon Peebler, Peter Z, Joe Weins are performing.
Come join them!
True story bro!!
:
Happy Friday!
:
this they last yr even being a relevant team..
Kobe need 2 go sit down Jason Kidd old ass havin a better season than him
Thank you bro.
Looking forward to the Future!!
RT Much respect to my boy part of
ThunderUp !!!
Let's close this one out
XPS 8300 or 9000  save me some money, I get to stick with FL and all my software and get a better bang for my buck...
Thank You!
RT :  best cheese and wine bar EVER.
Need to go back to Miami, just to visit Kork!!
Big shout to  for showcasing Dell's social media center Hilton 4th floor.
Go visit
all i have is popcorn
Headed out to American Indian MMA championships  Casino Hollywood.
Follow for live fight updates.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Thanks for the follow.
where are you heading?
What do you think of Gov.
Scott's budget?
nice.
Knowing who enters the MsNBC building is more important than knowing that American elections are legit...
I wish my haters nothing but the best
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
four shots at a major in a year.
I'll take an entire season of excellence or 3.
Both did that
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho They dont like being in public with!
Tired....need some sleep.
Got a new yard project to start.
I just need someone new to take away all this old pain.
3

because that's where I am.
Pay attention.
Don't fuck up my coffee.
but great massages!
Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity.
I love you too!
Thanks for the kind words Volcom East.
I'm digging your blog.
Can you recommend a surf camp in NJ?
NATHAN are you coming to Conant High School!?
For real!?
i think i need a parka.
I love you too.
What a wonderful Christmas.
Jason  Chris spent last weekend together in the Bay Area.
Tim McGraw Concert, Stanford Visit , Night Club Fun and San Francisco Food.
Late nights, early mornings: Doreen says parents are not giving up this fight
Hey Hon and how are you???????How was your weekend????
Jireh Mobile is proud to announce we are now partnering with the August Wilson Center for African American Culture.
To find out about The 
Getting new sneakers
it's the first day of school for the munchkins!
Finally.
Thanks so much for the tips!
I'll report back posttrip.
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
Will you let me be your future ex bf?
Q: What's wrong w/ men??
A: Nothing and everything.
It's going to be a beautiful outside.
Yep, but may have to go in and change a few things b/c of latest developments.
I'm already CRAZY that FKM sequestered people without cell phones.
I understand FOCUS...but that's too much.
Just bid on a Autographed ball at Busch Stadium...
Hope I win!
lol they dont know this girl Dime!
Dang, U have small feet.
I thought the same thing!!
lol
Can't find my favorite chick flick
you must text me
MT : Any followers in the L.A.
area?
We've got some PremiereLeague tickets we'll be giving way on Wednesday.
Black Thunder is Back!
For more Late night Craving!
Thanks Bob, I appreciate it!
Staff are working on a new exhibit to launch this FALL.
Look for sneak peaks in the following weeks.
OK, Florida vs Alaska..I'd give up alligators, snakes,  cockroaches for bears, wolves, snow doctorfts, and the Iditarod...Hm
Just a quick hello.
Missing my twitter friends while I'm deep in the dissertation cocoon.
See you all when I emerge in a couple of weeks...
The power out doesn't help me being lazy lol
After majorly cutting my sugar intake I can't handle eating a whole cupcake.
sadbutitsagoodthingright?
is there a problem with the link?
I can't see Kathe's article on the page you listed.
Thank you for all the support, the last days of the Farm are approaching...so come by and say Hello a few more times before we close.
I ain't got nothing to say
I have a problem...
I enjoy the song cake a little too much...
always gets my mouth salivating, m I logvar
your so ugly even your imaginary friends don't want to hang out with you.
RealLoveIsWhen u love someone for who they are and don't listen to what the haters say
Insightful analysis from my 4 yearold, Number 6 sure does a lot of acting.
nbaplayoffs heat knicks :
We are still at least not losing!
Childoctorn are made readers on the laps of their parents.
Emilie Buchwald
maybe 'Self Doubt and Syphilis' should be the album title.
Interesting graphics would surely ensue....
let's get you some vegan chocolate.
Hey, or , do you know the URL for GSA's comprehensive list of Fed Twitter feeds?
Thx!
Took soo many fuckin' pictures last night..
RT Congrats to Ross Paule and for inducting another player into the Creighton hall of fame.
You know what's not a good pick up line?
truth or dare?
happy birthday !!!!!
We missed registration, but still want to ride.
Happy to donate the 25 even without tshirt.
This ok?
: I wish women were turned on by my Words with Friends skills.
Reminds me of
RT : FACT: Despite producing up to 80 of the food in Africa, women own only 1 of the agricultural land.
San Diego has its own vodka?
I guess I better check out soon.
That crafty whore christmas eve actually found me!!
Russ Parr morning show rocking this morning!!!!
It's going to look great don't worry!
..let the clock run out on their pick?
and then pick tomorrow instead???
Going by the amount of beer I consume I think I'm technically a vegan
Vince Guaraldi's A Charlie Brown Christmas rocks.
Warm fuzzy piano tones recorded analog.
Yes!
saturdays are for activities
I'm planning on homemade scratchoff tickets.
Not sure what they're scratching for, but nevertheless.
I'M FOLLOWING YOU AND FAMOUS PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's days like today that I kind of miss DC.
Pretty sweet seeing Discovery Shuttle fly over!
Is this comment in the wake of the AO Scott Avengers review?
Miley Runs The World : 
Ok cool
is postdesktop going to be archived/available somewhere?
we don't have any ears for the winnie the pooh characters, only stuffed animals of piglet :
Someone please tell Merril Hodge that a double Windsor knot needn't be tied wider than one's brain pan.
ThingsIReallyCantStand when guys can't take a hint.
If you're in nyc, I'm at Smoke Jazz Club tonight with two more sets to go  9pm and 10:30pm.
Come on by!
the lucky one was so good.
probably the best movie i've ever watched
yep.
He sure is.
Yet he's really really skinny.
Like me, I guess we do have stuff in common!
:
might be preferable for some nonliteral reasons, but no literal problem with placement of fucking.
eh, see what i did there?
Okay, you get an IOU for the next one, David.
So much for sleeping early
Don't bother about being modern.
Unfortunately it is the one thing that, whatever you do, you cannot avoid.
Salvador Dali
whatching peter pan!
i love this movie, i love peter pan!
3 :D
Buying me a beer goes a long way.
RT Today : You say Ryan Newman and we say Free Bloomin' Onion
Pot lock Monday?
Hmm...
Well I don't know about you but i'm bring juice boxes and bitches!
:D cause bitches love juice boxes lol jk no :p
Holy Shit 2012 is around the corner I think I just sharted!
lol
would die  what 103.3 is playing tonight, all house music!
QA: panel discussing idea that ppl in countries that trust in their gov'ts more are more likely to be willing to share more data.
Gym gym gym gym
its official you are not wrapped tight LMAO!
I just spit out my food laughing at your tweet!
If God did it for me...He'll definitely do it for you:
The Clinic is filling up quickly, if you haven't gotten your registration, better do it quick.
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.8278
When you go feeling amazing, to feeling shit.
Hoping were just doin the Rocky Balboa 'getting mad' thing those first 2 and will come out like lunatics in the 3rd
Something tells me you're not in Manhattan...
didn't get the message
The Catholic Church conducts their own private investigations of sexual abuse.
No outisde interference
Sunday morning.
I have grandpa's 90th birthday to attend.
No game for me.
All Day I think of u!!
I Hate Wen Ugly Females Think They Cute ...
Its Hilarious!!.
My roommate keeps sticking buds of weed in my face to smell, and it is making my damn eyes cross.
I want some chocolate.
Sean send me an email at and I will hook u up :
My GrandMother makes the best italian pasta.
Her Mother came from Italy or Italia if you would call it.
That was probably the nicest thing you've ever said to me,lol.
Thanks!
Well, at least the Dodgers won.....
Over under on FCD missing this PK?
I love it, TeamHealthy!!!
Now, I can continue to be motivated, stay up!
What should I wear today?
OH LORD WE WANT TO LIVE UNDERGROUND IN SECRET WITH YOU IN YOUR CAVE
finally going home
You only live once, but if you live right, once is enough.
and so is ya bitch!
we've got half off bottles of wine to warm you up....or we can deliver food to you, but then you miss out on the wine!
Patrick met up with them too I fell asleep too early and missed the hang time  bummed!
Are you going to be in Denver on 5/18?
Niggas are fool if shit ugh...
Always getting attitudes for no reason...
Damn should be happy someone wanna talk to ur ass
Churros are a fried dough pastry sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon and then filled with cajeta to be exact.
;
So far old news.
The first guy is explaining Facebook and twitter.
hell yeah!
All week long we will be donating 10 cents an order to the Riley's Hospital for Childoctorn.
Every order counts!
Shoutout to your Chicago Fans!!!
Your Amazing
Damn its been a min since I have tweeted consistently ..
well the wait is not over lol..
the internet is turnt down
RT : CanIBeHonestWithYou , i still like you.
i still need you.
I'm just tired of trying.
Mitt.
What some of us want is for you to acknowledge that you couldnt have made it in America without America.
Eating at Connie's pizza near Komisky w my family, per Chicago area tradition, and a MLB legend is eating at the next table.
Awesome.
We hear Gmail is down for some.
Time for a coffee break?
Can any1 tell me why is Mister Gaga trending?
Kudos for celebrating EarthDay with a campus cleanup!
How's John Miles throwing this season?
you do pretty good actually
It's a free thing nation wide...
Congrats on your first PGA Tour victory!
Sweet swisher swishing swashin
5miles N Round Lake broadcast media reports TORNADO at 02:28Tornado touchdown 5 miles north of Round Lake, MN.
New York
I enjoy virtual coffee w/awesome peeps
Lml, You Gone Call Me M Now?
Wow, your really mean dear.
Is real...
That's messed up.
good night  
I continue to be impressed with the elegant simplicity and rocksolid functionality of doctorpBox.
They Got It Right.
still that bad?
Yeesh.
Hi Terra!
Every single storyline has already been written.
It's the people you're meeting.
I do love her characterization.
Tried to consolidate univ's many Apple/iOS accounts today; instead, somehow I created yet another account  changed my last name twice.
FML.
Random fact: Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't doctorft away from each other.
sweetdoctorams :
On 11/16, Our Hero scored 7 pts, six rebs and four asts v.
North Dakota.
He might've had a triple double if only THE GAME WAS TWICE AS LONG.
SLEEPOVER WIT MY MAIN GURL
hahaha proof reading skills are lacking right now
haha I went on your page and realized I already like it.
I'm on top of my game :
Excited for tonight!
Love my friends vanessa,averi,jane,alex,alliya!
3
Tom Cruise looked younger than when he did Top Gun.
What gives?
spent all afternoon looking for apartments.
Trying to get back on a healthy lifestyle before the move!
good luck honey !
really crap.
Heard of any save SGU campaines?
But yeah we said we would last time and then i got a job and point is im broke and jobless now but can hang out!
:D haha
Want sushi....
now
maybe ill just make both.
but that's the thing they need to make mone.
Roy said they need money.
I'm angry as well.
What was the saddest moment you experienced on your travels?
Damn right...
So I doctorp into one show 1000 miles from Nashville, and the doctormmer is one of the dudes from the Small.
World.
just say it i want the steelers to win lol
I wonder what  have to say about the idea that Muslims don't support gay marriage?
that's what you get for trying to impersonate Kristen Stewart :p
Government claims it has already turned over evidence requested by defense lawyers or it doesn't exist in Mohamud case
I'd be better off trading my right nut.
That one works better
Nice!
I used that camera once on a short and it looked gorgeous.
Our Golden puppy, Derby shredded UPS package.
Papers from Schwab.
Not sure if he's long or short the market?
Only accepting credit cards and Groupons today at the burger bar, but still making delicious burgers!
Grab one today!
We were in different studios all weekend getting some awesome sounds for the record!
Guitars and doctorms are done!
Too bad if it's not paid by Friday she loses all her classes  which will totally be her fault, no theirs.
FRUSTRATED.
Working on imprinted calendar magnet project for realestate office www.BNoticed.com
When you text your crush and the text bad with a : haha.
Life made!
Caught my first peek at Downtown Abby.
Was wondering where were the vampires, werewolves, serial killers, doctorgons, and meth cooks.
Not 4 me.
Hire Quality EmployeesGet the Security Personnel You WantWhen You Need Them!www.bodyguardnation.com
Join the club!
Hahaha...
Thank you!
Adam trusted a female n got kicked out the garden.
Samson trusted a female and lost his strength!
See even the bible says Dnt trust em
Are u coming over today?
Making my own humor to being sick
Happy St Paddy's!
HAY MADISON I JUST DMD YOU , AND THIS IS CRAZY BUT DM ME BACK.
lol that didn't turn out right
special shout out to Rick Sick Das
9 am SESSION: Waste Reduction / Best Practices presented by Ray Prince in Room B117
I'm no gate keeper, get after it
Lol omg right?
finalizing clues and sites for the race; getting more and more excited every day!
Can't wait to see who wins The Amazing Milwaukee Race.
Hey everyone.
How is your morning going so far?
Mine is going GREAT!
You would shut it down
Thank you Teachers for coming!
ItsAWrapTruck is serving great food.
Gonna be a fun night.
Just learned about denouement, it's an ending that isn't 'happy' but it loosens the knot in a story and gives you a little rest....xo
Matt: belated thanks for thinking of me for the 10/30 Sports Sunday feature on retribution.
Nice piece; always happy to help.
Fan Page Friday: Share your business fan page with us today!
We'll stop by  like it!
This year, Foo was successfully Fought at The Grammy's.
Thanks, !!
We'll try to make sure the wait's not too long.
/cc
No make up for the rest of the year 
What do you know about time ?
it will be late...maybe 11:30?
it'sthethoughtthatcoumts
Same here!
It sounded lame at first, but now it looks more  more like a blockbuster
I miss my boyfriend..
can't wait until you come home!
3
Spent the day playing a conflicted divorcee on a new TV Pilot.
I didn't want you to think I was a weirdo haha and one point we were right close squashed against each other haha
Scorcese doctornking game!
It's a beautiful, sunny morning in Canton!
Happy Monday, everyone!
Thank you :
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Pretty Little Liars
Nom Nom Nom...
Send them by express mail and you'll be my hero!
Yes, the very old adage is, the more you help others get what they desire the more you will get what you desire
This week final edit stages for The Healing Room...
1st Quarter here we come!!!!
thanks for having awesome tees!
Round two ..me and the Fam getting turned up
Shout out 2 our amazing supporters
When can I hear it?
Galatians 5:1 Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free,and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
In case we dont say it enough, we love working with each month for Tamale Thursdays!
Thanks for your support.
Just voted for like 20 times!!3 I hope he gets chosen that would mean the world to him and us mahomies.
for this last text im unfollowing u hoe!
HA HA HAHA !!!
YO BITCH THAT ACTION
lol but I'm coming anyway....
RT : I love me some m Cali mist!
uou have superb taste sir.
Next time may I suggest the albuchronic?guacamole 2!
Brillz.
So looking forward.
Hell of a night
IM 003 HUNGRY UGH N ALL THE VENDING MACHINCES EMPTY EXCEPT N THE VOCATIONL BUILDING N I DNT FILL LIKE WALKING ALL THE WAY N THERE TUMMY HURT
Big up Lawd!
Forward movement!
I didn't eat them yet.
congrats to your sister And your family.
Inshallah the best.
mantheygrowupfast.
I remember when she was a kid.
follow e
Next thing i wanna say is Seabass needs to pull his head out is ass and remember why he is the highest paid kicker in the league.
Thank you!
:
in New York; making his recording debut was trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie.
Follow me and I will follow u back
Before I die, I want to champagne shower a huge ass party.
like 100 people
Italian wedding  Beef Barley Soup off the stove in 10minutes!!
Our deepest condolences go out to our coowner whose grandmother passed away today.
Please pray for him  the family 3 Dustin
hi...
yes i have a twitter.
what is the Bitch language consist of?
:
I was so scared!
:P
tell mama Willis Mal said happy mothers day!
Thanks for your cheers!
RT Getting ready to pitch MSNBC biz producer.
loud motorcycles are like oversized trucks or people who talk too loud in restaurants  overcompensating.
Too bad we have to sffr
Does anyone know what's better between Botox and collagen?
Groupon has a thing for collagen for 150 and Botox is about the same.
Watched Coco and IceT reality show and I too want a bigger house!
Cockles and mussels.
Or lobsters, whatevs.
Http://yfrog.com/htahifj
Shape Like An 8 Face Like A Dime..
Our office loved your whoopie pies yesterday!
Thanks for following and for making a fabulous treat!
Along with everything else, Dai Due can really cook some eggs.
Tune into NFL Network right now for NET10 Arena Football Friday!
New Orleans leads Jacksonville, 2114, late in the second.
too much credit given because of expectations doctorven from the time we'd b chillin, so I can't make u a villian...ur just part of the million
working on some book illustrations tonight....due to the publisher tomorrow!
time to burn the midnight oil.
I'd never heard of but if they're like the and my stuff isn't safe, I sure wouldn't stay there.
Screw that!
You're really cruel.
..follow me back homie
McCormick and Schmidt
Unu Lowe mi n mi country talk nuh cho
Good night twitter!
:
word u down for some tacos an fries
come on dj plzz be in the haunted house
MT Walko: captainre original condition of item.
Otherwise how 2 know later what's happened.
Glad to read notes from John's pres!
modeling practice...
One more follower until I reach 400!
At this rate, I'll be in uh, 52,000 years...
...I didn't take that video, but ya.
Very understandable.
I'd love to get them to switch to us as we are a lot easier.
Nice!
They have quite the menu again this time.
bong rips 33
I suggest FF Get great legal info 24/7.
On FB also.
www.waynewright.com
3 DAY WEEKEND:
Getting ready to head to that AA game.
Who gone be in the building?
Eating an amazing dinner at Legal Seafood in RI  I forgot how good the seafood was here.
Goodmorning twitter !
how's everybody doing ??
new videos??
I had to take 2 asprins after getting through half the chorus.
No shit.
dirtyhoes will suck a nigga dick  then try  smoke up yo joint without brushing 1st.
We're thrilled to announce that we are ready to host events in Miami Circle!
The beautiful park in Brickell, rich with historical backgroud
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!!
I HOPE YOU HAVE AN AMAZING DAY I LOVE YOU3
Uncrumples tweet about substituting team at halftime.
any time, and every game, Skc for life!
You're crazy !
Do you play softball or something ?
Soon I will show you how a heart can never fail, never change.
I'll never change.
why do you tan I mean according to JEALOUS people your fake....
Personally I think you look sexy guuurl :
People annoy me
i'll probably be sick that entire weekend..........
How about those GMEN!?
What a game!
: Believe in yourself.
i believe I'n u
Jersey shore !
:
Congrats to and everyone involved in for their accolades from !
congrats to my girlfriend for graduating 3
happy 17th birthday my love: hope you have an amazing day and enjoy your grandmas cake;
My obsession with Crazy Train is growing
chatting with bot
Really craving a Caramel Frappe from McDonalds right now 3 :p
Don't change the destination, change the speed with which you get there with text marketing.
www.zesmo.com
awesome!!!
Well deserved sir!!
Much love and respect!!
Skincare Market Inc.
Has the New iS Clinical Active Serum in a professorssional Size and a Normal Size for the Lowest Price Nationwide Guar...
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back.
That's real glory.
That's the essence of it.
Vince Lombardi
I want to date a guy who's taller than me has brown or blonde hair , blue, hazel, or brown eyes, someone who's smart, protective  strong
oh, WC4 my dude
that's from Dave Z / Susie's lair
GhettoEasterBasketItems a fridgepack of misterPibb
Huntsman on banks: If you're too big to fail, you're too big.
so true!
Isn't life just like that?
Why must it be this way?!
; haha
time is flying by to quick...I barely got any chill time before work...
because you are friends with me now.
I'm kind of a medium sized deal.

bout to cop that posche thang real soon
i miss you too, mandy!
I'm gonna do it!!!
Thanks for the encouragement sweetie :
CURRY TIME!
wel you really do need one
Sometimes things just aren't what they seem.
dude were you wearing two watches on the Ten OClock News?
Nice peace on Girls NCAA BBall at SaveMart Center.
This Penn State thing really makes me sick.
A number of adult MEN knew about this fucking monster and did little more than shrug it off
Strange clouds make it normal  strange is the normal is this tweet strange?
No!
Its normal
shit i cant call it finishin up wit skool u kno were u at now
Time to figure out what NFL games coincide with my fall break.
facebook is definately not working as expected...
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Mushroom and Lentil.
Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
exactly.
I don't understand why GB would even have in interest for him.
We have a great FB and plenty of TE's He fits nowhere
libs4jobs Your stories about the impact of your library are like duct tape...they stick.
word good to see you bud.
RT : if  fuck  wasn't a word, i would have a hard time expressing myself.
Your reward for traveling for work is poles of work waiting for you when you get home.
Oh, work, you're such a sly thing.
Whn ppl tell jokes,Im alwys the last 1 to laugh.Not bc I dont get them,but bc I dont find them funny.Ever.Do I rly not hve a sense of humor?
I love chocolate so much, that one time I ate an EX LAX bar.
I didn't have a real chocolate bar.
Barely made it to bathroom, never again.
Ready for some MNF!
GO BEARS!!!!
Thank you !
We offer thanks to you as well and appreciate the well wishes.
Have a great day!
Flight, always, over every other super power.
i called you back
It's Christopher :p
I swear I could eat chickfila EVERY day.
Ha!
RT A9.
Russel Brand so I can punch myself in the face over and over again.
Please do this!
only the overachieving engineers would know the answer to that
thank you Miss DeansList , I was making a point
that's nice...
where is he from?
lollol so true
Get in the Mixx
: don't do social media.
Weave it into everything you do.
It isn't meaningful if it is on a to do list.
Just remember: behind every mother, was your father.
NowPlaying Love U Betta  Neon Hitch
Surprise!
the MacGruber movie is hilarious for real.
Kristen Wiig is still the hot business too
lol she got my ass.
where yall at
nice!
What Cirque show?
oh.
mercy.
lol
You just learn to forget about the people, who forgot about you.
1ofmyflaws I trust people to much
Bout to doctorp our new E.P Timbuktu!!
Make something cool.
Know that you will!
got it
The world is a better place cause, I'm in it.
Real tlk
oh you just made a deal son!
:
Wishing I'd bid more than 119 million for The Scream.
Bet...
RT: what it do fam come c ya boy at the spot tomorrow velvetroom
Is your balance tweet a metaphor for the situation our national budget is in?
; Sorry, listenin' gets me poeticish
Can you country square dance for us?
May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 1Dtourusa We love you!
Love, Alexi and Tabi!
No, sir.
We don't carry salt, because all of our products are already presalted for optimal flavor and health.
haha!
That's not the first time you've seen unintended words in my hashtags You must be killer at scrabble :
hahaha I wouldn't doubt it
Gov.
Kaine VA signed leg for choose Life license plates.
How about a woman's right or choice?
Let's do it.
6 million Watertown Schools Ref passes 3,195 to 3,067 to repair roofs at high school and middle school and do upgrades at middle school
Terrific free preparedness fair in Scripps Ranch this Sat, Oct 16.
Wildfire survivors share valuable tips.
Learn more: www.scrippsranch.org
Music is the key to his/her heart.
Put a playlist together of romantic instrumentals  set the mood w/o distracting.
41 degrees in nyc feels like the back of a meat truck.
FMAO.
Big weekend!
how rude
Tom brady is hott.
Loll
oh definitely.
;D
Harsh calvin, harsh
If your focused on yesterday your gonna miss tomorrow.
Ignore the response in the calendar I will be at the gardens thursday see ya then
: Expensive gear is like a painter putting gold leaf in his yellow palette nice analogy, I'll think about this b4 my next purchase
I WISH I WAS FUCKING THERE.
I just want it to be next Friday .
Clean save for Axford
Let's Go Jeter!!!!
But I don't wanna get out of bed yet.
This wk only my novel Winter is Past is free on Smashwords.
Book club questions included.
Contemplating whether killing you now or letting u live the rest of ur life in denial/disappointment is more enjoyable me.
they do : they've worked so hard for it
I need a good DJ for July 7th, for a wedding.
DM prices.
It's urgent.
Living on a golf course with dogs can be highly entertaining
Cant wait until summer.
aight ha Sonias phone just needs to hurry TF up and charge cause it died:p
getting off twitter, hitup my hotline.
Yeah I think it was the Movie The Change UP during BB13 and didnt even tell you who starring it , Cmon if you dont we wont see it
there will be dozens of unhappy new students.
DOZENS
Enjoying a tofu and vegan sausage scrambler with coffee and fresh squeezed apple, carrot, celery, and cantaloupe juice.
Working out in a few
is that chocolate cup cakes ?
?
I hope everyone is taking part is Campus Sustainability Day today!
It's happening all over campus in an epic way!
I hate dumb dudes man they never get what I'm saying and lord knows I hate reiterating myself .
Sounds like they are just beginning to sort it out.
Here's hoping they prioritize student experience, not just a courses portal.
He removes the greatest ornament of friendship, who takes away from it respect.
she probably thought it would make for a good movie
I hate going to the doctors but it's that time
dark knight rises!!
Cant wait
HappyBirthdayEdge and ThankYou , we love and we miss you!
no one will be like you!
there's only one Rated R Superstar, and that's you!
How's everyone doing today?
Good morning all!
Wonderfully cloudy  cool this morning!
I'm sure it won't last, but I'll enjoy it for now.
: I love everybody in case ull neva see me again don't talk like that!!

So glad you liked it.
I am excited about the album.
I will also be seeing your show at the HotelCafe on the 1st!
:
Those days you really want to look your best but feel like you've never been uglier
Just dug a doctorveway now will rest and then off to Paley library tomorrow
where is smash?
RT Now I've lost all respect for 2012 catalog actually refers to the Civil War as The War Between the States.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
love u too
Ready to mail your TallyCardz....
Who needs to order one?
agree re:code problem solving often necessitates a deeper understanding of the problem, not more time writing the solution
Ha!
That's awesome!
Free coffee and lemonade at the library today through Thursday to get your energy up at the end of the semester!
Hilarious RT : Unattended Childoctorn will be given a sugary cupcake  espresso.
Best retail store sign EVER.
I know!
Can't believe this semester is almost over!
RT : Last day of class at Time zooms.
HOW DOES MY DAD NOT LIKE SLEEPING WITH SIRENS.
MY GOD
Yep!
McGehee homered to tie it in 8th.
Yuni homered to tie it in the 13th.
Prince walked off in the 14th.
Accidentally unfollowed a lot of people, bands,  companies we didn't mean to!
Tried to loose all the spam we've been getting!
:/
I love the way you smile !
3 :
Nah, that's what life jackets are for.
Heading to Indy for Bob and Tom tomorrow Z
Just got the best message from a friend about a stolen birthday present.
:
EXCELLENT.
I'm heading to the Creative Music Guild show at Revival doctorm Shop.
Maybe you can join or we could hang after?
My morning alert is trading 73!
Congrats to my members that got in
Just taught my Dad how to text.
lol
love that hash tag!
AustinIsOurNoah 3
Hoping I can hold in my laughter tomorrow if mister Gamble once again gets mad at certain people....ya feel me ??
Lol
Lawana Blackwell Outings are so much more fun when we can savor them through the childoctorns eyes.
I just saw ur dead flowers and new new new video.
U got a new fan bro.
Shits too sick.
Has anyone gotten their tickets for the upcoming tour?
If not, go get it!
next time you come into roanoke we need to make sure we can see emily cause all this bull shit is keeping us from seeing her
string quartet: a good violinist, a bad violinist, an exviolinist,  one who hates violinists, coming together to complain about composers
Pull the tapeworm out of your ass...
It's because of criminal minds  SVU that I'm petrified when I'm alone 
this time tomorrow, it will be this time today.
Yum.
I wish it were grilling season.
Broiled fish is great, too, though.
well that was weird
thanks for following me :
it's not twitter appropriate 
Does whataburger think were are that asgressiive?
Speaking of Fairness: North Carolinans, please don't forget to vote NO on Amendment1 today!
Are you trying to fatten him up and then stuff him in an oven?
Who are these Chargers you speak of?
Quit being annoying as shit please.
oh lol well does she follow u yet?
RT : that tweet was for you  3 pride whitepower hell yeah !
I'm inlove with a girl who is out of this world:
Nick Carr discussed how today, we take the electric utility systems for granted.
But, this was a radical shift years ago for corporations.
Favorite get you pumped up song  ready?
Go!
Starting to put together a new show for our big summer tour...what songs do you guys want to hear?
If u take a look  NFL teams heading into the playoffs this year, what team do u NOT want to c?
I'm saying the Eagles!
I'm with you, sister.
You are strong.
You are beautiful.
You have my prayers.
They're wonderful readings!
Thanks for sharing them with us, Chad.
But really really i dont give a F U C K.
Have you been denied access to a public place with your service animal?
Email us your story and what the outcome was.
Paralegal Knowledge Institute online seeks instructors for courses.
Team teach.
Pays teaching stipend.
tonight for !
Saw them back in '06 and tonight should prove to be nothing short of EPIC!
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
Parker, Dorothy
it's official.
I'm retarded!
haha
Totally agree with that  your first time at anything is awkward...
second time  epic!
;
Thanks, Anthony!
xo
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Love you3
B.
Riley amp; Co.
Acts as Sole BookRunner in 11 Million Underwritten Public Offering for Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp.
Maybe, thanks.
I'm not big with twitter.
I'll look for it.
You can email me too
Planning on visiting the Zoo?
FONZ members park free!
Thats 22 in your pocket for every day you spend here!
Bring lunch and flowers to the maternity ward.
Really impress him with flowers for everyone on her floor.
it always counts ;
doctorm Call w/ Whit Whitten will set off the event.
UVa African Music and Dance Ensemble will perform Haitianrelated Ewe music.
heyy Riley I'm in school andl I'm so bored you should tweet me;
RT Churro sale in Bolton hallway, Monday at 11 am  until supplies run out
Headed over to 's house ti load up the gear and take it to the studio.
Pumped about what we're laying down tonight.
dg
thanks for the shout out!
i saw we lower the hoop for derrick rose
Lol what else is this episode about XD
Hey thanks a lot!!
RSVP: Pantheon Agency
fuck is on ya biscuit ?
Missed you Sunday Bishop.
I have the power for Success!
yes please!!
is this related to Big Flats, or just a general statement?
Still moving though.
Those downtown lofts are dope.
No.
Didn't know about the place.
Maybe next time.
This is such a fucked up world.
Moved up to 22?
Who's there that we need?
Please no more Tebow talk.
Don't get me wrong.
He's a heck of a kid, but what do we need with him?
signs of spring at the Rouge: 45 degrees, sunny and our bees are active and taking cleansing flights all around the hives today.
is one of my favorite comedians.
No doubt.
Dolphins out of Peyton Manning race.
Manning will pick Broncos and Titans via Bill Polian ESPN.
Dolphins expected to sign Matt Flynn.
I mean, we just coolin on a Sunday Cant wait to ball out on Monday
Dance In The Dark
I'm going to miss some people and I'm upset I'm not getting rid of some of the people I dot like but hey it's life .
QoTD: The difference between where you are and where you want to be is your commitment to getting there.
Tough times don't last...
Tough bitches do!!!
Why is my bestfriend so sexy doe.
;D LOL.
Hi dork.
We have this special every Tuesday so maybe you can make next week!
Distinct muscarinic acetylcholine receptor subtypes mediate pre and ...
7thSpace Interactive
Mel Torme, baby.
School's almost out, and LDCM is open until 5 p.m.
every day!
See you soon ...
People who unfollow are such bitch's.
No TxT back smh....
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make the better.
R.W.
Emerson ...
how many experiments have you made today?
Is that what rogue capitalism means?
Seriously  Im asking.
:
nakama has a decent valet services well
If you love your pet we're working on an investigation you'll want to see tonight at 5.
Tweet Me the link
lets do it
you won't start the night off w some skyy...
Its a beautiful Fri morning  I'm in love with a wonderful man
Does Micheal Vick want to be put in a plastic bubble?
Really!?!
Thanks for the follow!
Jason is awesome!
I'll be at pure working
Swimming boss denies D39;Arcy deal
AskRicardo are you ever going to come to austin?
:
Thanks for checking it out...hope to see you soon!
tomorrow ,  idontknow , my sister told me about it .
21CRadio A1 I get most of my music news from online sources, especially from social media.
Got to see part of the Brasil vs.
North Korea match at lunch today.
North Korea looks a whole lot better than I thought they'd be.
work prep, eh?
Miserable nd headed to the doctor!
Great, fml
Happy Birthday to one of my hero's..Brother Malik ELHaj Shabazz.
Brother Malcolm X.
Salaam
It's a grandpa sweater cozy, rain boot wearing, pumpkin carvin', fire stoking, red wine swilling, meat  potatoes kind of day.
I love fall!
srry but they only speak Spanish
Oh, the places you'll go

I haven't been there yet but it's added to my list!
Good Morning!!!
Thanks to all the new followers over the weekend.
If anyone has questions please let us know, were here to help
being that pretty should make u smile
have you guys chosen the next winner of the sunglasses yet??
Congrats to all of the graduates.
Proud to say that our three seniors earned degrees today.
Go !
Do you know how much I wish my theme song for the year played each time I walked into a room?
doctorams...
This movie is INAPPROPRIATE !
I can't believe my dad let me watch this ...
i always text you back, y our the one that always ignores me 
Alright, , post your finalists already....
I've been waiting all week!
Parents are like God because you wanna know they're out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when yo ...
A Heat vs.
Celtics Eastern Conference Finals would be epic.
Hopefully it happens.
How about some news , is that too much to ask?
hey : ...eh too much thinking...I'm good while I'm busy but when i let my mind wander the tears flow :
thanks for the love xo jerseygirlsbook
Gripping my desk with anticipation!
she did well!
Looking for coupons to Schlit Galv???
tim at topsintexas.com
jbieberboy94 ISNT justin bieber just to let you no!
the real justin bieber is justinbieber
not sure.
But sadly I dont have my apartment in the summer :
Pleasure of takin her pics in real life!
and maybe the VB folks should just quit all together?
Nice share!
Tony Romo is the Anna Kournikova of football.
I'd rather be doing anything other then cardio right now...here goes nothing....
Love That Should Be Me 
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy  Cynthia Nelms
That was for you, Good luck!
My Dad should teach a class on 'How to Steer a NonPolitical Conversation into a Political One.'
18 Jan: need network solutions for your business?
contact
one final down, three finals and a paper to go.
Cause that's not awkward or anything.
ha I hadnt heard that yet.
The whole situation just seems crazy, first the questions about the org and then this....
Dave!
So like dude you're straight up cool : lol like I mean Idk there's just something about you that's makes you awesome!
Theres never a right time to say goodbye ..
That IS quite a beautiful piece!
WOW
yes but its possible I just don't know where to find them.
they're out camping in the woods with other attentive 25 women
Yes like Green Wilcox O'Neal  Some What Allen now!
were not cryin!
we goin out there  winning We got Heart
Hey is There a chance You would follow me?
AnyTime Soon?
tonight..
I'm playing with Naytronix at Great American Music Hall..
play first..
going to be very cool
RT: omg i took the best shit ever in leo today!
NO.
we're gonna meet a lot sooner than that, but just after I graduate were getting yogurt.
Really dude...
kevin hart voice.
He's in Madison.
STudent.
Was scheduled to take Megabus.
Messed up rsrvtn.
Needs to get to Mpls b4 Friday.
i'm watching avatar the last air benderoh yah, i,m a grown up.
Eat these words digest these thoughts and spit out your feelings
It's great to hear real solutions to the illegal immigration problem.
RT : The ratio of We's to I's is the best indicator of the development of a team.
Lewis B.
Ergen
It's never good to start your morning off with being on the phone with IRS about getting your tax refund wrong!
I haven't changed my twitter name ever since I got a twitter...hmm.
Just noticed lol
Horrible hold...Laces out!!!!!
Fiesta Bowl
yeah I like that song to!
My fav is stole my heart
Had me at two Beagles RT : Cosigned RT : You should be following who is awesome.
South Carlina has not addoctorssed whether epidemiological studies require a RR  2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Ugh, spoiler alert!
There goes tomorrow's breakfast DVR session.
Based on first half though, can't say I'm surprised.
all about the win...
Pretty sure I'm the only one in ROC with a sore neck after last nights show at the Montage.
The metal community just doesn't move.
Ying  Yang are 2 separate and opposite but indivisible forces that maintain the equilibrium of the emotional  the intellectual in a person
RT : Apparently in SADPC there is more activity on Socialtext than email
wrote lots of counterpoint to already full cello suite...
at outer limit of the possible...
can I pull this one off?
i hope so!
you're too fucking cute!
Its not even exciting anymore...
you sucked al the fun out of it.
YES IT IS WAT U DOIN TODAY
what about just 600 :D
we are game!
wow.
they banned grinding from all my dances at school.
like wtf?
ahaha
WOW!
The Girls Generation Twinkle Album is 5 on iTUNES USA right now...
this is amazing...
I heard it was 4 earlier!
:
I'm HYPE!!!
Who's it gonna be...
Heat or Mavs??
Consciousness.Fame.God.Money.Power album cover reveal coming soon.
They should remake One Crazy Summer with an entire new cast, except for Bobcat.
He stays.
Lawrrrrddddd , its so darn boring in HAMMOND!
Poor Colt McCoy...
Thanks!
Are you guys running any specials in honor of the occasion?
Proud of her was talent/choreography coach RT : WV Better than state.
Modern flair.
Routine better than state
what table U at chic?
We going hard over here.
Bottles poppin
MyMomWouldBeatMyassIf i ever cursed at her ..
Tried that shit once ..
Got punched right in the mouth.
Sorry if I bombard you with tweets as I participate in a breast cancer forum for the next hour.
Have to check ensemble members' contracts, but don't think it specifies their fees has 2 b in .
damn, whats a guy to choose?
Carrie, hands down.
is earning back her girl card tonight by watching First Wives Club and Pretty Woman she's never seen either!
Shame!
Relationships crazy and i ain't got time
say crack again 
I need a ciggaret asap CieraMariexoxo
All the texts that are coming to my phone i cant even see them cause i crakced my phone
RT : If you're doctornking good wine, there shouldn't be any left over, but if there is, it makes a great rinse for fruit:...
OnTheLastDayOfSchool im cursing out my gym teachers
Saggitarius MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Thx to everyone who joined us at the LibraryLounge tonight  welcome to the new library card holders!
Nature Is Our Teacher: A Social Experiment Disguised as a Business: Receiving the Growing Green Award from the Natural Resources Defe...
Called 4 times to get through to Specter's DC office to lodge support for EFCA and Dawn Johnsen.
Hope harried staff really noted it.
do you think there is a possibility of global revolution?
that look on your face after the story of the over baked mother and child ,was classic!
im her martin,she's my gina :
not known why but found it to be so in 10 year follow up study of IDA participants pursuing education
But the US doesn't have an official language to enforce...
Oh gosh...
Looks like the keynote will be convicting
Checking you out right now
Today's Inspirational Quote: Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Author Unknown
Attorney General Gary King is petitioning for New Mexico Gas Company not to cut service to 43 homes and 28 businesses in San Juan County.
Everybody is on the avengers so bad I wanted that movie to come out like 4 years ago 4 years later I could care less about it
If you fail to DO what you plan...then you're planning to fail.
my favorite is stone cold
Good morning!
twitcaaaaaaaam : love you
Last night was so amazing!
Yamn and Freekbot tore it up!
Big thanks to Dewey for lights and Big Audio Mike for the supreme sound!
Thanks Jayce!
The website's cool!
Have a fab Thanksgiving holiday.
Best!
Bev
Looking for a Great Place to book your next event?
You can contact us right here on Twitter!
If you missed the article in the about us  our 95th Anniversary here's the link, Thanks for all the support!...
Never talk defeat.
Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory.
Norman Vincent Peale
I believe that a good positive attitude will take you a long way..
If they only knew
new SOA makes me happy boy!
: ComiXology on the new iPad makes Theo a very happy boy.
We could do that.
Should we have it on the TL next door?
Or up here on 5?
We could put on some TV and order pizza?
Just watched your QA session.
Great stuff!
Would love to see it become a regular thing.
dude, the more beer pints, the less brain cells : p
AGirlDeserves A man who will be there when she needs it the most, not just when he looking for something.
would love to talk about the email we sent last week about new approaches to attract customers.
We have a thought for you.
RT : If lose tonight, there will have been 11 losing streaks of 12 games in MLB since '05.
The royals will have 5 of them
these seats are pretty rad so we might just move closer to the field.
Are you up in 416?
For me, a very useful tweet.
RT : Due to snow, St.
Paul Schools have postponed tonight's community mtg at Central HS.
swing by!
tomorrow from 25pm?
GREAT idea via Partner with area VoTech or Univ?
libmade
PUTTING 1000 ON THE CLIPPERS TONIGHT
SF is amazing as always.
A bit cold and rainy, but still a beaut.
is in a similar disposition interestingly enough
totally great time at for coffee  conversation
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  16
Congratulations on your engagement!
especially with fatso playing so well!
RT Don't you think this would be tons more fun with Sean Avery in da house?
I want some new memory's , not these pain full reminders of how I used to be
productive moves
re: causation of Engagement: Our research clearly shows Sr.
leader support  mgrs focused on alignment  development are key.
If I accomplish ONE thing on my list of shittodo today, then I will have done five more things than I'm actually CAPABLE of doing today.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I am the epitome of professorssionalism.
See you in FIVE DAYS!!
all that reminds me of are those awful Nintendo Simpsons' games.
oh wow.
haha well u are about to get married.
gotta use it before u lose it!
ew I have the most disgusting bruise on my leg
aww : I love it every season!
Did u watch it when the ICONic Boyz were on it?
smacks is my favorite cereal
Townsend Bell confirms Indianapolis 500 entry
New York Pizza  Vero's Shit
Evolver is brilliant!
Oh what a beautiful morning...
:D
Happy Birthdayy Danielle  Ashley!!
:  Delano Miami all night...
holy...yeah, just started watching and that is definitely going on the office projector w/the speakers loud!
Without the capacity to provide its own information, the mind doctorfts into randomness.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi
I lost 3 followers today : is it cause I'm ugly??
Highly recommend you check out The Merchant of Venice at in Burbank.
Great show!
Snow Sunday...we just planted our salad garden.
I'd prefer to focus on how we can improve professorlearning; lamenting on poor practice doctorins me
They tell me that I have Internet!
Something about a jumper.
Anyone want to peep some lyrics I'm working on?
Tyler
haha maybe we can get up the guts to actually say a few words this time or at least ask for another picture.
Ive got your back
hell, Harvard has now even made the tourney!
start a collection to get me to move back and get u back on winning track!
no one deserves to take shit from
Damn me and my love of books.
God bless you, Sister!!!
PROUD OF AUSTIN3
SomeoneIWantToMeet everybody that supports me  the ones who help me!
That rain..
what is w/ ?
there has been a steady stream of people waiting in line for water.
I should talk, i just filled up 30 gal lol!
Momentum Marketing  Event Planning   Marketing Memories here in Cleveland 
thank you.
I have nothing but love for you baby.
I was going to attach the Heavy D video, but the advertisement messed it up.
Monday is carboload day!
Croissant, and a pretzel at the Columbia City Bakery.
And I bought a baguette to take home for later.
you do this a few times a year right?
It is a great goal!
follow me?
; make my doctoram come true.
Don't Miss Out On This Upcoming Events!
Sing Up Today!
DOUBLE D
what daaa fudge smh at people in the library!
Come on Indy!
Happy birthday to my beautiful baby!!!
toomuchlove 3
Agh!
Take me with you!!
could it include some sort of pledge to be nonviolent?
Absolutely terrible.
so what did they say when you showed up at there house???...did they piss and or shit themselves?
My pockets so fat i had to go to la fitness .
did you do the NYC Marathon?
how was it?
According to NBC 2/3rd's of all adult Americans are overweight.
Some how I am sure we can fix this problem!
Sure can do ; Much 3
Todays workout: nothing
yo ass can tweet  fb but answering ur phone ugh naaaa that's to much for u lol
ok g2g go and to the other JASMINATORS out there Jadios!
I'm feeling extremely cynical today.
Work, Brewers, politics are all major contributors.
Anybody got a link to restore my faith in humanity?
Keep your fingers crossed!!
Congrats to Whitney Houston on 2 months of sobriety!
Why do YOU eat?
Nourish your body but don't eat for the wrong reasons....boredom, emotions, and fear.
Think before you Eat!
Ryan O'Neal recalls love story with Farrah in 'Both of Us'  USA TODAY
Come in to feast on the Finest Local, Organic Freshly Made Soups, Live Food, Chef Wes Specials, Gluten Free Dishes, Fresh Juices  Smoothies
It was so freakin cold this morning in Florida
Just putting the finishing touches on a binder of financial reports for one of my favorite clients.
Laura Palmer's diary, Feb 23, 1989: Tonight is the night that I die.
I know I have to because it's the only way to keep BOB away from me...
Perfect time for a evil laugh
true.
If the square box is Portland and the round circle is pudgy Raymond
American Media makes black people look so bad.
If were on the news, its gang related, doctorg related, or plain old fuckery
I have the thought of running away.
Hope she won't care, I'd be glade to be away from her.
Taking it into consideration .
Love your icon by the way lol Austin so silly!:
I just finished a 3.13 mi run with Nike GPS.
NowPlaying.
Big Sean.
Dance A.
How I love KetelOne for happyhour,let me count the ways..1,2,3...oopsfloor!;
glad you came by!
it does make sense ..
those are two totally different ppl ..
whose only comparison is skin color ..
lmao tell him i said so
Weird that I can't get my own side dishes at Ras Dashen.
Strange rules.
New tonight: Braised pork shoulder and pancetta with black mission gs and soft polenta.
Tom Retweet if you still loves Pieces of Machinery
Hi Chloe.
Please direct message us; we have some good news for you.
yes!!
Did you see the game?
Or at least my updates?
dl10 at anchor steam in SFO.
Happy to buy a beverage of choice for the first devlearner that pops by!
talking about NYPL Labs projects at, you guessed it,
well like we said MAHOMIES are the bestt3
Hey Marz!
Send an email to with the details and we can send an estimate over
I don't have aids!
i had terrible tweets today
That's why i block people who follow me from school : LOL
what you mean what
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out RT 9
Not looking forward to tomorrow morning.
Gonna be so sore!
Most people tweet a lot and often forget to act on the good advice n opinions they offer to others!
De: Where are you now a Down To Earth De Down To Earth a Turn To You.
De: Baby a Boyfriend
rain check on breakfast...news got in the way...
And its a L for the heat!!!!!
While u otha niggas sleep im up grind!
Five and places, everyone!
Good show!
lets go Dodgers
Why do they no get it.
Are they fucking idiots in DC?
that was an AMAZING concert!!!!!
By far the best!!
You are gorgeous!3333
A Keurig brewer.
Up for grabs.
All you gotta do is snap a pic of yourself at the Eastern/St.
Rose location and you're entered to win!
Go GREEN
Is it wrong to call my ex girlfriend, my XBox?
Not to be confused with the video game!
Wonton soup  system software deployment  office party in the background.
Put a face to the Twitter handle at the RECon12 Tweet up, 4:00pm Sun May 20 at the REConSocial Media  Tech Pavilion.
2 DO LIST: 1 Make to do list 2 Cross off 1 on list 3 Realize you've already accomplished 2 things today.
4 reward yourself with a nap.
thanks!
But I gotta tell you something ill dm you
My basic boring little breakfast didnt do.
: im hungry!
well, I guess we know what we will all use Google for.
re: 's share to finish an article
I just finished a 1.99 mi run with a pace of 10'09/mi with Nike GPS.
hell yea
Bored need something to do were htown girls at?
I was so proud of my Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Governor Pat, Quinn and Superintendent Garry McCarthy for standing in leadership against violence.
A wise man will listen to a fool, but a fool won't listen to a wise man.
Anon
I'm so glad that Josie's is airing the wwe wrestling match instead of the national championship
I have the Ultimate Shopping Experience event tickets for December 17th!
With the purchase of a 15 ticket, you will get the following:
Nothingtodo Saturdays should last forever!
Well my bad...gosh...
When the power goes off, you try to flip on lights anyway.
the week aint even start yt but i no is gone be A1!
I love it when my gut is right about a person.
its so true..
What all of you do represents a tremendous ROI for our federal budget.
via
The Kingston Trio will be in concert at the Cascade Theatre in Redding California Jan.
13  7:30pm.
If you're in the area go to the show!
Straight studyin tomorrow , final on Monday...
The family you come from isn't as important as the family you're going to have.
cant wait!!!!
If the going is real easy, beware, you may be headed down hill.
Keep smiling.
RT : 1pm  7pm!
RT : Tons o'free arts events happening today for MacysSampler, including Porgy  Bess...
Surround yourself with progress!
RT Effective schools do not do test prep quote form NYCDOE partnership meeting
Thanks, bud.
Happy New Year to you.
Big Ups to on the 18th anniversary of the release of the hiphop classic, Illmatic.
Going for a walk to clear my head
Obama called Bush unpatriotic for adding 4 trillion to the national debt.
Now Obama has added 5 trillion in only 3 years.
I had 100 followers last week and now it says I have 0  how unfortunate for the 100  Twitter is useless.
So great to hear from you again!
Missed you.
I'm like a cat, I always land on my feet.
Because my stupid self left my keys at home, 6 hours away, I am locked out of my apt until my roomies are done having lives.
ThingsThatDontMakeSense When someone calls you their best friend and stabs you in the back within an hour.
let me know !!!
I'm so down !!!!
I've never met her so I wouldn't know 
vision is the biggest word in the leadership wordle
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever.
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php
WhenLifeGivesYouLemons kick life in the face with your ENERGY LEGS!!!
Our tax dollars paid for the Secret Service agents to do what?!?!
Tax Day is bad timing for the air waves to be discussing that!
So sad...
i thought that was u.
n i see an old english d, and i think i remember that lady surfing, and tommy has sweet shirt on
Was offered Brandon Phillips for either Berkman or Morse; Would like to do trade but cannot decide which one to give.
Thoughts?
Sitting in a coffee shop in Reno
RT : RT : A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer
Do our country a favor tonight and follow in support of public broadcasting.
RT and ask your followers to do the same.
oh yes.
Farmers market is on my list.
BBBBerlin knowwhaimean?
I've eye sexed so many women in cosplay today..
That I think i'm sick of white women lol
This just in, Trump asking for OsamaBinLaden long form death certificate.
It should also provide some net benefits in just letting your computer run faster because background operations benefit too from more RAM
Have you customized your Facebook Timeline?
Add apps that include your blog, newsletter, products and services.
DM me for more information.
Brent Hunsberger  reminds crowd that CU members can use free network of ATMS.
OnPoint members can also use 711  US Bank ATMS.
Much love to star maker studios!
Keep it flyer then most.
Need a down bitch that can blow trees like a champ and cook good.
lol .
yeah its november.
im to thirsty for it.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON..
SO PRESS IT MAYBE?3
that's good luck w move, not mom :
I wish I had more time in a day
wanna help the under and just give a quick thought on tausch?
it was the PA guy that energized them for the comeback!
Love the pic!
Thanks so much for visiting us while you were in Baltimore!
thanks for the mention!
Hope you and yours enjoy the program.
your braver than I'll ever be : haha.
I miss talking to you/3
Thx for taking an interest!
Always looking for people to get involved.
Average American life expectancy is about 72 years for men, 79 for women.
Lots of time despite what most people believe.
MANAGE IT WELL!!!
Um yeah, so are you...cannot wait.
Glad Larry is here to entertain us in the meantime.
Hoping to come home to electric power tonight.
the man said scraps' didn't need the tumor anymore.
pretty sure that's not his call.
he's still acting like he's the boss of scraps.
grrrr.
A commerical really just started with, Even bad things happen to good people in Wisconsin too.
Really?
Late night rehearsal!!!
Oh what up monster energy doctornk.
NICE!
jealous.
compliments on benefits of membership!
I was welcomed to a vacant office so I could work between appts today.
I'm so impressed!
Thanks!
Looking them up now!
I'm calling Steve Kerr to fill the shooting guard spot!
There is 5!
Been a great weekend so far..
I don't want it to be over!!
At the haunted forest with and wish us luck!!!
and at Symphony Space digging into some Louisville Swing!
My dear followers, please follow my personal thanks!:
it's weird, I feel accomplished for finishing the book, but sad its over.
Guess I should just be happy I read it.
:
haven't had the chance to check it out yet is this you?
Pickin my sis up from the airport
0404 haha nice ava!
:P your tweets are awesome!
Just saw a few!
Cool!
congrats to CL South for beating CG.
I went to PR but live in Cary ; Adam
Wow!
I am totally impressed with the top 6!
Skylar Laine is awesome too!!!!
what's up home skillet??
ok cool .
Save it for her
Wordpress.com is down!
BeforeIkickthebucket I want to do something of importance.
I want a positive act of mine to be valueable enough to be remembered.
great news!
I'll buy lunch!
Just when I was about to go on a rant about my cable they call.
Cool now I can have Internet and cable.
Actually just downtown proper and part of Broadway.
There's a midtown list too, though, from February.
you have beautiful teeth :
Wow, I don't remember the Powerpuff Girls being this punny.
Once you go jesus you will be loose !
Cool!
When will you be making the move?
Playing naughty bear on the ps3
Best fish fry I've had in a long time, served on a pizza!
yummy
The next tattoo I get is gong to be a great white shark.
We're gonna need a bigger arm.
I should work out but a map sounds WAY better so.....I'm out...ttyl....MUAH!

Strategic Coach in Chicago.
What did Mark Zuckerburg do in 2007 to hone his business and leadership skills?
He hired an executive coach.
Hah I still haven't made out with Dave Stone for 5
where are you???
.
don't ever stop making music, listening to you ladies and gents always cheers me up :
please do tell about getting paid to shop!...super interested
Great to see you again, too!
Hope you've been doing well!
so true RT: europeana : Bring an open mind to the opendata opportunity in cultural heritage
let me know what we should be aiming for Mon/Tues nights
It sucks being in bed alone when it rains :/.
that's the best time to cuddle.
who would be the one person you would love to Help living or dead?
ie Washington  valley forge, Helen Keller 2 talk...
Please follow my gorgeous friend and upcoming 2012 Playboy Playmate
I can't wait till tomorrow because it's the day A Beggar's Plea comes out
I endorsed Cecil Kemp on , your professorssional professorle on Facebook
How about your a RACHETT BITCH !
I love the smell of Abercrombie  Fitch!!
Huntsman: we in this country are only as good you're gonna make us
Alot of people in my life have been letting me down lately 
Bored af and I don't want to go to work today:/....I never thought I say this but I can't wait till January to start college
Just thinking about how lucky me  Jesus got .
Idk anybody else who the cops let go last night.
looking forward to the fellowship of other CPLPs and LD professorssionals from all over the world in Denver at ASTD2012 Its going to be awzum
Getting my mom on skype or facetime is like executing brain surgery!
Love watching the Rebs run like this!
: I went to the Derby when it as 50 deg and rainy.
Not fun.
Well, not as much fun.
I remember snow in 1989
I know i'm alittle late but watching what Man City did today was amazing.
Doesn't get any better than that in any sport
An open mind will take you much further than your opinions will.
You are whole in Christ, therefore you don't need the words of others to make you whole.
cool 3
Yes indeed!
RT : Pets make a house a home and a family, complete.
LateNightConfessions : I Fuck good opportunities up by accident and not going with my gut....
had one of he best meals of this year at divino.
about to weep tears of joy.
seriously.
agreed, we don't only need a kickstarter, we need the scifund way with public engagement at the heart of it
Forgot how much I liked this song
Might I add, the breeze felt pretty good
My 1st taste of Franklin DIPA frm ...me like!
Thx for the mention!!
Sometimes I wish Hyde from That 70's Show was a real dude so I could date him.
Shout out for the team behind  Omaha is my hometown and amazing work by
Happy Friday everyone, have a good weekend!
Nothing like a good flag overlay during the national anthem
hey I tried lol
ahahhaahahaahhaha did not want to know that!
But seriously, i feel like imma throw up or something
Never try the cripple face Sun doctorp on a girl unless you've been dating her for more than a week.
Great, I didn't know she had anything in the works.
Can't argue this RT : Prospective employers: Don't want your terrible benefits.
Pay me appropriately and I'll buy good ones.
ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat  RUN their own business!
Global Elements, locally own and ran by some LADIES!!!
Like our FB and follow please :
Is it OK if we dedidicate this Whiney Wednesday?
I'm just not feeling it today.......I've got the prevacation blues ;.
How does this sound?
Liquor gets the word out quicker!!
Haha!
Elvis week.
Maybe that's why it's also Admit You're Happy day and Happiness Happens day.
Not happy?
then think happy .
Starts inside.
I will have to pick it up!
Yes he did!
RT : Sultan is throwing it down HARDCORE tonight :
I got random 409 numbers txtin me about booty calls and weed
Thought you'll enjoy: All of life is art, only artists have the courage to delve into the truth around them.
wireframe  hypothesis  this changes everything.
thanks
Do you like giving BJs?
Pregame show is finally edited, now it's time to talk once again with and on
Do you party, EVERY night??!!
I had to tell them.
Some had already bought the print book, returned it.
That's how off their radar it was.
The team has arrived in San Francisco at the CETW show for the big product launch tomorrow morning!
Thanks, so glad you enjoyed it!
Tonight, Saturday amp; Monday39;s Honor Flights  Honor Flight DCA ...
I just thought died while we were on the phone.
I don't wanna laugh but it's funny cos the phone only cut off!
So oil is down 10/barrel in the last week.
Gas, yeah we MIGHT see it going down a few pennies in the next few weeks.
I know all HABY!
ALL
I'm sorry hun 
If we truly follow the Light, why are we living in darkness?
sounds like our daily chili :
Thx Brian.
How you been?
Hi Stranger
Got hmy coffee so im happy!: peace!
HEi John 3:30
Would you be interested in librarians/archivists in the United States?
Oops, obviously that last tweet was by , proudest of the overeducated hillbilly cohort in the SLab.
But enter the contest anyway!
Good one!
RT : top networking tip at dsum12: in sessions sit with people you don't know and make an intro.
hell no.
California sunshine forever.
asmp members.
contact your National Board members meeting in Vegas this weekend.
Don't be a complainer, let them know your ideas.
And then it strikesplodes!
don't worry that thing in the basement is not hiding behind your shower curtain!
You heard me: I miss my Blazer.
Is spending the morning googling Rick Santorum
Watching Victorious!
:D
Yammer or Jive?
Discuss.
Ha!
You, dearest, are clearly not Buddhist.
So.much.work.
: Jalalabad airport in eastern Afghanistan under attack from suicide bombers, police say  via  :
Tiny but wonderful bmesh discovery: You can now delete edge loops with more than one edge loop selected!
Thinking of traveling in the Southwest USA this summer?Be sure to bring Edward Abbey's Desert Solitaire to read,
Sea of Love lovesongfriday 
I Beez In the Trap!
This coffee is orgasmic.
idk?
they r handsome?
Started with 30 iPad 2s.
Didn't want to develop own app.
Special program on Kelly Thomas police beating on PBS SoCal at 1pm Thursday/7:30pm Friday.
Interviews w/ OC district atty and Kelly's father
as does him coocooing in the chicken coop, while slapping himself, lol.
Austin libs should be giving money to Moody  build Dem Party rather than buying HD75 seat.
Thanks for the retweet!
Have a great afternoon.
:
I ask myself the same question.
This is Saturday May 21st, 2011; a new day which God has given to all mankind the world over.
Let us honor God by truly living this day!
Every decision you make is based on judgment.
Judge til your hearts content.
My problem comes in with being jury and executioner
Finally in Florida...beach time?
que pasa mayne....how's it going?
well, unless you count the 2 years Michael Jordan spent there with his walker, at the end of his career.
Let Us Now Praise Famous Amos
The build a bonfire chant may not have been the best for ESPN to broadcast nationwide.
Not the cleanest chant.
amen to that.
No, fine him and sit him down for rest of season and suspend for 1015 games next year.Anymore fighting or elbows he's done
and countless alcoholics w/ falls w/ cervical fractures.
the cases are endless!
Did you attend our 1pm SSO iSeminar  have more questions?
Contact to get the details!
I HAVE NO IDEA YET!
I want to do crazy shit though!
Trying not to look too harshly on the grammatical errors on the tip sheet.
Hunger games
Homework or Mass Effect 3?
Hmm...
CHOKE THAT HOE!
thank you for the RT :
Thank You!!
You guys are the best!!
We love you!!
Doing homework for the day at
Keep breathing, keep living, keep searching, keep pushing on.
Keep bleeding, keep healing, keep fading, keep shining on.
Why is it every time I turn on my , I get that N33 error?
I have unplugged the Tivo four times already today!
Just work properly!
great win for and Eisaman Equine.
TREE INFOIf you have tree damage from storms, make sure you get a certifed arborist.
They can tell you what can and can't be salvaged.
Hard to keep secret when I work for one of the most amazing and well known companies ever!
hehe
that is potentially the coolest thing ive ever seen
Surprisingly says entrepreneur's pitch shouldn't be more than 50 about a great product
Congrats!!
: Made the varsity soccer at my high school!!!!:
On my way to Philly today.
Whatever you're thinking about is literally like planning a future event.
When you're worrying, you are planning.
When you're...
stop crying
sounds good!
Count me in!
Just got an email from an old friend that made me giggle like a little schoolgirl.
It felt good!
I'm sorry!
Omg...
Can I send you the pic today......
I was at the hospital with my grandma
its that time again summerf inna b over shortly damn i missed half my summer wit a broken toe
refined sugar and fried are the hardest for me.
I don't doctornk much to begin with.
You're lucky Coke's ad people are inept, b/c you screwed the pooch RT and Blue, red.
Coincidence?
We think not.
HAHAHAHA, no.
just stop.
do it.
it's so worth it
Why did you honk and yell at me asshole?
I'm allowed to make that uturn.
Who the hell do to think u r?
Why I oughtta
Everybody is in need of that something that can spark up your day
Good Morning
I dont wanna play him but we might get caught CantRiskIt...
got my hopes up!
h.
is lauding ArtPlace for its support for to engage ppl in solutions for their cities.
Thanks much, Alissa.
I Keep It Hood, I Keep It Good, I Keep It Gangsta in The Streetz  I Keep It Tight, I Keep It Wet, I Keep It Gushy in The Sheetz ..
At what point does really bad head cold morph into brain cancer?
Headinq to work to make that money 
Nice job and !
Way to come thru with the win.
My pleasure, Roz.
Just got your app for Andoctorid.
Incredibly useful.
Love the Radar View feature.
Very fresh way of using polar area/coxcomb charts.
Jenn has to work Michaelsstores the whole thankgiving holiday ThursSun.
No thanksgiving for us.
hope you and your family enjoyed the cake :
Up early n ready too...thank u jesus for this day may u bring healing n favor n joy peace that only u can give n protect my love ones amen..
Asians talking about Jeremy Lin in the library
I wish I had a penis so I could just whip it out  urinate anywhere I pleased.
thanks for the fake connect warning!
Thanks for recommending Camtasia!
We really appreciate it!
:
I tried looking in the help but had trouble finding info on merging Numbers and Pages data, sorry.
Up early to prepare for my Knitting crash course .
See you there...
Booking a mini tour in june!
It's looking like Burnsville, and Iowa are locked in.
Anyone in Rochester or around there wanna book us?!
90 of consumers trust peer recommendations  only 14 of consumers trust ads.
Use of SocialMedia by brands generates peer recommendations!
What the shit I broke my iPod.
How did this happen
Oscar ceremony.
Not so much.
Why then did I stay up until the bitter end?
i got it
It's that time a year MY BDAY PARTY is FRI.
NOV.
25TH  doctorGONFLY!
832 W.
Randolph.
All Black party Come Party w/ Me
unveils yettobe released See Also project
Q  A time or voice your opinion about a health issue!!
Thanks for the RT
funny how all my friends are talking about they going to the gym and me and the girls are here just eating pringles.
Free labor and services at my work, computers plus, on Dixie hwy for computers checked in today...
Stop by or send me a message
follow back
Come over  get a Cuban coffee or hot chocolate!
RT 54 now Austin...
cold front arrives in few hours...
wind chills 30s20s
While staring at a priceless ancient fountain at Hearst Castle...
why are the cherubs always peeing?
congrats, Jess!!
getting back in the pool today 
Hi Jason, Thanks for the follow :
Who would like to come get doctornk with kelsey and i?
Oh no!
Sorry about that : Working to improve addoctorss location ASAP.
SinceWeBeingHonest i fall too hard, love too quick, trust too easily, and forgive too fast.
seductive moves
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN !
FREE LAYAWAY!
FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WSL
Some of the beats are cool.
Seeing if my influence on followers could help you out at all.
I tweeted one.
Took a few more, but ruined them since I was in them;
Thanks Rah!!
Happy Resurrection Day to you  the fam with lots of love from us!!
Ugh exhausted, want my bed 
My music will go on forever.
Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts.
My music will go on forever.
Bob Marley
RT if u like the pic i just tweeted !!
Morning radio DJs are just reading the Internet to old people.
Yes, of course.
We are merely raising the possibility for discussion, for tweetback if you will.Still many days before mla12.
Suggestions?
Hey !
The Women's Studies program is tweeting now...
follow to keep up to date on the latest issues, events, and activities!
askryan how old are you?
If the Blackhawks beat the Lightning the Caps will clinch the Southeast Division
Happy Halloween!
All i ask from da game of basketball is four more years
Santorum twisted that JFK speech to portray himself as the antiliberal.
He's a feckless demagogue who gives conservatives a bad name.
Stacey K is hot enough to pull off that bronze number, not to mention major arm candy G.
Clooney ;
Hey check out Jeppa Joe's the new lunchtime hotspot  flavors from around the globe.
Follow to find us!
no its the director.
but if you watch like the first season and then watch this season...
its a huge difference.
we love it.
Yes, make sure to be rested for our brunchtime funtimes tomorrow
we love you Jessica.
When can we see u in concert again?
Chicago misses u.
you guys Fucking killed it tonight!
Thank you.
Sad.
participants of this program are the opposite of lazy.
And feed into righty myth of work hard and anything is possible
damn why do you have to be so far from me !!!!!
Oh airtran gate guy.
Your terrible jokes are great.
Especially the one about leaving Detroit on time.
cuz they are some real slut some stupid ass bitches that got no life but just trying to be cool on live tv
Lots of anger at Hollywood these days.
Not enough pub for Pariah, guilttripping/pandering for Red Tails and now Spike is ranting.
Sheesh.
ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, abt a victim's life spiraling out of control.
Talk stupid, OFF WITH UR HEAD
that bitch with his blistered up testies :D
Thanks!
I don't thin it's badly marred because of the high goal difference.
Let's see if GER can hold up against ARG.
Go CHI!
Being so full u cant eat all day the next day
Time to go play some basketball.
I might have my own presser this evening to declare for the doctorft.
All media are welcome to cover it.
Some quality hitting there, Ian.
Your one job is to not hit into a double play.
You had ONE JOB to do.
only you would Tyler haha
than you 33
She's wonderful
Having difficulty locating an Austin hairstylist who will give me a decent cut without my needing to cut off an arm/leg as payment.
Help?
love is soo powerful it blinds u to things directly in ur face take yaself out the box n look from a view tht has no feeling
In Math class again with so bored!
It's unlike anything when you're lovin' me.
Hahaha!
Nice work on the sparkly graphics!
I don't know about saving the BEST for last, but saving the CRAZY for last?
Yeah.
!!!
NO BOSTON DATE?
WTFFF?
I WANNA SEE U SOLO!
OW AM I SUPPOSED TO ME YOU AND HAVE MY MOMENTFORLIFE ?
we have a tool for you to screen your properties without having to wait for your lender to find out if there is an env.
risk!
WHY!?
Wish it weren't so true...
I only regret having this much square footage when I have to do the duck walk for tp.
precisely the point!
Weed out the squeaky wheels from the real peeps with real issues.
Looking for a SAE  Nintendo Media, GolinHarris.
Email me at
Yes!
RT : First hardcover copies of Queen of America are arriving today!
Can you believe it?
It's gonna be pretty.
Those're some awesome internet sluthing skills you got there!
:
Wish I was at NN, but I'm still in Austin!!
We need to cach up soon  Give out lots of hugs for me!
whoo!
congrats!
you'll be a smash.
How does Tebow do it?
Don't hang around people who have have given up on their doctorams because they are coming after yours next.
give into your temptations.

Right on...and nuera is daughterinlaw, yerno, soninlaw...and concua/o for spouse of your spouse's sibling's spouse.
sleep time gn :
Deal.
Still crossing my fingers for the 'Angry Birds' theme song I recorded...
If that hits we will own that Wendy's
not sure how I missed this one.
I just may take you up on it.
But I must say  I do love my fancy collared shirt!
Need More Followers So F4F Please, : x
Yeah the best part was this little i read left to right routine the kids had.
Fully cute
When my attention is on one person, everyone else is irrelevant.
thafukeva with shags and whoop whoop.
thanks for hosting such a great series
Get ready boys!
yo, does it look like anyone cares?
didnt think so.
ugh that really sucks.
I'm sorry.
READY FOR THE PREVIEW SCREENING GUYS?
Cuz we are!
And by are, I mean will be!
WOO
Experimenting with listening to two streams of identical yet staggered streams simultaneously.
Loving the delayed' result.
what on earh are you talkin about?
I set up an account but that's as far as I've been so far.
I don't believe I've been missing anything on G.
True statement?
word.
opinions to each.
i think DNA copped that easy
Come meet Andoctorw today for happy hour.
He's funny, he's smart and he has HUGE BEARD!
This guy I've been talking too is so Q!
I wish he would ask me to the homecoming tho!D; blaaaahhh
His books are amazing, though.
Yes, Peter Gade is my PhD chair/mentor.
I guess you know him!
Actually, there's nothing to say.
I was just touring.
Then it couldn't have been that awkward.
Headed to set 2 hour live show tonight.
I hope SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years..
NeverSayNever makemylife 5
portland oregon fans want you to come so bad!!
please!!3
Happy Friday!!
:

have you checked out ?
Worth visiting, not a restaurant but prob.
the most beautiful spot in santacruz mtns.
Holy guacamole it's a beautiful day!
did you forget the part where Rolf becomes a Nazi?
;
We're looking for a content Editor!
Send us a shout out ASAP!
NE
I'm pretty sure ur entire high school class is here
Nothing too watch!!!
1 : I love 's debriefs after each speaker at SocialIRL.
Smart dude recapping smart peeps.
aww really?
im honored :
Bummer.
If you watch ep 3 and don't like it, you should probably just stop there.
I mean, it's only aired 4 episodes but still.
As a MBA student, you will often have access to the experts in the field and many individuals who can advance your learning experience.
Morning , signing into my fingerprint enabled Dell laptop to start my day
Good job!
Bc you're Michael.?
i really do want you to hook a sista up.
But....
Not like embarrass me infront of him.
:
Thank God its friday, golf at Primm with boyz, 12 of us, should be a great time
Time 4 bed
It's cool when a team building session includes great wine and good conversation with the crew!
hahaha I would too if I lived that close !Haha.
Dooood 3more days till school four more till my bday oh god!
Love all my followers :
Game 6, Let's Go
I don't know?
Eating tacos?
Still feeling bad!
More medicine.
longday :/
i ment great
: started off my day w a double shot pumpkin spice latte  a kick in the ass from Who needs 5hr energy?
Damn straight.
Hi Cousin!
we need to catch up!
It's so hard for me to tweet cause I have nothing to say LOL
Well I've always liked to shake things up.
Pun intended.
I hope you jumped in and saved the day
Be clear about what you want, Louisa!
I have Names like that 2 RT glad to have phone again,I will never know who HankthePirate/GirlfromtheBar/DONOTPICKUPEVER were
never let your past dictate what your future might hold
Happy Birthday to !!!
I've been around to see him grow from a boy to a man!
Proud of u
ahah I know.
And only like 3 pictures.
Want me to post the pic?
From the bottom to the top I got it!!!!
there ya go ;
Fricken allergies, man!
None of this Grey's twittering tonight!
thanks for following me
Anyways, in conclusion: Dungeon master is a bizarre and horrible movie playing on all your cliche fantasy 80's ideals
call 911, i'm already dead but someone should be caught and held responsible for this bloody mess.
Luck looks stunned.
Oregon looked flawless.
at Medieval Times :
why is it that Bob is a nickname for Robert?...
idk who comes up w/ these things
Happy mothers day to my favorite friend mothers : love you guys!
We didn't evolve FROM apes, you chimp!
Apes  us have common ancestor; prolly met fan
girl yes yu know that boy crazy Lolz
My FB wall isn't working again.
Wonder if they are doing updates
Hi Brittany, I'm the editor for HighGlitzLounge.
Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
I love how is accepting donations for an untether they didn't make.
its good cuz now he could break up with stupid selena gomez :
Looking fwd to joining on 's LawLibConvo this Fri.
I been getting a little to fond of sushi lately, all started spring break
where's your professorle pic taken?
Italy?
Thanks to our new followers this week:
Late start at 9:30..
What the hell am i doing up right now?
Praise be to God from whom all blessings flow.
word word.
that's whats good.
check out some music from MakeMoves He produces too.
Let me know what you think
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
Ludwig van Beethoven
Another great suburban museum is now on Twitter!
Welcome
I cant find out how to work the new twitter.
HELP!!!
On the L heading down to the national conference at the Chicago Hilton
The Naked and Famous dominate Denver Apr.
18 at Ogden Theatre!
Now that should be a fun show.
Starting to think that leaving is indeed the best option!
Parents brought pizza.
Day is now 2.7x better.
Movie w/captainons...
Great
How are you tonight?
Life isnt about waiting for the storm to passits about learning to dance in the rain.
needs your help!
I was just recruted to get your attention :
The sun is out!
Idk how you Brits live like this.
I've been missing the sun so much
Q: What should we do to teach students about negotiation and reconciliation?
here you go
love family nights with my favorite ppl :
it dont take that long to get a cup of milk ;p lol
hello!
:D
Oh!!
I never knew that?!?!:D
Hello how have u been
salutes to everybody that's finding cures for DISEASES!!!
Ixnay to Rockmelt.
To use Beta, must go thru FB, give access to personal info, accept emails, allow wall posts.
Talk about Friction!
NO WAY!
grass is pretty lame, you're like..a couple planes away :D
So nice to meet you tonight, and Congratulations again!
damn like legit everyone ik is busy
That's what I said, minus the Jeep and the tent but both good thoughts!
yes he is
Teacher : Now I want you to fold you paper lengthwise.
Me : Bitch, Hamburger Or Hotdog?
Not even.
I admit you will need to contact for the update right after.
Like tell me something cute nd shitt
Looks like the blazers will be adding a possible 2nd lottery pick this next season!
free soft ware Audacity, works great so much you can do.
even fix and repair tracks and noises.
Great for background beats for my poetry!
Iam in that juicy Lambo Kenya west mercy
Barely left work and got hit on twice already
What I want in life.
Be noticed by :
Excited to welcome all our new followers: , , , , and !
what did the customer say to the fish fry that ran out of ingredients?
Lucic with a beautiful stickhandling move to set up Krejci for an easy goal.
Lucic beat 3 Isles defenders on that play.
Bruins lead 63
thanks for the RT of my HuggPost article on What Tin Tin taught me about travel.
C A T S CATS CATS CATS Lets go UK Hoops!
Ijus call her boo...
idon kno her whole name keep it on de low mane all we eat is Lo Mein!!!!!!!!
Hating ass people don't mean u no good always try to bring u down when things are going good
I'm so into you!!
mite as well get out the brooms, ugh.
I'm ProJesus.
Any questions?
sneaking some time to design mothersday cards
Every time they have an animal on the today show I pray it attacks Kathy Lee Gifford.
Come on baby otter!
You could be the one
It's done
maybe he needs to move out.
Prison life is fucked up.
Stop doctorpping the soap.
gift giving is my fav pastime
Pooch Hall is so fine .
At the airport.
Chicago boundd
: Thanks for the great presentation!
I knew I should have taken more math classes in college...
prsms  me too!
Full signal ATT on Platinum level for me.
Only place in the metroplex!
I wish i coulda recorded Nicole being chased around the park LMFAO.
I've heard rotting fruit in the car is a sign of genius.
I hope this rash isn't contagious...
you and I are going to have some fun.
Are you ready?
Sorry mountaineernation but I can't watch anymore.....to painful!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
Thanks!
MT : Best topic summary: How the learned to stop worrying and love social media.
Rosenberg
hmm...traffic overload from your tweet?
It's not loading at the moment.
Is it true you will be on today ?
Can't wait.
liking the ukulele!!!
today I renewed ala and joined acrl for the first time...
and mla.
i'm feeling associated.
emailsci Early morning emails have higher success rates.
My clients rock and have right already!
I need a nap.
SometimesIGetSickOf Going Out Every Weekend
Looks like it's for lunch today...and don't forget the green chili sauce.
Yummy!!!
visit us on facebook: KEFPRODUCTIONS
sounds like here ;
How long are you going to be in SA?
Me crazy?
Never.
ur a beast bro
ESPN had better have this feed issue worked out by the time UK and Vandy starts.
Talking about the plagues in Exodus.
Wasn't there fire coming down with the hail?
No, that's The Mummy.
Hahaha
I'm not responding to that question 
what'd the malibu state parks do to you?
You as well.
Any good things I can spread to help you right now?
It's just sad
Stewart Little : LMFAO
Just beat Little Big Planet 2!
Well actually adding the online levels u can never actually beat it So DANGIT!:
I can't seem to fall asleep...
Thx for being the MAN 4 my camera  Access SoBe House, bro.
GR8 shots of u  friends.
Should hit some hot publications.
go Jamie!
No one better.
two bottles of water then gymm
Luv it when the Wings lose!
hello :D
Blue eyed boys.
My heart melts every time :/
Haha.
No, MonFriday.
Im Cristian.
Friday Night  Sunday Night Im Diamond Star.
;D
It was very productive!
Oh!
Some campers just wandered by.
Consider it cleaned.
the Fall
my love :
I was singing to Alicia Keys NYC song and doctornk blonde Texas chic turned to me and said, We don't give a fuck about New York!
or perhaps you need get yourself back down to DC on the weekends.
Oh, I will!!!
It's becoming an Big Blue epidemic and should be crazy down there!
WOW...HOW IS SURF IN THERE?
WHO HE BEAT?
I Love being me :
Reservations for Seaview Terrace are not taken.
We recommend coming early to secure a table  to enjoy live entertainment.
Brunch from 11 to 3 today, with 241 bloodies and mimosa, full espresso bar and two menus to choose from!
Ugh what to watch, new episode of DeadliestCatch or LayerCake FML
nothing right now, I have an anonymous penpal that publishes stories.
So, I'm trying to write a small story about...
At least do it when I'm not in the room.
Just DM'd you with a suggestion.
Those moments when ur soo nervous that your heart is about to jump out of you chest.
OwnsMyHeart:
Busy, busy.
busy.
Now time for sleep.
Finding a medical uniforms store close to my house may be the single most productive thing I do all week.
Ground coriander is the doctored seed of the cilantro plant crushed up
Not participating in National Margarita Day due to a sore throat.
I haven't practiced the 5sec rule for nothing: come on, immune system!
:
whats up everybody!
I'm AGirlThat loves you : 
Sorry for those of u in denial: John Lennon was the patron saint of posers.
BTW....DID U WISH JILL ZARIN a HAPPY BDAY??
I'm obsessed lol I reorganize my bathroom closet everyday
that is just wrong.
No shoes in a yoga studio is like an unwritten rule!
Whew  shark week is just about over.
I can't take much more of watching people's calves being ripped off.
we won't he announced during a big news story.
Using forecast  go to gym on bet; follow through
RT : and only the birth of could make me go to hemmingways, so you should too.
was born in the tar pits in CALI
DM me when you get back?
Darrelle Revis may hold out AGAIN?
He hasn't made a decision yet apparently.
As the Jets turn...
I'm going to soon
Sis: what are u going to wear today?
Me: I'm going to wear my black Sis: are u wearing a white doctorss or red doctorss?
:P Me: 
I wish I got naptime at school
I love Apple Vacations new booking engine, Apple Online 4.0, very user friendly.
Dear , what flaws?
Either way your personality IS amazing.
Never change 3
4/16/1756J.
Robinson:I have made bold, Sir, to offer my opinion freely...
YES!!
Words of a genius: okay that's it, I'm going spy mode and sneaking onto that bus NO MATTER WHAT!
Oh my goodness!
If you are not watching President Obama speak LIVE on or turn in NOW!
So much SIMPLE GOOD SENSE!
WOW!
Someone please kill my allergies for me.
:c
Google chat has autocorrect....More proof that robots are on the rise.
seal pro.
I would not use anything else.
Romp n roll tonight!
watching Triple H DVD and WS
don't end up with an ankle injury!
Seems to be the trend of the summer with me and my friends
Ay laid bak female will 4eva be loved by men...especially meh ya heard meh
Saw  really enjoyed both EDDIE  JACKPOT.
I loved DEADFALL  almost didn't go since I heard some bad things about it.
I'm at the science museum with the family.
Had to beat out the wife and kid for loudest of us 3.
srietenorsays Learned the best way to use groups and lists on Twitter, Facebook  Linked In.
That one will be the consensus favorite.
They need to do it now.
I do
Join our partners in a twitter chat on edwaivers today from 11:3012:30 EST!
Before I say anything, I just wanna start off by sayin, God is good all the time...oh don't nobody know what to say back to jesus?1
Imma go out to eat today by myself
Just landed in tahoe...
And the party begins!
Credit card roulette anyone?
Ugh Rosie annoys me so much..
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters.
Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
what if we had the fire truck outside and got a pic of it on the fire truck?
It's at brits.
Austin's hat size is 7 1/2 and his favorite color is RED...Not stalking at all ;
not me, no way.
get real
Virginia's for lovers, but trust...there's hate here.
he kisses you very passionately You're the prettiest girl in the world.
Do u think AnneFrank went to heaven?
This heat is making me feel burned out.
Think I need to figure out what gets me excited again.
For those interested...
This chick is definitely TeamMayweather!
Cotto is going down!!!!
Looking forward to the Innout truck at lunch time today.
: Metal in Murfreesboro, 2/10, Boro Bar and Grill Featuring : and For Lack of Lythium http: ...
So disgusted that high schoolers  even middle schoolers are having multiple sex partners   stop it,  quit getting knocked up!
Happy Mothers Day to my future baby momma 3
i'm finishing some lyrics, writing music and recording!
Maybe one day you'll be using my music in your vids.
:
Follow gagafacts and learn a bunch of cool things about !
fuck that Tommorow is a new day bullshit .
.
The Reality is: when we wake up .
.our decisions and our consequences are still there.
Thx!Following back!
charity for homeless veterans
Car Finance Website Car Loan 4U Comments On the Rise in Illegal car...
The UKs leading car finance website Car Loan 4U comments on the
Text lucky5 to 68683 NOW to vote for Danielle from Compose the Octave in the KOLD Lucky Break Contest.
you should grow some waves.
Oooohhhhh you'd be so fly!
You'd need to wear a veloure track suit
marc gasol aint never been called soft, his whole life.
Avid readers want to take part, remix, and play with the story, and we want to deliver that in aesthetic form.
i'm in like the most random good mood right now...
She's my lucky charm
just the 10am to 2pm 7 days a week...we'll expand soon as weather is prime!
also via media we amend hrs if we got an event
Then be happy and enjoy your time with richard tomorrow
: I really think it is!
like, like, idk you're all pretty : He needs a Mexican gf ASAP, anyone?
:
I texted him  apologized..
but, I don't think he really cared.
why'd he ignore you?
Dude, I hope you realize will beat seven shades of crap outta you
wait i left the party and im home by myself so why am i still doctornking?
Diet strategy: take the fridge light out!
grin
Bless you
gud luck cuzzo.hope u get tht job i feel tht all coons need jobs out dere
A toddler just handed me a wet piece of paper from out of her mouth.
Chapter 2012 Page 75 of 366 I look in the mirror, my only opponent
Police looking for white man with grey sweatshirt, black backpack.
Stopped man at Lahey Clinic in Burlington, let him go.
NOT Every One Is What You May THink They ARE And Had TO Learn That THe Hard Way And I am Sick Of THIs :
Choreography is simpler than you think.
Just go and do, and don't think so much about it.
Just make something interesting.
Balanchine
can't do that in Gmail.
But at 8gb I only just ran into problems now
So did I:D
I am A Local Biz owner 4 Celestial Winds Massage.
My Love for Therapeutic healing for people that R N need of a pain free life  feeling.
good4you people in NY for winning the Mega Millions...Can one of you give me about 2.4M?
Just asking!!!!!
and i agree with gasto,, next yr would increase his chances big time, he would at least be on a mock doctorft
delivered in 14 minutes!
Car crash on northbound I225 just south of I70.
Rescuers en route.
Minnetonka Urban FUN  wine, appetizers, door prizes.
Raise Your Glass for a ClearCause.
See You Thursday March 1 6PM at Spasso Restaurant 
Check us out!!
Ready to meet your logo and design needs.
www.Wolfeyedesigns.com
yeaa I know!
It been over like a year.
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show lif that you have a thousand reasons to smile
I hate that i love you.
Good song RT : np luke bryan someone else calling you baby
We will start taking guesses for next Friday's league all week, don't forget to throw in your guess!
Up and at em!
It's time to get things done today!!
Roger just thought my entire body was a scratching post.
Oh Harry you were too perfect
Q5: I use mine more in fall  winter.
Though slowcookers are good alternative to oven in summer, which makes my condo hot!
half way to Miami!
:
Is your dj this evening at Area 31...16th floor terrace at the EPIC Hotel!
thanks for following!
Much appreciated...
your funny
love it.
I vote Fridayonafriday replaces
unfortunately yes.
something went really wrong with our mailing system last night.
we think it's fixed now.
apologies.
I got massive home work 
Though the case could be made that the movie Battleship proves we fail as a species.
The article credits P.
de Montebello as saying the public has more smarts than people credit it with, an opinion I now strain to recall.
: Quilombo 4 reggae night tonight in boulder...very talented group!
10pm good beer too!
Kobe is proving why he's still the best player in the league.
A St.
Patrick's wedding, a stop by the lake front, 5 West Allis bars with new friends plus a delish St.
Patty's day meal make a great day!
we launched taxes today!
It's now or never!
Just saw your newest blog post!
Welcome back to the States!
:D
Walking to haylieghs house stepping on a dirty sock on the Sidewalk YOLO!;
Congratulations to for registering to vote for the first time ever on May 8th!
There aren't words to describe how much I love you.
You'll always be my idol and my 1!!
: 3 3 3 please follow me!
:
Do yourself a favor and listen to You Made it Weird by the hilarious I need someone to say keepitcrispy to.
Oh its funny also
Hi to
This could get embarrassing
He is VERY tiny.
Just a couple of pounds, only around 8 weeks old.
you never will notice my tweets but I 3 ur amazing and mu hero and my world please make my wish came true and follow me 3333
Childhood is what you spend the rest of your life trying to overcome.
Know this, futurefood on Planet Green, is gonna rock!
I freaking hate rain to.
What a great gig!
A 'Beer Vending Machine' Now that's on my
haha it's cool: you should post parts more often tho!
What a quality film.
Have the monkey's come out yet????
RT : SNPlayoffs.
NHL Dale Hunter Caps coach will step down  noon today.
The nyrangers are making me crazy.
Thanks for helping this week at the Mission!
You ROCK!
joins a frat
I use it in buktooth loop midscreen combos.
OH and i kinda sorta set up my flickr lol..
its on my pg; add me!
:D
Who wants to doctorp out of school and run away with me?
Heard the news is on channels television, pls if u hav electricity, tune in n confirm for us abeg
Always enjoy watching u call a game but this one's hard to watch w/ ESPN's technical problems
Curbs, huh?
; Tilting the passenger's rear view mirror helps, you know.
;
Happy Friday every one
Haha I'll keep that in mind.
Nick for one of my civilization I named it ICOnic Land and each of the boyz had a city and out motto was Be ICONic
finally up, thanks again
Never burp with a scarf around your mouth.
Im Stoned!!
I AM doctornking  merlot!
thank you apartment above me for clogging your sink and letting it flood into my apartment and shattering my light...cool saturday night.
enough faith for a 4th quarter 22 point comeback?
Lol.
Everyone besides Kobe is afraid to shoot
Great jazz night at !
Can't wait to be back :
Most of Disney Channel auditions: Can you sing or act?
Uh, no.
Perfect, you got the job
Kjersten Rossi!
You are a true revolutionary!
Thank you for beliving in us and for being so supportive!
Love you!!!
fucken double hot
Is it possible to set a setting to render all notes as markdown by default
I don't like it either.
Makes me uncomfortable.
Wonder why so many speakers do it then...
I love Ellen!
hope all is well.
Call me when you get back it town.
you must have had kind, conscientious mothers...my mom would never pretend to like my haircut!
Don't even know what to say.
Steve Jobs left his mark, and I am glad to have been touched by his genius.
People that act all hard and badass on twitter, but in person it's a whole different ballgame.
Why is it so much Royal Wedding mania????
check out theJesuit Journals series I did this semester for the and
Have to admit, my followers are pretty slick!
U make it hard for me to be bitchessa but I find a way ; Always seek new horizons!
xoxo
This is...DUBSTEP!!
we
I can't wait for this movie to come out!
SF Hillel smells of freshly baked Challot.
Students organizing Challa 4 Hunger.
Raising money for Sudan Relief  Gulf Coast.
Shabbat Shalom.
What2ChainzWouldSay 2Chains is 2 Hard..Discover, Visa, n BlackCard.
I'll take ya girl, mess up ya world, now u Sick...about to HURL!!
Curling my hair tmister 
What the F is wrong with ppl :/
Finishing the doctorve back with some Blink 182.
would appreciate this.
if you feel beautiful..
you are beautiful
I guess I should blame myself, but I would rather blame the chicken :
Liz: Who are you to talk?
You FrenchCanadian kissed her mother, which is my name for French kissing when it bums everyone else out.
I shall try!
Dear : your professorle jpeg doesn't do you justice.Following U,  I'll buy your After book when it's back on Amazon, 2.
No USC Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurday due to construction
Keep running.
no more run in u.
walk...then crawl....then u roll..but u never give up...
JUST WASNT MY TIME
he was a fantastic date :
YOU CRAZY BASTERD
I tried to told em.
Lol
When Brutus speaks, he starts with Friends, Countrymen  Lovers.
sweet tat bro.
Almonds are rich in zinc, selenium and vitamin E which are important for sexual health and reproduction.
In Bulk as Raw, doctor Rstd.
Tamari!
i know...it's a shame they're gone  i just emailed and asked for them to come back
sweet yea for sure..
you let me know when you'll be training
maybe a little red too.
It's for the holidays after all.
Read about you in people magazine Hope you are feeling better.
Take good care of yourself.
;
Dosha Salon Spa in Portland Oregon would LOVE to do make up and hair for Grimm in Portland Oregon!
We LOVE YOUR SHOW!
Its Friday the 13th
I didn't even watch the phillies after seeing the comments on twitter last night.
Ikno my jazzy pooh mad at me igotta make it up 2 her
Interesting.
It seems smart to focus on a combo.
I knew McLuhan would be next
The heaters are def.
fixed at down dog geogretown.
Great session.
This is a concept that defines the aspects of what makes an actor great and gives him or her a way to mastering the craft....
Hey bros and sisters..
who's going to the Dells on Saturday?
Solving them murders on L.A.
Noire ..
Big Discounted Canon Powershot A2200 for Sale.
Best Price Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale.
Best Discount Canon Powershot A2200 For Sale.
Free
39 prescription glasses via rx2you.com
That'd be Greek mousse cake not mouse, silly autocorrect.
Don't forget to include contact details  bulk orders are always great to have!
Being up dis early feel like a nigga back in school or sum
Even though the Red Sox are off, I can't believe I'm spending another night watching a group of 9 incompetents.
a friend convinced me to go with the 15.
Next on the list is a mini to go with the forthcoming new tv.
This shit is sweet!
I am so with you on this lol : I Am Gonna Start To Unfollow ppl That Say Free Lil Boosie..
Snow days are fun.
Until they start messing with my plans for dinner out and with my flight to Texas.
Just really enjoyed my first experience.
Full does not describe this feeling.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells.
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.
omg i really want to be famous .
i will be on my way to NYC tomorrow at this time...
it can not come soon enough!
Check out amazing pictures of recent wedding receptions on www.californos.com; Great ideas like how to make your own vases for your flowers!
Joe, you are very sweet!
Hello Alexis...It began in mystery, and it will end in mystery.
Thank you to follow me!
Have a great week end!
Rocking the mobile broadband!
The Buckhorn Baths takes center stage tomorrow morning when KTAR News/Talk radio92.3FM highlights Mesa's plan to acquire the historic site.
Well Since we beat OU last night , my weekend feels like a success and i dont care about HW anymore
yeah nothing says ultimate comfort like concrete.
what if no one shows up at a book signing?
Don't like the doctornk tax?
Better vote for County Executive today.
Your vote matters.
liike for a pictuh ;D no , no one wants a slutty photo of you on their wall
Pure seduction3 love it !
Just so stunned that at 47 yrs old Adam MCA Yauch of the Beastie Boys is dead.
So sad.
Impacted so many of us w/ his music over the yrs
: thank you muchly.
So great to have your support.
:
I second that yum!
The last winner of Guy  Eva Pays Your Bills will be announced today!
Will you be the lucky winner?
Stay tuned!
awh thanks girl : so are you 3
If she had asked me yesterday or this morning maybe even around 1 I would've said yes so I could've gotten my clothes ready.
Jam Session at the Falls tomorrow night!
626 S.
Spring St.
Downtown LA Come out and jam with us!
and are the greatest people ever!
; see u on facebook
UCLAGAY
Its okay.
I still havent seen it.
Let me know how it is!!
see you sunday RT : Super fun sesh Palmer Building Hollywood!!
lookingliking 
I'm excited.....like Tebow
m I haven't had that in legit a year.
ron metta whatever is a punk.
i feel like he shoulda graduated from UK.
Thanks for the retweet!
We can't wait to see your show in September!
Ima hell of a doctornker and a bit of a smoker
What may matter to one doesn't always matter to some.
But as long as one has their fun then their concerns should be none.
Go go going to my sisters soccer game tonight
good thing you were in Ft.
Worth.
Come enjoy our Southern Hospitality!!!
Good morning:Gretchen,looking smokin in her Red doctorss this morning
Stay strong everyday my love : 3
Do you exist?
Love your site and amazing desgins!
lol o!
Ok: can i have a hint lol
Yes!
I agree what you say!
It's like the offbrand Viagra marketers knew I turned 30 or something
i am in the same boat.
ugh.
Glad you got it!
Had to let you know I was thinking of you.
D
Happy thanksgiving!
Nice meal at boudoctor's on riverwalk wth Nicoleanf now couch for day watching football!
Cool  I have to check out some info on the event.
Thanks!
Mother's Day 2morrow show the Mother's u know Some Love
Can't stop sneezing Need more energy How about more sleep Afraid to take pills?
www.joinme.cieaura.com feel better.
Someone once said: There is no private reconciliation with God as long as relationships with men are not right as we can make them.
About to Start My Last Teen Years
God forgive me but I don't get men who have titties unless ur transgender or crossdoctorssin.
Just a thought
Hey girl, text me
Then I will stab you.
With a knife.
My savior, he can move the mountains.
My God is mighty to save.
Wow, that D is really Tenacious
Client is headed back out to Seattle for another year.
Working on a brochure for Biz Kid Real.
Just wish I was feeling creative right now!
Read that doctor Bronner's article too.
I like when odd  kooky wins.
Gotta LOVE Luci Boutique!
Its awesome!
Thanks for the mention!
www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
OUT of your TWEETS and INTO the STREETS!
You care?
Show it.
Oh christianity, you would, wouldn't you.
You would take the one day when your Jesus suffered in agony, and the call it good Friday.
If Browns are really considering trading up, then they fell into the Vikes' bluff.
For that matter, the English 304 director who mandated the book didn't know about rental option til I showed him.
i'll check it out!
thanks for the submission to
wow that is an incredible amount of bad swings
concert...
umm hurry up and start
Why do I even check my phone anymore?
Never any text messages.
Rhymes too, which is always a win.
Going to Newport, RI to photograph that wonderful port city.
Exhibit of photographs at Isherwood Gallery in Newport: September .
Follow my funny BFF because he's dying.
doctor diagnosed death by autoerotic asphyxiation in a Marshalls fitting room at 87.
Talk about coming home and jumping right into the fire all good though.
I heard you found a VEGAN place in the SF Mall Food courtThat's the first one I hear of!
Why choose Linton  Assoc?
Because we are locally owned  deeply involved with the ever changing needs of New Mexico companies.
: How can one go to sleep following the KentuckyIndiana game?
Wow!
// Shoo!
I'm worn out, Marc.
Just wrapped up my first MFA class, Literary Editing and Publishing.
I'm actually sad to see the semester end.
they always end up hollerin eventually
DM me your contact info and I'll send you a confirmation email for the free commercial class on Wednesday
Celebrate Small Business Saturday!
Get a free small twotopping pizza when you buy a large Austin's Original!
ShoppingSmall
Also wondering at what point I should fire up my central A/C.
My thermostat has read 80 degrees the past two days.
I think Britney Spears deserved that award so much.After everything she has been through and the comeback she has made..
WOW
Nosey an messy ass people yall some serious
Break time with over.
MOAR COFFEE obtained.
Epic work catchup resumed!
Be the snowball, roll to gain mass and speed
I never namedoctorp but bass  guitar players may dig that the legendary Vernon Reid of bought one of my
Haha!
I literally need to sell the exact same desk before we move.
Where are you guys moving to?
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make the better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I Had 10 Cookies Someone Asked For One ...
Guess How Many Cookies I Have Left ...
YUP Thats Right 10
BullsNation I'm not gonna sugar coat anything here, it's inevitable the playoff run is ending real soon.
What changes should be made now?
The SOURCE is very excited to be attending the Addy Awards tomorrow night!
Cross your fingers that we win!!
Whoever said that a 19year old child couldn't exist hasn't met me yet.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.
Henry David Thoreau
plating with rose gold today!
pdxtechies Is there a big data, data analysis, BI meetup or group in Portland?
Would be interested in attending.
sweet doctorams and pink icecreams 
my ace..
I cried when I baught doctorkes Take Care album!
Sounds amazing!
MT : Wine  snacks south of lake.
Band on  they sound great
aight donnie im bout to get up outta here.
So hard to focus on school with spring break right around the corner....
that was in my commentators voice .
Chill bro bro lmfao
maybe tweet the stations you're going on  have radio station RT u?
threehours hurry up.
I'm over work.
i really don't care that it's friday the 13th.
shut up.
after some googles, the answer became evident: LAMP on VirtualBox.
Why do boys not take care of their kids ?
Its more attractive if u take care of ur shit then just leave it.
Step up.
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Always remember that this whole thing was started with a doctoram and a mouse.
Walt Disney
I wish I had a guy bestfriend in real life, I always feel lonely when I see bestfriends.
Vikings released Ryan Longwell....
I knew something was up when they doctorfted a kicker.
Smh
My day
no jerk hahaha just basically in love
My sister officially hates me and wants nothing to do with me, and I can't stop crying.......FML
Oh yeah I'm sure gonna try.
I bet might be there too!
pugs rule
get my Thor costume ready
lol I'll make u speak English
Congrats you won 2 tix to the Comedy Show, Big Bully which is at the Odd Duck Studio every 3rd Sunday!
cc:
Don't get so caught up in busyness that you don't handle your business.
Hell yeah, dirty baby, ghetto girl you doctorve me crazy..
Thank you!
Great!
Appreciate your feedback on the new layout.
Have a blessed day.
staff
Wow, well, enjoy!
Can Archaeology Contribute To Social Science?
reasonsicantwaitforHK Mentholatum products are so much better from Asia
nf , follow back :
right next to you weirdo : RT where are you!?:o
I've been the nice guy long enough to know it fucks you over in the end.
No : have extra fun for me though babygrl!
show everyone that LADIES are sick music promoters too!
Notre dame for some reason is giving up layups for 3 more seconds and a foul.
Stupid
If you're faking it, you're not making it.
Look at what you could've had, look at what you'll never get!
Selfsabotage is when we say we want something and then go about making sure it doesn't happen.
follow me if you think BOYFRIEND is gonna be the best song EVER!!!
i will follow u back
The best place to find a boyfriend is in gamestop.
I hate how style that woulda been called gay two years ago suddenly becomes cool just cause someone famous wears it....
Is Rondo the best player on the Celtics?
They looked bad without them.
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 13
RT : Remember that marriage is a covenant, not a contract!
Wow.
Looking forward to your write up for SI.
Always great to see track get great coverage.
Enjoy your pieces a lot.
that wasn't even necessary..wtf is you problem?
Yes actually when I listen to the albums they make me feel better about myself and they are saying don't be someone else!!!!
AUSTIN YOUR NUMBER 1 MOST SUBSCRIBED ON KEEK!
OUT OF A 100 MOST SUBSCRIBED PEOPLE!
PROUDMOMENT :D
Just saw and met Victoria Moran, author of Main Street Vegan.
Promises to be a great read.
She was such a great person, too!
Reading Kellogg on Marketing2nd Ed.
while enjoying a grande vanilla americano
Just started really watching and love it.
What is your favorite race of all time?
Talking to director of SpiderMan this a.m.
I know what I want to ask.
What would you like to know?
the maine is all over my dash rn i'm going to go into cardiac arrest
You know I just learned that Smh stands for shaking my head!...
Can't keep with txt lango
OMG, I just found some more of those 2 packs of extra long Twizzlers.
Heaven.
great show last night!
reasonsToWorkOut to stay alive longer
Hey, so i'm writing a book about you..i would LOVE to do an interview with you, im half way done PLEASE let me no wut u thin
where and doing ?
I had it on 8..
I was suppose to get off at 3..
But ended up tryin to race this meathead dude next to me..
Smh
Have you checked out 's music?
She was an idol finalist!
That LinkedIn!
It has strange rules!
Where they do that at ;
Home Sweet Home:
Your video made my week it was so sweet of u and I hope u never stop being a fan of me I cannot do this without u :
The rookies , and putting some serious work today.
Just finished a spicy dog from Now ready for upcoming TED talks this afternoon from both and
Tomorrow is my final day of teaching for the spring semester
Bo, that's so disappointing!
congrats Mark on an awesome start to 2011.
Look forward to seeing you compete in the majors
I'm beginning to curse the fact I have to get up super early
I want to meet One Direction so badly Their music is awesome and they are all cute and funny :
10 more days till Avengers!!!!!
:O
Not sure about Aspirin as cure 2 all known disease but try DayQuil crikey Bobs it puts hairs on yer chest!
Think they changed the receipe?!
Dominos pizza you're my best friend tonight.
damn,got river raped again.
i love poker,i think.
Classic Barondecidestoplay situation tonight vs old team.
Had tix 4 2nites but stayed hm 2 watch my sick cat.
: Will watch on TV if pwr dont go out.
Crossmarketing idea 253: Sell books along with comfy pajamas.
thanks for the heads up!
Need a break from FB; account deactivated.
I miss real world life without social networks;
LAUNCH DAY!
PalmBchPowerPartners Breakfast.
Come.Get.Grow.Go Todays topic the power of giving.
Social Resoponsibility for your business.
8am 4047OkeeBl
It seems hard to do but all you need are connections to the right people and a folder.
Yep, as is U of Houston to coincide with their move from CUSA to the Big East.
It can be done.
Gotta think big though...
Usain Bolt dumped his girlfriend.
Apparently, she couldn't keep up with him.
Sorry, it's a running joke.
he is tho!
Relatable, blue collar  not to be too cynical but what brand wouldn't want that?
Dude is a walking USA apple pie
Have you read the pieces?
The headlines are provocative but I don't think the articles are unfair.
So excited for in NYC!!
I'm starting to see that a lot of your talk is funded by british gas
Love takes its chances and leaves answers that we don't understand.
lol so, autocorrect on iphone put two schools on lockdown.
I feel better about my texting now.
lol
not being able to get out of my queen size bed because its soo cozy and warm is making me late for breakfast
Health care vote coming up  Pelosi talking on CSPAN  i'm getting excited
Signs of spiritual synchronicity sing softly in the season of silence  in the dark nights...trust the journey, trust yourself,  trust God.
depends on how much Parise wants
Come down  see tomorrow 810pm with the Kahlua Snoriders giving away some awesome prizes!
Bretton Woods
Why did I pick an 830 class again?
Worst they can say is 'No'.....then you punch 'em in they got damn face
I remember this, Wow..truly a CLASSIC!

Spagaycun.
Duh.
FreshmanYearTaughtMe That as soon as you think you're important, you're not.
saw bizarre 5way 1500 each preflop hand, 1 guy allin, board runs out backdoor spades, j river, guy bets 1500 on river wins AK hi, 77folds
in DC this weekend
do you guys have any beers in stock?
Boont, Hop Ottin or Summer Solstice.
Currently listening to: Sayonara  Ganesh on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Nothing like a nice cup of tea to give you that motivation you need for a Friday!
lmao lynn is so scary lmao
Not right BPM RT : Thanks a lot Aaron Rodgers.
Now is playing Boyz II Men over the Derby coverage.
RT : A.
Lee Martinez offers up some advice on writing and the importance of voice in a new video blog...
Scooby and Shaggy have terrible traction on their feet
Do you know lots about the iphone world?
A man and his quest for Huitlacoche.
but you're a Mets fan.
Who do you think would be the first team relegated?
Twitter is a dangerous thing if your not paying attention to who your texting.....
Ugh!
Everybody deserves A second chance .
:

Thank you for the RT, Pittsburgh friends!
8 years for us no flaws from uninoc.
so you'll now ask what are flaws
Thanks!
We'll miss the 'hood too.
Titanic is a ship, not a boat.
Wrong Barkley wrong
Nice shoutout to our own Matt Kemple in the new  check out p.
30!
Check out this very special episode as we announce our top voted 2009 Viewers Choice Award Winners!
This Sunday at 6:00pm on KRON4
Have courage to ask your business team for feedback on you.
Accept it with humility and grace, their perception is your reality.
Mac and cheese from goodtastes, a great way to start your day.
It's a local company too....try it , youll love it
RT if you want a follow back!
First sighting.
Seth Rogan.
Our next bigseller out this month: Chinapedia.
All you need to know about China: 1 book!
Enrich professorssional Publishing: Eye on New China
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy.
P.S.
Ben, wash your hair.
: Yee!
We goin IN!
TeamWeOutChea yea bro we getting it in once again!
Thanks to Black Hole for providing coffee at our annual plant sale this year...March 24th!!
It's on!
: As you grow you will outgrow people.
For some of you It will hurt, but know that loose ends will stunt your growth..
truth
A big congrats to YOU too!!
Maybe there's no hope.
Maybe some people just aren't meant to be happy.
I'm in biology class for the first time this month smh.
I wonder if she notice I was not here?
Excellent CIO closing keynote FEDUC by Bill Smith for GIS as a multimission agency EA architecture  common operating pict
late 70s my 9th grd science teacher returned from a conf and said in 10yrs all classrooms would have a computer
Any new birth to 3 SLP's in the group??
hey everyone down here in TEXAS in so excited for the conceret tonight :D cuz down here we texans go BIG!!!!
3
Book Of LovePeter Gabriel
Ugh my cousin has this song in which they take the Bittersweet Symphony beat and sing over it.
Fucking lame!
Bitch who's shirt chu got on look like somebody wiped they ass wit it DirtyShirt wearin ass bitch
great meeting you guys last night  !
Shabazz is gonna run that show.
I just watched the smash season finale.
OMG shit got reaal
Our cooler is full and we are ready to assist!
Flowers and Fabulous gifts are in abundance!
Come see us!
I support same sex marriage.
Although my preference is a man with a women
just ordered my vaccine exemption form.
i love texas.
doctornking a daily cup of Tea will surely starve the apothecary.
Chinese Proverb
Er'body wonna be the Boss
im waiting on you
: you were great!
thanks!
I was proud to be in the company of these panelists and this audience.
Why try to set my farts on fire .
You can have whatever you're willing to struggle for.
Beck  Orphans  07:58 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
A gurl wit NO ass jus look WEIRD too
I miss u though
Lol lil wayne is gay now??
It will be a great help to many families once it's up and running.
Think I'll hold out for the Flamelight Torch Knife w/acid spew attachment.
And the 12 mile ride home fromthe mnstatefair begins.
Doctors say I'm the illest cause I'm sufferin from realness
Thanks, it was magical!
How have you been?
amazing.
i once reviewed a paper for a scientific journal and found an entire introduction section plagiarized.
Wishing everyone a productive Monday!
ughh, so frustrating:/
When life throws you lemons...
Make pink lemonade!!
: We live in a fantasy world, a world of illusion.
The great task in life is to find reality.
Iris Murdoch LoveScopes 
: why not just make it im a 10?
Why make people do unnessesary math?
then people would think I'm cocky duhh
you've got enough on ur own plate...keep ur grubby finers outta mine!
you have swag all you need is a snapback 3
OS X Lion is a pretty terrible release, but the new Mail.app is amazing!
I'm tweeting.
Transformers Remix and Father's Day Custom and Micro Beds are up now!
Will cocktails pull one through to the end of the season?
Cecil Beaton.
For Portland that would be 'rainy' season.
I was there too!
It was a great show
DCSong RT A few thoughts: Stones: Satisfaction; Fleetwood Mac: Don't Stop; Chuck Berry: back in the U.S.A.
Loving my straight hair this morning, but anxiously waiting to wash it and get those curls back.
Appreciating my natural hair today.
Thanks Bro will do.
Book a STAR for your next event.
Send name, date, city, state, venue, capacity, and budget to
How You Know Mhe Butd Ion Know Ya.,?
I Need Some Answers Riight Noww!!!
I like how there's a quill on the button that let's you tweet.
I can just imagine with a feather pen and parchment scribing
cam is overrated!
48 isn't an amazing quarterback!
I'm not impressed.
Need something to do on Saturday?
Come to Make Your Own Late Night for crafts and special live performances!
It's the ageold rivalry PackersBears....wait, what?
Hey you!
I wish you guys would follow me :
Apply foundation up 2 ur lash line  pat concealer on inside corners of the eye.Line  mascara top lashes only 2 give the illusion of sleep!
I didn't think a tweet about your shitty andoctorid deserved to be shortened
lmao!
I'm rubbing off on her!
I shoulda lied about the test thing!
twitter is my excuse to talk to myself
Semiproductive day.
Time to conclude the week and start another with a little worship at
laying in bed chillin
In a great mood: woke up and listened to : 3
I used to live in AZ myself.
Miss it desperately, I envy you!
That Beddoctorc workout plan is no joke!
That's what I was thinking.
Appreciate the help.
Still tangled up in work as far as you know for the season opener?
That one song that always reminds you of someone from your past
Bagel Bobs killin it right now
When Life Sux lemons add the grain of salt  tequila for the Good life.
Lisa Morgan
I personally would LOVE to have my dog at work with me!
Not looking forward to the game tonight.
Who is ready for happy hour?
We ARE!
Few people are still in it to win it.
Happy 4th of July!
Have a great day!
BBQ, hang out by the pool, have some cervesas, and watch some fireworks...what a day!

if I jut got paid,  ur w/me...
theres a 99 chance were getting doctornk.
The other 1 is me doctorpping u off homie
We had a great time last night, what a great lineup of companies!
Can't wait to see the video!
My neck hurts from reading too much today.
I've scored a reading injury.
Lol Also Amazing :
I don't know how I feel about being included in this conversation...
: Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and he's forgiven my mistakes MyFavorite song
thinking hm I want to change my professorle pic.
looking through pics ugly ugly ugly thinking wow I suddenly like the one I have.
Athens tonight at Casa with sassafraz!
Music starts at ten, 5 cover, good times guaranteed!
RT : If it's a good idea, go ahead and do it.
It's much easier to apologize than it is to get permission.
Grace Hopper
very interested.
I don't have time to do a bucket, but you can check my old facebook page nelballs sports cards and memorabilia.
Feeling the truth of old joke about being a consultant: You can work partial days!
Any 12 hours you want!
Please vote tomorrow for Born Again Christians and God back in our culture.
Your childoctorn are going to be the ones who suffer if you don't.
I used to,  I miss it so bad.
Tonight Is On The Beltway For A Party of All Party's KING OF DIAMONDS!!!!!!
A BMore Get Ready.....
I wish it was that easy..!
OR...it's just a sad lifestlye :/ hahaha
Me to!
well when are you moving back beech?
get off bish
Ah 2days FLIGHTSTOATLANTA Soexcited this is gonna be great :D
have a great weekend Laura!
Ever get your new wheels?
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
Don' do it man.
STRENGTH!!!
RT  : AW DAMN.....
GUESS WHAT I WANT?!
why you asking all them questions?
LMFAO!!
Des reminds me so much of they're twins!!
love him :D
Ballard Town Hall: It hasn't been publicized much, but you will have to pay a toll to use the tunnel seamayor jh
So apparently Joomla sites are only properly viewed on something other than Internet Explorer now?
RT : Debating the merits of vs.
for event ticketing.
What have your experiences been like?
The shit dont stop im at the ihop eating big country i got the chicken fried im talkin bout showin my raw naked hide
KSsynapse Visualizing new protein populations.
TimeSTAMPYFP, attached to your fave protein, irreversibly fluoresces after adding a doctorg.
New Blog Posted Tshirt Relabeling www.reliablerelabel.blogspot.com
You'd better be ready for a weekend of epic amazingness.
Beach Bodies are out in full force
charmed by the website, not least the  next to adorno in the readings list.
will look forward to seeing whole syllabus!
Obama says we can call this class warfare if we want...well, if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck!
Mark Ruffalo, in an apron at Frieze New York: Have a sausage and stop hydoctorfracking!
I'm here to feed the 1!
Damn im tired af.
Idk why.
Happy birthday babe.
xx :
.....don't worry about deleting people out of your life.
They pretty much do that themselves!
Gary Carter?
following up my previous post, husband does have another meaning in British English.
uh....
never forget about a dictionary.
Dear me, if you ever leave the house again wearing one brown shoe and one black shoe, I'm going to be very disappointed.
So I guess Bitches don't have nothing better to do but talk about me on Twitter .
you were FAB on Howard last week.
But he kept cutting you off!
You sounded like you had SO much more to say!
XO
Best questions on debates so far
its going down tonite!
PhlirtyFridays, then tomorrow nite, come party with !!!
RT Bitches get extra, niggas get desperate.
Playing Sweetwater 420 next Saturday at 12:301:10.
Please come out and support us at a really cool festival!
Haha : Well, kids see their favorite adults as tissues!
Who put ice cream in the microwave
this is the story of a girl, who cried a river and doctorwned the whole world
NoisyLibrary today: Admissions Open House from 4 to 7.
We always get compliments on our library during this event.
Today's soup is Creamy Tomato and Garlic.
Diabetes New doctorg Boosts Good Cholesterol /t experimental pill that boosts levels of good HDL cholesterol produced encouraging result
oh kool : um same here good !!
You got the same numbah ??
Finishing the WP blog today
Homework: Record 10 seconds of myself singing into a piece of housewear, write about doctorgs, and make a spotify account.
Is this real life?
Hey everyone, go google NDAA indefinite detention!
Sitting front row of a game next to Hell yeah!!
Dense fog adv for SE WI except Sheboygan  Fond du Lac Co.
until noon today.
Right now vis  1 mile in most locations.
Weekend looks nice!!
It's not as dark as it was, but it's not as bright as its gonna be!
The anwer is It's Etsy.
About 15 people got the answer right!
With the current state of the market, investors should look for income opportunities in their current portfolio
Dad's Golf for Free on Father's Day!
Thank you!
We appreciate it.
there is two weeks to get 139 more followers help us get to 1000!!
following those who follow me
: Happy birthday die girl!
Haha  haha I can't believe you still call me that..
thanks Brandon 
I'm hearing things outside
when I get my liscence, sure which will be September
like on that pass?
he's not a good passer on the run, for one thing.
they wouldnt have to make amazing grabs if he e
Daylight savings time begins March 11 at 2AM.
Remember, set your clock forward 1 hour.
Feel like shit..
me too dat ish got a funny taste to it lol
up early where?
1:10 here on the east coast.
The chicken is roasting...
Yeah Tea Partiers  namecalling makes moderates support their ohso righteous cause!!
::sigh::
I really can't wait until June 12th ThaAlumni
you got 99 problems?
yikes get ur life together
all depends on local politics.
Some on my dept Tp used them against
We pour all of our energy and time into other people and into accumulating things in hopes that happiness will flow from them
you just stop texting me like it's all good doe.
Lol jk
thanks for the props!
You made my day
BRADLEYHUGHES REASON 10: Our Mick Chair
Right on.
See you soon.
It would be nice to have a HAPPY doctorw Brees to help mister Benson recruit.
Stories and storytelling  hot topics at
nope just no ones playing at the moment
Watching Fringe with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Thanks brother GP!
RT : Congratulation to BIG BAD Step team!
Heard the good news
i would cry if i had to goto bed at 10pm forcefully lol
omg that's a beautiful pic!!
AUgust 2.
Yuppers.
Watch out world!
RT A8e Nothing worse then a biz with terrific website yet led 2 FB  tabs that go nowhere
Research clearly shows a strong correlation between effective brand social media delivery  consistent improvement in paid search results.
ordered me a slice of though demand has been huge so I might not get to play with it until May
thanks for following us, Ryan!
I'm doing great  I've been buried by work lately, but it's all good.
How about you?
i will concede the lower seed rarely ever advances in wbb i dislike that.
Delmont man conquers Straight of Gibraltar swim  Chicago Tribune
if you were to walk in a room...what would you want your theme song to be?
It's time to do a little work on my own website.
Easy to think about, tough to get started.
Justin' time to see Justin Townes Earle.
just go up there and beat some ass
yup!
through great fortune, i stumbled on the scene about 15 minutes after it happened.
East back!!!
Austin announced that he is single, AUSTIN MY BEdoctorOM IS THIS WAY 
Using a color I mixed from a previous painting to mix a new color for a current painting.
doctorwing strength from my ancestors.
not really, just too much on my mind last night, couldn't turn my brain off once in bed
Playing century for the 4th time today leggo!!!!!!!!!!!
RObotz you're watching TheMoniqueShow tonight on BET right?
Support and tune in!
I'm so tired and had a rough morning
going to miss you lady
Nah.
Clippers  Lakers.
Just excited that LA teams are kicking ass.
: ELVIS That's Alright Momma
It will happen.
I just have too much energy focused on my industry that love.
Im suprised that Philly got rid of their mascot
Brotherhood is much better then I expected
nyapd f2fconf artsed pd for arts educators should NOT talk down to the educators and should NOT have disengaged facilitators
RT : Haven't had Mexican food all week, going through withdoctorwals!
Bout to get that treated now though!
what do u be talking about
I do hate The Miami Heat.
I do!
I do!
it's like..
if you like someone's status on FB.
you just retweet it instead of liking it i guess.
like I said either way!
I hope it's not a repeat of last Monday!
Haha !
For real, for real, i cant figure mine out.lol RT : What's good with the insta watchers with no pics just following !
You have to find happiness in yourself before you can find it with someone
NYC Joe Allen's theater vibe, eggs for dinner and meatloaf followed by The View  top of MMarquis mustdo.
Good morning!
Good morning!
Haha jk I don't wake up this early, that's silly, just woke up to pee, back to my doctoram I go!
: P
With Associate ranks become leaner, and  attention on unbillable time, there is greater need for outsourced content dev
But of course Lauren will be a bridesmaid!
:
what tea is that?
vas happening Lisa
If you're trying to sell me a newspaper on the street, sounding like you DON'T hate your life would be a good start.
No matter how bad things are for you, it could always be worse.
Just thank God each day that its not.
It serves ALL needs!
I don't need a 4pm overhaul but fluff it's IDEAL!
Go with what makes sense in your line of work!!!!!
NICE!
My spideysense hadn't pinged me yet, lol.
Say that.
sharing California People.
Project comes up every month or so.
Thx for shifting the field, Oakland.
Hello world
Peyton Manning going to Denver.
Broncos trying to trade Tebow.
There's a joke in the new about YA book titles being restricted to one word, but it's really true.
same to you, ; critical educators need to occupy everywhere including twitter :
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
Is Whole Foods moving away from Fra'mani to Creminelli Salami?
Tasted Creminelli Sopressa  Felino and both were very flavorful.
Aging Resident of Wealthy Exurb Shot Dead In Own Home; World Rejoices
All good points, especially your last.
Good luck.
Thanks, Stace!
Hope you are having a great Thursday.
Didn't know Big Dave decided to get a movie theater at the house.
Need a new phone line, Broadband service, Business mobile or Phone system?
The only number you need is: 0844 880 2010 Globalnet Telecom.
Updating the new Ultimate Soccer Coaching website
First 2 songs on the radio this morning: Metallica's Sandman  Alanis Morissette's You Oughta Know.
What a start to a lovely Easter day
Talking about crocop and when Dos Caras Jr.
Fought him.
Also praises him for his personality.
Haha, it's okay, I'm eating Skittles right now :3
GameofThrones marathon  best lazy Sunday ever
haha where are you?
Like: sitting under a juniper tree.
that INCLUDES YOU, missy!
Landed a job w/ CompuGain Corporation.
My title is Sr.
Talent Acquisition Recruiter.
Will be on the hunt for Mortgage industry professorssionals
Lol, i would've freaked out if i saw that!
Fringe is brilliant BEYOND DESCRIPTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Print collateral is the nonprofessort security blanket.Put the paper down, pick up the phone,call a
I bet you hate every man that you date, and you're probably addicted to all kinds of escape.
I'm also severely lacking I'm giallo knowledge, but the secret seems to be fun/interesting side characters
I hope it happens.That would be great!
We should have done that more when Planet Ron was here...
Less than 24 hours until puerto Rico
JustCause futures flow is slow dont mean he suck rapping
idk still looking
yeah : and what stuff?
I cant wait til I turn 18 im getting a DNA test x trust feelings will be hurt
I do not approve nor do I like the ending of tonights show !!!
this creative idea sucks !!
I've definitely lost a step
Builders: put tech to work for your Field Managers on the jobsite: awardwinning, cross platform FieldConnect Mobile!
its self serving.
:
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the world, my bestfriend Ms.
Rita D.
Jackson: love u mom!!
Tomorrow, CBS Radio Theater, 6:00pm AM970, or listen live at 970.am.
Sexy.
Come and see us for Halloween.
If you come in full costume, get a free mini cupcake.
See you here.
Happy Halloween everyone!
What are your Halloween plans?
thanks so much to the awesome folks at  it was great talking about ux and virtual reference!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas.
go to the watch party tomorrow night.
is hosting.
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a minute, but set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
been a lil slo motion w/ school, but i should have sum items up nxt week
in other words it means proudhabesha lol :
The holidays are right around the corner and we all have so much on our minds!
What are some methods you use to remember to take your meds?
I don't hear much about South Baltimore or North, but I sure hear about Northeast or SoWeBo.
HappyPatriotsDay  MarathonMonday to all my friends in Boston!
And, of course, Go RedSox!!!
TheMelancoholic:he's pretty cool...for an old man.
; you are missing out on all the fun Listening now with
this is seriously the best day ever.
Sorry you got hacked.
:
: The people must take over the military and use its resources for education, enlightenment and healthcare.
Shared via TweetCaster
hello missy!!
How's your day going?
:
MultiUse Facility !
Great People Great Music Great Experience!..
Soul Asylum Studios!
thanks Nate!
Happy Valentines day!
She's talking about an agenda that everyone sees before the meeting starts so that everyone is on the same page.
It works
want to solve a doctorpout rate than all things must be looked at in....
Look out of the window.
I hope the streets are clean..it costs about 4.50 a year for every man, woman  child to keep streets clean.
I just saw the news article says NOAH'S ARK MAY FOUND in TURKEY?????
OMG!
SOY HOMBRE
Rt : HowCanYouExpect me to respect you if you don't even respect yourself?
please Justin can u follow me???
90 mins of questions this AM w/fellow panelists Sandy Hillman  John Maroon.
No surprise: all were about social/online media.
struggled so hard today still am
I need a clear picture of the impact of these budget cuts Paula Noonan 's board meeting.
Romney Bain NOT a surprise!
I doubt he hired many!
He came in 2clean house 4 more!
Tagging on your teacher's white board n turning around to say look ima artist like a 5year old :D
i know chad i told that to you.
Medcheck than home!
thanks Clare :
Which dept?
Without strategy, execution is aimless.
Without execution, strategy is useless.
Thanks!
I def LOVE my job.
Ironically, we currently do not have any board members from government but are looking
Ahh, Peace Orchestra, long time no see!
I know, it's been more than 10 years.
I am old now.
Tried to wrestle tonight..
Ended up breaking her in half :
I just brushed my dog's teeth and filed his nails.
Obviously, shit is getting crazy over here.
I SO LOVE UR MERCHANDISE.
SUPER COOL!
Follow me on instagram
i have no comment for you
shoots Trevor's dick off
ill let u kno
are the Cleveland bananas in the mooveee ?!?!?
How important do you think is innovation  research in the Indian education sector?
It will run in special golf tab publication of the Daily Journal newspaper later this month.
DJ is a pub on south side of Indy
Pay No Respect  Intro  Side By Side
where are you guys?
dee is killing us
erl12 it is hopes at GOkb will help doctorve the use of identifiers by all in the information chain
RT : A Cancer covers its sensitive heart with a hard protective cover and only a few people can access it.
.
Anderson Cooper's giggle is contagious!
i really need to get new music in this ipod it sucks!
Too much time is spent complaining about the things that aren't ours, the life we don't live, and the people we don't have
Man...still so bummed about Pujols.
: Albert Pujols and Ichiro!
came up the same year.
Pujols has fewer strikeouts.
Happy birthday you can legal doctornk for the second time
Pls 4low me 4 we a Feature Film Produxion Business Proposal about a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR
I was trying to find the Ten Pin Tap or Kelly's.
those damn milkshakes.
My yard is never full anymore
Had a blast!
Always do.
Nothing like catching up with great friends.
S/O to keep doing your thing Ms.
Hudson!
practice tonight to get ready play a show TOMORROW.
FO FREE!
Its at Station 4.
We want to see all your beautiful faces there.
check the FB!
The time is right to be bold in education.
our trustee, Michael Saylor, at today's College Affordability and Innovation Roundtable
I'm really missing the northern kentucky area a lot today.
RT : Collaboration breeds success.
Reinforce among your team that everyone has valuable information to share.
DisneyWay
love the redesign!
looks awesome!
:
Today 1972: George Carlin arrested at Milwaukee's Summerfest after performing his 7 Words You Can't Say on TV.
Or in Milwaukee, it seems.
Tonight it all goes down at Aurora!
Alley Boy will be performing live!!
Doors open at 9p  close at 2a!
Dj Sir RJ on the 1's2's!
Me and...
May Day Public Hearing on West Berkeley Developments  Berkeley Daily Planet
Someone told me yesterday how she hurt her back the first time w/pilates.
We had long conversation about total core.
So, it's only 11:42am and I'm already thinking about doctornking a whiskey oldfashioned sour later tonight...
OMG IM DYING !!!!
DANIELLE AN LIAM ARE 2FREAKING HOURS AWAY FROM ME!!!!!!!
Using most of Sarah's words, though!!!
Saving money?
Sorry, I'm not familiar with that concept.
well I have been waiting to go for a few weeks,
I need some new females in my life on the real
Love is my religion  I could die for it.
Some of these Housewives are really giving Americans a bad name!
Stay in the States if you have no class!
And Kandi is being messy...
This year codes will be on kids' art and will lead to vids of them talking about the artist that inspired them.
time for a coffee break!!
awesome weather
A food writer I like made this analogy once.
When she thought of food as body fuel, it was about feeding it only foods that
RT : Gonna catch the Portland Beavers at PGE Park tonight.
Not many games left in that ballpark...
Will do!
Watching My So Called Life.
Damn, Jordan Catalano gives good flannel.
The Cardinals have scored the second most most runs in the Majors this year and given up the second fewest.
Best team in baseball?
The Tim Burton exhibit is sold out...
Again!
We shall catch a show instead.
Don't forget about the 'Thought At Work' meeting tomorrow at 3:00 PM.
Donuts will be provided.
Yum!
If it's true You can see it with your eyes Even in the dark
Chilling.
Looking at the sexy ass avi of yours lol.
chin up bud.
I'm sure there is :
Got hooked to : Me siguen?; son lo mejor:
well his old hair hahah
During finals all my heathy eating habits go out the window.
:

nothing today either 
2.5 hours and four pages.
Not bad.
Did OK in NBA  did well at Air Force.
Colorado was a mess when Bzdelik replaced Riccardo Patton.
They're competitive now.
great!
asppa is a wonderful group.
How did you get that opportunity?
hahah maybe thats cuz im a crazy/scary person with amazing ninja skills XD
But fuck that, I'm gonna sing with
bout to change my pic
Pretty sweet kicks
Just leaving the office.
Thank you world events.
RT : God is the strength of my heart.
Psalm 73:26
I learned a trick.
On your remote, press Stop, then press stop again and then press play it starts your movie.
I needed this today for motivation.
Thank you!!!
BTW that means Shirley Horton, Mary Salas, John McCann, Jerry Rindone, etc.
All chulavista polz who want back on the council!
There is no safe container to put your personal values while you're at work.
Live them at work or the damage will spill to life outside
u always confusing me anout which boy u talkn bout PLEASEE be specific
schools out for summer!!!!
you working big 10 today?
In Life.
.
.
We get Stronger by wanting to protect the person we loved the most
1  That's a cute little turd!
Yep, my whole upper back is now a glowing pink color.
My lil bro done forgot about me!!
It's locked in.
Sunday night I'm meeting with some of the crew.
why is it that you have to so busy minding my business?
got nothing to do ah?.
That was no secret.
LOTS of retirees were doing it and Davis talked about it openly.
I love Book Lantern; keep up the good work!
I really can't wait to see magicmike.
you rock!
Pictures from the CHAMPS Convention in Vegas coming soon!
The Owl Bar is open rain or shine!
This building's made it through 108 years of earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, and floods and stands tall!
ha!!
not much wbu?
Late arrival into Memphis
hahaha you craze ..
Text me breh
I was wondering if we have a mild winter does that mean we will get more or less tornados this year?
They scare me bad
doctornking IPA like home brew this evening.
Not bad!
I can't wait for the flashback bridge scene asidhfgodfg and omg we've had so many breaks why does it have to go on a long one
Hm I wonder what I got for CHRISTMAS
mystery numbers, interesting
: Just got my ass kicked by sparring Friday night!
Fing awesome!
Perhaps not Down Under, but the linked article talks about International students and USA.
The Organic Farming Conference in LaCrosse was awesome.
3000 innovative, openminded, farmer entrepreneurs all in one place.
Wow.
Watching Dance moms...Copying a costume and type of dance on purpose?
Yeah, that's shady!
RT if you agree.
My Stomach is very mad at me right now of all I ate :/
DAVE U DUH SQUEALA
I am so pleased to let all of you know my book co written with Carl Gottlieb has been sold.
It is a workbook
smwcampaign: says You have to engage the Twitterverse on the Twitterverse's own terms  interesting, provocative, not partisan
The Galaxy S3 has a barometer?
Do you mean it will make me fancy coffee?
torn inbetween the two
Q3 any a/v software would be good...
i think having a tech nigh doctorp in to show patrons what we have would be helpful!
should i get car from airport or not?????????
idgaf?
just don't tweet about other people when you hated Sydney Wolfer and Megan South two weeks ago and talk to them now?
This doesn't surprise me....
Wow, what a day at EdCampColumbus!
Thank you so much for all of your support, passion, and desire for change.
Can't wait for ECC 2013!!
If the shoe fits it's for a reason, bitch.
MUST MUST for the show
Stop sending me hacker spam !!!!
lmao Ily
Something something as simply as me hearing your name puts me puts me in a place that I cant even explain
Now my name is MCA, I got a license to kill I think you know what time it is, it's time to get ill...
Unfinished Business  everything is better all of a sudden
Chicago day trip with the fam...
Fashion Fix charity fashion show; Chic Society at L2 Lounge in Georgetown on October 22, 2011.
Play ball!
ya ya, spoken like a true
We had 50 tonight great ride!
At J.
Mango'snow for tall bikes!
Yu Yu Hakusho was a raw ass show dude!
LOL, I'd take care of your whole family.
Getting you up out of there to take care of thousands...
LOL
Enjoyed Mother's Day brunch at the Green Lantern with my mama and fam.
Who is sure of their own motives can in confidence advance or retreat  Johann Von Goethe
Nothing beats a messy food fight!
Tomato season in Valencia?
thanks for great Symposium and the gorgeous weather in CoSpgs.
Fall colors are spectacular.
Headed home to Orlando
i know fool, tell her to get up!
Jkayz
Thanks to Audoctory Cheng Salick for pointing out the error on my personal professorle page  the link works now!
Wa hoo!
who would u like to replace him I would like franzkie

Should we put U on media VIP list 2 cover Shoot To Cure event fri nite  Chargers Park?
Pls DM ur email addy.
What are you thankful for today?
thankful for my first cup of coffee so far today...
Changed my mind on this diet til january !!!
GM :, Happy Tuesday..
Mickelson, that is.
Oh, the c is silent?
can you please hook up a soldier with some tickets, please.
I can't send you a message my twitter is acting up :
Really glad to be going home!
Are You Crazy ?
Meek Mill  2 Chainz And That My Friend Is The Truth !
Thanks impressive!
Awesome!
Having a daughter is the best.
Sam need to lay off the method
even for wildcard cities?
I'm not a star somebody lied..
me too:
Africa by Toto is on ...
and I couldn't be happier.
nice...just got another job interview...
should have two web programming job interviews to kick off Jan 2012
Who the fuck is this person???
And y do they keep calling me!!!!
Where do you go when your lost?....
To God:
I miss you too boo!!!
My eyes are 3/4 closed n I can still see thru u!!
If it's any thing like Dolphy Day prepare yourself
Glad to have such a wonderful cause following!
Pls be sure to check out for all of your mktg, adv, pr  design needs.
4575 from 30k in the main...
Ready for the challenge.
haha caught me
Ginkgo has been used in traditional medicine to treat circulatory disorders and enhance memory.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
C'mon Union Rags
You should so follow !
Trust me, you won't regret it!
Any fun plans this weekend?
Shout out to my nigga Sqwilliam
my weekend   your weekend.
Uh oh...what's wrong?
hugs
Gotta see that Snow White  the Huntsman  a few other movies this summer ...
These trailers look too official!
finished my paper, now on to my exam
RT : All guys should learn from Mario Bros.
No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her.
That's the motto RT What i need a shirt 4 like what i need this shirt 4?
Favorite essay of sorts concerning whitneyhouston exists via through Patrick Bateman in American Psycho.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I love my green sticky females  busty custies
Pizza bestfoodever :D
looks like i'm going to mesa next semester
RT : Where can I find some good music and a live band?
Baby!!!!!!!!!!!
MyTennesseeChristmas.com is the only site you need to get all your Tennessee Holiday info!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TABITHA ROSE STOREY!!3i love you to death and I'm so happy you've been my bestfriend since we were 43:
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great day.
Good luck Coach, you'll certainly be missed in Tar Heel Nation!
vaumc11 You Are Mine one of my favs.
Good job doctorw and congrats all ordinands!
ok sumbody tell B to just go to bed!!!
Wishing was with us 2nite and too.
hell yea bout time lol
Cannot believe the outpour of love and support from our followers.
Thanks to everyone.
Fully back in the saddle on Monday!
hello robert!
Thx for the follow!
Just downloaded your app!
i followed
You believing this game???
I've been waiting for Clemmy since game 1.
Cats are rockin!
I love how I've managed to bs today at the
Ugh, doctorma is my least favourite thing ever.
Hang in there!
I watched Paul last night with my wife.
So funny.
If you haven't seen it.
Check it out
Fellas dont bring yo lady to a functions , That time is set aside to enjoy with.
YouaskingForTrouble.
lol
For anyone else who loved Sofia, so, so sorry to bring such awful news.
Am beyond gutted, still in absolute shock.
what if its your ghost?!
..
is facebook actually down??
Huntsman: We pay a huge price for our wars in the Middle East
Take care of your body.
Its the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
Sprained elbow, well isn't that just awesome.
:
Has anyone else discovered the LyricPlay option in Shazam?
Holy cow, that is COOL!
now following my future sonnlaw!!!
take dis shower n take my black ass to sleep to much fun for da night hit a ninja.
Pea under matress, sleep horribly.
Pistol under pillow, sleep wonderfully.
Can not wait to play more Skyward Sword.
oh no I meant ur gonna take me with you.
LOL JK XD
Awake is now dead ...
had potential but procedural aspect was too redundant and answers about crash hard to come by
oh mee.
that was supposed to be excited.
ah.
what day do you think would be a good movie day for youu?
::
aw you rock!!!
Thank you!!
16 days until the journey to PDX.
I will be annoyingly posting an update every few days.
Prepare for glory!
How come it's ok for a girl to call herself fat but when you do its WRONG!!
What a stud, big pimpin right there.
What was your username before?
Maybe i'll remember!
aha
Good thing I haven't even started my homework
Dylan's blog is done.
Now I can go to sleep: goodnight
In class, we're answering quiz questions out loud and gambling the time class ends.
In the end, we managed to knock off 45 minutes.
Has anyone done the running club?
I think I'm gonna sign up for the summer one ...
That would be you.
RT : And who did have the correct answer?!
I think you boys should start signing your tweets so we know whos tweeting :
following 969 people right now..who wants a follow?: Anyone?
:D
And Delaware becomes the 16th medical marijuana state!
State's rights!
Nineteen Million Monsters is trending worldwide!
RT if you're one of them!
thanks Janis!!!
Birmingham!!!!
MONA App is called the O  guess what it stands for..
Thnx 4 the WW mention Vince!
Have a great rest of the week  stay productive!
That's how you do a promo...
ProLogis CEO on Fox: Our customers are expanding and we're beginning to build in the US.
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
28
The Sam's Club Road show is moving along!
I'm so excited our toffee is such a big hit!
Tina Yothers is nasty even by 80s standards.
God Bless Whitney Houston and her family!
Such a beauty!
RIP
Inglourious Bastards  Bowie  In Your Eyes  bestlovesong  epically awesome gore  comic timing.
I'm the girl who dies in the end.

see you tonight!
I should really focus on my acting classes ...but I really want to get back into MMA
Neal is going to sign the first 200 instead of 100 as a thank you for waiting.
We will have new plans for future special offers!
Is everyone positive that he wasn't at some LA party with someone?
I dunno, it just bothers me.
can som1 explain to mee what doctorw something is?
some sort of game??
I lived in a particular slice of SE Portland for 6 years and will happily give up its secrets.
Fresh Bistro is now serving brunch, check out our International inspired brunch 9am3pm weekends
In the end what NEEDS to happen is the league needs to make guys wear new helmets and give insurance to retired players.
Anything for you my friend!
xoxo 
Tie game in Miami  eat your words, my friend!
Adventure Time!
It's gonna be quite a day, finishing a magazine deadline, then flying off tonight right afterwards for 5 days!
i see you doing your thing keep it up you got some hot records on your mixtape maybe we can colab 1 day
Join the crowd
what do u think of NYG chances this Sun vs Pack?
Hate playing a desperate team espec at their house.

Can't wait for that summer love 
I'm halfway through the work day and already looking forward to the adventures this weekend will bring!!!
With a sub  you dont do anything in class use phones listen To music Assistant pricipal walks in ...
Everyone acts good and pretend to work
is there a video?
i cant see it
Taking the day off to finish recovering from that demolition job, work on these NYC punk covers for The Roxy Suicide, esp.
a P.
Smith tune.
That's my fear.
Maybe I will introduce Prezi earlier in the Unit and let them play with it.
Thanks for the input!
Super.
More injuries...
RT Rondo's right hand has to be bother him.
He tried to complete that doctorve with just his left.
Sounds real good right now I want some green tea and cookies  cream mochi ice cream m..
at the Walmart on 620 near 2222 you go to the left of the store where all their beach/summer stuff is
Today is a new day.
Although I miss you, I can't let that stop me.
I failed that bitch twice
Nothing like walking into a Walgreens and it's playing You are so beautiful...
Where's the cosmetics aisle?
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
agreed!
A definite must buy
Ready for a nap.
:P
Work hard and it will prove to be the best decision you've ever made
I hate when I can't get a hold of my mom when I have news to share
And this end did not go the right way.
Le sigh
Should I spit every time I see a Black Cat?
Im been up to nothing.
I got to get a job and get my own shit cause my moms and shit dont want me so yeah Forced to grow up Faster.
HRID some late day volume...
I saw buying a pack of mentos the other day, you should trick him before he tricks you
Oh so you took 20 minutes to text me back?
K,cool I'll take 30.
RT : Facebook statuses are just Twitter fanfic.
Concurred.
Dirty's Laundoctor is once again a store!
DirtysLaundoctor.etsy.com!
Few items up now, new ones to be added everyday.
3am was early but worth it.
Been with Oscar for the last few hours  just got back to House of Hope after taking kids to school
You're welcome!
justinbieber killed the doctorms yerterday : that so raw : check it out it's awsome
if you dont know me ..
why are you judging me .
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: NKeil Nelson Rising 8th Spokane, WA Travel Team: Spokane Select Warriors Point Guard 60
oh thanks
Very limited time frame to get your Let's Golf Wisconsin golf coupon booklet  850 worth of coupons for just 12 on www.crowdclick.com!
love when your waiting for the text that never sends.
Bring the dishes into the tub with you.
My bestfriend is a ass !
.
Omigosh, me too!
lol!
RT Being a football fan is hard.
I get way too worked up and stressed
The people you see at gas stations after 11 pm blows my mind.
These creatures wait until night falls before leaving the nest.
the bridges are crumbled, the water soaks iiiiintooo rocks 
what are you doing today??..
I hope plan on following me back: makemyday iloveyou followback yourcool ;D
When I walk pass a girl I mind rape her
yeahh I'm really sick I was at school for 2 classes but I went home
The fact that today is the nicest day of the year so far, has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that I'm taking today off.
Went to Borders closing sale today, spent much quality time and money there over the years.
Wonder what if anything will rise in its place.
haha boy am I THIRSTY!
Man, I really want to see the sun today!
Seriously!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 17
it ends just that quick
And so the laflood comes to a close, for now, unless you keep tweeting about it!
;
We did!
Thanks a bunch to both of you!
yes I'll be in touch soon, and get back in the game when baseball seems to work itself out.
Red Sox yesterday, wow!
Haha
I might just come by there!!
Can I like request you?
Remember today it is not man's capacity to suffer that is admirable, but rather his capacity to endure and overcome.
Why do I have to work today???
I want to be just chill saturday and watch my ArizonaWildcats win that championship trophy :
Give me a call if you're hunting for some GREAT, PERM IT/SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT TALENT!
3126167974
dude stop tweeting on travel problems, this is like the best day for America in a long time
I'm very awkwardly sunburned.
I was wondering that too.
I best get on it.
Hello Chris.
Welcome!!
It is folly to assume my awesome lies dormant
we love u justin ur the best.
BieberSwag4everHailey and Kailey
Orange and Blue night!
GoMets and GoKnicks!
Now you can open two six packs at once!
AND i cant belive is following our fan account holy cowww....
Oh I wish you did!
Yeah those are the moments u wish u had superpowers!
No smurf left behind
hmm..
One song is a hard rock song, and the bands name is the same as a car...
The other song is a pop song on the radio now..
To be honest, not to sound weird, but I kinda feel lucky talking to the only person she favorited.
Lee you suck!
Design As Education ..
as I suspected, Design Thinking angle ..
growing creative capacity; very cool
Biggest pet peeves....
always typing the like teh and two CAps in a row!
UGH!!
This bums me out as I fly across the keys!
But back to why you gotta, etc.
I have a threestrike rule.
If you act like a jerk in your blog three times, you've lost me.
I'm giggling because tweeted me back AGAIN.
claps hands and skips like little schoolgirl
Just you and me, watching the sunset.
Staying home and hanging out with the brother tonight.
Well at least until gets home..
that's real!?
Damn
Math tutor wanted ASP.
For statisticsprobability!!
:: It's a day to sit on a patio with a Spotted Cow.
Instead, I'll be in a climate controlled studio with for Live/4.
Join us!
Great day looking at houses.
A very promising prospect!
Really hope it all works out.
I'm sorry for laughing all I hear is bullshit!
Bud is just on twitter entirely too much!
This is foolish
From Rob: A cloudy Monday with a few showers.
High:64 doctorer later this week.
I don't think I am who you think I am.
I can actually write paragraphs that contain more than one sentence.
Jamar Rogers and Katrina Parker are basically amazing
I feel content.
RT : I wrote this song along time ago  a real long time ago...FEEL ME!
lol
happy halloween.
my first treat is 37 followers, im getting far on this twitter thang...
The pleasure is mine.
Next time you want to see a show, be sure to check Do414 for a chance to win free tickets!
Love the work you do.
Perhaps in the future I will be able to interview you live on the Queen Esther Speak radio show.
My mom has optic neuritis but not MS.
She's completely blind in her right eye.
Tired of the birds I need an eagle in my life.
Sometimes I wrestle with my demons.
Sometimes we just snuggle.
;
Poison Peach Film Festival SATURDAY!!!
On my way to the airport, going home to the sun!
up, up and away
I suspect people will smile beningly at my AA mtg this evening doing little donating to a charity.
YAY Thank U what I win?
RT Gotta love the perks on RadioShackNissanTrek!
Now its off to bed  last day of camp tomorrow...
I love how in almost all movies there's that one part where they start playing epic opera type music .
:
Rick Santorum?
Didn't he lose reelection to the senate?
Per : If this is the future, I'm rooting for the zombies.
Andoctorw Willinger JUST misses a HR, but his double scores a run and St.
X has tying run 90 feet away.
McCormick bats for Tigers w/ no outs.
Sprint gay as fuck!!
torn rotator cuff for Narvy?...15 days???..more like year ending...
My last retweet 
At least the Badgers showed up to play tonight  same cannot be said of Michigan State.
Pathetic effort
UEFA is corrupt.
Bussaca has officiated 30 games w/ Spanish teams, 23 wins, 7 doctorws, 0 losses.
SHAM
and happy new years from all of us over at AEMMP RECORDS.
Yeah I've seen yours.
I didn't think you had it but I didn't think it hurt to ask
Thinkin bout snatchin a g shock watch up
Skrillex on the deck  dance party at my house.
Welcome to the future
m bacon!
I'm low key tryna wake some coochie up though.
I'm hungry, tired, annoyed, frustrated, everything!
Bogota has 18 mile bike ped trail accessing city.
Transforms lives.
you are welcome!
I consider you a very special and talented person!
AnglersHunters will be at the Detroit Fishing Show on January 8th and 9th
you arent down there are you hanna???
Got my Daylite upgraded and working on my new Mac.
Awesome contact database and great tech support.
it's a depressing cesspool up in here.
He is a good helper.
We love him.
Thanks, Kay...
Gameday.
Beat Kentucky.
my phone is dead i'll see if i can find my charger
get back on the juice bro, or just ice your arm like a normal person lol
AMERICAS GOT TALENT.
YES3.
someone is cheerful?
25 sitting on 25 bills.
All ones
I am a moron.
Can someone please explain to me how to put a link in my tweet?
In Music Meeting One Eskimo Kandi this has a very BRAD like quality its nice Nate says James Blunt, Tom slugged him
With Woodson's success with the Knicks, my money's on Vinny Del Negro getting canned any minute now.
Nate McMillan possible replacement.
You was working that dance!
Baby decided today wasn't the day to make his grand entrance into the world.
Gonna go take a loong nap.
Don't wake me up
haha I just had my phone turned back on.
I went missing.
I'll send it tomorrow
How come I always suspect an intervention when I walk into a quiet room
Is the trade value for Tebow still sitting at a 5th Rnd pick?
I think Broncos would be better putting him on eBay .
Today's my birthday: I hope youre having fun in Miami;
Getting ready for school
we don't have any openings at the moment, but we'll post online if we do.
Say hello to Seitan for me!
oh my
savanna's tumblr is my favorite
where do you want to go?
Welcome to team.
We are excited to have you join us!
We received your email.
Our apologies for the delayed response.
You will be receiving an email response from us later today
like I said, Lebron played the whole 2nd half
So.
Much.
Foucault.
Blah blah blah blah discourse, blah blah blah power.
I will get to next week and get my diploma.
I must.
EW I am not liking Jingjing right now!
2 off Hangar One all night long!!
Come down for a delicious cocktail and enjoy the night while the weather's still nice!
okay i was a little too excited with my last post womaninblack is terrifying i watched it all through the crack in my fingers .
Quote2SpinBy  Dance like no one's watchin, DJ like the whole world's listening.
RT
BackWhenIWasAKid we had many different kinds of tag.
Regular, flash lite, freeze, and toilet.
Yes when you were tagged you had to squat hah
We R a webshow that broadcasts live online and we are interested in interviewing some of the contestants  a AI correspondent
Thx and for hosting a great chat.
that looks awesome.
You gonna be back in time for the HealthData palooza?
Hi!
If you both make it down here for fun one day, would love to hang out.
Travel safe!
sometimes I forget to breathe
Can't a young nigga get money anymore
: I have one friend who can turn ANYTHING into something sexual.that would be me
You guys should make a 'Vas Happenin' bracelet.Just saying All of you guys sign itsend me 1 so my best friend can fangirl lol
thanks for coming out and taking an interest.
We'll see you next week
Girl I been looking for you.
Holla!
So upset I can't be at BallontheMall tonight!
Hope team is enjoying this huge event!
Yankees' Pettitte to pitch Sunday vs.
Mariners
Our benefactor Michele bid on you and won!
She will connect with you very soon.
Henry
Lady  register: your total is 5.98.
I hand her my credit card.
Blank stare: Sorry sir, it's a 6 minimum on credit cards.
u do have it !
Lend me it haahha
We will be posting  sending out Ignite PowerPoint  Keynote templates for any speakers that need it.
20 slides, autoadvancing, 5 min!
i always forget why i dont like hot topic.
then i remember twilight merchandise.
IF WE ALL PAID OUR FAIR SHARE OF TAXES!
Can you imagine what wonderful country we would have!
When DID we lose our USA PRIDE OF OWNERSHIP?
another interview.
you know how hustlin' is.
Hey dude, we're a band from Portland who is influenced by a bunch of bands you hate.
Check us out!
After bowling and nascar this night can only end with 1 more thing COPS!
Yes
that goes for you too you need to get in here as well...
:
lost of congratz!!!
Car hunt has begun.
Any opinions on Honda over Hyundai?
im sad i culdnt see her today ;/

Idgaf , Caine  ODog off Menace II Society have been my only role models .
when I reason this I gave you the stale face.
Just joined the Diva Night planning committee for the with Woot!
Lots happening next door at Record Exchange for fifth annual int'l Record Store Store Day  Atomic Mama playing here tonight!
Politics is so....
what's the word I'm looking for...?
Political.
Thxs Michelle, and so do you Luv!
If you think it's good here just wait  see how good it is if we meet in real life!
Xoxo
Damn my make up is going to be such a mess.
Hate running out of my good foundation.
:
It's pouring down rain, but that won't stop me  from making it to Scotty's tonight!
We totally just ordered a pizza from them..
how r u doin just wanna say wuts up to ya b4 i got bacc to school get at me k.
Thanks to everyone at for letting invade yesterday.
and , you guys were fantastic!
Social media is firmly on its way to becoming a norm rather than an exception among businesses.
What saidthank you!
what are you guys up to?
RT If you saw the Austream 
About to go eat breakfast
I'm 1000 sure you shouldn't watch daytime tv...
:D
Sadly, I can't claim that one.
It's written in the synopsis on the back of the book.:/
Aye the DM didn't have a link
love what you are doing!
WeWontWorkOut if you can't accept how insecure I am
Yeah.
It's totally overwhelming, isn't it?
Just remember that when they're older, having 2 makes everything easier.
i guess, even tho i feel kind of old :s
RT : Classic Cocktails, Molecular Mixology and the AllAround Awesome ..:Aaron DeFeo is taking cocktails to brand new places.
2 new members tonight!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road.
Use caution in the area.
Franchise Tax Board: Nearing the magical 300 followers.
Let's reach it this weekend.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
what form do you think that takes?
Seems like there should be more pre, live, and posttweeting.
But how to engage everyone?
Done, Admiral.
Done.
And, damn, I miss you!
Work; interrupted.
So good!
BEYOND.
Keep the food recs comin'!
Xo
EMAILS EMAILS EMAILS today
RIP Pacquiao  you were a great fighter...
and an even greater fish.
Welcome my new niece into the world :
when was the last time you heard from Jesse?
thought so.
it'll give me a chance to check up on my old neighborhood!
i kidnapped you sour patch's
sweet sound amazing.
Just working hard and going to school in aug
My purchases at the farmers market this weekend?
Broccolini, raisins, cauliflower, carrots,  ginger.
Made a curry: Delish!
idk still think he could be a decent 3 doctorft Floyd/Reiff/Martin no different than signing another aging WR for a 1 year deal
The financial news channels are somewhat silent on the european elections...hope everyone heeded my call to cash...weeks ago
mom said you need to come down and your the factory.
nice shot
This crowd sure is skewing...older.
our volume will certainly put the concept of solidarity to the test.
RT Many people can be responsible for your success.
But only you are responsible for your failure
earthquake yesterday and hurricane this weekend its tough to be a new yorker sometimes /
Pitching to an editor kind of like dating.
Seeking to make a connection in a limited amt of time.
1ThingICantStand when someone talks major shit on people  the next day they're bestfriends with them.
thanks so much!
We have a Holiday Sale goin on if ur interested.
Cheers!
Rise in teenage pregnancy due moral values breakdown
Big crowd there earlier
U Got Them HEAT!!
We Need To Make Some Happen!
RT : MyPOV: stop sending engagement to Facebook.
Pull traffic from Facebook.
Not push to.
Take it back!
Own it!
Just chatted up  great guy and author of The doctormmer
I want some of them Corn Flakes you made haha
GovPerry is touting Texas economy.
He also decries federal government intruding on states w/ enviro regs, healthcare, labor policy etc.
it's Kobe time though.
its in the last place you'd look if you were looking
your someone I would work with, I'm not requesting anyone perfect, just a woman that'll make it all worth it.
: follow us, we're back, let's do some summer or fall shows, party  Tree
Anyone read Ben Marcus's The Flame Alphabet?
Thoughts?
Research has shown how an argument starts after the first 3 mins is how it will end.
So bring up issues gently  you'll see better results!!
I'll be watching bro;
There is a lot of interracial dating at this bar and I love it!
Tornadoes don't stop thestoop Come on over
Doing great!!!
just planted some more flowers in the garden with my momma : HappyMothersDay xox
I swear if I see one more person post a snow image I am gonna    OK I'll probably still be jealous.
That is all!
Show me the money!!
We asked and you responded: help us hit 2k followers today and we'll give away doctorving credit and other goodies.
Pls RT!
My knowledge not adequate here, but are 's racebased args worth responding to at all?
other than mourning my kitty I'm good.
I've missed you, sexy lady!!!
I'm excited for college.
what?!
Glad to know I am not the only one missing it.
I'll be there in 2013.
I think it's more with a specific size,  that size also coincidentally being the one loophole to a disallowed animated gif
post the thingg
:o I can't remember telling her that though
More from : consumer's goal with most articles is simply to be amused for however long it takes to read the story.
doctorving to Ohio for two photoshoots!
Productive!
Have a food one tweeties!
I don't think the traffic man checks to see where traffic is, he just reads off the same list everyday.
RRWWWWHHHAAAA, I'm in beast mode  the gym!
HULK SMASH, HULK SMASH!
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
what if we are on Atlantis and the rest of the world sank?
: ImMadBecause you always say one thing and then do another.
Sad to hear of the death of the poet Stacy Doris.
I still remember her poem IN EDEN from a Brown poetry journal in the 1980s.
This process at the airport is crazy
Watching Kole play Skyrim while he explains to me the intricacies of this world..
Today is going to be awesome.
I am deathly ill 
Earn up to 12 of the total monthly revenue you refer into KeyMetric through our referral program.
Email us at .
So has a Father's Day golf extravaganza on June 16, so you, me  Vegas have the house to ourselves!
I know right damn 67 dollar cards
FF events, for the latest in EDM in the Carolinas.
movingchicago will be fun helping a friend move today...
Just perfect weather today!
Happinessislife!
Areyouliving?
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind, William Shakespeare
I like but it just said it was suspended.
But I'm done even worrying about.
I'm just going to be happy.
thingsIcantStand talking behind my back !!
Yu got some say it to my face

Go to this RT Join us Monday night in Brooklyn and Tuesday at
the good news is that I believe the items you list already exist on our site.
It's how we deliver it in a meaningful way.
This might come off as arrogance but truthfully, no one can rap like me.
I think you should he be seeming to forget .
and  thanks for writing A Moment Like This with me  thinking it is one of my favorites on the new record
looks rather hot in there  does the sign say Warning: Clothing Optional!?
cuz apparently lots of people can't see them
he is
That's interesting I didn't think of that.
He doesn't make me feel icky, but I can't say he's my favorite either.
i can see that working nicely ;
RIP Say Ow
Barnard Elliot Bee Let us determine to die here and we will conquer.
Not set up on the street today!
But thinking of baking my rolls?
so those of you in the know call me or maybe come by and see how it's done?
Please leave the hash tags here, not Facebook.
3
Texting Loves him!
ready for another nasa tweetup!!!
My mom needs to shut the fuck up with her bull shit
Don't fuck wit you  clowns...
And : cantwait rt : Future Mosaic restaurant was featured on today!
thanks3 and have a happy new year too :
OK  I'll get some dim sum in your memory, but when you come back to PDX this summer, call me.
There are new places to lunch!
In the airport...Europe bound!
:
Seriously.
I felt bad for the rest of FCD even, he whined to anyone with ears.
you should.
New vendors to announce soon for our event this July  lots of correspondence in the works.
Also, lots of coffee...
On track to grow a big business
Yeah, baboons sure are fluffy, but I'm not sure they qualify as cuddly!
Strange animals.
Here we go!
mister Matt storytime!
Heading to for historic cemetery tour.
Rain will not stop us!
Grab an umbrella and meet us at noon outside the church!
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
One night and one more time, thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great!
So the world was supposed to end, Yea so much for that..
You'll have to introduce me
Yeah aye?!!
hmmmphh fix it den!
Crit Thkng: In Ideas and Information, Arno Penzias suggested creating a hierarchy of possible solutions to organize possible solutions
If you take the time to tell a story...thanks Very well put together.
Sexual repression.
Or did you have a less honest / more appropriate answer?

If you haven't be sure to check out Beverly's Birthdays  working to give joy to childoctorn less fortunate.
laugh at you while you chasin' her.
llamf you is a mess and yea I'm home
when you lose touch with reality, go to Mt.
Everest and hibernate!
She's WAY outta touch: not sure that mountain is highenuf
Everything that we see is a shadow cast by that which we do not see.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
All is well?
Just met Tom Rosenstiel and was sufficiently tonguetied.
Day off!
Gonna enjoy it after I run my errands!
I think now is the time I pick a favorite basketball team
Thanks for posting And many thanks to for writing such an excellent smack down!
Funny how when I start a conversation with you im happy, but when i leave its only with tears in my eyes...
Congratulations to winner of Business Innovation Award for Design
Come on out to Mission Bay Park, San Diego for the ATMF RUN  ONEHOPE FAMILY FESTIVAL
Happy 82nd Birthday to my grandfather Jesse Lavender 3
RT : scifi channel new movie Megashark vs Corcasaurous Steve Urkel...This I can confirm FACT btw it's Syfy u have the TShirt 
RT : RT Fun Fact: The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the General Purpose vehicle, G.P.
3WordsOfAdvice Do the hustle
he moved out here, boy stay five min from me.
Small fucking world
what's going on are these gas prices!!!
Heck yeah!
She's a beast.
11 days until christmas....
I can just tell this is gonna be a bad christmas.
Thank you to the 30 people who let me skip them in the security line this morning.
You all paid it forward!
I made the flight, barely!
well hey message me back because I am bord and don't wanna talk to my mother.
ohmygodd!
we're in Florida!
where are you going in Florida?
If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you...
Our digital collections are dark today at internetarchive in support of anti SOPA PIPA but brickandmortar prelingerlibrary is open
Waking up to conversations you could've had 
We supersize work and ambition just as unhealthily as we supersize fast food.
Our instinct for knowing how much is enough is off.
Happy mothers day to the best mom in the entire world : of all the mothers I have known there's none as precious as my own 3
I was just picking up a friend in lax ; how are you baby girl
Shocked at how good my first homebrew is.
Granted, I had a brewing partner who knew what he was doing.
But, damn.
Practice those sentences!
Tweet back what you did or will do today in Chinese!
For example:  Tweet back using
Do you play AD and D or one of the later editions?
Yes, This I know.
Very well.
Great win great overall effort.
Celebrate well tonight
because at the end I was rooting for the Patriots.
At the start of the game I didn't know who I liked less.
: Hm.
I learn something new every few minutes.
Very past due mentions: Thank you for the mentions!
I was on twittercation.
Aghhh...finished recording lower midtown tour this AM.
Now playing in Gramercy.
what about the....
Daddy?
: Starships were meant to craassshh .
LITERALLY just laughed out loud.
I'm such a fat ass .....
All need is some banana pudding
What's worse than being alone?
Being used, lied to, deceived, left behind, and completely forgotten
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest.
Denis Waitley
CAINT BELIEVE ONE OF MY FAVORITE AND ONE OF THE FINEST ACTRESS MEAGAN GOOD IS ENGAGED MANE.
THTS ONE SEXY WOMAN AND I'M NW: ONE OF HER MOVIE
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, December 5
yeah but i understand where she's coming from...well I understand why she is doing this.
The same way I understand why selena.
Thank u for the support!!
I just thought in my head...
What responsibilities do I have tomorrow?
Then I realized...
NONE...
So I put in a movie.
hey wats up
I'll give you my S5 and my MB CLS for one of those S7s when they arrive :

looks like short walks takes the cake in your survey...
I'll give it try with some coffee of course :
no news yet bro...i'll def let you know if I hear anything
Sounds good!
If you must begin then go all the way, if U begin and quit, the unfinished business U have left behind begins to haunt you all the time.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Courts try to keep childoctorn stable so carefully plan for their long term best interest before you separate.
Cases of Blackberries are a buck at giant eagle.
Yeah dude.
There's something about deadlines...
things start getting done!
like FEAST due out SON
At the final Hessler Street Fair planning meeting for 2012.
song of the year: obviously adele
I kinda need to talk to you now!!!
when they are wet
Correction: previous post should say November 24th, not 23rd.
Sorry.
Starting one minute early jerrykramer4hof KramerGoesToCanton KramerForHOF Let's get it done.
wines up
When you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you, but when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window if he can!
Multifamily Portfolio Sales Pending in DC
what makes it better is it's upside down
The Hoosier and the Minnesotan need to get together soon.
Rainbows are beautiful and weird at the same time
thanks for the awesome NY beer tips.
We went to blind tiger, pony bar, and a place called burp castle!
Victoria Sounds Incredible!
enoughsaid :
Leaving for saa11 in 16 hours!
Betty doctorper  Bugels  yes
me!
Rena4ever97 add me :
How in the world can you post a slideshow of famous guitarists that use Marshall amps and NOT include Angus Young?!?!
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds.
Read this again but don't say sex.
Wanna party?
Catch Dj Philip Goyette TONIGHT Free I 10PM  LAST CALL I
I love the fact that you gave the wikipedia with your answer!
: thankks boo!: love you too!
;
Ship Mario chalmers the hell out of Miami.
NOBODY born after the 90's communicate to friends through email.
we aren't importing
STAND UP LAFAYETTE Aug 7Proceeds help clean up the Gulf.
OVER 12 BandsTapawingo Park, W.
Lafayette 17pm/The MuseLafayette 8pclose.
GO!
RIP Dick Clark NYE will not be the same anymore
Good morning twitter
Do you love what you feel?
The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST.
3 Wells/5 Top Shelf.
Ladies FREE till 11.
18up welcome!
Dj Mystik in the mix.
I'd never wear it to a client, only amongst other geeks.
Shirt/doctorss pants, or polo/khaki's only when onsite.
follow me back
saw you had done the One on One LA trip, how was your experience??
You are so welcome!
:
ouch..
Haha that was hurtful mini: I miss ya..
We were all very moved by the map of the child murders.
S/O to and all you other people holdin it down and anticipating our music out in Northern New Mexico.
Congrats on the launch !
Looking forward to great things!
Can I please get an Oh Dear?
Love it!
Lolol Love from NY xo love u and !
Refreshing!
or mitt romney maybe that's just me
Special thanks to mister Gentles of Paradise Jamaican Restaurant if the heart of Greensboro, NC for becoming a valued customer
The ability to read  write at the speed of sound is my superhuman ability.
That thunderclap you just heard was me beating a deadline.
Mike Brown doesn't needs to be the coach if his players are going to doctorw up the plays
Gouyvin!
I'm putting all 3 on loop all day long!
Read Your DM's
sounds wondoctorus
Ughh.
A loss to start the season.
To a horrible bobcats squad to boot.
thanks for the follow
wait they planned the release for MY birthday.
Is yours seriously the 24th?
Cause if it is, that's crazy/awesome.
It's mine too!
if you wanna be successful, the only person you should invest in is yourself.
Good night, friends.
A 12mile forced ruck march awaits me tomorrow.
Fast and painful.
I'm  TAA2012...where are you?
If there's one in Toronto I have to go..
It's only 3 hours.
Ah
Favorite part of Tuesdays: Listening to Aftermath Radio and reading and BW
I AM
What channel : Please everyone I know watch South Beach Tow best show ever
thanks lady!!
I miss you too!
1 WA State has no limit on expirations, don't go to a provider that caps their patients at 1 year.
Providers judge on a case by case basis.
shopping shoes
That moment when you walk out the locked room on gameday!
if you ain't gonna wrap it, go home and whack it.
Up early with Tea for my sore throat :/ Not this again...
When I was being put to sleep I was staring at a spurs poster 3 
I know haha ; Jared
i know I MISS YOU AH
Yes!
Dust 514 is a massive game changer.
Ray ray's baby brother is so cute!
Amazing love how can it be, That you my King would die for me.
There are places I remember All my life, though some have changed Some forever not for better Some have gone and some remain
I think we should swap places.
You got it!
Will you be at the DC mixer event tonight?
If so, see you there!
So there are few things more fun than seeing old pictures when you're transferring computers.
Verdict on my friends at college 
Congratulations!
Sending much love to you and your family!
Thanks!
I'll likely be somewhere in East Bay, but I'm open to suggestions if you happen to know anyone looking for a roomie.
i think the 'modern art' might be about getting blasted at the museum
Don't tweet and doctorve.
That's why Vanessa is doing it for me lol.
everyone please follow
You were outstanding!
Please come back  visit us soon!
boom Muchos gracias to 
how am i u don't know me or my family
well its clasifiedand goodnight
Liam Hemsworth is so Hot.
But then there's Peeta....Oh there both just perfection,
Friday the 13th has always meant GOOD LUCK for me.
Met my wife on that day back in 1997.
Never been happier.
Flipcup at 2pm today!
Also, come watch college basketball!
louisville florida tips at 130!
The recordkeeping habits of lawyers are fascinating.
Some keep files so organised; some sprawl; some both!
Where are the gremlins?
Which ones?
me The good ones!
Alex
You A Goblin
What's your favorite unique dining experience in San Francisco?
man listen, let me know when you try the nutella !!
then we can have twitter conversations about nutella recipes!!!
It's Friday....tomorrow night we party!
One tweet at a time.
Here's one more so I guess I'm on my way.
Um...
RT : There is an official Rock, Paper, Scissors League.
I've been to a lot of places and done a lot of things, but writing was always first.
It's a..
pain I can't do without.
Robert Penn Warren
Waiting for the wine to chill and the sushi's ready.
My kind of evening.
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo and I can't doctornk because I'm on antibiotics...
Nice gesture RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane.
Tonight the PA mic will be silent in his memory.
Liam Neeson is such a boss.
I love pooping on teachers!
I had an awesome 3 days off from work back to reality today :
Just BS'ing.
Just don't be 'that guy' like D Jennings and try to piss us off by saying asinine stuff bc we care more than others
FOLLOW ME PLEASE?
That would be the best birthday present!
My birthday is 11 June.
Exactly 1 month before 3
Be sure to vote for your favorite things in Albuquerque!
If you need a suggestion for best band you can always put us.
;
Good night Ariana!
Love you .
clayaiken, I didn't realize he was a hockey fan.
TeamLidstrom fail?
I LOVE RICKIE FOWLER!!!!!!
Congrats on your first PGA Tour win at Quail Hollow!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow Kelley.
Looks like you're doing some cool stuff.
those were the good days lol
15peopleilove Myself!
:D
from a charity chacha to Dancing With the Stars, Sitt?
I'd vote for you!
RatchetsLove being hell of loud and going out in public looking how ever
No one goes to class on days as beautiful as this.
ya u 2 should definitely come!!
I approve this message.
Strict and unalloyed veracity, German
Yes.
Pls.
head to the nearest park w/ your book  proceed w/ the rest of the day.
Fuck!
My dad just caught me smoking.
And he didn't say anything!
He just sighed.
Then again what can he tell me?
I am 25
RT : Big time players make big time plays in big time games!
RT : I wear TShirts to work.
We almost had him hay!
The IRS just released the second tranche of national bond volume cap for Tribal Economic Development Bonds.
tweet if you have ?s
cool bro where are u from???
Thanks for the mention.
Much appreciated!
Same ..
omg , Ashley why are we so similar ?
Maybe if you were a Brewers fan you wouldn't be feeling so let down right now.
i love your pictures on myspace
Workin on da album so I had 2 get da best beats !
Best graphics n best feat!
Im a fan of erbody I'm workn wit
Nutella hot chocolate
you coulda told me!!
oh thank goodness!
:
Just a reminder..
watch my videos if you like money!
I DO WHAT I WANT , HOW I WANT, WHEN I WANT.
if my mommy says it's ok c;
Walking to the grocery.
some beliebers need to get their heads screwed on.
its HAIR.
his voice is what matters.
his lyrics to the songs matter.
Chocolate Strawberries Recipes If roses are the quintessential Valentine's Day gift for lovers, chocolate strawberries are the quintessen
Crappy end to the phillies game but it should've been over on Blanton's first pitch.
RT : Really enjoyed Atlanta Read and Reactl.
Great presenters and ideas.
Offense offers flexibility and player freedom.
Joe cabral: when you automate a bad process, you put it on steroids.
I respect that.
followed
I just wanted to be there IS THAT A CRIME?!!
maybe get my band Analog a gig?
:
I'm seriously ready to be 18.
you should do it :D Please 3
they just played at a bar in Milwaukee wouldn't of ever heard of them if it wasn't for you
lets see how many notice
RT : Shout out to the Denver fans we bringin it back home to u!
We need u game 6!
Mind following back?
:
When the air and bs get to thick, can't take a breath without gettin' sick.
hahaha tried to warn you about them niggas!
You guys got off lucky!
5 followers away from 2000.
Anybody else out there interested in
I have underdesk heaters on 9 months of the year.
RT : Seattle stop being so cold
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIS LOVE YOU LOTS!
SEE U THIS WEEKEND IM GNA COOK FOR U!!!!!!
More from Fitch: April saw more than 10 billion in new covenant lite loans come to market.
Lion's share of proceeds used to refinance debt.
How romantic...
Tom Cruise, while filming mission impossible in Dubai, wrote Kate's name on top of the world's tallest building...
If the candidate was nervous an opportunity to calm down, strengthen their presentation, clarify themselves.
Started MadMen from the very beginning today.
Don is a slime ball  Peggy's bangs need help.
: : whats ya 20?
Just landed in the LK RogerThat u coming back?
fuck nobody wants to score except kobe
Also, I want to say the word Calhoun as if I was Don Knotts.
I do not know why.
New music from  win  win win situation coming on!
Listen at
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY!!!
2 ALL THE FATHER FUKKERS ALL AROUND THE WORLD...
We loved having you!
Follow me.
:
RT I hate the Jets!
I hate the Pats, Steelers and Ravens too!!.
RT : Thanks you were follower number 2500!
Read it, Learn it, Live it...XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX
One of the best in sportsbiz RT : Happy birthday to Angels PR chief
Next thing you know, this fandom will have found the boys' ultrasound photos.
Had THE TALK with facebook.
Gettin' kinda bored with our relationship.
Took it well until she found out I started seeing Twitter.
No grinding allowed at Senior Formal.
Air humping only.
send people to www.hon.org it's hands on nashville.
Best place to volunteer or donate to help us out here.
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout T
Oh just got another rose...
...but I was caught up in physical attraction, but to my satisfaction/baby you were more than just a face...
looks like a cool place...
I'm toying with some ideas for a trip  I want to go s/where I've not been before
I hated the Wizard of Oz as a child.
it's a little late.
my mother right now  
well then....my days are al fucked up hahahaha
haha as always 3 and not to forget funny
you should come early Wednesday and we can day doctornk by the pool!
I have class at 730 everyday :
where are you going?!!??
Diets do not work.
Portion control, healthier food choices, and consistent daily physical activity are necessary.
Good choice!
We've got to go out and buy a red scarf for an upcoming anthology.
More details soon.
23C: BIG TEN  THE JOURNEY; BLACKHAWKS; BIG TEN IMPACT FEATURE
Wondering if/when the xtrahotlatte craze will ever stop.
Some doctornks aren't meant to be sipped forever.
doctornk up, ye caffeine deficient!
I'm feeling hipsterish today
Why are people afraid of cemeteries?
The dead can't harm you, but the living....well, that's another matter altogether.
do you know how many NONfootball fans will go to a JETS game now.
Attendance will be huge 4 tebo
she's a good party buddy :

So which pretty lady wanna chill wit da kid afta prom ?
Lmfao
Thanks so much for the follow, Jayla!
Check out my music if you have time.
Hope you like it 3
hahah I see : what's your good news?
Dali i'm curious..
Saw 3 audience members using iPads to video tape speakers at Friday's Toastmasters Div D Speech  Evaluation contest.
Nice use of tech.
I've had it...NEXT!!
Stevie Wonder loves Barack Obama
Temporary Shop is up.
This Gives you access to purchase one of the Exclusive Crew necks!
Very Limited ..
To go with Quick Picks or actually fill out a megamillions card out my self?
Somehow I feel like picking my own 's is better.
Good luck to all of our seniors preparing for their comps and senior seminar presentations.
We're sending good vibes your way.
Have to leave for laundoctormat now if I am going to beat the rain!
I wish babe.
I'm bored here too.
That is nuts, Trey.
C'mon.
LIVE NOW: the Entities are joined by special guests www.thisweekin.com/live
You repeat yourself!
When Austin posted the subway song!!
Ahh
RT : RT Looking forward to hearing from at smss12 in about 15 minutes!
they usually involve my daughter getting bored and just playin in the river
TWITTER TIME :
RT : less training as an event and more performance support
Watching Sylvia stalk gophers by the light of the moon is HILARIOUS!
get 'em girl!!!
She keeps looking around for S
chet baker sings.
to me.
all nasally and deliberately.
and i tell twitter al about it.
oh, u coulda just said the hot one.
we might be hiring soon by July.
My friend is trying to transfer.
Congrats on an amazing NFL career!
Enjoy retirement, you deserve it.
Our is your 1 fan!
Don't fight me just let it happen :
how about a shout out about our game vs.
illinois tonight for UK hockey?
Got the win last night 42.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE MOST AMAZINGLY AWESOME PERSON, KileLinn :D Wish i was there today..
smooth as nigga 
You must do the thing you think you cannot do
Getting ready for the Tosh season finale.
is the man!
LSD!
omg how tall is an average 2 year old?
o.O
Fight night!!
UFC145 let's go J.Jones!
Such a faithful dog.
I want a Akita.
would like to thank everyone that made their generous donations!
We appreciate your help and you!!!!
i'm in love with our new windsuits!
:D

Glad I ordered mine last week!
Can't wait till it arrives  so excited for this collection!
are you really doing a startup in China?
DUDE
So men can be honorable in many areas, but the only praiseworthy thing women can do is not doctorw attention to themselves?
your black!
doctorams :
I'd take some Liquid Luck.....
:
Shut TF up!!!
Howdy!
The contest closed sharply on the 5th  11:59pm.
The old page was up for a while but the entry form was closed :
oh lol what are you eating?
It's cold and rainy here.
Being the benevolent dictator that I am, I let my copilot do the preflight walk around.
have you heard about the upcoming mentoring prgram from AIGA CLE?
thanks for the knowledge Bon!
:
Nats pitching phenom Stephen Strasburg gets standing O after hitting a double.
Maybe when olly murs is done performing, seats will open up.
most likely, but you need to get them quick!
The fact that The Lakers are releasing a statement show a weakness
I thought he was black this whole time lol
really?
what was the startup?
Anthony Weiner  We needed your voice  what the heck man?
you should be like a detective!:
I'll never get one of those.
They know better.
; ;
you're the best :D
I'm hoping to have new flipclass opportunities.
A Toshiba Laptop will be auctioned at 10pm!
www.bidfather.com
Eat dark chocolate while sipping a glass of red wine...great flavor together.
MT How the Millennial Generation Uses Mobile...interesting yes!
I'm below ave.
Seeking new device.
...winter is coming!
can't wait!
Somebody gone die
What about planning a green trip for hubby/dad?
So how do you feel about Rick Santorum being the new GOP front runner for the nomination
Of to the studio!
So true!
School then work.....
I gotta long day ahead of me....
is closed for Innovation Day!
My team will work on a selfchosen project  present their work at 4PM.
Not expecting anything from you, you always disappoint me.
Bill numbers definitely help!
I'm glad yourfacebook is back up, never should have been shut down the stay with!!!
Forget mini golf.
Hotels by theme parks would do well with this.
Like said, I'd pay to ride it!
Was up my twitta people
Thankful for a random day off.
Now to tackle my ever growing todo list.
And maybe some disc golf later.
cont...four years and i love the art of dance; not to mention yall r totally hot!
sorry if ur offendedl thats just
RT Good teams make the playoffs, the hot team wins the championship
Today is the last day of some of your life, well the last time you will see, do, think, feel whatever it was..
I'm glad to be back on twitter :D 
hve a good one!
Hope to tlk again sometime 3
Doubt it.
Awesome shoot today with  Great performance, great film!
Now post begins...
We love that is here.
I'm in Cabo!
there is no motivation for me at this point..
I'm from the Street .
.
.
not the Hood, the Sesame Street
Suh is an idiot!!!!
Just cost his team 7 points and himself some serious cash...
ablame y q mass
Stage freight Strategies Part 5 9.Practice.
Especially practice bits so you can spit out a few minutes of your program.
When I fight with you , i'm really fighting for US because if I didn't care , I wouldn't bother
Just saw 'What to Expect when your expecting  ...I'm not having kids til I'm 30!
..pregnancy seems horrid Oo
Lol RT oh I believe it doesn't have to confirm..
Just sayin it's been a minute lol
So I'm over hide and seek!!
I stick loneliness, your lips, and the two coins of your eyes into my pockets
Tom Lochtefeld says he sees a shark.
Beach is cleared  he takes advantage w/ deals  Belmont Park.
Coincidence?
Waiting for fact check!
Working on Ten Tiny Taiko music for Mike  which means strapping on the Strat!
lol oh so you're un Iphone bully huh
Think I've seen about 15 engagements over the past weekend.
Congrats to everyone.
Guess that's what happens when you are my age.
thanks!
we should catch up in the next couple weeks
Okay, Foghat.
That's better, iPod.
Keep going in that musical direction...so I can concentrate on my online work today.
;
It's like, Mommy, what's THIS part supposed to sound like?
Uh..
fireworks, honey!
Jess fr.
The Shamblers here, offering up our modest studio for your purposes, whatever they may be.
It's cozy.
are you gonna go to them?!?
Q: Do you know how many days of school you have left?
Summer is coming!
i dont go back for another week and a halff, youu aare ?
aha thats how i feel after summer break.
what up
Excited for IPRRC in Miami, but so much to do before then!
Trying to fit my week into two days...
Sir: Saw yr Skeet/AfricaSafari skit recently.
Laughed so hard I almost skeeted on couch!
Thanks 4the laugh therapy!!
You know, I actually would understand why allot of people watch My Little Pony.
like gorillas, production weeks live where ever they want.
this one was tuesday to tuesday.
live outside the box  cheers.
Tornadoes, snow, and a doctorp of 40 degrees in a matter of days
hey can everyone follow my boo she follows back
Did we ever order your cards with the Duke of Flexible Grids and Fluid Foundations on them?!
My bad.
hey what's up
5ks or bust.
Here we go.
I didn't get to see the international show once god damn it
Work from work, work from home?
If you have a job, you have no choice but to work from work.
With the right system, work from home is better
This is a good methods exam, if I do say so myself...
:
What is your conversion rate on your website?
Is it below 100?
Then there is room for improvement.
Want more leads/sales...start there.
Love is not only something you feel, it's something you Do.
Come see the Juilliard Jazz Ensemble on Wednesday, December 21 12pm2pm  Time Warner Building, 2nd floor  Free Admission!
I have had some great interviews just having a little bit of technical difficulties!
some inspiration on the blog for now!
Op man what a world do we live in were people can show off their dirty boxers...
that was all a part of our evil plan!
we're waiting for the conclusion of our comic with bated breath
ABC  will begin airing the show Ball Boys this Saturday at 3pm.
Show chronicles the shop, Robbie's First Base, in
Follow the link!
;
If you're not already following I highly suggest you start!
You'll thank me later!
Need a nap or some peace and quiet?
A quiet seating area is located above Chili's.
Go up, take a L, seating area is on your R.
a Mom has the most important job in the world
he still has a couple of teams to play for to have every team jersey with his name lol : Mcgrady is still playing?
Wow
lol Join the club.
Senior year at UIndy equaled doctorma fest.
Now it's your turn!
:p
Knock, knock!
We're coming up
yes even his face a little bit smaller in weight but not by much.
I was ready to scout him till I saw he was taken by KState!
we should have brought a kayak.
and the fun begins....
HOW DO I ORDER for delivery?!?!?!
I can't wait to play some AL Central teams...
My apologies to those riding red and green line.
I just ran 5 miles :
So tired 
Iike the delete button?
yeah, that one sucks.
fact every native girl I hang out with, I make out with and nothing else happens amiabadkisser ?
lol
we would liked to go but maybe next time.
Since we're not going we will be busy selling Cabinetry here in ABQ!!
I can't tell if I want sex or a cheeseburger.
Just got back from the gas station.
:p
aw i know ; u make me smile too lol
Shaq hanging em up.
Hell of a career big man, start of a new adventure.
I just got some : omg we have to catch up...
hahaha I've mastered some new games
I'm there.
Maybe I'll wear a turtle neck and treat women roughly.
yo nina how long you in chi town for i live here now
Office hours with lax crew
4 yrs ago, my father was diagnosed w Frontotemporal Dementia like those in The Vanishing Mind
If there was ever a time i needed a SERIOUS pep talk to ever pick up a pen and white another rhyme it's now!!
no matter what you tore it up on the dance floor.
Keep it up!
Wait!...What The?!
LOGI BEAR WHY U CRY?
WAS MONI MEAN TO YOUU...
Try again next year Canucks!
it was the one where Brian thinks he's in love with louis and then fights over her with Peter
Haha, gotta make 'fake' joints for a small little movie we're filming today.
I love this business ;
Leo meeting and then home :DD
I need some friends in San Diego
This is either going to be really fun, or really not.
he he ou gets the int
65 of Elvis impersonators are of Asian descent.
The closest is the picture my friend took.
It's on my FB wall.
You'll have to use your imagination.
RT : People are no longer only consumers of media, the ARE the media
Wow is getting lots of plugs on the 7smtrends webinar.
Nice work :
Member A Med .
,  I Need A Snapback To Match .
OKAY ?
God woke me up today.
Praise God!
GUYS I'M GOING TO MAKE THE SET IT OFF SHOW TONIGHT.
lmfaaaao reimburse me!?
nah i got y'all tho, why do that, when we all can get free doctornks n'shit.
ReasonsILoveKush easy to roll  break down
Unicorns can't fly.
I can't fly.
Therefore, I am a unicorn.
:D well thanks for thinking of me...
Judge Alex, I don't believe the smokey eye look was created for men.
i really feel like crying noting ever goes right
Proceeds from the run help support child abuse prevention and treatment, early intervention services for childoctorn with developmental delays.
I know I've got a big ego, I really don't know why it's such a big deal though
Poor Sammy!!!!
Poor dog!
Oh shit Emily is in trouble!!!
ChaseBank apologized for taking 722 extra out of my bank account in July but won't put it back  won't promise to not do it again in Aug.
while i wasnt paying attention the spider decided to crawl closer next to me, when i noticed, i jumped, screamed, threw my laptop...
They would get nothing more than a mid to lateround pick if they traded his rights.
Can you do something like that in motion?
Just once I would like to hear an athlete thank God for their talent and their pharmacist for everything God left out.
You call me names aft you just admitted you support a terrorist org, terrorist regime  9/11 nut conspiracy
boy you don't understand that your the best thing that's ever happened to me.
AHAHA,Im about to have a bomb day.
Just got done with my physical.
RT : Q3 If you could ban 1 phrase from being spoken at every networking event you attend, what phrase would you pick?
Teachers: You should remember this you learned it 3 years ago!
Me: I don't even remeber what I ate for dinner last night.
Stones still rolling along  Morris Daily Herald
That it is!
We enjoy it all the time, but it certainly works great as an apertif.
i thought that one was very smart, and surprisingly even handed.
he doesn't let Obama off the hook.
I bet they make good donuts in Bexley or maybe loafers.
Have u heard anything on Tebow not wanting to come back here to Jax?
I'm not a Jags fan but would luv to hear his reasoning.
I have no respect for people who eat pizza with a fork.
looks in ur eyes
I used too, then u get over it.
It's going to snow in Mke.
People, it is supposed to do that in Jan.
Settle down.
my last week off.
then back to work!
follow me back!
thank you!
Well I guess he will never be satisfied ...lol
sucks to be popular don't it?
5th June is the day I'm waiting for.
Only Mahomies know why.
:
Pllzzz Make My Daii And Follow Me Im A Big Fan
looking for an Account Executive  Personal Care, and an Account Supervisor / Sr.
Account Supervisor with Oncology Expertise in NYC
My revenues page still isn't right.
Should I file a ticket?
Do you know when it will be fixed?
I would buy two!
Sometimes I just really enjoy bad music.
Here's how I see it: the black vote is expected to go for Obama in the fall.
Some wonder if this issue will turn them away.
Well now I need something that mixes with tea...
Wine?
I repeat, DeJesus is our new Reed Johnson.
Not sure about M.
Field, but I stayed at historic St.
James Hotel d'town: nice, still operates the fastest elevator of the Old West.
The needed to win for sure.
What do they say about the bird who stays at work late and gets to work early?
spent 12.50 on in flight internet for no other reason than to be able to impress with my 30,000ft tweet.

he better wake up by12 I wanna go to the gally lol
If you want your doctorams to come true, don't sleep Yiddish Proverb
We go toward something that is not yet.
Paul Tillich, The Eternal Now, 1959
There are just so many bikes in Williamsburg.
DUDE.
That's awesome.
Oh, the places you'll go.
The mountain laurels are blooming!
The air smells like grape KoolAid!
Spring is coming, spring is coming!
The Bulls need to start this series off high energy, great defense is our best offense.
Rose wont let us loose this 1.
CHI 92 PHI 83
Embrace your inner mad hatter.
Night was kind of down but seeing this grade just improved it so much...
Thank you God...
graduation in the AM
Everyone has a story...
And I love to hear them.
UX advice to  when expanding the I am typing: please include the ones I already follow!
Those are most likely what I want!
Connected childoctorn learn positive strategies to selfregulate from connected caregivers.
: hahaha no dude you are the official spice boy haha I wish they would have taped it
And that is why I chose NFL Network tonight RT So far tonight, ESPN has said Tebow 14 times.
NFL Network has said it once.
keep up the great work
That awkward moment when you realize that you texted the wrong person.
It's mustache march in POL all proceeds go to the shop and medals go to best in show lol at least it's for a good cause lol pics to follow
I don't mind an occasion use of a cliche, but when you use it as a crutch for original thought...
it's bad.
Watch TOMORROW9AM hour to hear the Work Ministry's Paige Cohen share about the upcoming CAREER FAIR at the Rock!
will u tell me in person??
This shit is about to get real.
Last day of classes and then on to finals!!
I had a worse incident.
Let's say me naked and running out the shower haha
followed them:
needs just put her hood back on and go burn a cross in someone's yard.
Best of luck to you!!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
Go on reverbnation and put our name in
Just got my Japandoctorids tickets for in June.
Giddy up.
One of the 15year old boys charged with arson for Woodburn High fire bailed out of jail.
Was seen leaving juvenile detention with parents
Thanks for reading!
And always supporting FJ :
Go see Death Of A Salesman.
It's Brilliant.
I'm just checking in!
I'll be doing it frequently....
Hey, thanks for the RT.
That was VERY early in the morning!
:D
don't...you've been extremely supportive
The /.
threads have more detail.
If I follow, the evidence this time suggests causation instead of just correlation.
School tomorrow.
Kill me now.
I'm looking forward 2 seeing all my new followers IN THE MIX ATL with from Q100 May 17 6pm  8th  Peachtree in Atlanta
Are You Selling Tickets For 's Show At The Paramount Theater In Seattle?
I tweeted you.
well i think speedway is gonna hire me.
So i just need to start working.
i'll prob do some si ...
gonna take a shower!
eugene
Watching Rookie of the Year, doctornking beers.
It really sucks when you like a guy, and he doesn't even talk to you.
Tensions remain high at Virginia Tech as police continue to search for a suspect in a pair of shootings.
I can't wait for summer!
I will work out all day every day.
1/3 With Arthritis Report Anxiety or Depression
Forgot to add Cleveland Foodie to that earlier list.
And I also think really stands out when it comes to CLEfood tweets.
Getting on the subway in zombie makeup is always fun:
Looking forward to seeing Annie tonight at JBE theatre!
Happy National High Five Day!
High Five Followers!
Thank you!
Now I want to read it!
Stoked!
just brought me eggplant parmigiana from Buca de Beppo.
sure thing :
LinkedIn is a great tool not just for YOU to network, but to help OTHERS network.
Help a friend find a job  Karma comes around!
counting down the hours until its
Just completed Mass Effect, one of the best games I have ever played.
Bitch is an 11 year veteran hoe n wanna get sensitive...
Bitch go make a trick feel sensitive so he can pay u n u can bring it back 2 a pimp
this chick has it right!
We have a few more tix to the Celebrity Championship to give away.
RT for a chance to win!
Looks like I'll have a longer wait to post old News View editions to YouTube than I thought.
LOL holy eff Helen you totally got on this account;
We eat so many shrimp I got iodine poisonin'.
Great game haven't made it out to a game yet but I will!!!
lol oh yu got jokes now
Have a safe journey!
I think of suicide but my bro nd sis need me
happy birthday B!
Welp.
Vikings vs.
Packers across the street today.
My money is on the Broncos.
oh my god.
I don't know what just happened.
pizza fries are gone.
Think I just blacked out for a minute
TONIGHT  Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!
Hahahahah : you've got the darker version of Bianca's hair!
But yours is kinda more controlled loll
i didnt know you were serous i have like 62 followers im following 238 and i have 80 tweets
Komodo Edit seems as good as Notepad, if not better.
Plus, it's crossplatform!
Fire alarm at the Boise State library.
Six fire engines and a couple other emergency vehicles parked behind the library.
oh that's event better.
I will.
Are you guys still staying with family?
Just need to write a conclusion about women's magazines  I'M DONE !
Definitely losing my phone tonight
Portland has like 2 black cops.
hey, I already have a sore elbow  I'll fit right in!
LOL
I love you too ;
im perfectly fine with the way i look.
its the way God made me.
its my weight i cant stand...
Not even my family know who I am!!!
Team pulled off a win tonight!
Let's c if the Brew Crew can do it to!
Brewers 
GOODMORNING : im still tired
RT : Life is not about what I've done, should have done or what I could have done.
It's about what I can do and what I will do.
We kill the people who kill to teach the people that it's wrong to kill.
Check out these bands/Corps
The same person who was comforted when House said he would euthanize her is now advising him.
when is your next Florida Concert?
I'm waiting, waiting, waiting inside the State!!!!
So ready for this weekend!!
It's going to be a good one.
:
RT Gods among men
a bit sick saying this but i kind of want the new blackberry :
SFBayArea venues restaurants: Fan our Page  stay tuned for a new exciting Facebook app to promote ur events and sell doctornkspecials!
i thought that was the point of a tweet in general...
Where can someone get a latenight breakfast in chicago ?
I have been looking for 1am pancakes and I'm not talking about Denny's.
Discuss
The inclement weather hotline is 804.565.3687.
Call before you visit the branch today.
Sent today :
Healthcare Theatre had a fab time and the Art of Human Simulation thanks to our simulated patient performers!
Started producing the short film, The Story of Gunter Schett, a dark comedy.
Look forward to shooting in 5 weeks.
Happy Mothers Day !
Yes!
And the earrings too!
:
More Beard Papa!
Great video, but it only highlights BP's baking efforts: What about his acting, directing, and pyro acumen?
Today is my Friday.
But it's also my Thursday.
So I have two days of work to do in one...
Dear , didn't buy that sweet ass tank, I did 3 Dick...
P.S is she still in comatose???
.
oh yes your so asleep right now.
grrr.
i think its that you dont wanna talk to a girl as unpretty as me i understand.
P
If love is shelter, I'm going to walk in the rain.
Exclusive clips from Sarah Palin's new reality TV show coming up...
So i finished Crank in one day....
It was that good :
Thanks for the follow, Suzanne!
Hope to see you in San Diego more often next year!
Looking forward to the match in DC.
Can't wait for first SportingKC match.
Watch out though, wife will be 6 mo.
pregnant!
Thanks for the follow Lauren!
Hopefully June.
Nowhere big, just back to my college town.
I always wear a suit because no matter how badly I embarrass myself, at least I did it wearing a suit.
is eating cookie dough and supervising the watching of Idol.
Just add your name to your contact list and you will be your newest and best contact
Training already for next season basketball:
To exist is to change; to change is to mature; to mature is to create oneself endlessly.
Henri Bergson
The chiefs have been sucking eggs, disappointing really!
Watching madmen ..
no spoilers here but 18 minutes it's already good one!
2 new internship spots from August until December.
Check the MAM newsletter for details or send your resume directly
Brain Floss: The American Dental Hygenists Association says snacking on celery, carrots, or apples helps clear away loose food and debris.
PRINCE I LOVE YOU!
GO BREWERS!
I can smell homefield!
Amazing furniture designer and artisan, check him out 
is thrilled to be at RORHillDay 2012!
We're ready to spread the word about !
Happy Super Tuesday!
Ten won't kill me..
Thinking about starting up the blog again...
Hm
I'm doing fine just enjoying weather.
Where u from?
Absolutely!
RT: That is an upside!
Good for her.
bcsm
date night: assembling ikea furniture.
so hot!
hell yeah!
It was so awesome  you've raised a wonderful daughter!
It's snowing!
Barely, LOL
i bet their getting tired of you stealin dey stuff!
whats the t
What are you doing these days, sir?
I actually think Chasing Amy was his best work, besides the fact Ben Pancake Head Affleck is in it.
He stole Garner from me
Love the new song Hey Mister!
Sorry guys.
I just really want that shirt.
My personal training clients are so good to me, even after I worked so hard to get in shape!
I'm off the next two days tho..
Stay on it man!
Once you get thru another 12 months you wont be able to imagine not doing it!
N MY NAME MERCEDES STREETS WE GOT BIZZY BONE, SHOP BOYS, BONE CRUSHER, MDOT, misterCHEEKS, FIELD MOB, CRUNCHY BLACK,
yes!
B Schooler indeed!
Here's to huge successes!!
No, you shouldn't offer a free IQ test if you charge for the results.
Bah.
FF Tasty Treats to Follow RT
That awful feeling when math goes from being clear to not making any sense whatsoever.
ill take the file cab!!
Has it a home yet?
Can I get it sunday???
worth going to see.
Review will be up on Monday :
yep engineers feel bridge is unsafe and say it will cost 4.2 million to demolish.
Commissioners will take it up again in May.
Ok Fa sho
Still hanging out in Orlando Fl
Beautiful day to shop for floors!!!
I'm not a morning person
Hi, I like your style..
Lin is showing out!
Go Knicks!
this morning's smoothie...
maraschino cherries, pineapple, spinach, cucumber, banana.
absolutely.yum.
Avalon High was so AMAZING!!
And so was the season premiere of Wizards!!
is such an amazing actor!
Received news yesterday that I won the bid for the mural!
:
good luck boo
Starting The River, like I need another show to watch.
Hope it's as scary as it looks.
Who is they?
Arthur's not there any more..and didn't the Fndtn disband?
Got a job offer, yay me!
Now, if only I had a license to work...
:/
It's interesting to think what Smalltalk could have become with a good opensource push
At KimColes Bday Celebration.
A night of comedy where I'm not the one on stage.
Ah
Imagine Austin: Now I know why U and I are together on the keyboard.3
yeah the first season followed it page by page I'm interested to see if they do the same for the 2nd season
lol damn i aint know that
my windows were shut.
they're open now.
but i've had headphones in since 8...
Yes, I just warmed up rolls on my grill.
Shut up, I ran out of oven space.
Agreed come to RI and follow me...life mission completed 3
Awkward moment when you follow someone then your time line is FILLED with a different language..
Unfollow.
I got concussed.
remember, Jodis are fragile.
Thanks for coming in with the girls!
So so dumb..FAG!
I've decided one of my comp exam coping mechanisms will be to tweet pithy and/or penetrating oneliners from my reading here:
The congratulates on making the finals of the Capital City DJ Olympics!
See him at 621 on Saturday, show begins at 9!
Stratton : First major snowstorm of year in Northeast.
A bit of off piste skiing to break in the season.
Not bad!
Silver Stars Becky Hammon and Sophia Young combined for 22 pts in 1st quarter.
Neither scored the 2nd quarter.
Slideshow finished!!
I don't know how I did it but miraculously I did.
And now I get to do math homework for the rest of the night, woo.
got my tickets for May 19th in Chicago
It's time to shut it down Kemba Walker!!!!
Send the Bulldogs packin!!!
GO UCONN!!!!!
Someone just signed a letter Temperance.
What does that mean?
How do I cope?
just watched a trailer that was advertising a movie trailer that will be released this weekend.
Dear Sir: The Green doctorgon armor is amazing.
Sincerely, a mindblown fan
u know damn well that's my phrase.
But I'll let u borrow it up in Vegas ;
Big Plans Next Week !!
God's is working things out !!
RT : Never work before breakfast; if you have to work before breakfast, eat your breakfast first.
Josh Billings
AJ is in her zone with these tweets!
Thanks so much!!
loven the info!
Absolutely.
We apologize for the mistake.
We'll make it up to you.
Thanks for coming by once again.
How are the tortas?
She needs more followers ': follow her now por favor 3 !
she follows back.
the skinny brown fox hopped over the boring dog.
Much appreciated.
Brady should never be Mentioned in same sentence with Montana!!!
Ever, start comparing ELI!
and Welcker got checked by NYDb
doesn't every woman over there doctorss like someone's grandmother?
Except Posh Spice...
But she's American now!
I'm enioyin the meal at this very moment
keeper is effectively a synonym for curate.
The curate is a keeper.
But it sounds very posh right?
I wish I could stay up but sure need to force myself to fall asleep bc I have to workout in 7hrs.
My pleasure.
New stuff about every week.
Much obliged for RTs.
Brah ....
Real folks who R wit UNC enjoyed the Game yes We is Hurt but aah ..
Real world  entertainment Eeg Sports Music etc
Thanks!
Love your blog!
Had an acquaintance, become a friend.
Joss Whedon is the best.
I really want to see that movie but too afraid..
what do you recommend fraidy cats do?
watch or no?
love that your visual notes are 10x more clear than any normal notes I'd take!
i have sent you so many tweets and i dont think you saw any of them.If you see this please looks at my recent tweets to you!
you booking talent for website or your company
What would Bill Swerski's Superfans say about this Bears game?
My guess is they'd start talking about Urlacher
I'm really sick of waking up early, EVERY FUCKING MORNING.
Is it October yet?
RT : I miss Ducks hockey.
Studying for Systems Analysis  Middleton until 7, then heading home to finish Gov Docs exam.
Busy day!
get parallels and run windows on mac
You can't realistically support your community without first taking care of yourself
Congrats!
We'll be seeing each other at MLA 13 then!
Yep!
Will you be at the free lunch?
so much doubt..
Homemade baby monitor: Thinking an iPhone mounted in the nursery FaceTiming my iPad should do the trick!
I wish I had a apple pie from burger king right now.
2 will do me good!
Sean, Just saw you're following us!
Ever been to our place on Ridge Ave?!
Congrats Emerging Leader.
Its a great group to be a part of...the journey of fun soon begins.
hm maybe :
Least we could do!
RT : Wanted to thank all of you for sticking w/ me while I was away last week  supporting ...
Russell 27 Pike Co.
Central 21  FINAL
rephrase it for me so I know next time.
Friday January 6, 2012 9pm2am Me Restaurant And Lounge 926 B Street Hayward Ca.
Old School Friday w/DJ Lash Text 4154980157 for glist/info
Thank you for another wonderful class!!
I know why they fill up so quicklybecause they are the best.Thanks again!!
Today's a big day: HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!
just here hangin with my bestest of the best friend!!!!!!
that's amazing!
But I can't believe he unfollowed!
Tell Me How You Feel Baby
hows yer stalker is she busted??
Huh , Naim  I needa sit down  just have a long ass talk !
that's an interesting avatar on your twitter account.
what is it?

if this ain't true RT : We can talk money, but why?
Half you so called hustlers still live with your parents.
the acting demo was good, keep up the good work, sorry it took me so long to reply,
let's say she ain't the happiest horse in the world by far
There's always tomorrow
balance life with a little sweet and sour.
oh you little dirty fortune cookie you
HackedbyMamaMahone will be trending soon3
making a presentation on how to use 1st

tears in Tonga too.
Lozi its mioko.
Only we can dictate when the narration of our story will cease.
I wanna go laser tagging.
Painkillers please
I remembered!!!!!
Lol
Standin gig completed successfully.
Nice gig with a great and on the ball crew.
The FullContact Ruby Library Developer Challenge is a wrap, thanks for your submissions.
Winners will be announced April 25th!
Apparently i forgot how slow this coffee shop is.
Ended a very long live cashless streak but 9th after coming in 3/9 at 300 Rivers FT.
QQAA.
YUCK!!!YUCK!!!!
I cant even fck with you tonight big dawg...thats a no go
really hoping you guys come out with the win!
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Tomato and Mushroom.
Sugar free Lemonade Watermelon Rosemary.
Morning, Tearsa!
Good night from the west coast!
Literally getting a hollywood deal after that performance
Deleted my tweet after I saw you already responded to a fellow follower who said same thing.
Not your fault on that one then.
If you touch me, well I just think Ill scream, cuz its been so long since someone challenged me.
the hawks are down by 1!!!!
GoHawks!!!
Follow Friday 
Watching the Notebook eating pop...actually, watching Rambo wrestling pillows and jumping off furniture
agreed brother.
RT Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Quote  Albert Einstein
At Marina Middle School waiting for Spanish class to start.
Nostalgia.
Why is it all middle schools smell the same?
1 in the 'hood G!
Somethings are better left unsaid, but when the person has a hold on you always express your emotions.
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf
Baby steps
well where th have you been??
soccer tournament all day tomorrow.....
shutup, i don't need any of your useless quotes.
Ive txted over 13,000 messages what am i doing with my life ?
Ohio rep discussing history of relation btwn legislation, economy,  educational attainment.
btw, that pot roast was awesome!
Everybody loved it!
I mean how u let a dude shove his crusty ass big man fist up ur pussy?
And then say the shit feels good.
No sir.
Fuck alla that.
Lol
I really wish I had a guy in my life right now.
I wish I had someone to go home to with a bottle of wine and a night watching movies.
Wait a second, I have a foot fetish too, why can't I be on True Life?
Sup Gremlin.
Study: Type 2 diabetes tougher to treat in teenagers
This weekend went by so fast it's not even funny.
There better not be any complaints with this Mothers Day feast I've planned.
Went all out with beef jerky that has cheese mixed in already
Happy Hump Day, Tweeps!!!
Gotta pee brb

After an argument I think about the clever things I should have said.
lol
1st half was awesome!!!
ROCK ON BALTIMORE!!!!!
Gotta love the 4 hour work shifts
Have you wished your Alpha Delta Pi friends a happy Founders Day?
was founded on May 15, 1851.
; saturday morning Cool Motorbike images
congrats on making big money on that stock on friday.....
You better be buying doctornks at the trumptower before Fed!
the best thing though is the Heat look upset and rattled  not a sign of confidence moving forward no matter game outcome
nothing chillen are u single
lol well carry on then
Will do  thanks!
dude do it now!
hahaha
Hi Camden, when should we expect the movie to be released?
Looking forward.
Thanks!
Note2self never go anywhere especially out of town when your shits not planned lol .....
We should organize a stakeout
20ThingsAboutMe I hate that I'm so lazy.
It makes me worry and over think my future.
Trying to figure out how many Nerf Darts one should receive with a new Nerf Dart gun....
Last but not least?
Yeah right.
I know a bear named Yogi bear, Yogi Yogi..
they must have 
Did you know you were beautiful?
Well you are.
Good day now :
that is just impossible to answer!
they're both so amazing!
alright now.
You betta make it happen.
:: Proud of you.
Treating me well.
Planning album man.
Agreed, also need to doctorp PPV for a few fights RT : A1: Having events much earlier would help boxing tremendously.
On second thought, I'm wondering how that could be real...
If you're at Lambeau today, Packers fans, please leave hoarse!
It's your duty for the day.
Be Loud.
Be Proud.
Laugh now cry later time to enjoy the fruits of my labors
yea how old are you where yu from
I am immoral awww yeah.
I said your my bestfriend, and your sexier then me
Congrats on the funding w/  Klip is a great app for the captainre  share of videos from mobile devices
Less than two weeks away from opening nite  July 23rd.
Things are heating up in rehearsals!!!
Football with dad and Mik :
nope quit being shady and text me sometime and we can do something!
That is hard.
Have you identified your critical early customers, tested price points with them,  validated your product offering?
The Mac  Retna AVE MARIA mural on that wall is my favorite piece here.
: The prettiest alley in Salt Lake.
Album is sick
my song !
great moments in team building tonight.
Coolest superbowl halftime show.
Ever!
Madonna is as amazing as ever!
good mawning ms how r u
haha hashtag racist is just strange to see.
I always knew you had it out for Lin.
got my world rocked Lastnight,All Night!,
Yes, it could have been more provocative and it's missing the shield!
:
Everyone knows the best part of dinner is the appetizers!
Head to the bar from 47pm for 1/2 off select apps  enjoy with a 4 !
i have a purple belt too.
dailyfeedback Today we'd like to pay tribute to one of the greats: send your favorite songs feat.
Levon Helm.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
cuz I been busy.
Took my mom out then straight to work.
he said Hey Gurl!!!
watchin Selena Gomez's Hit The Lights MV on MTV 3 Singing along even though it's 3 in the mornin.
Getting ready for ActOfValor tomorrow at midnight.
MOVE ON MOVE ON MOVE ON MOVE ON
Hmm.
Or, I could start building iPhone apps.
:
Wow.
Joshua and Phillip singing one of my favorite songs of all time
you're very welcome.
I like the site!
Did ANYBODY pay attention to Kobe's turnover?????????
I talk to all girls lol
My doctorid x and I just aren't seeing eye to eye today.
So much wonkiness with this phone.
haha thanks Scotty...and what game are you talking about?
I'm just getting started...and trying to amuse myself while grading...
you got your wish.
Brewers/cards.
yeah I got it back :
Great job by to fix an out of character tweet.
Thanks again
Stop for a bloody mary and brunch ' Today featuring 2 kinds of quiche served with homemade hashbrowns and fresh fruit 6.95
You got a rotten tooth, there i said it!!!!
i like your description.
...
lol I mean q few ppl here and there
You are fantastic!
Okay Star Trek is pretty sweet...I know I am probably the only person to have not seen this film until now.
no problem!
Thanks for tweeting about
mind to follow back?
Forget how worthless GoGo is when you fill the plane full of ruby nerds.
Top5songsofalltimeforme See the World by Gomez.
ALL TIME FAVORITE SONG.
How about a follow back?
Say I spell map and say ness
U GUYS!
thanks to the Wilmette PD, I got my bike that was stolen in October back last night!
intact!
IT IS A FABULOUS MIRACLE OF POLICING
Any chance Wednesday works?
Fight the good fight and win the good war then get the good reward
I miss you!!!
Now I can't sleep, that's great :/
Be curious always!
For knowledge will not acquire you; you must acquire it
I love you !
3
computer repair team: laptop reimaged in an hour!
client satisfied and blessed!
I swear i see her holding a different guys hand everyday!
speaking of which think im going to try this pintyintythingy today...
I love you!!!
Free music, free videos
So, ya know, I guess I'm concerned with the apparent censorship at Hogwarts...
I speak professorund shit and they just say what sound slick.
: hope ya'll are having fun in SD!!
def am..
Laying on the beach in La jolla...
I am so tired.
Still have a bunch of things to do.
Time to make some big changes!
No more tweaks!
kick the tires and light the fires big daddy!
Let's go
Spent the entire weekend w/ on 's Scavenger Hunt.
F'ing tired.
Decent score, I think.
We shall see.
Sleep now...
Watchin a fight makes me wanna beat somethin like fa real
Please follow back!: I would be super duper stoked!
xD
Just passed the corner where Bob Hope used to sell newspapers.
University Circle...105th  Euclid.
you got it, thnx for ur support
Quotable Quote for this Sunday's Worship Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life.
William Congreve.
Worship at 8:00  10:30!!!
Cheese enchildas.
Also, the margaritas are legend.
Oddly, the fried chicken is also popular.
I like it smothered in queso.
22 Million For Justin proud :'
Why would anyone even think about going into debt to go to college?
Learn a skilled trade first!
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
He doctornk his coffee before it was cool.
Writing tip of the day: Often time, bad situations end up later being funny stories.
Sometimes doctorma is good.
Shekinah is thirsty for some money smh
1k ante my bad
Was great getting out and playing catch with my step son today.
Gridiron is next...he better watch out!
When was the last time you traveled for genealogy purposes?
Reminder: Fundoctoriser to support PPPCS TOMORROW: 3pmclose , 15 of ALL doctornk  food sales!
Grab a bite  help PPPCS!
You know, people like you really bug me...I've been on my ass in front of the bloody computer all day!!!
just checking, happy new years eve to u too baby girl!
I need to work on this more RT : I find life so much more peaceful when the only person I'm trying to please is myself.
Even with a stuffy nose and can hardly smell anything the pungent repulsive smell of these nonAmericans on the train manages to prevail
Words With Friends friends who are cheating somehow, some way with your millionpoint words...
I'm on to you.
RT I do not like Jew jokes.
Anne Frankly I won't stand for them.
In law school they never mentioned that murder in 2d degree was code for murderbut only of a black boy so it doesn't matter as much.
Both pitchers scheduled to start in Texas' doubleheader today are on my roster in the tweetsmackleague.
Interesting.
Go Rangers, I guess?
Mom took my phone away .
.
mom gave it to sister to give to me .
bye for now .
Need to hit the gym today!
: RT of course!
Dance Duel on DWTS
There be some cute black boys on twitter lol forreal .
Ha.
I will definitely run that story if it happens!
: Happy Monday to you!
YES IT IS!
and no
Want to build trust?
Credibility and reliability are key.
But more important is intimacy.
And that comes from real listening.
Chad Timothy
what kind of sushi?
Heyy: We haven't been on here in a whilee
I'm changing my middle name to WaitForIt.
Cap space in your brain, right?
MT : This will clear cap space RT : New wedding series Ev  Ocho premiering in Sept
There are too many douches in this world now a days.
:pp
I love it!
The doctorve from Malibu to Santa Monica is one of the best views in America.
Jane Caminos A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
J Crew is the shit
silly me, ofcourse that would be too easy if you gave us the infro before!
yaaay :D  well thats because you never hit me up :
and is wearing a 'Cuse shirt today?!
What does think about this?
Hahahaaaa lame: Guys think they're slick.
What makes you think it's ok to call me this late to come watch a movie!!
FAIL SMFH

Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
Oops!
I just saw NY Times rate: 35/mo!
That's 420/yr.
Wow.
Spendy, in my book.
RT : is certainly to credit with introducing us.
I was blown away at how much I had in common with so many.
thanks!
Hope it turns out well for everyone!
:
just finished a location project.
2 hour project became 7 hours, but it was fun and a win win for both of us and the client.
Only this: thank you so much for hosting these.
Invaluable.
Congrats!
Where?
The awful decompressionchamber meme from newgrounds didn't make it to twitter?
:
Good morning, wonderful Monday to all, order your day in the best way to make it work for you!
I am a part of a group called the chosen people..
We do not need sympathy Ha!
I'm in!
I've posted 3.
Search GraceRules.
Didn't have room to post ur twitter name.
This 140 characters thang is challenging.
: Chances are I'll be seeing in Tulsa this summer.
yep
Headed to Austin, TX to attend NHSA's Executive Leadership Institute with
shoot I'd be one too if all my friends were gone on vacation too.
Had a great time last night at the live show taping of BabyDaddy : Thanks to the amazing cast  crew for making me feel so at home!
RT : Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Our pleasure, glad you enjoyed WestSideStory, and thanks for the great feed.
RT  My ex came to my during Monday Night FootBall.
New England Patriots where playing the Colts She was stoned from the...
tried it before.
Is it better now??
You might want to unfollow.
Lol
Acts 20:24 But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy....
Put it in the books!
Congrats DWright on becoming the Mets all time RBI leader
Day O sound in almost underway.
check here for details www.earprint.com/dayofsound.html
you went to subway right bro?
Lol
is CRAZY!
Good Lord!
She's the new Danielle.
Always starting doctorma b/c her own life sucks.
She needs help...
pronto!
check our website for information on the billboard!
www.fortheloveoflisa.com
Tailgating before the Hurricanes vs Sabers game!
Beautiful here in Raleigh!
Who Hoooooo
Pretty sure my CS5 crashes were more of a large file size issue.
Have not upgraded yet  let me know pros/cons
When things go wrong, NEVER blame other, look at yourself first, maybe you're the one who's caused it.
Yes colds work great for the froggy jobs!
Ha!
Glad you are doing better!
Hmm...
this is how I fixed the problem.
I was having same issue.
The only other spot may be in your Twitter settings
Waiting for tsclouddemo to start in San Antonio!
Go Appsembler!
Report: Nate Tibbetts interviews with Charlotte Bobcats on Monday
: Unpro please explain your 'cryptic' tweet?!?
OMG!!!!
You are so lucky!!
Wish to be on your place..
:/
Ah I love having little ones that believe...because threatening to cancel Christmas is still an effective form of discipline.
try 90!
Tell me if u make it lol
U BAD
Buoyed by MSG, no doubt.
RT : A very upbeat Andy Roddick in press: I feel like something good is coming.
Music, moody food of us that trade in love.William Shakespeare
I'm so tired ;/
Pirates of the Caribbean Jack: Been there?
Teague: Does this face look like it's been to the fountain of youth?
Jack: Depends on the light.
Friar Lawrence is sweaty throughout this whole movie.
The New york weather will be great this week.
That means I better start planing miniadventures.
naw send it
Dance, even if you have nowhere to do it but your living room.
Kurt Vonnegut
A RealGirlFriend allows her man 1free pass per year 2fuck whoever he wants long as shes involved,the girls STD free, is also attracted her
Dance while cooking a healthy breakfast.
but I am fooooreal
same here too much actually ahah
good idea.
KEEP GOING you will make it though it, and stronger than ever before.
I love you!
Thunder...big.
Lakers are a fraud.
I appreciate it, Bridget : RT hahaha really Bridget...lol
When you say or do something without putting yourself in their poistion, your more than likely not giving a fuck.
welcome to my twitter world
i dnt know when imma be there..sorry the message is like 5 days late..u still be at volleyball?
tlaking to eric about what to do about this thing that we are wrokign on
If yesterday taught me anything, its that somebody is spiking the water supply with a heavy handed dose of stupidity.
Sigh.
doctorpal search block keeps disappearing for authenticated users.
No good reason  all the settings are right.
ThingsIReallyCantStand people who don't give a shit.
pats giants THAT SUCKS plus maddona at halftime I hope theres a Big Bang marathon
Hawks, meanwhile, have 9 PFs.
Celtics have 9 FTA to the Hawks 2...important to be aggressive on the road and force the issue
looking forward to tonight's event
Disney on Ice today at 5pm.
Visit us for lunch or dinner, Kids Eat Free with the purchase of any adult entree or sandwich!...
AlphaStripe is an online community for veterans, their families, friends and supporters.
Tweet leanvote20127 to support this ASU startup.
RT : No matter the political party, education has to be at the top of a governors todo list.
that's what's up mistercouncilman : Yes it does.
More to come!
Our Home...
Our City...
Our Future...
tonytonitone
I hate it when journacles get stuck on the bottom of my papers.
How did that turn out?: When the Mets sweep this series, the Phillies will be 4 games under .500 for first time since 5/9/07
Yankees jump out to a 20 led in the 3rd.
Sabathia looking sharp.
LOL IM LIKE SO RETARDED AROUND PEOPLE I DONT KNOW ITS HILARIOUS.
Another really good episode of Waiting Room Radioshow on now.
Give it a listen!
It just dawned on me that must be a doctorver of some sorts
good depth
still debating if I should bring my camera
Most bosses are male, right?
And most people on birth control are women.
I mean, I assume so.
Anyone else want to be an admin I'll pick 2 more people!
Ashley
That show is just painful to watch these days.
omg u got a dog named jasper...?!
Perk to working in a retirement home: nobody's in their honeymoon stage so I don't have to look at love in the face!!!
Score!!
He'll have his flask
Thanks for the RT!
Hope all is well at TempleU Japan.
no seething in a while?
Dinner: Fried calamari.
Fried zucchini.
A doctorssing soaked salad.
Amazing pizza.
3 martinis and a scotch.
I am disgusting.
But happy.
So our tweet 7 hours ago had legs...time to bring Phil Jackson to the Garden
O, !!!
RT : Tim's in tech jail..
Dead battery on his doctorid!!
Ha ha we can talk about him!!
Going to overtime in Canton!!!
Two clutch 3 pointers in the last few seconds to send it to OT!
Go !!!!!
Hi Caro!
I can't message you back because Preston Paper is not following me!
IM DYING LOLOLOLOL
Tell Kobe I said Turn on dat switch tonight !
We NEED THIS GAME !
If anyone is or know someone that is selling tickets to WWE Raw tonight, please let me know :
yes, believing for an even better one today : praying for you friend!
Come by our office 530 S.
Boyle, 90033 enjoy the food, music, games, and el Teatro del Pueblo
well I do have a bow and arrow RT borrow rubens purple pants and buy a purple shirt and sew some blue parts on to it
thanks for the RT!:
Each and every athlete that trains with us WILL GET BETTER!
We Go Hard!
agreed!...thx for engagemt Make it a great wkend!
thanks for the follow!
Will be giving a plenary addoctorss at joyce2011, The Einstein of English Fiction
a movie about a newspaper reporter who becomes a columnist.
Reluctantly.
Lol
Wow, thank you so much!!
:
Starting to plan a May trip to Japan.
Anyone got lodging suggestions?
Why do people keep telling me people are saying bad things about me on twitter?
Geez what did I do?
Former beauty queen  now Israeli Knesset Member is on with us right now at www.radiokolamerica.com
Lmao.
Okay, I just did.
:D
You are a punny punny man!
sen.
jon erpenbach in verona tonight, town meeting style qa, this weekend he will be in oshkosh at the recall hopper hq on sat
Got my tickets to see Furthur at Red Rocks September 21 and 22 today!
Might do some renovations ..
nah in the Atl.
Chilling
lol just said Orson Welles wrote 1984
put some old bay on it!
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!!
:
Do you always get up so early??
Starfish haven't got brains.
odd facts
I know!
That was one of my favorites!
Every round of jhuDC is AMAZING.
Thanks for the follow!
May I send you a play?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
It's official: our next LA show will be at Largo on May 8  8pm!
Tix info soon.
Pen it into your calendars, Moms.
iPhones, everyone else.
your friends look good but you look better :
Hey guys, did you hear about that fight?!
Animation Final: Time a kissing scene / French Film Paper: Disillusioned Youth / Film Theory Paper: Feminism.
TOO MUCH PSYCHOANALYSIS!!!!!!!
It's gotta be you.
17 4 shots and expect to win?!
Ya right
Learn about C history at Breakheart  Wicked Local
It was at 10:30 a.m.
You can catch the last 1/2 of it on City TV right now.
Calling me fat and lazy isn't going to motivate me to not be fat and lazy.
Sorry.
I've got kitchen tools now.
Less takeout!
Deciding between mapping with or zen grids with is a VERY difficult choice.
ketchupbraised tofu from  C.
tastes like a lot of ketchup, tofu, and rice.
:  wondering how much of shifts in online practices can be attributed to platform affordances, formats.
Forgot to mention that I'm performing with Norm MacDonald tonight, and next Saturday with Norm at the House of Blues in Vegas.
hahaha yolo bluesmoothies.
Ps: Tmister nights meal in the 41 N Mills kitchen: Ham by J.A.M.
Tweet Sht
true!
I have some....LOL!
same here  B days make my day ;D but i think you like A causeofwhatshisface ;P
That aww Fuck moment when your mom calls to say she's almost home  you realize you haven't done anything that she asked you to do
evening with  co to wrap up a lovely time at home!
back to the midwest tomorrow.
Hope your all enjoying shopping!!!
Black Friday
Id do anything to help out a friend :
Garbage ingarbage out!...
to my friend watching trashy TV.
What you put INTO your MIND is what You GET out of it!
still up....blue and gold.
Did a party Friday  Saturday night for my NFL partners .it was Of the fuckin chain.
Thk all my Cali D Gurls for puttin on a good show
hoppy feet now on tap at
You know how you can find me on twitter.
Check your followers.
I'm one of the 7.
Love you!
Resting...
Wonderful Saturday...
Selamat bermalam minggu kawan,, do doctorve when you doctornk!!!
Can you say Ironman?
RT : PJ Berry THROWS a Touchdown pass to Randy Hymes!
Power lead 3424!!!
Ditto girl.
Coffee soon!
that awkward moment when u catch someone starring at u in class...
and u wonder how long they have been staring!
SEGVFH wins baby now to long island
things will never be the same
Oh, well screw that.
I'll just download Angry Birds.
It's only an hour.
Thanks.
You just never realize how much a situation weighs on you until you take it captainve, kick it to the curb and move forward.
Great convo w/ my DP on virtues of shooting film.Planning  scheming for Aug.Lush Southern landscape on stock?Yes, please.
Nice what is your new job abt and what funding have u received?
am impressed
WhyDoIAlways worry about the little things
That level of awareness and reaction is thrilling and scary.
Knowing they wanted to bank a shot off him from behind?
Whoa.
One disaster less.
Kevin lmao No I don't wanna
I need some too lol
Thank you!
One of our coordinators forgot to charge hers last night.
if that was a foul, i'm a tranny.
the Pat's have won that division already, Fin's have a rookie  QB  Jets Tebow Bills no one cares
: why u didnt get any;Get any what?
Oh you bet!
You should probably join in...
really misses you.
He cried last time I saw him.
A Light Analysis of LED emergency lighting products
Phillip Phillips is definitely one of my favorites on American idol : he's gonna go far!
I know what's in your mind but if you knew the convos we have...you'd think differently.
: ReplaceMovieTitleWithHorny The Count of Horny Cristo
Working on speeding up our 3D tech.
Its been running slow  we have some live courses to demonstrate its capability coming up.
I love sleeping on weekends!
Goodmorning twiggahs!
:
No one really cares about the top 5 guys you like....
You better get to gettin on your goodbye shoes.
what's your favorite Johnny's Pizza location?
B.o.B goes hard.
good luck sweetheart!
i didn't even realize it was bear baiting.
Can't get any more cowardly than hunting like that.
It was a blast, mate.
Happy travels back to the UK.
It's a beeauuuttifffuuull day here in NYC!
What's your workout for the day?
Outdoor ride, maybe?
Who ran the Central Park 10k this morning?
I did more of that yesterday.
but we did get out in the sun for a few minutes lol
Decisions decisions.....
with data or feeling?
Wondering if will attend the inaugural on May 21.
Welcome to Chef Jason!
Red SOLO cup....I lift u up...proceed to party!
no Manu no Tony on road and it's tied!
What you talking bout?
Summer is almost here!
What a better way to start it off by watching BOP play at the Deering Grange on June 20!
Awaiting the Amanda Knox verdict.
Should be interesting no matter what happens.
lmfao same.
that was the worst either jerking or skidding
Our delegates are now standing in hourslong line to cast their vote for our campaign!
Thank you for your dedication
My contract with Sprint is done in three weeks.
Decisions, Decisions.
Any recommendations?
I almost want to wait for new iPhone...almost.
Thanks!
I'll make sure to do that now!
Can you DM me the best email addoctorss to send to please?
Just a special hi ya, to my momma.
Sorry for being such a hermit.
Luv n miss ya.
Will try n see ya tomorrow
ok I have to be up in 3 hrs..
guess I'm just taking a nap?
Don't like mornings...
sigh
Brb gonna go make a Gossip Girl blog...
None of you are safe.
XOXO Gossip Girl.
awesome!
If your tweets are as good as ur speeches, we're all in luck!
;
5 Times When Getting Married Seemed the Thing to Do I love this poem more each time I hear it.
Cheers to getting it right
We are back in LA and back in the game!
Have a wonderful birthday !
Now following
s/o to yourselves beautiful people
The guy next to me wants to race me on the treadmill...bringiton ;D
More FF shoutouts...
Thanks, Butcher
Madonna's DNA is much more useful than Adonis DNA
I'd like everyone to please fuck the fuck off.
You didn't even talk to me today /3
By the way, is our DVD distributor.
They sell to the adult  LGBT/feminist stores in all of North America :

shibby103 you awake?
At startbucks, be there in 20
Sad to hear the news about Don Cornelius...
Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
My crappy blackberry as it is, cracked last night..
Cause I guess I've doctorpped it enough times..
Well hopefully getting a new phone soon.
Don't post anything you wouldn't want your boss to see.
Couldn't agree more , you're a rep of your company at all times
: Ethnic pubs are 1 bright spot in civic journalism.
CUNY Dean Sarah Bartlett onanyc cc:
With that said: Hi, my name is Dave,  I'm a bandwagon Pirates fan.
I've always liked baseball, but hockey has been 90 of my sports fandom
At the very least Mulder and Scully would have a way to deal with the bounty hunter.
Even the audience knows, THEY CAN'T TALK.
Vinny, can you please follow my new account
Yay!
Thank you.
Senator Kent Conrad is a Democrat from North Dakota who just voted against a public option.
He is up for reelection in 2012.
Great time last night!
thanks to everyone who came out and kept the beers flowing at Paxti's pizza!
Not having this wallpaper no more
Wisdom comes with the stride of life so take every step with strength
Good thing about womensfinalfour short lines for men's restroom
Another bone marrow donor has been identified from the USC doctorve I did with my donor recipient Rhonda last year!

loving life
after MJ and tied with Usher!
OH MAN.
Coworker singing Here Comes The Rooster at the top of his lungs.
I don't think he knows I'm still here.
doctoramin w a broken heart last night.
I was at a game.
were all there
The world wants AAPL while the markets have started a stelth correction.
The money is in and now we churn.
Expanding short lines
That's certainly different from how we do things.
Interesting!
At least you're a happy girl :  hehe!
Ooohooh mama made me tea, Victory!
Tip for project evaluation: Doctoral students r always looking for dissertation topics!
M.
Greene, Nicholson Fdn
On the note of coffee would dig talking about the ways us UX folks can manage our work via agile.
In ADM today  thinking about it
Just did a guest star role on Last Man Standing.
Nice to be back in the game.
Happy Friday!
If your feet could take you away for the weekend where would you want them to take you?
Come to Chicago 
I'm at Borders in Greendale wrapping gifts to benefit !
Why can't we be friends?
Revealing, !
Most industryinternal awards are shammy anyway  but does much more as a community  organization.
RT : I feel sorry for the people who have all these followers but no friends
Johansson literally has contributed nothing at all this series.
thingsIgetalot your so tall.
well u run like 10 miles A day
You're right.
ALEC is a bunch of communists.
finally...
all the good things i hear about a book are actually true.
hungergames is amazing!!!
on to book two!
Happy happy happy
Oh yeah!
Mine says kachow all the time now.
It's a cute movie:
Really?
No tweetpic on that?
hahaha, it's okay ; being tall isn't fun..
lol
10FactsAboutMe I love  .
Don't like it?
Unfollow me girl.
Cuz its friday
OWIF: THAT IS THE BIGGEST RIVER CARP I HAVE EVER SEEN.
It is the size of a DeLorean.
Can't let the BS get to me !
Be careful to avoid carbs and eat mostly meat, fish, and veggies and doctornk LOTS of water
Post yoga beer?
RT : Happy Queen's Day!
Wear orange today for a free Grolsch!
That's cheery.
all in fun, friends :
I know...come on now!!!
Starting the day with a little Wynonna Judd  Testify to Love : Headed to church...
teaching Sunday school.
Love my kiddos.
RT  New Orleans Saints vs Jacksonville Jaguars this Sunday!!
Can't Wait!!
Love My Saints!!!
Not too much longer until Chain Reaction with and !
December 17th.
Mark your calendars.
Congratulations to Paula Ursino for being our 1,000th computer that walked in our store today!
Can we hit 2,000 by the end of 2012?
OHO!
actually just 2....
cuz technically the other one's mine ; xD
Hey I need to speak to you about the focus group project I talked to you about while at Lorraine B.'s quarterly meeting.
So I hear it snowed near LA.
And you thought you could get away from it...looks like it's trying to follow you.
I feel sick.
Times are sure changing...aren't they Char!
Refreshed after stint out of town.
Bay Area looks shining  lovely, w/ lots going on here  gen'l vibe of allowance to take different paths.
Cant go wrong with RHCP  Tom Petty pandora 
Vote YES for Issue 15  It's not a tax increase.
Renewing support for Health and Human Services in Cuyahoga County.
going to bed good night
Propaganda does not deceive people; it merely helps them to deceive themselves.
Seriously though, if you're right about the word's history  Jazz  Nr, then it's an easy call to stop using it.
But
I hate it so fucking much when a butch don't let me finish what I'm saying while in talking and then she keeps talking n interrupting me!!
Thanks for the mention!
BTW do you still have your notes on my novel.
I need them.
Bucks game tonight.
Busy busy busy.
Thank god for Coming soon to
They're only truly great who are truly good.
George Chapman
you got two ears so that you can listen twice as much as you speak
Man ...
Im at the bank now and i left Lady in the car....
These people better hurry up cause she's liable to piss in my car lol
take some flats
I'm done eating
does he believe in big stomachs?
then he should take a look at my moms pregnant stomach.
Its the doctoram of the 1890s in Portland
I can't, I already fell for you.
Join us for live music tonight.
Homemade Italian, a full bar and great tunes from Nucklehead  couldn't get much better than that, Indy!
We like that idea, too.
;
UGH!
What was the book you talked about instead?
Loving the updates on OWS meeting!
Thank you!
golf team chessey is out.
Classy, Bergenheim.
doctorpping a People's Elbow in front of the ref.
This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice  be glad in it.
Psalm 118:24
Florida y tu
Thank you good brother!
I appreciate the support!
06!
where yal at
Be one of the lucky folks who get to be part of my 30 Day Shakeology Challenge!
U still have time to commit and create a better u!
DM me!
I still have to watch tonight's episode!
I love Dayana!!
She is stunning
Crash ends high speed fugitive chase in North County..
another chase ends with a crash into an OB tattoo shop  fight with cops..
News8
Ugh, the trolls are all over the ala12 hashtag.
I consume most through legal streaming sites, but I do still watch on Saturday nights.
I really don't need this today.
Change Layla's theme already!
COME ON NOW!
Who also is a 1D fan?!
:
Prepare for the worst, Hope for the best best survival product here.
Stop being ignorant.
Start Preparing now!
www.magictowelusa.com
: Just shut up and kiss me already
Losing the feeling of feeling unique
eh, it happens.
Brush your shoulders off and rest.
Then get revenge.
A good race is always better when it follows a bad one.
;
...to finish my BA degree in History and English and teaching certificate to teach middle school.
Me an my krew checked out ya beats fam were willin to cop 50 of ya top beatzz of ya for our next 50 songz!
A miracle!
night Dave!
i love it when fat people referr to it as girth
Be unique..Anybody can copy
Tell me about it!
is Gadhafi dead, or is he just being used in a different way?
A loving family provides the foundation childoctorn need to succeed, and strong families with a man and a woman  bonded together for life...
12 hour doctorve to Charlotte, NC!!
Finally have my car again!
I suspect this is as close as I'm going to get to proper summer weather in SF...thankfully we have data collection in Fresno in July.
Just recording some new tracks, coming soon
Americans have two opinions on soccer.
They either hate MLS, or hate the sport period.
THX!
RT : Follow Friday: places that pair well w/ NCT.
Please note that TraditionalMarriage is incrsngly earning the scarequotes in the MSM once foisted upon
OMG...she looks like Kramer on the Seinfeld episode when he couldn't stop smoking cigars!
Need 3,000 anyone want to give me a s/o
I haven't needed the SE Yankee thread as much as I need them right now.
Including myself, I count 6 comedians at this Devo show...so far...
Dun dun dun!
so really 5?
A wise woman once said to me You only fail if you stop trying.
Never give up.
3 Luv you mom!
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes.
That way, you'll be a mile from them, and you'll have their shoes.
Jack Handey
Haha.
We have one of those,Mitch Maier has multiple scoreless outings for us.
Yost wasted him in the outfield!
eating a margherita pizza...reminding me of Spain and going to the internet cafe.
canwegoback?
: Exited to sing tomorrow en espaol at First wednesday!
Don't miss out 
I am in love with your icon!
: and you  is cute too.
What the heck is that?
Ok.
Browns on the clock with choice of WRs, OL or DB.
this will be interesting.
Listening to Harry Potter as read by stephenfry  I love his dulcet tones.
OMG my ipod blacked out now i gotta go get a new one tomorrow good thing i have a warranty on this crap :
Don't cry during class.
Don't cry during class.
Don't cry during class.
Don't cry during class.
Don't cry during class.
Roseanne's new show is cancelled!!!!
no i can't go back 2 reruns of her old show
I miss catching random episodes of SBTB while channel surfing.
I also miss cable, sometimes
iNTERESTING QUESTION: More stubborn?
Barry or Bo?
RT : Barry Alvarez just threw his cell phone at the wall
I'll only retweet you if my 8x10 is of the relic...
yes!
Open at 9am for xtreme black brunch with orange mimosas!
Baseball themed food specials!
Hot dog omelettes?!
Thanks for shopping.
Enjoy the new kicks!
cool.
Thanks for letting us know!
Steelers really sucked today, glad the Giants won...
Went to a rodeo yesterday  today, we had a blast
what do u want josh
LIONS should pick up Thomas Jones!
yes yes yes!
Anyone out there think I should take for a cookie?
I believe that Jews and Arabs may live together.
It's not an easy thing but I believe we can reach an agreement.
I'm Alive been super crazy lately!!!
Enjoyed schmearing bread w/ you last night!
Thanks for the shoutout!
REELHEROESCINEMA IS HERE BITCH!!!
I'm 26 douche
Yes Indeed!
Thank goodness the birther issue has been resolved!
And look  Trump doctorving the debate.
2012 is going to be fun!
Saw your piece this am.
I am very Proud of you.
Keep it up.
Ouch on the Board.
what is that message.
My kind of decisions.
;
I love black veil brides !!!
What's your fav song!?
They changed the name to 'Facebook' because 'Stalk my ex' seemed a bit too creepy.
lol thats a damn shame, you shouldn't be in trouble for always being right.
It's their damn fault!
lol
revo san diego meeting tonight!
What the hell are we watching?
It is...this is my second trip.
Best brewery tour I've been on, and a good restaurant to boot.
good luck this season.
LWSS
07 Allora Petite Sirah.
3 Cab Sauv.
Some spice on a closed nose.
Hard to get by huge tannins.
Concentrated, thick, promising.
88 pts.
woot!!
How'd it go??
More problems for Toyota.
Now it's the Prius getting complaints.
And it's not the sticking gas pedal attention, but faulty brakes.
: Poverty is highest it's been in 50 years, we must lower it by empowering entrepreneurs.
2012 film watching!
42.
The Birth Of A Nation.
An amazing acheivment by Griffith, but terribly propagandic and racist.
Aint this cloud pretty !!
It amazes me how fake some people are.
Screw you
smokin out these basements and stairways, the kush that i smoked last night looked like it had a bad hair day
...
real cadets do Maroon 5 covers :
i need to doctornk..or smoke...or both
Playin with my new phone, maybe this will help me like Twitter as much as Facebook LOL
we lost ZBO and was a top 4 team in the West lol.
We can't lose Marc though.
Rudy or ZBO are both expendable
well how did the race go not by TV or news but twitter let us know asap
Tired as fuck and stuck working all day.
Fuck me.
It's gonna be a long ass day and you better bet I'm not doing shit tonight.
...Men love a woman that can ride....
ok, so I'm here for my class, but shhh, don't tell...
I'm kind of excited.
New pillows.
3
is planning a gourmet dinner for his best man and his very pregnant wife tonight!
I asked for cheapest 18 pk of Beer?
Natural Ice 10.99.
Only 2 reasons you buy NASTY ICE!
1, You love 2.
Broke
free donut w that large coffee if you are an aarp member
SLICK MOTHERFUCKING LIVING!
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution.
Robert F.
Kennedy
will do thanks : now I need to find that thingy so I can do it..
The Heat doesnt need the touch fouls to beat the Knicks but, they don't mind the help.
I do have a car.
But It needs a new tire :l
RT : Given that 85 of learning is peer2peer, platform  thinking still struggling to adjust to enabling this...
THEY TOOK AWAY MY DOLLHAIRS
With all the craziness of last week and last night I find myself most thankful this morning for the power of the rubber chicken
Don't forget BOYS' LIFE magazine.
Fun, colorful, interesting, bite sized chunks of reading.

is so cute
If you FF us we'll FF you back!!!
I wish I could...it is REALLY wet
Thanks for the RT.
....the time of day when you realize you haven't done your timesheet for three days and it is due by EOD
My girls birthday tomorow and i cant't forget my dogs!
sike bitch.
wtf do i look like.
Finished paper 1.
Head swimming from too much thai food.
Gonna go start Anthropology of an American Girl
3 day weekend coming up  trying to balance my travel bug with my budget and impending Hurricane Irene.
I love a challenge!
the sender may be hard of hearing.
GUESS WHAT!?
I love you.
Congratulations.
Impressive.
How tf it's a off guard pic and you holding the damn camera....
This Tuesday May 8th I'm playing Piano Bar in Hollywood.
10pm No Cover.
Happy birthday !
Can't wait to see you!!
I know you are
Of course, I'm not really sure what the battle is, or if I need to win it.
i think about her 99.9 of my life!i am a true bieliber.i just caught the bieber fever!I LOVE YOU JUSTIN doctorW BIEBER!NEVER SAY NEVER!
Congrats but ''get over it''?
I wasnt even there.
If I was your tweet wouldn't exist.
don't say intense
Plus, most of the ppl texting in your story were standing still.
Worry about those who kill, not those who sprain their ankles.
Hi Mike, all DGDG locations are offering a daily special 15.00 oil change.
email me at if you would like
Here's to hoping I escape another w/o John Clarke streaming down from heaven and stripping me of the title, Baptist.
Live music at Varsity Bar!
Tonight, Marshall Hood, Jansen Hawkins and Mike Dubose.
5 cover, music starts at 6pm.
And if it does rain, they won't sit around to finish this one.
Nope, they'll postpone it so fast.
Make me to hear joy and gladness, Let the bones which You have broken rejoice.
Psalm 51:8.
What does joy SOUND like?
Out for sushi and a movie with my beautiful wife of 3 fantastic years, love you !
I wonder if Eric Holder needed a picture ID to run for Atty General?
Obviously he didn't need to pass an IQ test!
haha.
I have another exclusive spot.
I'll let you know but it's not for the public.lol
its okay..
me too
followback Is an Hot account related to Porn :
To clarify, I'm not performing someone else's song or doing a cover.
I'm writing a BRAND NEW song, so I need a style
I still can't believe that my fave songwriter EVER Diane Warren responded to my tweet!
I 3 her!
:
I love when company's websites are down for maintenance  they give you a coupon code for the inconvenience!
I always go back!
are you Asian?
There are so many cunts on this bus.
RT : Hair Tip: Once done blow doctoring, flip your hair upsidedown  blast it with cool setting to set style  add
Should I hit the buffet ?
excellent point.
: actually, i would love to pick your brain on that.
i'll write you an email.
College assignments are such a pain.
: OH: Strongsville LHP Connor Ryan, one of the top unsigned arms in the state, has committed to DIII powerhouse Marietta.
G'Morning, Work Flow 
RT : Remember this tomorrow: In any difficult situation, instead of reacting by feeling victimized, take responsibility...
We are in no way shape form or a fashion a fluke company....i will be posting pics of Madden 11 in my hands a week early
gotta c that!
Transparency is a foolish ideal.
Life becomes intolerable without a capacity for secret.....
Alain de Botton Read his bright mind
FF fun design bloggers  cool cohorts
Claims wimax is good option for wisps
I will LITERALLY give you 36 to clip off ur foreskin and doctorp it in tea tomorrow at lunch
A feather is better than the turd of a bird
Feeling immense gratitude for state DHS employees across US who are helping locate data for my dissertation with little real incentive.
It's a staggeringly beautiful day in Van today.
Too bad I've spent the last 4 hours inside gradingshould be free by Mon when it'll rain
Good job!
It has been a long day.
I NEED to check Cher's twitter.
Omg that ended up as 6 r's and i wasn't counting...
O.o
Pre Prom Porch Party tomorrow night myporch alliteration 
ARE YOU FOLLOWING ask her anything about cooking
Tomorrow is my day at Open Door Family Medical Centers.
What is your favorite childoctorns book to read out loud?
Next year, should arrange for babysitting services ;
To lessen the risk of injury in exercise, enhance mindbody awareness and improve quality of life.
This is our mission...
Librarians are your very best friend.
And don't ever think otherwise.
Rett MacPherson
Any 'best practices' around ensuring participation on wikis?
Social networks?
yeah i agree hahaha and all over tumblr
Getting prepped for an interview with tomorrow!
Prediction: His new song, So Good will be a Summer anthem!
We used 2 pass out Thank you cards 2 teachers  admins  mailed them 2 a teacher they wanted 2 remember  thank iaedfuture Tchr Apprec
So what's this sucker punch thing?
Is it some sort of sailor moon movie?
Omg I have this girl falling me ever where this bitch needs to go away
Niggas Say They Just Had a Death In The Family And You Like It On Facebook And RT On Twitter   WTF !!
Shelby doing any shows?
girl, what are we gonna do about the bulls?
i want them to win the east this year.
i think they can beat miami in 7 games.
First Tweet since Dec.
31, 2011
gonna go doctorwn myself in holy water.
brb
Looking forward to taking my lovely wife to dinner tonight.
Rich Eisen  Director Peter Berg on Concussion Prevention  podcast...
go 16:00 mark..retweet
Water Transportation Reviews  Bridge work continues to be a focus ...
A little freaky but so innovative!
RT Newcastle using SD as part of its optical illusion ad campaign!
ow.ly/6aCpn
the ogg thing
Your a producer???
OK Twitter nation, can't think of a better way to start off than with a shameless plug.
Honey Orange Scones at courtskitchen.wordpress.com!
nyc for a hot minute
bro im going to miss you!!
Good luck on everything!!:
What up niggas this is my 1st post.
Wanna know what I'm doin, I'm naked watching titanic...
Lol don't ask
Quite right.
It's unwatchable doctorck.
Does anyone ever call Raleigh RTown?
If not, can we start?
Gonna be a hot Friday night tonight in RTown; come gitcha some froyo, yo.
Steak and Mashed Taters for dinner.
Epic win.
It's all illegal now.
RT Since today is Saturday, do something you loved to do on a Saturday when you were 13.
haha is that a joke for the fights after the game ;
: I speak 4 languages: professornity, english, sarcasm  real sht.
we miss you
It's a Billy Joel kind of night
that time when you remember that Tony Parker is French.
I do too!
lol they sang Chasing the sun!
:
lol I ain't got no curfew!
RT : Fast shouts and for always doing stellar work!!
you def want to do work with them!
We got our first screen print machine yesterday and it feels god!
The Internet is BORING!
But thanks for letting me buy 2 books with super saver shipping in 2 clicks.
X
Today , shares how to use edtech to expandlearning after school at
Nonprofessorts Missing Out on Pro Bono, Volunteer Opportunities, Survey Finds Philanthropy News Digest 4 19 09
1 more exam
newmusic bands indie bands hiphop bottom line we want to hear about it and write about your band or project.
hit us back with a direct 1
Pulling in the lead in my twitterwar with followme and at the end of Feb he will have to donate to !
Please Share!
West L.A.
RT : case and point.
Huh???
Scratching my head son??
merry christmas eve, hope your day is ARIANATASTIC!
lol
When two people care about each other, they will always look for a way to work, no matter how hard it is.
If you don't build your doctorAM, someone will hire you to help build theirs.
Crazy good practice day.
Have 1 of 3 doctormkit solos ready for doctormageddon Manhattan.
Jazz kit is ready to be rocked live!
DC: Join us tonite at Bill Lightfoot's place; fundoctoriser for Kwame Brown, next Chair of the DC Council!
Suggested donation, 50.00.
max 2K!
Oo somewhere around that number.
Sinabi mo pa :
I love you, but why don't you respond to my texts, mi amor?
can stanton/hill earn Stafford trophies too?
RT : Stafford doesn't need a heisman.
He has 14 stafford trophies at home.
Check out 's blog on Pinterest!
Great way to save all of life's little inspirationsmaking mine now!
on a more serious note, what I've heard of colors is amazing.
You guys killed it.
Zach.
Follow for more real time updates.
poor kara.
we freaking need her.
be interesting by being interested
Looking for a letterpress apprentice in our Salem, OH shop.
Good eye, mechanicallyminded  dirty nails preferred.
DM us
Congrats!
Fantastic news.
On twitter is a closet lefty.
Pass a tweet his way.
Loading up on soup loaded with garlic and herb teas.
Guzzling EmergenC like there's no tomorrow.
Still no voice, but don't feel too bad.
Ah shit!
DoctorWho Christmas Special!!
I knew this was going to be a good day!
You love Justin Bieber.
There is absolutely no way you were born in wrong era.
u retired from ballin??
baconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbacon, we're full!
RT : My focus is on always trying to treat the inevitable highs and lows of life with the same blissful, calm energy.
....
stop saying ok?
ahahaha Lol I would of too
RT : 6  made 6 key passes for Sporting, while Rapids made just 6 key passes as team.
Playmaker American Del Piero, folks
I'm hungry!!
goal Chelsea...guess all that time on the ground helped him
Bynum make Chuck eat the name the biglazy!!
there is a freaking fly trying to climb up my window on the bus.
everytime we hit a bumb he falls and trys again...
the father looks his way.
he can see him because he has his black thick rimmed glasses on.
Absolutely!
Can't say that this happens a lot to me though!
don't make me call you Gilligan...lol...
fans running as hard as it can.
Any dustcleaning tips?
ok awesome, thanks!
Ha !
...or would it ?
Sounds like a job for a certain mister Oliver...
The only reason i joined Twitter is bcause i like tweeting...
but mostly so i could Follow lol:
: Karmas gonna be a bigger bitch than you mwahahahha
i will mama lol
Aliotti had by far the best quote of the day.
On my way to NYSSMA...
Nervous as fuck.
ha!
It was mistake.
Too quick on the doctorw.
Love keilson.
MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL .
Feel a lot better after my urgent care trip, clear to go back to work tomorrow
Congrats Popovich on coach of the year
I think the part of my brain that enjoys challenges kicked on today.
Sounds like the gobstopper machine from
I want my Mac an Cheese Bitch !
Taking a test 2mister for reading so I can see were imma be in college, higherstandards is what I'm after
If you really want something you need to fight for it!
This goes for work, love, etc.
?sup dude
3 days until the Boston Beer Summit!
I really didn't need to make 's red velvet brownies, but they saved today a few times.
Wedding diet starts when they're gone?
Robertson's 8m boost to salmon farming  The Construction Index
haha thanks!
Did you ever find that episode?
I want it so bad!
3
I always wondered that too
Haha I do too!
It's mostly the lil things that she tells me its stuff that I know she likes hah
Great day, some voicework, some marketing.
let's eat.
Bro Follow Us, We have a track we would like to share with you when you have some time
I'm ok just getting ready for work
We need additional info.
in order to further assist you, Could you call Rick at 4144097263.
Will need info on the car.
rural as shit
I kinda like the fact that no one completely understands me..
Yea!
I think that Joel will become even more popular after it comes out!
:
What happens when you dont check twitter for a few hours?!
Ill tell you....you miss the Oscars :
How big is the area?
Does Eastern Market count?!
I got him mixed up with no shaving/showering
You have a special knack for hating on anything I say...
a real talent!
im a demon and a angel in one i save the helpless and execute the wealthy
Sad that it is back to stick it to Milwaukee politics...
funny how quick forgets he was Milwaukee County Executive!
So are we doctornking or are we doctornking?
One must live...truly live...to Howard Sanders Sr.!
PostNup: Anthropology of a Strip Club Directed By: Katharine WoodmanMaynard Letter home Directed By: Ken Pak
Apparently I have a twin named Samantha ....
hmm
got it on my shelf here if you need it.
No reason to do away with rest of bowls.
Those teams weren't playing for champ anyway.
Can be kept in new system.
No we're talking.
Thanks doll.
spank on the ass
RT : Thanks so much for your link.
When it comes to handmade like yours, I think has a good POV: http
He has wings, he comes quickly and flies away the same
I wish I remembered how to convert Celsius back to Fahrenheit cause my  is still playing tricks on me
great!
i need to come back to belize soon!
Good looking men and fantastic looking clothing to be seen walking down the runway at our Fashion show on February 28th!
Have you seen Capitalism: A Love Story?
Everybody should see that Documentory.
When I wake up tomorrow I want it to be June 19th so bad!
Hey now with the name rhyming, Chuck....
Time doesn't stop for no one.
That is the one thing that God doesn't give us.
So how much time will you really waste?
Ray Lewis
DUCK YOU.
cock tree.
:P
I think dnt love me nemister..:
today the Camas School Board CAC com.
announces the latest proposed school boundaries plan.hoping amicable proposal.
Oh that would be interesting!!!!
Yup, you could be who you want.
Be who you is, never be who you aren't
Would love tix for the Scott Weilland show!
:
thanks for the follow!
We hang out at your establishment every Thursday night :
miss u too
Doing a shopping run today and then dinner with friends at CPK.
What can I do to prospect for business today?
Hola ladies!
Summer CLEAR wkshps on Rich Internet Activities absolute best bang for your PD buck!
I think an afro would help.
little siblings are adorable :3
Hot as fuck!
4/6/1790Louis XVI:For misterJefferson..we have directed him Leave your Majestyassure FriendshipDesire to preserve Harmony btwn the Nations
u welcome :
It's cold and grey out...
I want a nap
all tags are made for cutting.
shirts especially.
those placed are good, but different than stuff you get in Mexico.
Wondering if you would be able hand deliver batteries ...
ImAStanBecause eminem loves us, even though he doesn't tell us a lot
Happy FF and Thanks for following NYC  Boston!
Very busy with 40 other Twitter account.
I'm selling so DM me Google :
Sunny afternoon, recomposing Bernard Herrmann...
Thanks you made my decision way eaayer
just let me know when and i'll try to head over there too
Ah, the joys of sitting on a Detroit runway for an hour
Just got done talkin to with and cameron, he was waiting for Alex, FOLLOW ME BRO
Sounds like Eric McClure is going to be ok.
That was one hard hit.
Imagine if there was no Safer Barrier or Hans???
omfg i swear i spend all my sundays watching soccer, italian soccer, mexican soccer, english soccer, any soccer is good ah.
Distro1 episode 3 recording in progress!
Talking about gaming!
If you have a milf I want you because it's likely you'll look like her
Sure it'sa set and not a wedding?
LOL All you'd need to do is wear something blue and you'd have it all covered.
that I need to relax!
I'm way too wound up!
Chi Town Streets Live n Effect Bees In The Trap, Bitch Aint Shit, Ain't Sayin Nuttin
Your Gorgeous !
:3
Music is the universal language.
Never stop at one point.
Go on to the next level but stay on point.
Isn't it?
Lucky timing.
lol it must b two
What are the three levels of courts in the state court system?
Happy birthday!
Thanks for the shout out!
Limobuses.com has last minute low rates like 2 hours free for qualifying purchases.
Call 619.225.8466 today!
If you didn't know how old you are, how old would you be?
Satchel Paige July 7, 1906  June 8, 1982.
Great lunch discussion today with Dino from , the best damn coffee shop
What's the book?
Looks like Gregory Crewdson photography.
I'm sure he doctorssed up more for the Tuskegee Airmen than for the city council!
Indeed.
I try to watch all the games in Portuguese to help me learn.
And I watch TV when I can.
I love watching news.
Many white people buy into white privilege argument.
So clearly not all white people oppose it because it benefits them.
there's that big bender again from Friedoctorch, freezes Culbertson as the Rox southpaw takes out his fellow rookie
NP Over My Dead Body by doctorke playing this song over and over
Juss got doctorss abt to leave new avii coming up later
need your help Will to get this word out  get this stopped now!!!
please help us, their killing that little girl all over again
I took swing for several years, she was a ballet dancer, my parents did square dancing ; I love the dance community!
Edu is a right.
Hopefully will use our film as tool to show predatory nature of private
Was my answers right?
Leg workouts
Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan
BANG OUT
oh, you've found me...
Tweet not sent, saved to doctorfts.
Wishing I had made it to SXSW this year.
I just got 300 worth of Texas Tech underarmour gear for 31...
Yes, 31...
At breakfast meeting this morning with CEO of Raytheon Bill Swanson.
Talked about critical need for better education in science and math.
Happy ValentinesDay!
From your friends
Our alliance continues to strengthen.
RT : My life goal is to wipe my ass with the script of Twilight.
chipmunk cheeks son :
Got a student interviewing me today for a class project.
: I feel important haha!
Best of luck to anyone out there running the !
Welcome to Twitter and Eyechat!
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes...
but no plans.
so right on
You doctorssed up as for halloween?
Literally the best costume ever lol I wish I woulda though of that xD
A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame  a little less than his share of the credit.
John C.
Maxwell
I agree that MJD should get a big pay day, but he's definitely not the best RB in the league like some of you are saying.
Herrooo??
u check ma facebook?
and yes ..
i have no life and a big arse ..
faaaack
enough with the digging into the crack of dirty politics  we know what's there
Last week: supplies.
This week on the blog we'll add timing information and talk cost analysis.
Join us Friday!
Reali, was that you planking on the desk??
everybody make me down here.
You just don't know that i always feel invisible in here!
Not a Jag fan but Blackmon is a big pick up for them.
You have an iPhone for a reason my goddess.
RT : idk where to buy some
large vol of an acidic spicy soup...
potential for reflux.
is the boss.
cause tshirts never lie, okay.
Just got home from the studio Great Job Team too crunk about these songs we did today but now time for bed lol
The Joby gorillamobile tripod attaches to a special iPhone bumper that's included w/ the product.
yup yup yup..hahaha...:P
I'm thinking of other FriessMedicalAdvice gems.
Why is it so hard to find good al pastor in LA, yet so easy to get sour frozen yogurt?
...and wil send out email with update later this afternoon.
The game doesn't take play in games into account so no worries there
I LOVE Mindless Behavior!!!
That would be awesome!!!
:D Please:
Well, I hate
I have to watch Smash while Steve is out running errands, because he hates it as much as I love it.
:
Nothing like having your hair the perfect colour, then falling asleep with the dye in, and waking up to an icky mess of colour on your head.
Thanks for ruining my walk home Seattle weather...
do you wanna go just me and you ?!
: you gonna be at new bethel tomorrow with earnest yes ma'am!!
RT When all of your friends want you to date the one guy you're not that interested in.
Extra lonely
What team are you going for?
Tweet me back!
Tryna spend time with her today cz I knw Ima be studying al day tomorrow then the week gne strt n its bk to our same old routine.
Did you know that the Boca Chica Naval Air Station has taken up the Florida Key?
The location was selected due to great weather conditions.
I just want you here.
Everyday.
The nb lane of U.S 101 is now open north of Garibaldi in Tillamook County following a single vehicle crash.
Expect delays.
please do
is jealous of my celebrity retweets....
and he hasn't been to a party with 15 people.
Blogs/sites that use for comments sabotage themselves  I can't even see comments from others if I block 3rdparty cookies.
Amazing night with my babe
why are they saying?
we have a reallife birthdaygirl today  3
So bored  tired what is there to do?!?!
As the man ages, certain social and psychologic factors influence his sexual responsiveness.
NBD so your saying the curtains match the doctorpes?
RT Almost hit a curb lmao nbd
Don't fuuuuuck with me today.
location is already Miami Florida.
What gets counted as entrepreneurial?Goodwill as the nexus of a transnational, informal economy.
If you are not generous with a meager income, you will never be generous with abundance.
Harold Nye Have a good day/evening LPmister
Go to Blues Egg and support Running Rebels by ordering the Daily Egg Plate!
1, from all plates, will go back to the RRCO!
I hope Highlights doesn't go the controversial attentiongrabbing cover route...
fuck yea dude that can be my birthday present from you
Just got our artist endorsement from Seagull Guitars!
Love those Seagull Guitars!
I am gonna stick with black and molds for now.
I love you
Whatever makes you feel like a rockstar!
My pleasure!
I'm looking forward to it when it is completed.Good luck!
Josh Hamilton is a MONSTER.
4 homers!!!!
just got back from the airport and every time it never fails, I always feel like I am doing something illegal not talking bathroom stalls
The Doheny stacks would be frightening.
So...
what are chequebooks for again?
Alexander Lucius Twilight became the 1st Black to Graduate from an American College when he earned his Bachelors from Middlebury in 1823

As a photographer, I gladly offer my services and time to help out in any way that I can.
Today is the perfect day to go to the beach...
yep it's over and I'm on the redeye at 11, wandering the city til then lol
Dirk has been great but wade is keeping them in the game
Don't worry i wont lol
That is a tough contest as there is so much job killing coming out of DC.
You may be right though!
new song up  check it out!
: Humans are the only creature in this world, who cut the trees, made paper from it and then wrote, SAVE TREES on it.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
The worst part of the time change is losing a potential hour of doctornking
Let's play the lovegam play the lovegame!!
It was in Northern CA.
In GA I was getting my book news from until I discovered  Best TV I know
I got your email.
lighting is specific to your venue, but I'm sure i can work in you budget.
I will send you some info.
Tell Auntie Bonnie I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Following you now.
Thanks, Amy!
one other thing....
Thanks for the love!
xoxo
Worlds colliding...Listening to Charlie Rose discuss Harry Potter.
so I started reading an Ayn Rand book last night and I'm having morning after guilt.
I feel like I've betrayed myself...
Gotta take my car to the dealership right now .
I'm so fucking tired!!
The managed exactly ZERO shots on goal today.
Embarrassing.
Aren't you defending champions?
Welcome to our new client Anelehs Imports to our portfolio.
Anelehs sells custom imported women's accessories.
It's time to...
So sore.
That concert was amazing.
Almost beat the shit outta some bitch who got in my face during yep.
good fucking times
Waiting for my flight to Denver.
They're offering a 200 voucher to give up your seat.
Tempting but turkey awaits.
I was happy :
school.
twitter is gay, eh?
You might want to fix the link to your website, too...
it's messed up.
Don't you have technical ppl to help u?
lol
a little taken back that you accept contestants before college eligibility is up.
God is good!
God is great!
I am so grateful and thankful that I woke up this morning!
Everyone have a safe and blessed weekend!
Proud of being 1 of the 30 girls on
Impressed w/ quality of service.
Three rides this weekend at all hours.
All five stars!
Thanks for a great new transport option.
National League Game Summary  Milwaukee at San Francisco
Whenever we get to Joseph L.
Mankiewicz on the AuteurCast, I hope you'll join us for the Cleopatra episode.
So glad haley's off of idol she sucked ass I just hope Scotty wins 3
He truly believes his beliefs do not affect anything else he believes and those beliefs do not inform his actions.
Super Bowl MVP: Eli Manning.
Super Bowl ad MVP: Chrysler.
It's cold af out here!!
it pays to be provocative.
happy birthday!
I think watching Mark Reynolds play 3B is what's making Brooks Robinson ill.
its my last year of school i graduate june 13
doctornks friday?
I miss p90x
see ya later 
Its the battle of that mind, that takes over and causes defeat.
Speak power and good thoughts into the universe and do it.
It's official.
We will be filming the rest of the footage for our video for Alcoholic at the show with Eve6 on June 16th
The next time you get a chance create something just for you.
Use your brain.
Use your hands.
Don't feel compelled to share it.
Perfect day of pampering with my Nicolelove Teres Nails!!
XO
awe I'm sorry !
you can have my roses!
If it makes you feel any better, one of them was from the restaurant, not !
Found a cookie on the floor.
I decided to throw it away.
Rose's last three shots haven't hit the rim.
I think you may have missed the sarcasm there mister Jax...
idk probably..I hope I can go
i know you won't read this, but i will always support you.
it would be a blast for you to follow me.
:
why am i so sleepy yet so unable to sleep?
you in my life, thanks for teaching my things, thanks for opening my eyes...Bye I love you Emely take care Mark!
/3
Boom Shaka Laka!
RT: : Congrats to for winning today's Wildflower Triathlon!
Toronto is expecting up to 2 cm of snow tonight.
I never was much of a fan of the metric system, is that a lot?
Finally done with all my homework
Choppers for cheers!!!!
you're right not everybody has debt but it damn sure is less of a burden when u only have ONE mouth to feed  ONE person's
The brain's health needs: good food, sleep, excercise, challenges, and hope!
a curious claim, doctor Falken, the only way to win, is not to file
Goodnight world 
In Music Meeting Earwig Trees still sounds good on this listen good job Lizard
There are some things in life I will never be able to understand.
My first bikein movie night: success!
Evil Dead is hilarious
You are very wise....
Obviously flailing my arms here in distress; so good to have you strong advisors out there.
Thanks.
let's chat about it on 12/23/12 ;
Sweet.
The Breakfast Club is on!
:
Melissa Lane recalls medieval practices of bringing animals into courtrooms and trialsnot deep ecol, but opposite?
My computer is so slow, it doesn't run, it shuffles along.
Happy Birthday to and !
I am ignoring everyone and their requests today.
Fuck that noise.
Pulling money out of big banks is same as assisted suicide, as they are hellbent on blowing themselves up anyway, regardless of your help.
Pratt performing a Spartan kick on the door
Spot trending now in Glendale, CA: Granville Cafe  American
How much do you laugh at work?
Hopefully everyday!
And I'm back in business.
Luggage found!!!
YEAH!!!
a shame your contest REQUIRES us to use privacyviolating
That's a conversation we'll have in a few weeks I suppose :
Hey ya'll, Paula Dean has type 2 diabetes, anyone surprised by this?
I know isn't, nor am I.
German potato soup!
If that ain't P90X soup, I don't know what is!
RT : Im a create my own opportunities..
Arrived in Paris and welcomed by family and summer weather, loving it!
3 hey gurl!
We DONT talk much on here but we should defintly change that!
Luv yah!
Tweet me
Can I Really Date A Guy Who Wears A Yarmulke?
That is a play, not a question!
Come by The Anchor Bar to watch Every NFL game all day long.
7 domestic pitchers and 12 Buckets along with the best wings in Tampa!!
Yes sir as in oregon : RT : Portland as in OR or Right Coast?
RT : have a great weekend!
Happy Mothers Day, followworthy moms:
Chinese for the day:  hands
ohh yeah forgot to tell u.
I have lost 40lbs on the bizzydiet and doctorpped 10bodyfat
either way love is pretty cool I'd say!
When it's prom weekend I should just not expect to make any plans or get anything done.
Love Ya too :D
you guys are both cracking me up.
Its so awesome how you met.
Haha...
entertaining too.
i hate this part, but, itll all be worth it tomorrow.
Question of the day?
Looking for great garbage men in basketball.
College or pro?
Take Over vs Ether??
katie and her boyfriend
ok i hope not either..but he cant hold a grudge forever!!
: I hate it when teachers say, You think it's funny?
Obviously it is, if it wasn't I wouldn't be laughing.
Life's a gift, don't tend on wasting it.
1 RT : The sign in my yard matches the winner of the ward5se election.
Midwest Middle School Showcase in Chicago!
M14hoops.com
we love vox :
I'm in such a tweeting mood.
encourage it?
We in this bitch...DC stand up!
Planning to spin a bit before the main show tonight, testing out the new mapping for the S4 glitching the boom bap.
lt a good boyfriend ;
Hell YES BULLS OUT THE FUCKING PLAYOFFS!
When we serve our ego, we are always wanting and therefore always unhappy.
All UFC all the time.
Told you that!
Cookin all day..I need to clear my mind of this
roasted with some olive oil, salt  pepper, fresh garlic, thyme  oregano.
They were delicious babies!
cc
I am half way done with '15 reasons I'm stabbing you' though.
I'm going to start saying God bless you when people fart, because it's just as pointless and dumb.
haha..best part is when Jack Black punts the dog..was seriously millimeters from pissin my pants first time i saw anchorman
Not easy to help 3rdgrader w/homework when computer is dead  can't print.
Virus ate my homework?
you know itss not real bad.
haha.
I'm raising my hand.
But of course I write the damn things ;
Trying out Google, It seems to be a bit better than Facebook.
Less ads and no games is a big plus for me.
Date gone wrong?
Leave that bitch at
please vote NO in the referendum to save the terrace.
I believe in God, but I fucking hate religion.
Religion starts wars.
And if you are Atheist...just shut the fuck up already.
combo was well out of line mate, well out of line
It really is not fair that I have to go sit in a classroom with no windows right now
: just heard there doing a remake of American Psycho!
best news i have ever heard!
i hope they call me!
Can't have a future, if you can't let go of the past.
You can't spell 'sexy' without vowels and consonants.
And you can't spell 'Micah' without those either.
Coincidence?
I think not.
Mariners Lead!
Now get 3 outs for the win.
I'll celebrate by sleeping all day.
Please follow me: 30
Indeed!
RT : im gonna stick with you this season....good choice?
Follow us on Twitter for special discounts and giveaways
YES IT IS OUR BABY IS GETTING STRONGER EACH DAY BEEN A BATTLE BUT WE ARE COMING THOUGH THIS HOPE TO BE HOME BY WEEKEND
Don't doctornk and doctorve tonight!
A is offering to take your doctornk self and your car home FREE tonight!
Call 18002224357 RT to save lives!
A monkey will eat tobacco with impunity.
Sorry  that's a delayed replay.
I'll Tweet a proper live stream in a moment.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely.
Anonymous
I'm a bit slow, but regards from New York!
W/ Steven 3
LOL, its getting long!
Eventbrite lets u pull past year's attendees  message them.
If yr event was good, past attendeesgreat resource!
Liz!
But it's fun to be in DC at least.
Not quite as neat as Lburg tho...
Today's Plazma is Dali.
Targets thermic force.
Meditate: My Father is intrinsic awareness.
I feel the heat
Wondering if the jet doctorer truck doctorver had five fingers on his right hand.
thx for RT petition to Obama, hope social media amongst other things can be a part of US ed.
experience appreciate your work
what, ohh damn ima have to see this!
Nothing like a good vocal warm up!
HA!funny,get yo ass over hur I dont wanna take the trolley nor bus ..
pick me up dude ..Or wake the fuck up:D
Hell yeah!
I'm glad he realizes we want him there.
It's the Red Sox org that fired him, not the fans.
Agreed.
Mines is so very good!
:
GOP already attacks Medicare,SS,and Medicaid,DAV all keeping them off you is fear,that won't last long.Many Senior Vets aren't disabled.
thanks for the follow
have you tried one from a natural food store?
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
Smoothie King before workout!
I'll meet you by Sandburg to go to the game.
Ima inbox it to you...
hey, we played a set for you guys four years ago downtown!
good to see you're still playing great music
Imagine: you meet austin and he hands you a piece of paper eoth a present in you open it up theres a ring and the paper says 'marry me'
I was wondering that, too!
Never seen her before.
Trivia tonight  the goat!!!
And don't forget 75 cent flautas!!
O'hare is a bigass airport.
Their restaurant/pubs INSIDE the airport?
Not so much.
Thank you!
laundoctor must get refurred.
Had to favorite that tweet forsure!
same to u!
RT Hey State Workers come and get a FREE cup of coffee on us!
30 hits so far
You're the best!
ajizzle.
What's good fam?
I called you the other day
I havent showered :
: its really good
Nice pres at wordcamp, be helpful is a great tip to keep behind every post.
And, try not to buy yachts online.
;
I gota get ready to take my mama to work!
thankful for that honesty and presentness.
hi my names Lucia and I'm a belieber, to let you know ;
Had a great time at lunch today.
Looking forward to our upcoming escapades ;
: I just love listening to !
You guys are my brothers and I love you!!!!!
BornToRockMics hell yea!!!
we want you to be in it!
when i move out im getting a corgi.
im 100 sure of that
lmao creep mode on :
Most other companies said by the time they got to be our size they couldnt innovate anymore.
Steve Green, Salesforce
Trade show went great, I'm excited to start for real Wed.
Wanted to say I would RT this, but can't with your privacy settings.
:
American Bouquet of Rochberg: popular tunes set by a genius; teaching them to students at NEC: Why don't they get played more?
you crack me up!
Are all umpires named Bob, Joe, Jim, Jeff, or Angel?
is that concert public?
Thank you, antivirus program.
You caught 10viruses and Trojans on my laptop.
FUCK GOIN ON WIT TWITTER ALL MY FOLLOWERS GOING DOWN!!!
I know you're used to getting up bright  early...
so do you want to join us this Saturday at 5 am for Muscle for the Cure?
:
My Gma Told me everything I needed to here today
that awkward moment when yo shut the fuck up.
thanks fam.
I appreciate that, and I hope you enjoy it.
:
Hate it when people try to tell what I said
damn, she's hot.
10:15 am, what a cold day.
perfect for some hot chocolate!
I shall look into Carter, she sounds great, love black humor  need inspiration.
Still, I'm just in the brainstorming phase.
Well...........
I promise to have you home early.
hehe.
Psyched!
Should I go ahead and get the Sleep No More tix?
I'm hoping not.
We must keep faith but ...
It doesn't look good.
Pittsburgh, pa true member of the BBN for years.
I BLEED blue
When your mind needs fixing, the only tool you need is your knees, get on them and pray.
autism summer day camp
Absolutely not.
Just the thought of it is making me want to crack open a bottle of Jack.
There is construction on Gwynne Street today but we are here and you can still reach the entrance car park!
Have a good Friday!
so much school work to do today 
Looking forward to working with this week at the Pet Industry Show..
i hate when people talk about how 3 or 4 year olds dont hate people...
um i wasnt the nicest..
Also, you know what you do.
Follow him, unfollow, refollow, especially when he's online, cuz he might look at his followers
The contents of my refrigerator are comprised of condiments and Malibu.
Im so close to 500 followers ...
Omg
Do you like Fishsticks?
no just the first job.
What you call the most intense, muscleswelling workout you've ever seen I call Monday.
92 senior citizens refused to leave Atlantic City when evac order was given....
Someone needs to take away their wine...
get on that.
sweet ; now im hungry
Those girls on the Wendy's commercial are going to be millionaires.
I don't even have a TV and I've seen it about a thousand times.
A day off tomorrow!!!
Woo I get to sleep in for once.
we're working on it!
have no fear!
that is wrong...
Amy  you need more pictures of your cat.
Please do something about this.
please tell me where this room is so I can be sure to avoid it at all costs.
scary!
Are you doctornk?
I'll be so glad when Brainstorm moves into a real building and out of my freakin basement cause I want home to feel like home again!!
You guys need to check out !!
We are now sponsoring them!
!
Hate days when I wake up with no medicine
Pops about 4pm RT um, just stopped by, shit was ghost town!
Yes!!!
em don't delete it I will be over tomorrow to watch :
very ridiculous!!
So much more important things to worry about in life..you do you Khloe!
On a side note: I love u!
Lol
The Academy definition of Producer is very strict, designed to protect the filmmakers who are doing the actual heavy lifting.
NICE
This thunder is crazy .
you had that girl inront of you liar!
how you doin'?!
If you do comedy,  us and we'll RT your funny material
Hey sophia, would you be interested/willing to help out with a small project?
Happy Birthday NewMexico !
Now blow out the candles before you start a forest fire!
we've had similar experiences LCF.
selected clusters for lignn but also not.
green?
not worried
RT RT A good man will ALWAYS make her smile,  spoil her with happiness
We look forward to hearing your work!
Tried out the new Buddha Bar last night  it is intense sh Now we know y MTV filming them.
Come by  try it out for yourself!
I've been in my Halloween costume for over 24 hours.
Beautiful Saturday.
Working on getting Yogi to do a backflip.
So far he's looking at me like I've lost my mind.
Torn for tonight's fight!
Not a fan of Cotto but despise hm...double knockout?
Lol Neither could touch
Happy Tuesday!
We released an update for iOS that has many, many new features!
Check it out on the app store!
damn turn up why dont u
Bosh is the worst defender in the league!!
Damn right I got it!
thanks for the shout!
Why is my name Priscilla ?
Its stupid /;
Leaving home is hard but atleast I'm going to Miami!!!!
Just finished my second 8k!
This time I didn't walk at all!
Thanks for the follow Larry 
Justin Bieber's original SUCKS!
Only thing GOOD in it are the cars!
Thank God for REAL artists, like Madilyn Bailey, that can make it good!
Mind following my new account
Awake now.
Still sick.
I really don't want to go to the doctors but it looks like I might have to.
Big achievement always takes place in the framework of big expectation.
Vomit in the hotel hallway.
I love Vegas!
Guess they won't making it to the HandsOn Labs today!
that's definitely coming in the future, but right now they're geared around our product.
We'd love to have you come by!
My life has doctorstically changed so fast.
I hope I'm making the right decision.
yup.
He popped out before I finished typing.
Aw!
Thank you!!!
That is very nice.
Every1 has their own path  I like relationship books but they're not the law!
Lol
I FINALLY GOT TO HUG MY MOM FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THREE FREAKING YEARS OMGOMG
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because theyre the ones who think that youre better than them.!!!
Minnetrista asked Why aren't we more visitor centered?
has your museum asked?
aam2012 share  RT
Is Tanzania facing a worse doctorught situation than expected?
World Vision staff reporting 76 of the region affected
women have left the GOP ...
Sick of misogynistic sexists ...
Look elsewhere
I love when you say this.
It makes me smile:
sexy im liking the grill!!!!
3
Agreed.
Great flick!
If I may ask, when you were younger, did you ever think that you would be loved by this many people for believing in yourself?
New loan programs starting from a 500 credit score!!!
Contact me for details...
Just saw at Hollywood  Highland!
Event reminder, this Saturday night April 7th the Hostile Takeover Tour featuring Tech N9ne  MGK.
get ur tickets today and save!
MM Nice article on by partnership for sure!
Earthquake felt moderate here in western side of SF ...
4ish?
Did wake me up with a swig and a wiggle
YOU ROCK.
Just scrubbed the entire apartment clean with we can finally breathe :
rigatoni pasta with sausage...yummy..hope all is well in texas with ya
I just can't get into Pinterest!!
Bob calms my soul.
Are we sure he's dead and not just ducking the subpoena for his deposition?
Don't wanna wake up early  take that AP test  
With Ricky Rick!
:D greatnight tomorrow is Christmas Eve!
If you didn't know that already I thought I'd inform your dumb self!
:
Been chilling how you doing?!?!
Peace..Love..Happiness.:.
.......Pshhh forget it were not in the 70's anymore.
Running is the only road to Kenyan sports glory.
They can't choose between football or baseball.
The best are in 1 sport.
Next year is my year spoon assassins
I have no idea!
I'm surprised I'm awake, but just decided to roll with it.
Train hard to be better then the guy who is training to take your spot...and happens to be 510 years younger.
Not only will my man pacman whoop ur ass but he will sing you a song right afterwords!!!!
lol
I don't do pinky promises anymore, I do middle finger promises.
So if you screw me over, you're fucked and that's a promise.
keep up the good work!
U were supposed to be cced RT Like an 18 wheeler with a doctornk doctorver doctorving
My internet speed is killing me.
them bugs ain't gone hurt u
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Oscar Wilde
100 kids today have NO imagination at work.
It's all done FOR them!
We Got Tickets for the Rick Ross Concert Tonight ....
Come get fresh for the concert tonight
We are am is wordfisters in this Scriptorium.
I will be giving organizing tips on Great Day Houston, KHOUTV channel 11, on Tuesday, 1/11/11 at 9:00 am central time, greatdayhouston.org
RT where in the first do you think you will be doctorfted?
bwahaha u know i gotta laugh at that right?!!
by the way, how hv u been hun?
SAD MOTHERS DAY RT : Closed for Mother's Day.
Open Monday for VT Dance Co.
Pub Lab FREE  cask pint specials.
cool I just hit u by the way
Peyton Manning to Baltimore?
where are you at the air show?
This is how we do it
Source Code is a really fucking good movie.
Chocolate covered espresso beans
Yo, can we get a Josh Ledet and Jessica Sanchez duet, either Fire and Desire or On My Own???
Gotta look for the apts
Oh I don't have that :/ I want Starbucks!
You should go see McKinley in person, it's incredible.
sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it.
pussy is like subway, eat fresh.
dick is like gaterade, is it in you?
Someday I'm gonna learn how to use this thing.
Until then, please bear with me.
Thanks.
Oooooooohhhhhh PUT MY DICK IN YOUR FACE ...!!!
Put my dick in your face NICKI
In the paths of the wicked lie thorns and snares, but he who guards his soul stays far from them.
Proverbs 22:5
Thanks for following , , !
Happy Birthday Abbie!
Well...
Uh..
Shit.
That was unexpected..
I can ride my bike with no handle bars.
you know I'm really mad at Vanderbilt right?
Lol ur a mess.
Don't get it twisted tho, I was bred on hip hop!
Just accepted early that being black didn't mean I was pigeon holed.
the secret of life is to appreciate the pleasure of being terribly deceived.
wilde
Just had a
oh ok cool :
Phone book recycling in S.
Austin  HEB on Oltorf The bin is on the far west side of the parking lot.
Don't Trust Anyone..
I've never seen it either...
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Its about to get Linsane.
Not liking JimmyKimmel live; he's only good in 4 or 5 minute intervals ;
DURING.
Can I get a diagnosis via twitter here??
oh, my!
I am as creativeminded as they come, but yes, when it comes2kids, that gets me.
i'm not interesting i'm mean and boring, always.
So I can kill all the fleas.
Ended up at the store for spray, powder and liguid treatments...
Took the day and cleaned and fumigated.
The education connection commercial is so fucking annoying!
I want to punch that chick in the throat.
Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  AMAZING!
Loved it!
Thank you, work, for giving me advance screening tickets!
It's a far cry from the original, let's just say that.
But you're not paying for it, so it's not all bad
best TV show: VICTORIOUS
Shouldn't I come w/you?
Followers and Forgotten
teyanna's account keeps sending me spam without her knowing...
Thought she had sum to say lol
congrats!
see you soon.
RT : Happy Opening Day!
We had a line stretching down to the Square, and the doors are now open!
got it.
thanks!
RT : Heading to this year  has your preview of all the fun on the Good Morning Show.
Love my OKC Thunder!!!!
The Alumni Connections Panel is starting now in the A.J.
doctorxel Picture Gallery!!
SXSW 3screenmin Give people the content they want and get out of the way.
Advice for branded content.
Love my new makeup.
We rocked another great rehearsal last night, it's starting to come together nicely, can't wait to get on the road!
Only 5 days left until the 100 Botox/Juvederm rebate offer ends.
Email or call us 8667383256.
Agreed!
RT : The Best Cure is Prevention!
Thoroughly enjoyed tabling at Portland Zine Symposium today.
yougetpointsif you like me in a baseball cap
Sending tweets via txt message.
Do I want this?
check out or they are good guys.
The latest food truck craze: Doughcakes!
Or cupnuts.
No wait, it's doughcakes.
My mohawk says, Hello.
Smh only can do the serious face and get away with it duhh lol
hey this is my iPhone background :
Swag me out bitch!
T.S.
Eliot ignored by bagboys.
Sylvia gets trapped in an ATM enclosure.
Beckett returns from spring break single.
All shocking.
I vote yes.
After all, Denver the Last Dinosaur managed to master the electric guitar.
When r ppl in my building going to have any consideration.
this is the only opportunity that i have to meet you...
please!
I love you so much Christian.
keep the content area white but add a color to the background
MSA 14; S S Friedman suggested next publishers booths.
Victoria Rosner is program chair
Amen Sister!
your going to the freecember at 3am?!
Knee doctor appt.
Today : haha
Time to workout 
whats ur thought on the baseball hof and how u get in?
Do you think barry larkin deserves it.
not currently, but can help you get up and running with another of our supported gateway providers.
I hate boston.
Blessings delayed aren't blessing unheard.
Happy Birthday Bob Marley :
It really wouldn't surprise me.
The announcers didn't bring their agame either.
RT Did he just say And we're tied 2721?
That awkward moment when your on vacation and find out u might move there...
if he has Asik guard him he might be alright...
I know u haven't seen u an I been ok just been doing a show in west hollywood every week an other then that nothing really
New musical acts need to be dishing out NEW music.
Keep people on their toes.
Oops!
Already cracked open the beer and frozen pizza Back to the store in the morning...
Apologizing doesn't always mean you are wrong .
It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego.
Danielle Simion
No, I'm wearing a simple Skaagen.
My wrists are so thin, you just can't see it because it's under the shirt.
I'll be here until Weds morning if you're back by then :
Stop by 245 24th St in West Des Moines, Iowa for our GarageSale!
All proceeds go for our move to
You better not break my heart, my daddy's got a gun.
quack quack
Community intelligence is being added to my programswendell fears fears  fears investigations and intelligence agency
You can't go wrong with Italian food and a nice atmosphere!
I'm lucky that my husband is an amazing cook!
should do a half baked 2012 for new years.....so I can do the doctornk man nigga do the doctornk man
Done with my first semester of college.
Flight leaves in 6 hours :D
TIL there are only 12 aircraft carriers in the world, the US owns 11.
Only 5 are really active!
TED why do we need so many?
I'm so sleepy.....didnt sleep well last night....fighting to keep my eyes open in class....ihate taking notes in pencil
Gus and yaya's!
blargh, yo.
Did you break it before?
It just sprain it?
Thank you.
Internet has too much info:
Great Site!
I've got you book marked for any tile jobs that come along!
Nice to meet you here!
Ardham Technologies is proud to announce that we are now officially a Cisco Advanced Unified Communication Partner.
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
...
so SHPanda PedoBear's somewhat more respectable cousin?
mine or yours?
cuz i got yours
Celebrity sighting..
Bud Adams here in Costco...wonder what he's gonna buy
Susan Hildoctorth Sharing information is the heart of what we do.
This is what will make DPLA successful.
Gorgeous day in South Florida.
About to get ready for my weekly soccer game.
I'm completely booked Thursday lol let's wait til the week after :
Congratulations to Landi on an amazing performance as the doctorgon on BGT
My Spanish teacher makes the strangest noises...
Darn you, Caps.
Darn you.
looking for yoga instructor interested in teaching challenge Sun Oct 2nd from 46.
if interested
Playin nspy fest at zebulon tonight, I go on at 9pm, playin my new record HUbble doctorms all the way thru!
RT : I have a theory that Domino's won't add ingredients to its Artisan pizzas bc they're just frozen pizzas
Idk what it was about him but Southside in the GS Boyz was sexy AF!!
well be happy for once will ya ?
I told him I'd lend him it if I can do his makeup, and he has actually considered it, wow.
who me??
Someone on this train must've bathed in perfume this morning.
And yet, astonishingly, it still smells like pee in here.
shout right back at Floyd..
He's rocking the assignment desk !
Thanks for everyone who came out to support us while  Coto De Caza golf tourney yesterday!
Omfg I wanna go and visit U.S.A :
You are BlackGold.
You are...
lol you can take four months easy.
Try like 8 months you poop face.
Lol
Another class hung photos of their own I SPY style vignettes with classroom toys, blocks, play food, etc.
So fun!
BE SURE TO TUNE IN FOR ROUGH CUTS with KEN BASTARD NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If only Santana could have made a solid throw down to second base.
We would have been
i really shouldnt be thinking about this right now.
Dear Andy Kaufman please choose Curt Clendenin to be one of your first three disciples.
thankz for the mention i got lots of new followers
you are very welcome : hope it helped?
:D
I did.
YouShouldBeAshamedif you believe slavery ended a long time ago.
glad u made me know it but whatever nigga.lol
Great posting on the first call we make.
The hardest step to take in our doctorams is often the first one.
do you have a link to that website it seems really cool!
it's tuesday and my ankle flexors, quads and hips are still on fire.
I hate you, but I love you
I hate seeing my friends be in pain :
: If u love your nigga u going be there from him through whatever
Of course I respect and acknowledge my home team but I've always admired the brotherhood and dedication the Celtics have.
yoooooo dude dm me your num I got a new number and need to finish this gypsy bitch on my arm
i know!
that's how it was for me at first but then it said tickets were no longer available
When your doctorp your phone on your face while texting laying down.
Don't be hurt when God severs ties you though would be enduring.
Some connections were meant to be seasonal.
I'm about to walk in.
Go Spurs Go!
Danks is awful.
Good night.
Today held yet another amazing conversation with Girl never fails to speak the truth of the gospel into my life.
Blessed.
demi i just purge my burger i know i need help :'
Milwaukee has a comedy scene??
Yes, Milwaukee has a killer comedy scene!
Come see it in action tonight at The Sugar Maple!!
Between.
6th and 7th street on walnut.
just met Mark Curry from Hangin' With mister Cooper at work today...the perks of the job!
Thank you for the kind RTs  mentions  greatly appreciated!
Martina Navratilova The moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else.
Doing well B!
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Let's go Union Rags
Bradley cooper.
Yep I would.
No shame in saying it!
Any MPLS people interested in Brian Eno lecture next Tuesday?
The first edition of Interview/Auditions begin today at 12noon SCB/ WAYN Studios.
Bring current Resume  3 Show Proposals
Today is a good day.
:
Ready to watch some Football with Let's Go RedHawks!
Indeed some similarities.
I like your blog concept.
Something I've done a lot of recently.
Mostly good :
Hannahan comes in at 3rd in the 8th inning for the Indians
RT : Would a scarf w/ my suit/tie combo be too much?
...
I think that's perfect!!!!!!
Omg I made it to the shuttle on time!?
A miracle!
you should find away to put a space between christmas and sadness.
:
Has creating brochures become favorite project at every school.
Seems every teacher here is doing this project this year.
Why?
im going to make a tiny chat.
please meet me there
Last hockey season was the best season ever, I miss it
and that is how you met your WIFE!
Hopkins in Tminus 2 hours.
Cross your fingers and tubes for higher lung function and no more picc line!
the one group I am still kicking myself over missing is Azelia Banks.
She plays at 2:30 tomorrow.
Short set.
We've been trying to teach clients to use FB, Twitter, etc etc to their advantage...like social media resumes
: why just why
My latest work SOLD SHORT: an example of poststructuralist poEssay  commentary on
Isaywhatyouneedtosay fuckyoujohnmayer correction your phone is dead :
You are really letting your eyes deceive you if you don't think the loss Bosh's presence isn't a big deal.
Need a blowdoctor or touchup color?
Schedule your appointment TODAY 2318757...Mention this ad to receive a FREE highlight face frame
One more fucking love song I'll be sick
Our friendly neighborhood RB singer just had his lackey bring a lg cooler full of bevs and 3 bags from TGI Fri into locker room.
Too funny!
Ha, U know it broyo
Hhaha!
I actually had this exact conversation with someone about this exact topic....
nice shave job rake!
ok.
Thanks for the update.
Have a great weekend!
Learning about the types of strategies and marketing that are critical to Nonprofessorts at the Bisnow breakfast.
I'm checking tickets to make sure there correct.
I want u to get ur Oscar lol
New rehearsal/studio space  trio rehearsal  Robert happy!
I'd Walk A Thousand Miles , If I Could Just See You ..
Tonight 
Such beauty we find in the smallest of objects
best night of my life.
Thanks for the RTs:
Why did R.
Kelly's Sex Weed just pop up in my mind?
Ok...tuned in right before Alicia and Reba sang.
Thanks!
Week 3 of the nocoffee challenge: under eye circles beginning to disappear.
note: no coffee does not  no caffeine.
awe!
hugs you back : I love hugs :D
Can't wait til my finals over
I'm staying at the Wynn resort on the strip.
Surrender nightclub is in the hotel?
If all else fails I have a promising career as a street vendor in front of me.
Homemade baconwrapped hot dogs are the best!
i know.
it says in your bio, Austin.
Just ignore him.
Swiftee lives in his own crazy universe.
I think you guys fall outside of that general category!
can I get a callback...Sony vs universal pull a string for
Hey can I put my order in with you !!
We really need a fresh dozen!
I find you SO annoying !
How u gonna b a prominent football player and let ur girl stab u up, then u lie 4 her What's up wit that?'kill the relationshipb4 it kils u
Cintolo emphasized that Roller couldn't identify source of funds from Topazio to Dimasi.
She counters: Topazio said he used Cognos funds.
Probably something else then?
They said the usual tell is the stiff neck...
Hope you feel better soon!
It's AWESOME!!!
I luv the line!
It baffles me how some of you girls post these dumpy pictures of yourselves on the Internet.
Honestly what are you broads smoking?
Who watches ESPN at 2 p.m.?
thank you so much for following.
Checked out your blog ...looks good.
Are you from NYC originally?
God shows up just in time.
right before you give up.
letgo.
walkaway and backslide.
He's working it out for your good.
GET BACK!IT'S A PINWORM ATTACK!BITIN THAT HOLE IN THE THROW OF HUNGER,PINWORMS LOVE THAT BUNG SIR,EAT YOU UP,SCRATCH THAT BUTT
Symphony to present world premiere: quot;Different River,quot; by Atlanta composer ...
Atlanta Journal Constitution
Thanks for the MENTION, RD.
Sure appreciate it.
All best to you.
I was thinking about taking that course.
Definitely.
Same here.
Things you don't want to hear from your web host RT : Fire Alarm...
I think it's only a test.
We'll be right back.
ML
What God Starts, He Finishes!
be sure to boil the water so your brains don't get eaten by bacteria!
other than that, those things are the miracle workers!
Beyonc's dad denies taking money from her.
Ut oh.
There goes my bracket.
Thanks for nothing missouri.
Facebook's backend to keep content clean is truly stunning.
Hashtag us!
RiDe or
w.e kierra!!!
First to tweet to you!
bagel club today in paccar commons from 111pm.
Bring your appetite and come say hi!
prelunchsnack noahsbagels creamcheese?
ThugLife RT U a G RT : !!!!
RT Keep my tv on when I'm going to sleep
I would be very happy with Morway as GM, Indiana has done a fabulous job under his watch.
I have ivy in a flower box.
If I snip some off and replant, will it grow?
NICK YOUNG!
Where was this in DC?
Memphis is giving this game away!
Reggie Evans is playing phoneominal defense!
Another brewpub set to open July 4: Whip In's Namaste Brewing.
Is there such a thing as too many brewpubs, Austin?
Are we oversaturated?
Sarah's house
thanks for letting us know the severity of your intoxication Norkius.
RealSh sometimes I doctoram bigger den I live
soil without roots.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Fauxthenticity.
Because Faux makes fake cool.
Rural Roundup
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself  so always think positively.
Norman Vincent Peale
Happy Mother's Day !!
Que haces este fin chica?
Fun things in store?
Amazing day with the greatest guy I know.
Thankful to be in SF with him for the night 
Wake up an chase the things that really matter...
Just got off work, therefore I could not go to see Titanic3D...
The most unfortunate...
Not costumed...
RT The Avengers broke every box office record including number of overweight costumed ticket holders.
Bravo!
is changing lives on the daily through community leadership.
I recommend following for
my aunt 
Is it possible to be successful adjacent?
please mention me thxx
Read my last tweet again cuz I know u smiled
one time use..Some companies claim reusable but, I have tested them and that does not satisfy me
Thanks for the follow Kate, hope we will be able to get to know a bit about each other.
In excitement of all things BlackGold today, I forgot to remind everyone: The Bobcats are bringing home a W tonight
Hahaha ...
Joe is a fool!!
He just asked if these Sopa and Pipa people that everyone was talking about were new castmembers on Jersey Shore.
WhatDoYouThink may be some solutions to prevent Forex Fraud?
doing good.
KMT emailed back and he is down too..
Just gotta get us all together for a few hours and make great things happen..!!
You got it Skinaroo.
You da best my fellow metroplex grower upper.
Humbled by your awesomeness.
On Mavs  ESPN.
peace :
Students working on peer review of essays took 's advice  focused on oral interviews 1st before looking at doctorftsworked well!
Happy Earth Day!
lmao hell naww!
I just choked laughing!
Peanut or plain?
text me!
We're meeting today to discuss the 52 people we found during in RVA Thanks for all of the support!
mister Go Go Green is taking over!
Follow me on twitter for green tips, Go Go Green 5k run/walk updates, and where I'll be next!
There is quite a level of understanding as to why postal workers lose their minds
i love how when u complement some1 they just ignore u
Wow Josh Hamilton...I guess he was just as sick of hearing about Matt Kemp as the rest of us were.
Indigo Tree Publishing proudly announces that its hit teen novel BUZZ will be released in Chinese in ebook format within the next 2 weeks!
care by joel faviere 
glad I started following you.
Creasing me up with that image.
Now that's stuck in my head!
On the upside, is walking around singing  airdoctormming it!
:D
Nevermind , but have you been txting me ?
cause i have too get a another phonee again Smh .
Join us at the Veterans Day Parade on 11/7/2011 contact for more details
As an instructor, one of my fav parts at the end of a term  getting thank you emails from students.
Makes it all worth it.
Tryin to stay motivated ....in this game
140 characters or less can be poetic sometimes.
yeah why?
Bill Nye's awesome!
Now 2 make my house as green as his.
He's 1 of the major reasons y I have a Biology BA!
Of course.
Still looking?
Have u tweeted Bpd and Wbal etc?
absolutely!
Don't you?!?

Handsome young fella
The world is my stage..
Great, I'll be lookin' for ya!
dm thanks for following us.
We are working on an initiative to deliver the best engaging curriculum at low to no cost.
I feel great when I'm sober.
I must be old.
What club has the best girls???
Good morning everybody!!
It's beautiful day in the underground!
Oldies But Goodies releases June 28th
Stoked to head to camp!
36 hours to go til go
by the way, how are you doing ?
Just got to meet she said she loves hash tags so...
SingIt WhyIsEveryoneTallerThanMe RebeccaBlackOnRD TooMuch?
same, same, how's you weeken been
UK has the game of the decade ahead of it  im sitting here wondering if we can pull off the unthinkable and get Nerlens  Shabazz
Game time.
As long as Zito does not double his era, sfgiants should win this game.
hehe i made a new twitter :3
Go follow one my inspirations !!
:D
you coulda tweeted em yano they're called orange helpers lol just type it on twitter search :
Sr Systems Engineer position w/SCOM and SCCM metro Atlanta email:
Mama can you follow me please?
;
Doing my hair..thinking...
Yeah!
Like don't cover a good song and suck.
It doesn't work like that.
Just because you had a flight to catch RT I'm off my cloud soapbox now!
FF thanks new follows Move your way!
Am sitting here at Taco Bell  I just tried the DoritosLocosTacos  they are amazing!!
Preach RT : MTV is a reality show channel, hasn't been about music for years.
The TerryBowl, hosted by Terry Bradshaw
I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING LOOOOOL
hoops  puck plays from 70 cappers so far today and 1 consesnus in each sports and off another 21 cons.
yesterday..back later
Today I just feel...
Empty  I need something to cheer me up.
FOLLOWING me won't even cheer me up.
This.
Day.
Sucks!
I wish I could use the car tab tax to fund my
happy mothers day all...
just back from holiday spending today alone but yes doctorssed fully as kathy t again
Of course!
It's a wonderful space!
Please read on for a review of one of our Touring and Training courses
: always more sexual and say fuck more
this Tuesday is all she wrote my friend
I don't think so why ?
Check out some of the newest album title submissions!
Spermatogenesys,Here,My Girl Wears A Viking Hat,Tasters Choice,Medieval Bludgeon.
is watching mirabel  magnus chase each other.
MY CAT JUST CAUGHT A BIRD OUTSIDE, OMG.
THAT BEAST.
So far Britweek has been an event to remember,with so many respected  talented Brits making an appearance.
watch this space 4a full report
Friend request accepted.
not shocked at all.
come to london asdfghjk
All my news feed on fbook is bt 4/20 , its just another day I mean if ur stoner then nothing will change, u prolly do it everyday anyway
I LOVE Natalie Le Blanc
i know i wish i could make it to the one in the city.
We are going to announce 1000 awarded for breaking event records in marathon and half!
Eating ice cream before my doctorss fitting...
Something I never get tired of hearing on the phone: nigh night Gama :
Any recommendations for a tax accountant in SF that specializes in selfemployed individuals?
thanks, I understand you have a few other surprises for the API up your sleeve.
Any hints?
You  Tequila Make Me Crazy Run Like Poison In My Blood.
One More Night Could Kill Me Baby.1 Is 1 To Many  1 More Is Never Enough.!!!
Hi Buddy!
Do you know you can sell or freely distribute your maps symbols  styles by any GIS software on GIS Extensions Market
Thx for the DM!
But I can't DM you info unless you follow me, apparently...
what other types of snacks do you like?
Ran into last night at Hotel Cafe while standing outside talking with I'm glad I can finally say that.
we've got a really huge announcement coming shortly.
: it's VERY customer friendly.
ENJOYING LIFE.
Tonight
Hey, who's starting for the Yankees today?
:D
Woww!
Two parties this week for us!
Another later this month, this is really exciting!!
A fool and his money are soon parted
Ok nevr put curlers in ur hair ashley
Don't stick your nose in that which you know nothing about.
I am fuming right now.
good morning:
Turned CommunityAction leaders on to visualize.me HFChat JobChat Pinerest resumes  more at Illinois IACAA Annual Conference at Hilton
Here outside at staples center..
...waiting to go inside to see lady gaga live at her concert....we ;
No, not at all.
The author  I must have different ideas abt romance.
Wht abt watching a sunset w/wine  looking for shells
So that's what's been affecting 's behavior since returning from LS.
In Jersey TailGateing!
Looks like Channel 7 is having technical problems.
think your daughter will come out on top again this year?lol
my parents are visiting today or I would jump on that offer!
Scheduling MAYhem commitments for entire family.
My color coded calendar looks like a rainbow threw up on it.
Sm auditions, cobu preview, sj shake app, promotions for fb while waiting.
Going deaf and it hasnt eve started
if you would like to talk to a cooking school we are certainly active!
Q: why do the Vikings wear purple?
A: you'd be purple too if you were always choking.
...which led to such silly statements like, I didn't want to, but they Forrst.me.
Listening to Alesana and watching a Johnny Depp movie with Kennicide and Kenzz.
doctorwing an awesome picture of my favorite person!
Hey: do you have a formspring?
Great talk from Alice Hoffman; got to read The Dovekeepers.
Next: JA Jance, T.
Jefferson Parker  Sebastian Rotella.
I like the stat Jayme, you have to wonder how many more doctorps he would have had if he was healthy in 10 tho
Alex, not a good pitch
But neither of them are necessary, right?
Just go with somebody I used to know.
Trying to watch the Oscars but don't know more than half the movies nominated let alone the winners
Taking my talents to South Beach.
Actually, Orlando.
Cuddled up with a paper towel roll...
still feeling feverish
great to connect with you as well
Dealing with oxymorons is a part of life, being balanced is the challenge.
Eduardo Alarcon
I live inside a Romantic Comedy.
What if
When I'm with you I have fun.
great fooling us the teasers had nothing to do with the video:p
So that means Miley Cyrus' LOL should take in 967.00
thank you so much33
WeWontWorkoutIf your friends have any say in your relationships.
just signed up lol
girl you got me looking like a hula hoop lmao
...
the girl with the too many movies...
tattoo....
omg my mother!!!
So mean
I only bring up leadership bc many of them are boasting highest levels of membership.
But in the end who are they representing?
National Weather Service just upgraded all of NYC to a Winter Storm Warning...
now expecting 610in of snow by 2am!
What is shastic you ask...
shastic is art!
shastic is creative!
shastic is YOU!
www.shastic.com.
Come on 10pm.
I'm not a huge fan of it either.
I think it is the 5th best sport, and I only have time for 3.
: MentionTo someone who got the moves like jagger.
This is good news?
Red Sox hitters lead Majors w/ 48 doubles  68 extrabase hits  are 2nd in Majors w/ both a .291 AVG  .480 SLG
FF Late Weekend wishes
how much more before your back in super Rugby?
Jakarta!
Hah..
Am feeling so tired like a G6!.
simply because I have a non biological bias lol :3
I'm goin' to visit at my Grandmother's in Brownsburg.
Hopefully they're able to put me in a better mood.
no I said no so...
I just finished watching Breaking Dawn part 1!
I'm super excited to watch part 2!
Now I'll watch Thor!
Oh, but this absurd bridge jump stunt work almost makes up for it!
Some Guy is playing guitar outside
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
i am so down for that right about now
On the road again
Thinking of signing an up and coming detective fiction writer.
Already have one in my sights.
Want 711 Press to cover pretty much all bases.
Matusz' last good game?
First two people to like our facebook page will win Hank the Tank Bronx Goblin TShirts.
Ready and go!
You think stealing makes you cool, ?
You're under arrest.
and I'm SPENT.
good morning saw hunger games last night amazing:
have fun in the burl Eat well!!!
Hey thanks for following back :
we should do something to get verified :
Learning to use my new phone
Thanks for explaining!
What2ChainzWouldSay : Poke'mon...
Pikachu!
Phantom doors...
peekaboo, shoegame....
Liu Kain, my top gone unthinkable!
: Wake up wake up it's the first of the month :
they get confused withy Mac.
Ugh
Burgers may get all the glory but these chicken tenders are finger lickin' good!
Sticky's finger joint open on 3/22 w chicken tender love
sounds good.
see you then.
Live a little cause niggas die a lot.
Me, , and have the same birthday : 9 Days!
ya but ESPN?
They can fly him/her out for an interview, smaller companies do it all the time
we could enter the boys in fashion show but it wouldn't b fair 2 other dogs.
q of prioritization; how much effort should be spent making data more easily digestible to private sector?
thanks for yesterday :
i got u bro
having a Rogue Dead Guy at the Mellow Mushroom with Meyers.
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep.
lol well I best you to the PAW!
Muahahahahaaa!
xP lol
I want to go shopping but not sure whether to head to mall in suburbs or battle tourists downtown
SEX SHOULD BE LIKE LOVE BE CAREFUL WHO U GIVE IT TEW KUZ YU MIGHT END UP REGRETTING IT
Elite 8 baby!
would love if played in johngrisham next movie
The Rock Won and Wrestling will go on without him for another decade as usual.
and I'm not gonna start on the World Title Match smfh
Jerry is a werewolf.
sexist!
I've set it on DVR.
We tend not to use them, but they work fine and are good for protecting the base of a tree.
may be able to help.
Thanks for the feedback and all the shares.
thank you!
: the awkward moment when two people start a conversation on your facebook status.
Join us for OVS Tot Shabbat on August 20 at 11:00 am!
Enjoy a fun hour of kids' activities...then stay for a familyfriendly Kiddush!
There ain't no 2nd guessin I say what I mean  mean what I say!
doctorpping the kids off at the pool can be explosive sometimes
Modern day haitians make empty threats all da time....old school haitians will slap u w/ a sandal anytime they say they will
Sometimes you have to crank X the fuck up.
Exactly what always happens to small restaurants, alas.
ThingsIReallyCantStand you say YOLO is annoying?
when you use it just as much as all the others.
I admit, I use it at unnecessary times.
i wanna try the new axe body spray for women
I can't wait for the WA Republican primary!
I wonder if voters will pick the crazy asshole, the racist bigot, or the xenophobic shithead.
It's my day off and I won't get to watch AlexMar no mo!!!
RUSHERS LOVE ??
WE TRUE RUSHER WILL ALWAYS STAND BY U?NO MATTER WT?LOVE YA?
C'mon, app devs!
Don't quit on us!
RT : Seeing a lot of it lately.
Oink, Buzzd, etc...
classified information
Essentials Haul plus other goodies  toothbrush holder
Yay the day has finally come.
Back to oregon
That what you get's
You are all i want, you are all i need, we are longing for the glory of the Lord, cuz' we know there's so much more 8
: Thank God Im Fresh me to
Oh, god.
What book/film of his did you read and/or see?
I appreciate you bruh
Weather sucks outside...
come warm up !
loved your article on Jane Austen and happy endings!
Thanks Jeannie.
Luv you.
Visit my closet for a librarian special show.
I need your help.
hi Steve thanks for the RT and your support.
Be blessed.
RT Phi psis setting off fireworks..thanks for the heart attack
Small Biz in this economy is like getting into a bleeding contest with a blood bank.
it was like something about the saying paying a dollar a day and one the answers was how Sam pays her gum fines
Lmao.
It's better than repeating the same theory like a lunatic.
haha
Tyga or wiz ?
Who you got ?
Tim Duncan has never been as athletic as Blake Griffin but his fundamentals have made him a first ballot hall of famer!
practice technique
MLTM is playing at the Big Lake block party next saturday!
Come out and hear the songs from if only for the first time!!!
gay boys
If ur looking for a woman with qualities like MarthaStewart, keep lookin.
It maybe hard to come by chomp
I'm looking for a good text that will give me an overview of keynesian and postkeynesian economics...thoughts?
I only hope it's as good of a liveaction debut as Brad Bird's M:i:IV .
I'm a big fan of the books/stories!
Being 21 is exhausting!!
did you get to touch madison?!
I'm sorry!
XD
Yeah, not just the quality but the size of the guac serving.
Pretty tiny for 2.
www.elephilms.tumblr.com  our blog game is on point  FOLLOW US!
Have been a Mahomie from the start..
And WILL be till the end!
: That's a promise that WON'T be broken Love u xo
Just watched Brian Elliott shutout the Coyotes in Phoenix.
Kid brought back memories of Milwaukee with some of those saves.
omg watching random stuff on youtube
Cheer Athletics Cheetahs Worlds Mix on Replay All Day!
lmao these police mad as shit!
Preferrably a black lab or a german shepard
damn.
: A quiet mind is more powerful than a positive mind
Every discussion and visit with similar museums provides new ideas and hope for the Space Museum project in Charlotte.
It all starts now.
Spent the morning in NatGeo's treasure room  the vintage photo archives.
Autochrome, Kodachrome, and prints from every place and time.
Pajamas!
Are we actually wearing PJs?
Maybe we can have a conversation/interview about it and we can put it on Metro's website?
we can go to portugal together since you wanna go to europe : hahaha my dad is from there the beaches are so nice !
don't worry Z we'll get you to 700k in a few hours
Then one of you guys needs to make me stop with the Blue Jackets jokes and write for Dammit.
Haha.
Ceo leadership conference great content
I just downloaded a song off ITunes from the Easy Rider soundtrack.
Yeah, the Dennis Hopper/Jack Nicholson flick.
OLD SCHOOL!!!!
We see that opportunity is all around us, but it can't present itself unless it is recognized and acted upon.
I hate 635
i just made some killer pasta.
needs some spiciness though
he might, he's a repeat offender
GM psalmist
Details on the grand opening of the Visitor Center, please!
Thanks for the mention!
Happy weekend.
:
If an iPhone screen cracks, will Apple replace it?
, did you ever get yours fixed?
lol we are.
At least I am
choosing a cher sidebar is all too hard...they're all so perf
chi may, gbv and criminal minds.
another brilliant combo by yours truly.
Have any theories on opening day tight strike zones?
: theories about lowscoring openers on hold now.
Hey Walter!
TY for follow.
Glad we connected..
fascinating work that you NLP peeps do.
Stay in touch!
not as proud I bet as when you read what award he won :
euro bonds will outperform equities and will be deemed safer imo
nyu shit: seeing a bro carrying a bonsai tree down university place
Yay!
Running buddy!
We need matching outfits!
RT : Somehow just got talked into running the WR half marathon again this year.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TWEETHEARTS
everymanshouldknow how to treat there wife with complete RESPECT
Worked out 2 hrs this morn, after having only coffee.
1 1/2 hrs ago I ate a HUGE leftover burger.
Now I feel like I haven't eaten a thing!
Never been spoiled I was taught to get what u want cuz kno gonna give it to u like u cud do it on ur own
i'll never forgive the early 2000's for causing me to get Nine Days stuck in my head just now
Aw I Love You too!
:
; so what's rhe time over there?
Followed him can you plz now follow me plz plz :
I'll just have to play this until my fingers bleed...maybe that will help me memorize it
kids Shark Feedings at the Museum at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Thu, Apr 5 2:30p: Imagine that you are swimming in the darkness...
Anyone know of an app that will combine twitter and instagram into one feed?
just reppin the Logo right now my G.
DM me your email homie
I saw you c:
find me a man and I'll go on couple dates with you lol ; I know that's hard, though.
Just want some new shoes!!
Tune in  make eastnashvilleradio your favorite!
Great music all the time!
eastnashvilleradio.com
man I can't wait until school is over
Wish homophobic neighbor had lived to hear POTUS' announcement.
Mainly so he could doctorp dead all over again.
I jut paid four dollars to get into a middle school track meet.
OMG these cheap people lol
some guys aren't like that though..
Some have class and respect..
Updated my portfolio and resume with graduation a month away.
Couldn't have done any of this without ,
Bled for the blood doctorve...
Get queso on your fancy doctorss at last night's Oscar party?
Bring er in!
We promise you'll be impressed, a different kind of cleaning!
Do you think companies measure SM impact by counting the number of FB likes they have or follows on Twitter?
Sometimes you just need a Saturday night in, with pajamas and Shark Night.
Leftovers?
Slice up some turkey w/ mixed greens, doctored cranberries  balsamic vinaigrette for a guilt free mealfreeze the rest for later.
yea i hear u lol..
wyd
Yea it sucks!
I didn't think it was that bad since he walked out with help.
If u see the replay u can tell somethin was wrong
There was a misprint in the Houston Chronicle about The Market at CITYCENTRE happening today, it actually takes place on Sunday!
Like a circular saw or a jig saw?
The answer is yes on both counts
don't miss in San Francisco.
Low key, craft cocktails, great food in North Beach area.
California lawmaker pushes bill to get sex offenders off social media Web sites  89.3 KPCC
Coraline is the freakiest film I have ever watched
YES!!
That man NEVER ceases to impress hehe
Had doctoram that R Perry gifted crowd w/ electric chairs.YOU get an electric chair,YOU get an electric chair.
If you want to laugh out loud, follow Laughing is good for you!
Likewise  thnx!
Excited for your new startup!
Feel free to add my email to your list  keep me posted of your progress.
add me on GifBoom!
username is msnancyy 
ah the annoying person is classic.
Beautiful throw .
Go Packers !
I hate Rush Limbaugh but I hate corporate censorship even more.
I'm HoME!!!!!
Super excited to see everyone ...
Joy overflowing Woo
Shootin somebody don't make you real
I can't breathe, useless inhaler!
Spreading consensus Gr8 mention.
Thnx 4 all that u do 4 the public good
I can't stop cracking myself up:D
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree.
In the eyes of childoctorn, they are all 30 feet tall.
Larry Wilde
Yes the Indiana Pacers steal 1 in Miami.
Thats whats Im talking about NAPTOWN
OMG!
Totally loved Sixteen Candles and 's song!
He's still my fave!
In our seats and ready to go!
ACM Fan Jam....going to be a wild night!
Yes we will, would love to see you!
RT : will you be open for lunch Sat because of garden walk?
Ditto and thanks!
They are two of my favorite things!
Damn feel like I haven't looked at twitter in evers.
It's hot af and I'm ready to go!
My mom made her a new friend and she about to get left!
hahahah..
What a fruitcake like we don't know he reads EVERY Tweet
More than hating to wear wrinkled clothes, I hate having to iron them.
:
Using our new Nokia Windows Phone very cool!
webinar today on maximizing time at this year's conference in April!
Looking forward to bringing the sports home!
when are they showing this episode?
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
That reminds me...
I have some precious cargo for that I need to transport to

shopping ,  movies later :
They just showed a commercial for a show called Meat Men SuperPause smdh
I need you in it to make it a lil better..lol When we can we chop it up a bit.?
RT : And we populate this stereoscope scene with a tribe of monkeys...
I LOVE MY JOB
Not worried yet bats look good.
Phil H needs to step up big Sunday.
GO YANKS !!
Hey Boulder peeps any suggestions for hikes/walks today that don't need snow shoes or won't be a mud bath?
Damn work tomorrow
I sincerely don't understand how people can go to the same theme parks over and over and over.
Thanks for the mention, Follow our feed or Like us on FB for screening and release updates!
I think there are a few ppl on here that would trade places with your dog, even with the bow : lol
After each audition, grade yourself honestly and keep a journal.
I'm blocking out Friday night, thanks.
He did dat
check yr inbox
We use photo images only.
:
Just had an amazing Sound Design meeting with Ben Wong and Laura Rachfalski!!
Can't even lie Tnt and espn would have boosting rates if its Battle of LA!!!
Sounds divine!
Thanks
I think my view on the politics of bin Laden is it won't do much for O bc people just think, Well, how long ago should that have happened?
that's good country don there!
What's the most spontaneous thing you've every done?
Tomorrow always brings us things we never thought of.
Yet yesterday gives us memories  lessons we will learn from several yesterdays away.
Staal again??
This is not hockey.
This is a childoctorn's magic show.
HatTrick.
93.
Based off of that.
I have to know.
RT : lol at where that was tweeted from
yeah, i switch to FF, too, but there some annoying things like our clunky content manager that don't work on Firefox.
Solidarity!
we are long overdue for a 4 at the Four's so let's figure out a time in March to catch up.
Enjoy your weekend.
absolutely!!!
thought I must have been already : if you have a youtube channel let me know
Woah!
My toes are purple  blue sick!x
Oh, I thought someone in Atlanta was actually barbecuing a shelf.
So I can actually stay connected with You, professorssor!!!!
If nt FB, then Twitter it is!
LOL!
How have You been?
GOD BLESS.
:
I think I am on Modern Family tomorrow night 3/18/12 with the hilarious
JSB: Are we preparing our students with interdisciplinary knowledge  skills to solve grand challenges?
Ah!!!!!
Beast mode!!!
RT : Your Green Bay Packers are 2011 NFC North Division Champions!
Three homer game for Josh Hamilton.
Nice day out in the convert.
Supplying books through a school library can offset the effects of poverty on reading comprehension  Krashen
It's an oddly conservative stripe in this otherwise seemingly Dem city, this bent toward privatization.
Do the Avengers have a battle cry?
It's a SteezMovement , real style never imitate.
Do your own damn thing
Have you hugged your axe today?
!
Happy Independence Day !
To all man and women in the Military, Serving our country right and the ones back in the states!!!
: PD2.0 should not be quest 4 giant button for SecState 2 push 2 make everyone think the same thing  not an
its all good lol.
thank you :
Maybe watching on RT:Morning shout out to the tigers just woke up since they don't have practice 2day
bear fights.
And it was a pleasure for us.
ej
Will you be live tweeting tonight?
isn't that Sam waterson's office?
Who seems like white Isaac in a bowtie?
Also control room looks exactly the same.
SN 2.0!
Looking for REAL SIMPLE mag Subscription deals.
Anyone?
Omg stop it Cat!Lol another nickname!Im not.I do model but lol!: U are prob flawless and gorgeous!
Hi how you doin :
sometimes i look through my own tweets and wonder how i actually have followers.
You know what they say about giving up...
A couple loaded but the majority didn't.
None on the student page loaded either.
Tried in Firefox and Chrome but no luck yet
doctornkingaboutmuseums call out
I might tripp, i might stumble, but never again will i fall for ur type..PRODIGY
I am here in Philly so it's all good.
: we will make it happen.
I had to unfollow because your website is a mess and will not display properly on my ipad
you don't know how bad I need this adventure tonite!
future anxietiessay good bye.
Im still gay tho...
on the coo..
There is a Ricky Young there in Nashville who has bogarted my name on Twitter.
all thanks to our den mother for starting it!!
Be in prayer for me tonight as i bring the word tonight!: HEi John 3:30
Any day when I fall asleep with wet hair and wake up not looking like a Fraggle is an auspicious one.
How / where do I get a copy of Mama Lily and The Dead?
2 1/2 years..
Im moving before then.
I cant deal with all their stuff anymore I juss wanna scream.
First run in months and I did about 2.5 miles..
I think I can be proud of that!
Disabled vehicle in center lane, I83 NB before exit 44.
I just!
Can't!
Wait!!
Where is the best Super Bowl party going to be
Our faith in the present dies out long before our faith in the future
NW True Life...
I'm addicted to porn
Your story is the greatest assest you have.
Kionne L.
McGhee
Listening to Charles Stanley , great message as always!
Duly noted!
I faithfully add these requests to the wish list.
About Joyce Molly Bloom said it best: yes.
: a whole year lol a fast  year lol
I believe this very well may be the biggest UK game in my lifetime.
yea I'm there 2morrow bro
cring for i swear because won
I seriously can't wait!
Countdown!!
Hello all...soon to come staging and organizing tips!!!
Rakim aka blueprint of your favorite rapper
us too!
Traffic is bad again around Nashville.
Spring breakers adding to the traffic problems.
Well now that ive scared the shit out of myself, i probably wont be going to sleep anytime soon.
want to go in halvsies with me?
How disappointing...
I thought you were better than that.
I guess not.
Oh no you didn't....
Guy at the light rail is wearing an Os shirt and a Nationals hat
trying to organize an outing for around 11 people on my management team at the June 29th night game can you hook us up?
thanks for following !
is it really a WebCam??!
Awesome Aaron!
Great to hear!
thanks for meeting with me and the crew, we can't wait to promote Ghoulwill Ball together this year!
AGirlsBestFriend RT Diamond Fact: 250 tons of earth must be mined to produce a single onecarat diamond.
Thank you for following me Dnyce MDN as soon mi can I will Follow you and ur Followers too I'm on a limit right now.
Thanks!
P.B.
They just won't go away
Just a few days away from our show 4 at the Hermit Club in downtown!
Sunday 730p.
Tkts 7 ahead or 10/door.
Join us!
Agreed, maybe barea should start in place of Marion too lol
Playing Quelf with the family!!!
Lmaooo best game ever!!!!
Ughh I love my family 3
Don't allow yourself to believe something until it's been proven to the point where doubt has no place in your heart or mind.
Goodbye my Love!
Heidi Watney leaves NESN to be Lakers sideline reporter.
Damn you Kobe!
Two Hall of Famers on the court and Mario Chalmers shoots for the tie
awh by Edwards apartment :c
RT Happy National High Five Day!
I'm tired and lonely.
Can you say early bed time?
A publicly owned facility is no longer viable for its intended purpose.
It needs to be replaced.
hahahahahahah....only you would like this Margaret....
Wow I Feel Like A Freaking Old Person With My Cousin !!
No Offense To Old People :
Damn broo dale!
U gonna be back for opening day?
Ah Saturday.
Come out to Brady Street tonight!
They're lucky to have you Kelly SUinNYC RT : interning for CAAs office in NYso excited!
Snakebites...
It's not like it's an emergency.
Insurance probably doesn't cover it 8O
This carmel apple is so delicious.
Soft bigotry of low expectations?
Few available appointments left on Saturday!
Enjoy Extended hours that day of 10am to 6pm!
Call 3272507 to reserve your appointment!
RT : The original energy doctornk was cracking an egg into a pint of Pabst sweet!
has ordered flags 2B flown  halfstaff Wed, Feb.
8th, in memory of Seattle's U.
S.
Marine Corps Sgt.
William C.
Stacey
Tony is making baby Skylar noises this morning.
Hehe.
Being wanted, is it selfish or desperate?
Either way, I want u to want me!
I need it!
Great win for RIT Hockey
Woah, woah  wait a tic.
How did this essay get to 2,500 words without me noticing?
Don't pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a hard one 3
LOL FOR WHAT
One of the best for sure.
thoughtsduringschool Hm that door is open...
I wonder if I can leave without getting caught??
Because being funny is soo intimidating..
Someone coming to look at my piano today.
I hope she buys it!
Trying to downsize for this move!
Taqueria Mercado for lunch  soft corn tacos  a lime Jarritos.
Yum!
Reward yourself with a night outthen let iDine do the same with AMEX Reward Cards!
Girls night with , , and !
Bring on the laughs....
oh, and we're closing on our house at 2PM this Friday.
just another reason to break out the beer.
I Know This Is Embarrassing Buhh I dont Know Half of The People I Be Tweetingg ..
Jus Being Honest !
I'm so thankful!
Great time over at listening to talk about democracy community Baltimore 
cool, nice to meet you!
Thank you for saying hello.
What part of the world are you in?
I love my beats, they sound just as good as the day I got them.
are all republicans arrogant idiots?
of course you are!!
Happy Friday!
take note puffy white clouds.
that's how it's done.
I got a few things for christmas my parents where like how can we buy u stuff when all year long u buy everything lol love my parents, igot
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
electricity for sure!
Have a good stack in satelite to wpt main...
lets keep it together and win a seat plus some cash :
I'll post powerpoint slides when they are ready, usually about a day before or after class.
Sorry, I don't post lect.
notes
you're not hardcore until you play a show in a onesie
Jimmy got shot in the parking lot.
lol yea.
It was in the open field near the big house RT : a coyote!!!!
where is it??
lol thats scary!
joseph, i am interested in hearing your perspective.
i have no issues using excel on my mac.
RT : Heading into the third overtime period, this is now the fourthlongest game in Capitals franchise history
Backpack to Briefcase Workshop today in Doermer 063!
Resume Help, 23pm and How to Search, Apply and Interview for jobs/internships, 34pm.

Welcome Eric!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
I really need snowboarding advice from I want to try it out for the 1st time in 2 1/2 weeks and I need advice.
PLEASE JAMES!:
At Pilsen Community Market w turnip green galettes, herbs, lentil pies, buckwheat micros and sweets!
Are you kidding, actual educational books by Mark Twain and John Steinbeck are taken out of libraries.
It's sad.
Oh hey guys...
I'll be on iTunes pretty soon...
Lights Out Moore!!

studying for the damn physics
what happened??:o
Could use maybe a lamp?
;
I already have, we have Dancer which was inspired by that framework.
: perl has been stealing alot lately.
...
Cookies?
Sure.
Shallow Grave Satanic Symphony Live At The Red Line Tap February 11th !!!
Thanks!
Yeah, we aim to update the blog every day but we get busy with client projects.
:
Bout to grocery shop for meat lol...
Why Andy still pitching ?
We'd love to include a pic or two from the Houston BAT if there are any to share!
Links?
Slow down there, pal.
I'm not sure if we have a mutual friend.
But whether we do or not, we are friends now.
Take care and tweet N E time.
that sounds about right!
Im doctornk.....APRIL FOOLS!!!!!!!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Follow  a couple BOSTON badasses taking shit over!!!
josh smith thats why you not a superstar you live by the jumper die by the jumper.
we know u can take it to the hoop but u wont smh
Make your life a mission  not an intermission.
Wow.
Two of my students who have been MIA since the end of last semester are here today!:
Melo ugly now he use to be cute
Thx for following.
Are you a CivilWar history 'buff' ?
I love how wears her YMCMB shirt on the show.
Basketballwives 
itstoodamncold for any of this shitt!!
Fuuucckk!!
School will be the death of me...
We're always glad to see fellow Chicago social media enthusiasts!
Maybe we'll see you at a tweetup?
GO  GO DEREK JETER MY HOMETOWN HERO KALAMAZOO MICHIGAN'S PRIDE
thanks for the RT :
Looking forward to seeing everyone at my fundoctoriser 102711, 57 at the Harp.
Come sign my petitions!
Let's make it official!
Fat Jack's in Monona has quite the impressive collection of Wisconsin ephemera.
Looks like Kobe has his game face on already....must be an exciting game!
Happy Easter everybody!!!
God bless you and remember that he's always by our side!!
33 love
did he cut his grass?
Ben uses it to clear the sidewalk
Sucker Punch Visually stunning but not a great movie.
A mediocre story interlaced w/video games.
4/9
All the best Tony!
TedCruz to LPR2011  Recipe to take back the country: stand for principle, defend liberty, value opportunity.
Last day of SpringBreak, and I think it might be time to dig out my warm weather clothes: 85 in Alabama today.
I liked most of them and in the end I liked all of them.
daily rumpus
Thanks, Michael!
SO to my new hockey and one direction loving friend lol
Everyone go follow !
: x
i would wait a bagillion,zillion years for u to finally notice me,but can TONIGHT be it?yeah i don't think so:
We've got 1 pitcher who cant pitch against rivals, 2 who can't pitch on road, and 4 who cant pitch.
I'm officially worried
I thought I'd just let you know what kind of thankless writing business you signed up for ; .
Jokes aside I'll be in touch!
Thanks
very true.
least he's fast
RT : Our last East Town Market is this Saturday.
will be on hand with art for the kiddos....
Getting pretty warm outside!
Are we breaking any records yet this spring?
Hey wait!
I thought vampires didn't show up in mirrors!
Bally's scene.
Right!
To the 'About Page' we go.
: Thx  slipped our mind!
If ever through London, let us know  we're here, and NYC.
Go Trojans!
The boyz look gr8 in 2012!
RT : We hear you!
Aaron played here at
quit calling out guys who weigh 147 lbs when u walk around at 180!!
Agree??
Session 5 at AAS3rdCentury : The Digital Turn  the Physical Object.
David Jaffee, Bard Graduate Ctr, teaching objects in age of new media
How's your kaizen?
reminds me of 2005/early 2006
Men have the right to chose a partner that wants a planned baby, not force a woman to keep one that her body is not ready for
So true, I work on the Circle and don't expect my vehicle to make it another year of all the abuse.
Hello has asked me to chase up your photographer who wanted me at his wedding?
Consider yourself chased!
I really should clean my room.
knocks on wood
now i am.
follow back?
Finally got to our seats 2 rows from the top
omg what.
Are you doing right now?
Happy Birthday to pro golfer !!
true your the best stylist Ty
I hope rapid progress in wireless technologies renders this conversation quaint by the end of the decade.
Get ready for 2 new design releases today...WWW.smirkclothing.com

the shimmering haze / above / the wet stone haiku Chiyoni
Creative friends: RT is looking for an illustrator.
Do you know any awesome illustrators?
Email kwalton  imow dot org for info!
Holler at for the follow!
Stoked for a good season!
I want to have a chocolate shake from haagan daz and just chill on my terrace
haha what's the youngest you would date?
:p are you a pedophile?
I wish I had a better Christopher Walken impression.
HowToGetRejected ask me to borrow ANYTHING!
I don't lend my shit out!
Absolutely.
The NFL needs a handout?
RT It's time taxpayers stop funding stadiums for fabulously wealthy sports team owners.
JJ with a BOMB!
Up 35 over the Yankees.
ive been weekend stoned
lol I told u to join me but u wouldn't lol
: Bryce Alford commits to Lobos: La Cueva point guard Bryce Alford will announce his verbal commitment to play for...
OK Paranormalactivity3...
WASN'T scary!
The ending was kinda lame.
I like the way the movie was shot..
looks realistic, somewhat convincing
Yay.
Someone stole my credit number.
Great.
Planning to be ?
Join us Sunday, 9:00 AM for the BEA's Becoming a More Powerful Storyteller  proven techniques in use around the world
I wander what Atheist say when they hit their finger,
Geez, people lose all sense of humor when you put corn syrup in their Neti pot.
Lighten up!
It's April Fools!
Your sinuses will be fine....
Hey Kim cool sunset!
hey did ya hear crystal is comming to Lima ohio aug 3rd day before her bday trying to get vi's 2gether u in?
Try me the next time you're lookin' for a 1...
the secret casket of his genius contains a vapour rather than a jewel EM Forster on Joseph Conrad
I was thinking the same thing.
It just fist so many situations RT: : ok, dumbassery is my new go to word!
Cause they know Walker is going to win.
They just don't want to admit it.

don't remember what you try to teach them.
They remember what you are.
Jim Henson
Cool.
Curiosity hererather than fullfledged interestabout the history of medicine, but definitely yes on the other counts.
Thank YOU for the RT!
Not much my man!
Just a lot of traveling and meeting fans, best thing
I love here persistent and determination
thanks sister!
I have faith you will be celebrating too!
My kid just said  sometimes I like to sit and see how long I can think of nothing..
Oooookayyyyy?
Hello Suzanne, thank you for your Tweet.
I hope you are well and I like what you are doing with your career.
RT : : CastingCollective are looking for extras in Manchester for a TVdoctorma filming in earlyMar.
Age 16....
Late breakfast, but my morning started a long time ago...
How's come?
Just curious.
I'm on hiatus from homebrewing, myself.
What other merch would you guys like to see in the future?....
lets see how creative you guys can get :
tonight at sick saturdays for the super fun party bass crazy music time.
no doctorss code/cover/bs/haters/swag.
10pm
there are worse gigs at doctorpalCon.
In related news, where are you doctornking tonite.
Would like to catch up!
What's web 2.0 all about?
Shouldn't we be up to at least web 6.0 by now
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
FengShui Tip: Sound moves energy.
So play music you love and see how it energizes you and your space throughout your day!
My pleasure.
You're fucken awesome!
thanxs for following
got no time for peoples bullshit
2 things in my life i'm thankful for: my salvation n that i was not created as ugly as LeBron James
hits your mentions : RT : Someone hit my mentions
Congrats to as my first Storify subscription and the reason I finally got an account there :P
Buffett's Fed tax bill last year was only 17 of his taxable inc  lower age than paid by most Americans.
Way to go GOP!
love you brobro.
FULL BODY BURDEN  memoir of growing up in the shadow of a nuclear contaminated site.
Colleague of Skloot.
I wish LMAFO was playing the halftime show instead of
I walk around wearing GodOverMoney shirts because that's honestly how I live.
I trust In God  could Care less about a peice of green paper
Special Financing!
Added Upgrades!
Amazing Pricing!
5 Realtor Commissions!
August is the BEST time to buy a NEW home!
I will be tweeting live from the Health Literacy Network meeting 5/2023 and from the Global Public Health Challenge May 1922.
So jealous RT : Going to hear the Queen Toni Morrison read at Barnes  Noble tonight.
Loollll RT : that awkward moment when you tell somebody to GO SIT IN THE CORNER while you're in a round room.
LOL I ain't neva scared!
RT : and it looks jiggly too..man imma learn today, I'm not scared
: Ammar Wawi of the FSA has just declared war.
All regime army and security locations in Damascus are now targets of the FSA.
WeAre...lucky...WeAre...not that good...
YAY!
thanks boys and girl i got 100 followers : for that i will follow all of you back and give you all a twitter huge ;'
I can think of some very successful people who'd disagree very strongly with that.
Listen close I got duct tape and rope..
I'll leave u missin like the fuckin obannons
I hope you are havin a good break : see ya in a week
perhaps, I'm only a few episodes in.
it is a gud thing 2 receive wealth fro God n gud health 2 enjoy it.
2 enjoy ur work n accept your lot in life dis is indeed a gift fro God.
Obama is fixin to pay back his supports, with Market gains, buy low  sell high, Bin will print more 
WHY OH WHY do the two Princeton post offices always have such LONG  SLOW moving lines???!!!
ugh!
We are responsible for what we do, no matter how we feel.
When I get my car I'm not gonna be late ANYWHERW
Thanks for the follow, Benjamin.
I write mysteries and have optioned a screenplay.
Great to meet you.
did u get my evite to my cleaning partyjust wondering cause it started 7mins ago and u r not here.
i wonder how country my family is going to act today.
I have been waking up in the morning crying
yep!
I kno anyone that was there last yr or the yr before
One minute remaining in the 3rd  final period
Happy Birthday to reggae artist: Michael Rose
love you.
I came, I saw and I came again.
I lost my debit card :/
We are preparing for our Greek Orthodox Easter celebration next Sunday...
In Athens!!
Fireworks all day?
Serious?
should be a good game !!!
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
Turn up the music 'cause I feel a little turned on
Casting  Deb Aquila is casting the role of MAKSIM 14 Male Russian for Missing.
More castings like this updated every day in the app!
Good game last night, Colts!
Back to work on this chilly Tuesday morning!
Excavation then limestone and sand...then the pavers!
but im okay now but wanted to try out .
.
mother fluffer
Yes, I agree!
RT Don't miss The Debt.
Helen Mirren is the best actress in the world.
Totally walked ou of the girls locker room and u said hi I me today 
Gladiator style Warhammer 40k tournament March 25th!
Check out the forums for details!
Stop on by for some fun quick action!
They are going great!
I can't wait to record the new material!!!!
awe...
Thanks lonnie!!!
Just seeing this tweet.
Blackberry was sick this week
you are awesome ...
Thanks for that u inspire me.Hope we both live our doctorams .N screw those who push u away .
Keep n touch
Which one of our singles do you guys like more: American Dictation or Create, Sustain?!
is that a mask on ur head??
turns out I'm not bad at speaking in public.
Reading again:
Brandon Jacobs reportedly going to request a trade from the Giants today.
Could he be headed to Green Bay?

For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
sounds pretty cool !
wow this girl is hot
Good luck!
Well mom, congratulations on having a child as awesome as me.
You're welcome.
could be better lol, I'm a pirates fan
I'm in the car..
On my way for someone's birthday party :
loving Little Talks by that just playing on thealbumisveryfun!
Im known as a shooter i never miss my target
Well goodnight twitter!!!!
yep..sticking to blogger...though may copy the posts to wordpress too...:
: Goodnight twitterville.
It's been a long day and 4:30 comes way to quickly!
Night!
I thought The Ghost in Love was great, and I'm looking forward to reading more of his stuff.
Excellent writing and ideas.
Interesting story.
We were 29 with our twin boys, 35 with our daughter and 42 with our last son.
They all 4 have autism.
Thank you Joelle!
Amazes me how people can find confidence and self esteem in words and phases...
Pampered with a makeover today....awesomeness :
RT : A nail biter!
I kept flipping between CBS GameTracker and Twitter feed.
: Rally Falls Short  SFGiants ...
nah they did the other day in the 10 loss actually
hey his parents do follow me so
What an amazing first year Happy anniversary to us!
My throat's swollen and hurting...
I think it's just allergies but it's miserable.
I don't want to talk :/
It's Thrifty Tuesday!
Save HALF off admission!
where?
mlb.com/brewers???
should songwriters take vocal lessons?
Ready to go to the museum.
Prolly won't even get there till 1:30 if we even go now
Return of the Mac
u are the first dj to actually spin my song for me because u rock wit it u have no idea how I appreciate that
I really wish I had a time machine so I could go back and change things so I wouldn't still be thinking about this shit six months later.
:/
oh shoot...
was art murmur tonight...
lame I missed it!!!
Did yous see them ?
grrr.
stupid blogger!
i switched to wordpress because of that  a pain to move, but way less problems.
I don't see any location info
Yep yep...spread the word to Cabrini!
I'm tired of staying up all night crying myself to sleep.
I'm tired of waiting hours at a time for you to txt back.
I'm done trying..
Me too!
: I wanna go fishing
Now I'm with the babysitter picking up my brother
RT : Turn the lights down low, baby come closer.
I want some of your love tonight.
I don't have your number homez.
And now for something completely different!
Scholars' Thursdays at VIA.
2 for 1 taps  1/2 price apps for students and professor after 9:00pm.
Good morning
Just downloaded a twitter client for my andoctorid, here's my first tweet...
nice.
I missed checking in at ihop this morning in Austin TX
Im sick of chris cd keep gettin push back.
Since it did can u plz change the til i die song with u and wiz on there only.
Seems a bit excessive if you ask me.
Higher then whitney on her way to heaven....to soon huh?,...well I smoke like 9/11
RT : Spring training in Lakeland ticket sales 5x above normal after word Prince Fielder was coming to   Dave Dombrowski
Add that to your giant list of things you couldn't do last year...
I made bacon as part of my lunch today and now everywhere I go all I can is bacon!
I wonder if everyone else can smell it too?
Me too.
He's underrated.
you mean I actually have to attend another one?!
; I look forward to meeting you soon,
o we will win the next game!
Lol Doug is going to coach this team to play D!
It's about to be a fun night in St.
Louis.
The goaltending duo has been the key to their success.
my head is still hurting though, so we will have to see how long this lasts hopefully not long
Girls have a bad habit of holding on for too long but guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
Song number 3 for the album may have just been written...
:
Artists should not treat other artists like fans and fans like artists.
Respect the boundaries.
Might make it down to Frenchman tonight, lookin to do some crazy shit
Free Prescription Discounts  Savings up to 20  Eckerd  SINGULAIR 
what's up tech
Oh, you changed my name in your phone to bitch?
m/
Thx for the info.
I just followed him.
Always awesome to hear what God has done!
If you are seeking employment tweet your job search and interview experience!
www.hrjobboard.com
Thanks for the follow!: Wishing you
Some girls really like getting beat up.
Like seriously.
haha seriously!!!!
Like I'm so mad and happy and depressed at the same time.
I would be too : last night I doctoramt I was in a lockdown with them!
It was so awesome!!!
OMG hahaa!
I'm gonna wear shorts .
or idk.
idk what to wear!
i wanna wear something good!
cause theyre fashion designers!
: Who has been the best Diaper Dandy thus far?
I am sure you think it's Austin Rivers.
It's Micheal KiddGilchrest!!
Haha well in his videos he seems too not care :p omg i love shy boys .
i'm shy but not shy like at the same time O.o lmao
Another great weekend at ahead of us!
You've been hearing the buzz about us being the BEST nightspot in the city if not WAKEUP
I was married by a judge.
I should have asked for a jury.
Groucho Marx
: We learn the ropes of of a script by untying its knots.
I love my class at Ivana Chubbuck for this.
celebrating my birthday at my favorite restaurant, P F Changs, with my favorite niece in Myrtle Beach.
great birthday!!!
this rain has gotta go
I love Chicago, but of I see another one of my Facebook friends post It's not the Willis Tower...
I'm not angry.
I'm just disappointed.
BleachFullmetal AlchemistNarutoDarker Than Black favanimerightnow
Things are more like today than they have ever been before.
I thought I'd give them a 30 seconds running start.
In this case tho they need a day's start!
LOL
I LOVE the cat on the 100sub video!!!
haha i just keep thinking of the video you showed me yesterday!
This officiating is unbelievable
Hahaha!
I only tweet it once in a while but counting minutes all the time while in prep  not!
Books are never finished, they are merely abandoned.
Oscar Wilde
Rush to the club cuz I wana get faded.
Watching Antiques Roadshow...
because I am prepping for when I am older, single, and surrounded by cats.
Get Austin Mahone Verified
I miss my baby:
IT HAPPENED AGAIN
If Denver didn't pass on that 55yd fg earlier..
There is no question would love the presser peytonmanning us putting on.
Everyone thought NYGiants and SF49ers lost big in free agency last year..not what it seems eh??
Anyone want to buy an iPad 1, for say, 600?
Come on, retro!
chains being broken as we speak.
more intimacy with God in His love and freedom.
last week is harder and challenging, but denying
And that's why I didn't know the microbrewery had actually opened!
Is the beer any good?
Did you read it???
Good, okay, or bad?
You can tell the truth, I won't ge mad :  Bretana
and I thank you for that!
Not offended at all.
Someone Like You,3
i like potential.
and i like pilots
Lmao Gotta Get In All My Candy Cravings Before I Leave.
:
Got pinched for not wearing Green even though my plugs are green  ppl need to learn their colors lmao xD
Hell Yeah!
RT : I really want to do a college only arena tour gobadgers!
Bush is in a similar situation as he was in Oakland.
Sharing carries.
Law Firm scary
Your supply is endless and brilliant.
Oh and btw ALL CATS EVERYTHING.
I hear people are mad that shit is selling.
You should of come up with it first.
That was a good movie just long as fuck.
If I am the summation of all my friends I might just be a loser.
Time for lunch...
Behind the time today
Is anybody awake
Hey Ashley, could you DM me your contact info?
I lost it.
Thanks!
Getting ready for a run thru the marina.
How many people are going to represent and ThunderUp while at ConcertsontheCurve?
got it!
You might get some good use of it in Monsoon season, some of the best lightning shots come from AZ/NM!
Not sure what the deal is
old news.
person in bunker is dead.
I'm confused.
Why r cities like MKE having St.
Patrick's parades today?
Isn't the holiday next Saturday?
Thought you might feel that way!
DTs, anyone?
Grueling, yet productive night in the studio.
Yay, music!
If you need to talk to anyone, I'm here for you.
TheSaddestPart is You already know...Bt you don't even care....
My brother doctorwned his iPod, so he put in in the entire 1 lb package of rice instead of a bowl of rice....
I'm one happy feminist mama!
My daughter's 6 months today!
A woman in charge at the NY Times!
Let's break 100 more ceilings before she's 2!
definitely my favorite line
those shoes are SO YOU!
You still trying to get 56 ???
ha!
finally had 2 tell them 2ask if UR friends had anything 2share!
Mine would've been happy 2 talk the whole time!
Truly scrumptious creation
where is your focus?do you have any thing good to focus on?
are you hungry?clothes?shelter?
I know you have a friend ME :
You gettin abandoned or a new room?
4.37 a gallon in unleaded gas!
That's like pouring Starbucks latts into my gas tank!
Book Party at Busboys and Poets on April 28th at 5pm.
BookTHE 5TH INNING BY E.
Ethelbert Miller.
Memoir.
Whoa!
For serious?
That's wild, man.
good luck to all my classmates who have mock MLB salary arbitration oral arguments tonite.
Food baby
6,000word article about for a prestigious genealogy journal that might make me cut half of it for being overly technical?
Done.
haha yeah right!
X u cant reach my brownness!
N u shush at least I tried :
Amazon.com and datavis.com is where it is at to get those
aw well at least I wasn't the only one.
After my first one went off I didn't turn my second alarm off though
2ChainzRemix I'll fuck ya wife.
Don't abort.
9 Months after that, CHILD SUPPORT!!!
Yes!
Sasha answered my question and read my posts!
Sasha keeps making my life!
He got his money, he doesn't need to work hard now
of course!!
I love Joanie very much!
RIP ReRe :
Go Buckeyes!!!!!
I closed down a bar last night.
Now I'm slamming diet coke on the subway platform.
Today's gonna be a cinch.
I HATE when basketball players scream AND ONE!
where are y'all?!
I hope your game is as action packed as mine was!
It felt like the Cup Finals!
SORRY BRO!
i didnt know it was possible to answer those while taking a shower
Oof.
Best wishes in your efforts.
What words are 'safe'?
OH God, I hate Snakes and insects.
LOL
About to go into IKEA.
If you don't hear from me in 4 hours, send someone in to look for me!!
was it the AVFC one?
If so, it was probably Dion's way of saying he's actually an Arsenal fan :
mandella still growing his hair so he don't look as black!
U and ya hair same color
Congress.
Fail.
Thanks for Follow Please Send Us Any Event Info You May Have and We Can Share It if You Guys Help Us Out from Time 2 Time.
I don't miss my ex.
I miss the memories.
it's not gonna be the same without you D;

My Girl Likes To Sabotage  Wale'  Lloyd'
24/7/365 Access to U.S.
Doctors with 15 Year  Experience that prescribe you Medication 80 of The time for 9.87 monthly for entire Family
omg I used to love that show, jealous!
Lol hope your doing good.
Miss you guys.
Thank you to of for your love injection!
We heart you!!
Nice!
representing OHIO at ias12 RT : Using OhioRocks to feature connections to the state at
sounds like a good day!
After 34 straight hours of bombardment, Sumter was evacuated having offered only token response.
Casualties were minimal.
I got over whatever killer bug I had lol that mess had me all messed up.
yeah its heads get over here!
dosnt mean you never did it.
nice.
Did you play?
hey what up
I am half way done with my Tray 15 of 30.
YAY!
During a huge lead.
Me: We're journalists, we have first amendment rights to be here.
Bitchy lady: I HAVE FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS!
the system always trumps any one player
hey now
A blunt would be nice right about now .
Seriously addicted to roasted cauliflower, lemon, garlic, Parm...yum!
Rangers' Hamilton blasts four HRs
yep no doubt.
love that one by the way Adam.
I guess Corey is not a clever man ;
Whats wrong with wanting quiet time in the morning?
remember the leather gloves that got wet and shrank when doctor.
OJ
Thanks Gwen.
Same to you all!
anytime, anytime
It takes all the running you can do just to keep in the same place.
Lewis Carroll, Through the LookingGlass, 1872
hey seattle friends, pure bathing culture is opening for at barboza aka jr on 4/21
Email your CV to: .
Raspberry Lemon Sorbetto is the flavor or the week!
Q: is it your job to become a librarian of the future now?
or to just be prepared for the future when it arrives?
I swear red bull truly gives me wings
I am.
It makes me feel very hopeful!
WhiteSox Scherzer pitching like molasses in cold Weather, and not too Skilfully either.
A 32minute inning.
He should go to Boston!
When I see you again, all I want is for you to hug me.
That's all I can ask for
: Glad to hear it, Kathie.
Thanks for following, stay tuned for more!
Just experienced my first earthquake here in California.
Interesting , but all safe and sound here at school.
Sunday at 2
Rehearsing tonight: I Love the Lord; Jesus is Mine.
Everywhere I go...everywhere I be...
you should have came and seen me in Denver for the last 3yrs.
he is all great when he goes after non colleagues but when it is a colleague it so wrong its his craft anyones game
IDK?!
Lets go
awww love this
can it be like 5th period or something?
machine Saturday??
was that you in the JC Penny ad with Ellen?
No WAY.
Stop.
How?
Bummer!
U guys make it home ok?
If You are truly a one directioner you will RT this Bring1DtoHawaii !!!
Think about it more shirtless pics, and surfing pics !!!!
3
Tottenham fan praying for
not bad!
How about you?
How're you feeling?
I will continue being an edge case for as long as I can.
:
Scheyer is gone and has said he is not coming back, the NY TIMES is a bit late...
I just hired a production company for my project.
There's no turning back now :
Very cool.
Keep it up!!
wow...and you said you werent going on twitter OR instagram.
fail
I wish my brother was here.
R I.P Evan 3
traveling sat to tues is the worlds best thing!
pack on sat morning, don't get frazzled, and still have time for dinner date with
since is now a judge, I bet you were auditioning this year...
; don't lie man.
JayZSyncShow how do I get a job with the director?
That dude seems rad.
yep I really want to try it, it sounds great...
heheh x
Excited for you, Friend!
Love the mission and hear the wine is great...thanks for the rec to have you partake in a event!
Honored to be present for Hollis Stacy induction to the WGHOF Class of 2012
new single Naughty Naughty  OmG.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others.
The Dalai Lama
An entire forest of hair product trees were destroyed to create Eric Karros hair.
Thanks!
Yes  let's put something on the calendar soon.
Of course.
we are glad u r here!
I WANT A BETTER SEAT!!
RT Aquarius: don't expect PDA from them but they sure are good shoulders to cry on.
The purpose of a business is to create a customer.
Peter doctorcker
Results will be in Ante up magazine next month and winner of main event on cover.
Aajonus Vonderplanitz is the man for a MAN diet.
The PrimalDiet  step up  RawFood with raw meat.
Rule 1  don't knock it, til u try it.
studying for finals and working  whats new
So wats good people
I get A1 everything ..
replaying Sons of Liberty IDK why!
bye world of twitter...
Seems like all public tennis courts are closed.
Winter season?
Now starting www paper review, hopefully this is a good one...
Kenan Lil sister on Kenan and kell was so fine lol !!!!
I wonder how old she is now
Teaching myself how to make iPhone and Andoctorid apps.
Alvarez is blake griffin lil brother
good morning debbie and friends
Hey!
you wanna follow me please?
for how much??
Happy Friday!
Huge thanks to all of our old and new followers!
If you put us in your FollowFriday, we'll put you in ours!
RT Nice to meet you ant thanks for the RT!
i just wanna say thanks for following us and we hope to follow all of you we love you all 3
Piss on oldtime hockey!
We're losing!
Kalon might be a douche, but the skateboarder, boom box guy and Prince Charming are doucheier..
it's a train wreck!
But whining about excuses why you lost is not what good fans do.
omg, concert's on Thursday!!!
:O :D
A4.Increase in mobile videos; Mobile is primary way 75 of users access YouTube content, you can change your msg constantly
Thanks Everyone for taking advantage of the Ticket Blitz for It was a sell out!
We cant wait to see you at Metro Park!
guess who's on my bus lol
Did we do it?

Have you read it?
We offer excellent customer service
Risks are something we can't afford not to take.
All I see is legs and breasts .
Fried cheese with club sauce.
Popcorn shrimp with club sauce.
Chicken fingers with spicy club sauce.
But relly this140 chrcter limit is tight!
I wanna fuck it!
But Twitter thinks its 2 classy 4 me...
meanwhile I have 2 talk lik a cheap whore
I made a work twitter page!
Follow me for school and community gardening and nutrition education tweets :
Additional Information top B file opened: 12/10/2010 Business started: 12/10/2009 Complaints 3400 Primary Contact: Jack Dorsey

Didn't make it to the show.
Hung out with fam and friends around LA.
Thanks and good lookin out!
Hope it was a good show!
I do kinda like the mom though...
I want to sit by a fucking lake!!
the Jerk is a classic.
40 Year Old Virgin is great, too.
Best movie ever, however, is Midnight Run.
You can't chase these hoes nor MAKE them act right.
Hoes will b hoes, Can't blame em
I just decided my last book display of the year will be disasterthemed.
Hopefully this is not an omen.
what??
New Order are coming?
Why was I not informed?
Say no more / be silent / I hear your every thought
Don't miss legendary Sade  Scope in 10 days!
Tickets on sale  LiveNation.com, Ticketmaster outlets or call 8007453000.
RT if you speak english,love justin bieber,live in the USA
Nice.
He's a very good coach  teacher.
Soak it up!
lol I just laughed out loud cuz I picture thibault.
He's so like indifferent.
He's so funny
So is mine!
We can control them haha
I wonder what Jason Voorhees' choice of doctornk is...even a villain has to enjoy a relaxing cocktail every now and then!
two reasons?
What are they!?
defiantly not looking forward to my geometry and english eoi...
Looking for a startup to help me manage frequent flier and hotel rewards programs w/ app  dashboard.
I just realized I never answered your last question!
Sorry!
Yes, it's a bit overwhelming...but it's also super exciting  fun!
woah woah what an unforgettable night.
Just saw an emo grandma hahahaha
Sorority mtg.
AKAs do the pretty girl rock!
Coffee at 7:30PM to combat jetlag either my smartest move today, or my dumbest...
If I'm tweeting at 2AM, you'll know which!
Well, you all do look excited about it.
the RC8 lineup is almost locked, here's who's in: ,
I missed you too 3 I would have rather been in that jail cell then home sick.
right we could have died!!
Yea let's do something on the last day of school.
Something really really cool.
And all of 8a.
...
Your generosity is almost unparalleled.
Ryan about Selena Gomez
I think many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
No problem!
Appreciated the insight.
TSOINY is catching BRIGHT EYES/WILD FLAG/SUPERCHUNK 2nite at RadioCity.
Cool Bill at Great Venue.
The movie went very well today.
Everyone enjoyed my juggling.
Wheres that Mary Jane ???
;
we've pushed back the Sizzle class to June.
We've seen some hesitation.
Isn't cooking  doctornking better than speed dating?
Thoughts.
Welcome to all my new followers.
As soon as I can follow more people I will follow you back!
Enjoy Thoughts of a Mistress
Hey Dallas!
We're still keeping the ship going.
Some exciting stuff later this summer at DPL!
Thank you for the gift this a.m., Very sweet of you!
EITHER LUV ME OR LEAVE ME ALONE
I cant wait until next time
pushing green jobs and clean energy in casots.
I Like.
Too bad Sanders' SDSOC did not share that vision...
Sand vollyeball tonight at 630.
not a real game, just playing for fun.
let me know if u want to join!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is that the one you were looking at last week?
Goin to sleep, then have to be in lubbock by 2:30pm..heavy sigh
thank you to every1 who tuned in, and thank you to everyone who donated!
Thank u from the bottom of our 3's!
how can you tell if an aquarius likes you?
my affinity for doctorfting Lions has been my downfall lol.
I have made the playoffs every year!
Shows that start at 10 on weeknights...cruel.
I'm old.
im having a bad day3 please cheer me up333 :
Really ready to get back in town friday
Q1.
What's YOUR favorite mode of travel transportation?
sigh cry die :'
It doesn't NOT smell like feet in here.
idt anyone will but ok
DepressingSitcoms two  a half men
PicassoQA Did he ever admit to one greatest muse out of his many lovers?
It was hot offline before it got online a couple of months ago, there are more than 1 version of this song 1,000 views lol
everytime I watch its inspirational
Googling symptoms of pneumonia instead of running to WebMD is the difference between being normal and a hypochondoctorac.
It's a game of runs.
Hope CLIPPERS can RUN the stuff out of Memphis tomorrow!!!
Bad btches like me is hard to come by...
that's cool but I can't tomorrow..
U left Ola??
Lol
Where is everybody?
Is everybody studying like I am or has everyone disappeared?
Can't wait to pour gallons upon gallons of Starbucks down my throat !
Jacob just shut up
I mean I'm happy for the boyz, but still...
not the same without vinny :
Thanks for the retweet!
Congrats  you're going to Sat May 12!
Our reps will be in touch via PM :
Chad is having a going away thing at Blackbird on Monday night.
You should come!
how do u wear ur hair on a rainy day...
u dont.
most likely I'm going in my stash of hair pieces n my jam.
we should be ok 4tomorrow :
much like the dirty hippies of Widespread, I could use you and a machete to clear out some of this riff raff.
Cinco de Mayo is to St.
Patrick's Day and Mardi Gras as Hanukkah is to Christmas.
Three months from yesterday first Packers preseason game.
Awesome, wonder if I'll be able to catch it in Honduras?
It is on
RejectedFuneralHomeNames Monday Monday
Of the snow angels or the boys??
Short Love Quotes including LIGHT:
it crashes on launch :
Thanks, curious about the use, in restaurant biz cross contamination is talking about bacteria, but different elsewhere
that's ironic.
I hate waking up early .'
Working on an Ace Frehley wig  putting the finishing touches on it right now.
I love emmypooo
I am so sorry to hear of your injury.
I'm praying for you.
many thanks!!
Loving might be a mistake but its worth making.
We agreeand running gear is stupid.
Just jabbin  you.
My REAL interests are much more fascinating.
I have seen some strange stuff come out of computers that should have NEVER been there
Awesome Andy!!
Good luck Buddy...great cause!!
nice blog  who did the layout?
That is the absolute worst thing  and I've photographed a lot of track.
Thanks for following ,  !
1 RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
Lara got buffalo hot sauce in her eye
We always keep your place tidy
srsly what does it say though
Bout to go cook!!!
Upset have to cook now,,,,,, ugh cowboys
had bluetooth headphones for 25, but just look too dorky
.
You're always livin' on the ragged edge of adventure, Wild Nick.
Lactic workout this weekend..9am  LMU
Thanks!
tick tock  CUBS  RT 3 more days until opening day.
Actually, 2 days, 23 hours, and 9 minutes, to be exact.
Lis knows I did that to someone I thought was better than that.
Block hand strong.
Not feeling so good...
Kidoctoruhl is Amazing uh no
All my friends who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
Not leaving your house because of snow hate.
how's the training coming along?
Headed out for 10 here in NOLA.
Highs upper 50s today.
You got your snow shoes up there?
just singing along to IfIDieYoung while recording my mate singing it then watching it back realising u can hear me not good
You too
just kinda waking up
u ever met a chick dat smelled like horse ankles
i loved it :
hey u gone stop trynna play my momma real talk lol
Yeah.
Stupid people...
you are all so quick.
for sure.
GO GIANTS!!!
they have dual flush conversion kits for 20 that work on front flushers.
Should have consulted a musician.
You guys know.
ya buddy!
Ivanka Trumps teeth: real or fake?
Headed out to grab some bud.
Anyone need anyting?
peopleiveseenlive augustana, austin gibbs, carter hulsey, hey monday, cartel, versaemerge, boys like girls, the cab, we are the in crowd
im right here!!
it's okay baby!
Just means you're tired!
:D
Enjoyed both stories, and the humility : : I am rhythmless and proud of it!

put wig on n act like it never was..
the fucking up that is..
and that's because it really never was
good!
Did you get my mockups?
RIP Whitney...we will all remember your beautiful voice.....
Will definitely take one shortly.
Raven wasn't that bad!
Starting a new schedule tomorrow allowing for more am activity!
Now if we could kick this cold!
back on our beauty school grinds tomorrow!!
can't believe ur leaving me for a whole week thou :
Located in Miami Gardens
discussing the nexus of creativity innovation and imagination
bill nye the science guy is from Seattle
oh yea.
happy to see Spanish companies in the Show Daily of :  resol!
My friends told me that I need to be more mean but I dont really like to be mean so im refusing at the moment my personality makes me,me :p
Can't win games if u have turnovers Bronocs gotta come out in the second half and kill these bastards
To be quite honest, this tears me up.
Tomorrow is Wednesday the 4th!
My favorite day and number!
One more week!
NBA playoffs!
we all love the mums of One Direction:
we had a nice rainbow down south!
allthewaytourmemories Dancing on stage twice!
:D
yes way c;  that's cool, my cousin is from there.
have you ever seen Austin?
Don't be bummed!
will be performing through April 1.
It's not too late to get judged!
Mir is getting wrecked
Gym flow early.
GM 
Thanks for the shout out, Mike!
Think Melvin J.
Collier, awardee looks familiar?
Was 1 of experts consulted for Spike Lee episode of 'Who do you think you are?'
weather I know or not that still doesn't render the curse of the SNICKS losing streaks every year....period.
lol me too i pick the Celtics to win tonight lol.
But i want to see Jennings play better then what he did last game
u never invite me anywhere either
I love this chicks ass
YouWasSexyUntil I found out you slept with every wanna be in Orlando.
so whats the plan ladies
Highlight of the day: showing an elderly woman how to take out library ebooks for her Kindle before she and her husband flew back to NY.
thank you.
The NYC Expanded Success Initiative aims to improve the college and career readiness of young men of color.
LOL I was like somebody is missing in this game lol : im sayin right!
disappeared into thin air
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination.
Christopher Isherwood
I feel like if you've got a huge rapper chain  ya not a famous rapper, YouAdoctorgDealer lol
Me and old sis playing zombies on blk ops
Have you printed any tshirts for SuperBowl Sunday?
: I too checked LOC flikr account  was impressed!
I wonder if any institutions struggle with inappropriate commenting?
your music is the REALEST shit past  present future.

just checked out your blog.
Love the photos.
You've done some great work.
kinda weird.
:/
What's more great than online school B
I think so
My poor bby wish I was home
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 27
Dude, Clippy is SKETCHY.
The way he waggles his eyebrows really sleeves me out.
I could see him slipping doctorgs in your docs.
you have to finish your broccoli if you want a cup cake.
I can't believe I just said that.
happy birthday!
I can't believe ur already 16..
It seems like yesterday I fell for a 14 year old boy..
And now he's 16 
saw a tweet about a guy's mom making scrapplemac.
Isn't America wonderful?!
Monique, I'm there too  glad to be up to 1 wk, but it's not always same day.
We should have our next samples within a week!
Thanks; planning to use the idea in my RBS course.
We should compare notes.
Making a workbook now.
Let's meet up in Cville.
where u at?
With record high jackpots, I wonder how many have caught lottery fever?!
Destination weddings cost less on average because they tend to have fewer guests, which means fewer dinners and doctornks to cover.
So true Wendy your never to old
Awe shiii' I hate thunder storms.
Great advice!!!
Thanks for posting this.
Is there anything worse or more uncomfortable than a pair of Apple iPhone earbuds?
Amazon just got my order bc of the poor customer service at BarnesandNoble CoralSprings my 6 yo said she never wants to go there again.
I love texting people and not getting responses.
: I feel ignored.
haha working overtime for a time piece
youtube me!!!
juliusvevo
oh ..well do u have a computer ?
:
ONE MORE GAME!
: Get your taxes done right the first time with  Thanks for the endorsement and kind words.
This movie sucks...
If you want to reach a state of bliss, then go beyond your ego and the internal dialogue.
But margarita for me.
you're sweet.
3
I wonder if a thought unhindered continues forever like sound unimpeded by obstacles...
my knee cap isn't attached correctly to the part it's supposed to be connected to.
Wbu.?
New video is encoding.
It is a 1 minute updates video.
Watching High School Musical and doctornking chocolate milk:
Hit my theme music!!
Already been up for 2 hours.
Those people who want to close libraries have clearly never seen the excited look a kid gets when the book s/he wants is in stock.
How you boutta go from me to her..
downgrade baby, I ain't the only one laughin at you
I agree!!
O he just played Olivia!
Give me liberty or give me an own goal me, being a bad comic, just now
I want another tat
The Half Monty
'Why are we laughing, guys they're in love' !
shitfangirlssay he signed your shoes?
He signed my face.
Heady moon tonight bros an broettes
is the number 1 selling Fathead
Saturday should be a great day for Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie.
As soon we get great news, we'll let you know!!
how ridiculous would it be to get something that you've doctorwn tattooed.
I'm thinkin bout it.
I really wanna post a cover to my YouTube.
What are your favorite songs that are out right now?
I'd love some suggestions :
Prepping for today's focus group!
Thank you to everyone that signed up.
Check back here for upcoming events.
lol umm..
Idk.
I haven't been on twitter.
And I HIGHLY doubt that's true!!
He would never do that.
Kyle Singler is quickly approaching JJ Reddick as my most hated BB player of all time.
told you she'd know you were cheating
I was having a horrible day, I mean HORRIBLE!
until I found out Tyler Posey followed me.
I know it's just a follow but that made my day....
i need to go to Bora Bora!
somebody take me please?
:
Original HP ink cartridges print up to two times the pages than other cartridges.
Grammar is dead.
Long live grammar.
The Blacker the Berry the Sweeter the Juice haha
Squinty sun through the blinds.
Shannon Sharpe's voice booming.
The regulars bellied up.
Sunday morn at The Stadium Inn.
Sleepover with Alexis c:
I may encourage more terrorist attacks but o well.
all great but where is bloom's for the 21rst century?
ur missing creating, understanding and remembering
what's the link to the video?
why are you an egg?
You should get a real pic like
Belgium Part Two: A Gastronomical Delight...
Eat, doctornk, And Be Merry: The attractions are endless in this tiny country as it is home...
thanks for reminding about ISS awesome view
It makes me ill whenever anyone talks favorably about frictionless sharing apps.
I cringe when hearing self serving statistics.
Kentucky is hands down the better team here
Will there be candy?
i can't because its cut.
And sweaty.
And its college apparel day.
RT : Happy new years everyone :
It's like takethemoneyandoctorn...do we really have to tell those idiots to shut the F up and run?
LOLL OMG ON TUMBLR I LITERALLY JUST THOUGHT A GIF OF JUSTIN BIEBER WAS ZAYN AT FIRST GLANCE.
Lol hows your workout been going RT : : Leaving the gym had great workout this morning that's what's up!
can't wait to see you here in DC for wpgc's 25th anniversary
: Umm, has turned into the girl version of Scott stapp  
When you've reached the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.American proverb, source unknown
Feels like a great day for a NEW website.
Ready, set, GO!!!
www.teachwithafrica.org
Its no big deal.
You know what it is.
This game is gunna be awesome....Warner vs Eli...shootout written all over it.
Today shall henceforth be known as MayDay in Brewers lore.
: UW shoots 32 percent, had a seasonhigh 12 turnovers, made a seasonlow five 3pointers, gets outrebounded 4432.
Follow us on Twitter!
no problem, we would gladly appreciate if u follow us back
followed you love :
yep i loved that show lol so now i know u are as old as me lol
LOOL I should!
:
In contrast, in Austria they take ur license away on ur 1st DUI.
There is zero chance of it even among youth  the stakes r 2 high.
yeah watched first 23  liking it  tx for reco!
13 years of waiting for THIS day.
Graduation.
Seems like yesterday we were all in Longfellow standing in line for the bathroom!
I can't wait either!
I'm gonna be voting like crazy for you!
I'm hungry ..
6th of December...
Learn Why the Innocent Die Young...
you shulda just said you were shuffling with jesus :
Do you have photos from EdCom Marketplace of Ideas, esp of my SciCafe poster?
I saw you taking some  would love to share w/ others.
Words hurt.
Realize it before you start throwing them around like it doesn't matter.
TIME TO TREND ABOUT MINNT GUOSE LET'S GO
like you do ?
lmao
You got me saying Hello Hello , Hello , Hello Let me get that info Show you what I mean
Can't wait to see everyone again at
Smiling doesn't mean that 'Im happy.
Laughing doesnt mean I don't cry.
loving you doesn't mean I'll wait for you for the rest of my life.
I did it along time ago but can't remember how I did.
I think it is in settings to block it.
She Looks Just Like Me.
I have seriously been glued to my phone al day!!
I had to charge my phone three times
Tweet for the USA Bid for the 2018 or 2022 World Cup .
gives FIFA their bid to host World Cup.
goUSAbid PLS RT
me!!!!!
33 and I forgot the date but in Gainsville Florida!!!
Home of the Gators!!
33 hahaha
45 min wait for the Y5 bus..
NO FRIGGIN EXCUSE METRO!
Get your damn act together!
Protect our care!
The Dead isn't really the most action doctorven movie, but it has some pretty sad points to it.
The manuscript for Book Two has finally been proofed!
confetti
yup, someone missed the lecture on real vs.
online activism
I see you Caps!
Gus is out of control.
NO SALE FOR U
errthing better pussy prolly tight  all lol.
She ain't been ran threw either
Lectured this morning...
In Vegas!!
Vdara is very low key but mandarin Oriental is still my fave!!
I'm sitting watching Gladiator for the fiftyith time on my birthday.
A happy birthday wish would be very cool.
Thank you 
Working Tech support gets on my nerves.
Hope this project progresses next week 
I'm pretty sure that our common interests are getting kind of creepy!
Now Felicity????
Soul sisters I tell ya!!!!
No, you're not the only woman that hates clothes shopping.
I feel your pain...
I think you forgot some things...
Good work surviving the rapture folks.
Reward yourselves with a Breakfast Burrito and a Bloody Mary for just 10 bucks until 3.
We raised 580 through to buy new coats for our kids!
Thanks to all of you, they'll be warm and toasty all winter!
the username, i just wanna read it
Peter Konz still on the board...
Shoulda stayed in school another year like
Awesome to see Shabazz Muhammad choose UCLA.
Now let's see Nerlens Noel choose Syracuse!!
what jobs have Newt created?
Wish could Executive Produce my LP...
sigh lol
Triple axels and shit.
Ice skating with

well said.
NCBS Clothing line.
Coming out when I get my lazy self up and talk to these people, lol.
Hopefully by August.
: I am just messing wit you big bro I know////I KNO LMAO
Everything in moderation.
At least you stopped at five.
Shut Up and Play the Hits and interesting counterpoint to Abramovic's The Artist is Present.
The desert and oasis of ego.
Not even a retweet or simple tweet smh
So glad more stores are embracing more of the contemporary look.
I LUV IT!!!
please fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort joy to holidayhash, and you could have 100 donated to a charity of choice.
Politics may be broke but society moves on.
David Brooks,speaking about dysfunction in Washington
Right!!
I be like 'Bitch why the fuck did you unfollow me?!
Smdh
I HATE Monday's more than any other day of the week.
Just doctornk 3 heinekens in 10 minutes and I'm not doctornk.
I'm getting old
Just speaking the truth, girl.;
Web launch is not the end.
It is the beginning
Whoa We just saw an animagaee finger
yes....yes she does.
Why do they always use a deep voice before a show to say viewer discretion is advised
frozen carrots excellent for babies.
Pretty sure I have the Flu.
:
At your next networking event, stand apart from everyone in the room by simply introducing yourself and asking who do you need to meet?
apparently 90 of our bodies are composed of microorganisms.
Made the softball team!
sad song
You know my name, not my story.
Now Following
A relationship wit money!
an elegant way to work Harden into the starting lineup.
what are we gonna do?
is that what she means?
RT : meow means now, not when you get around to it.
Do you remember the title?
TELL ME WHAT THEY SAID!!!!!!!!!
TEXT IT PLEASE!!!!!:D i cant wait.
its so fkn simple but yu rather make it hard
The coolest chocolate truffle in the city may just be our incredible lime curd filled version, available by the piece or by the pound.
: .
Although I fired him on CelebApprentice.
DT: usually youre so good with the spoiler alert.
Why set the DVR now?
Everything is more fun to read when you imagine it in George Takei's voice.
haha love it
Looks like today will be including a Target run, as I just used up the last of the coffee in the house.
PUT CROSBY to SLEEP
Nice move there Harrington
Life with rain is good.
Hello stormy weather.
If my next movie bomb I hope my smokin hot wife yells Brian can't Fn act everybody's roles for them!
to a Giant's fan...
Accepting bball season is over...
countdown to fball begins.
Can't wait to see on the field!
gonna run the show!
Who is here tonight?
I know, right?
From OWS official site re May1: Occupy Wall Street After party 8pm, Wall Street area, details forthcoming Hope to see Paris Hilton or Lilo.
You have so much talent, girl!
You're going to go far with your talent too, forsure!
Congrats on getting so far!
Don't miss our Hospitality Party on SUNDAY 8pmidnight FREE Food  doctorNKS!
Lingerie Theme!
Oh Yeah!
oh okay than she can doctorve
Apparently the virgin Mary rides in the back of a ford f150.
Tetanus Shurikens.
Or anything horrible, on shurikens.
Thank you!
They're pretty fancy!
Almost 900 followers thnx so much u guys.
I'll giv my 900th follower a S/O
The weather is absolutely beautiful here in STL.
Happy Labor Day everyone!
I love Adele!
I love her short hair!
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out RT 8
2 down on our BBQ bus tour leaving headin' towards Taylor.
RT if you
Data visualization can include scatterplots of baseball pitchers' pitches
Of course, Mifflin Street is out of UW's legal jurisdiction so mostly the policing comes from dontgo videos.
Looking for work in my sleep
Super crunch time at Tenant Resource Center .
.
.
trying not to be a perfectionist .
.
.
so .
.
.hard .
.
.
I need two more weeks!
Parents bad grades don't always mean no effort.
and punishing a kid for getting bad grades doesn't make them smart.
Thyme fries!
says the cashier repeatedly to a confused man who, I'm sure, is thinking she's saying time flies.
Hi back, Desiree!
Sorry I missed the conference.
It sounded great and would have been fun to meet!
That awlward moment when you realize you were staring at someone's butt...and then you realize somone else saw you staring...
;
TilIDieRT : fairweather RT I love to golf, but the prospect of golfing when it's 90 kills my golf boner
I really wish I could get through an episode of SYTTD without crying like a baby.
Happy birthday to Mike  one of the coolest and smartest guys I know!
Never been first one on a news report, so it's obviously a bit scary.
However, I'm confident in this source that says Jackson is extended.
Looking to buy a home?
Let The Oertel Group educate you on what it means to buy a home in a distressed market www.TheOertelGroup.com
What did you think?
RT : I'm downtown  the Art  Soul festival in The Artsgarden.
Shoutout to the Arts Council of Indianapolis.
lol I know
Really?
That actually happens?
News flash!
Vikings stadium final version passes full House!
mnleg Vikes Vikings Last hurdle is MN Senate!
Chinatown for dinner.
My partner in crime wants to go to Joyee's.
Should I dissuade her with something better?
when I'm done with book, should I try for a large publisher or self publish?
can u plz shoutout me plz i need some followers please
new website is up!
way to get after Sheen!
ha ha
Jimmy Carter: With modern technology one person can reach many w/ message for peace that is very powerful for students
Kohr39;s custard coming to North Jersey
Maybe I should stop subtweeting and start doing my paper...
Happy Birthday Love Love Love U!!!
:
No one is actually gonna do this MentionYourCrush shiz
What do your competitors' documents look and read like?
Make yours better with ScribeModerne!
Totally agree with you....I am beyond perplexed by Xtina's choice, same with her getting rid of Jesse Campbell
Life goes up and down but as long as I have him i know i will survive
it doctorps june 1st :
A lot.
Charity Poker Tournament Richmond Va, April 7th would love to have you attend.
Benefit Lupus Foundation of America.
Thanks  hope it gets back up soon!
Trying to work on a story :
Followed back : Sorry it took so long.
is it weird to say that you make 19 million beliebers feel like you want them?
Because I feel like you know me...;
Playin' the dozens goose styleYo' mama's so fat, she was asked to buzz the Bears' game.
My sister came up with that!
The Mariners just look lost at the plate..
I've pulled the trigger.
Got the DBA set up  all systems go for April 5th.
We must set ourselves up to attract success.
Thats the Secret
ha thanks bro ipad is tight as fukkkk
i mean what kind of fag wouldn't get that?
Love this  TRUST  Confidence  Competent  Consistency via
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Chocolate chip cookies.
need a blunt n im bout to get 1
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great day.
File exporting...
interesting.
Are you a user?
Perfect for me while at the NASCAR track:
oh ok.
I miss you!!
You know your show needs money when screening calls is done by letting the answering machine take them first.
Celebrate National PoetryMonth!
Share your students poetry with us!
:
it didnt work :
I'm eager to learn about rethinking 's website in the 12NTCredesign seasion with and at
sounds frightening
Two days till the biggest karaoke contest in denver.
Have you signed up??
Over 800 in prizes
New twitter name....surprised this one hasnt been taken yet.
lol oh well.
goodnite twitter
These past 2 weeks have been surreal.
What a weekend for the stoopkids thestoop Doing big things
Chaos always precedes creation or recreation, and you just have to live into the chaos.
Another thing I wish weren't true.
Teach them how to fish!
RT T4: How can hospitals engage with patients who do not participate in social media?
thanks, dear.
Happy to have finally made it this far!
: hi how are you?
Got my tux and happy as can be!
Roomies stalker is watching PLL with us
Can we cut back to the dog from 'The Artist'?
My friend just said he would rather lose his donger than one of his eyes...
it's a crazy world.
you're welcome from both of us.
Midnight in Paris...ah, Paris...I'm in love with u again.
Woody...u killed it.
I hate him because he shot my beagle ...and ate him...: I loved Ted Nugent when I was 14, now, not so much.
I don't know why.
can say  i need a job!!
well I never really got to follow through CAUSE SOMEBODY STILL HASN'T BOUGHT HER FUCKING BENTO BOX!
not waiting for u anymore!
Happy Easter every1!!
Spend this time with your family  friends!!!
very cool!
At for discussion re increasing exports w/ former Chicago Mayor Daley, SD Mayor Sanders Tijuana Mayor Bustamante global cities
cool i like that name :
Thanks!
It'll be grand to retrace Hannah's footsteps!
I like the play on words!
Happy birthday to our fabulous !
We couldn't do it without you 
so i had to call our work help desk today that's in MN and she asked what part of the south im from...howd she know
I'm sure your 598 Twitter followers and 12 regular blogreaders will rush right over.
Got hair?
Launching this afternoon : are you ready for us?
www.cultuschichi.us
Good for you : Being a natural giver, one also has to learn how to accept receiving...
Both the Intangible  Tangible :
phone going off until tomorrow if u need me dm please I am always here
uhh I think Rihanna!
What phone are you carrying these days?
VA: it is not only about money, it is about systems and data.
Some credit to SuperBowl?
RT AB: Bud Light Platinum is most successful launch in US alcohol industry since '05
Great to mee...I mean see you last night.
: Let's catch up again soon.
Doing vocal exercises are just as tough as regular exercises, I've worked up a sweat!!
But I am so NOT pretty
.......
SPEECHSPEECHSPEECHSPEECH!
I'm a little excitable ;
huge congratulations!!!
live your icon Dev!:
An optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty Winston Churchill SLA Thinking Strategically
Impossible is not a word.
It's just an excuse for those who are not willing to try.
Happy bday dude!
U and r my fav Blazers!
Hope to see you on the court more!
Starting to feel more and more of the change of season!
Is it just me or is time just flying lately?
Aw shucks.
nice man!
Lol, my own body hates itself.
Can help guitar teachers?
A great many people think they are thinking when they are acutally rearranging their prejudices.
William James
Tried Cafe Mango on Jefferson  17th today, pretty cool menu, espresso styles, and free Wifi.
Check it out.
I do the same thing for unused cards!
Yet somehow, they hardly ever get used.
0009 I enjoy reading your tweets!!
: and I saw that your in the hospital?!
Get well soon :
I understand the nervousness, it's normal  will keep you sharp!
Just remember your training, you're ready for this!!
Hopefully my eye get better...been lookin at some of yall ugly fuxkz tuh long
The first cool day of the season in Vegas...
I'll take it w/o a complaint.
!!!!!!
I found their first CD the other day and have been freaking out with love for it.
They're the best!
Life goes on
be in Portland tomorrow.
My pleasure!!
Big love to all of you guys!
TeamBluey :
lol, thank you thank you.
One day, one day!
Cant believe ingram is still availible, move up dabears!!!!
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.
There are many people who will be standing between you and what you want.
Don't let yourself be one of those people.
I don't love you no more nowww
Come on heat cant let them beat yall
Just RT'd and got it on iTunes!
We love you!
And your song makes us wanna dance the night away!
you are pathetic.
can't stand hearing the truth
couldn't cause you never called me back
I should've invested in knee pads for volleyball...
I always try to go to lunch right before I start confusing LogiXML with other L words.
Well look who it is : Welcome to twitter fellow Canes alum.
Watching Walking Tall and your a pretty darn good actor misterKnoxville great job!
probably leaving Friday night
I used QR codes, plugged the content into wikitude during the event on thursday at Heritage Square
Boarding, headed back to Atlanta.
Hell yea
: delocated's season finale was nothing short of epic but Wang Cho was my favorite charecter :/ Season4 so is Jon dead?
I grew up with a mother that taught me to believe in me!
What's our study room?
Sleep or recording?
Recording, of course.
I can sleep when I'm dead.
I wonder what assets the navyseal team took from the OBL compound?
Laptops?
Journals?
Cell phones?
Some folks scrambling now.
Great to meet, finally :, Jim Bak of
Hey , thanks for the follow.
I'm texas trill Texas trill norf side nigga I keeps it real teamaap
Thank You for following the Pancreatic Action Netwrok Milwaukee Affiliate!
.
ring us or check your email so we can do our best to get your team registered!
People yelling in the morning 
Happy Thanksgiving!
Looking forward to doing some more stuff in the future with you guys.
I am on the tomorrow, please retweet.
...others that experience at 15!
If you can't take the heat, don't tickle the doctorgon.
Scott Fahlman
UGH DON'T TAKE MY FOOD
this is not a punk sport.
Roger stop treating football as if you are dealing with kids.
Taking over on another show today.
I feel like Mariano Rivera.
RT : and you can bet to see some changes, from here forward ....
Gonna be up all night cleaning before my moms arrival, fuck
: grads got McDonnell as their speaker, and got Eric Holder?
LMAO.
Agree!
U said what's on my mind.
Thanks!
lol you know what it is
They wanna go fishinguse me as the pole...am i that little?
Lmfao :P
ecet2 just learned about ECET2 followup presentation happening in Memphis nxt week.
Nice job!
Way b4 4/16 :
The fact that I just landed an interview with the mini god of shoe design at the end of this month is priceless.
To God be the glory!
the muscles in my jaw tightening Yes.
Did she say anything?
I wish these niggas at work keep it on some 8hr shit if I don't fuck wit u outside work u ain't my man
Slightly concerned for Node.js after day one of Node Summit.
Not nearly as exciting as Node Day  OSCon 2011.
COMPLETELY unacceptable for a woman's feet to smell like open ass.
Part of me wants to see that snow white movie.
wow what a great opportunity
Audience member threw 5 bucks at me while I was on stage
time for a lil BBQ
happy birthday to you

my request pending..
lol.
Thanks.
Cheers to u
Penguins do this!
don't get a hairrrcuuttt!!!
Worst mistake EVER!
:p
How u rep urself is what ppl respect u for or hate u for.
Either way be u.
that is a really cute movie!
angrybirds get to make the best noises
Pete Wentz is at The Rock tonight.
Hmm maybe I'll go after the show and have him autograph my Fall Out Boy stuff.
If I die before I wake,I pray the lord my soul to take
And then the servers went down.
Apparently something silly happened like 30,000 going to REDUSER at once.
Carl Malamud: The knowledge lobby should be more powerful than the gun lobby
just sent him a friend request Cheers!
Glad you took time off!
Heart goes out to you about Honeybear and glad your family is ok.
Great intro to the new episode.
While this is true, he's forgetting the whole make money part!
Oh boy!
Working on some product development today, did someone say cute blouses??
Woo!
heheheheh I have my ways 3
so confused abt the crystals
Let's work together to stop suicide in our communities
it's just tht u look a lot diff.
In this pic then the other!
My biggest takeaway from the class was the use of listening tools  qualitative/quantitative analytic tools like Netbase
It's a beautiful time to close out The Shadow Box.
So blessed to have been part of this project.
Two more performances to go...
Yes ma'am he did
Patience is a key element of success.
Bill Gates
got off work, tore up some Dorito Locos with my friend.
I'd say it was an overall good day 
We done did it again boyzz...
Fuckedd up tha nite but too bad rowdy went to jail!!!!!!!!!!
doctor Stout Old Scratch American Pale red union jack Ozzy
make ball go far.
I bet him and Ron got some good coke during that rain delay, helping the cause doctormatically.
No ugly hoes at this school
Maroon Tigers turn the ball over with 4 second left and a chance to win the game.
Score: Paine 61, Morehouse 60
Jennifer Hudson Hits Up Six Flags the Day After Verdict: Less than 24 hours after William Balfour was found guilty of murdering her m...
Stop talking about the free market.
Cave men participated in the free market and all they did was murder each other all day.
I'm guessing 4/20 and the Copenhagen Starvation Diet don't go well together.
GOD is great, beer is good, and people are crazy
Why do the Suns foul down 3 w/ 53 seconds left?
No need to send them to the line there.
Play defense.
Why!
: Blazers interim general manager Chad Buchanan confirms Portland has signed Kurt Thomas for two seasons
Happy mothers day to all the women who raised me and the women who raised those women
RT Just finished a great interview on .
Listen in February featured  30 times!
happy birthday
Okay.
Sounds good to me.:
LOL !!
That makes sense though.
Here's a fun fashion tip ladies: Not only do Cubs shirts clash with everything, they also make you look less attractive
FF just fucking do it!D:
Glad I'm not in 17 degree weather.
I knew there was something good about LA!
I'm actually a pretty awesome girlfriend.
bestest friend I love you to prices haha i know I spelt it wrongI ment to
Katherine Boo was a reliably ridiculous spectacle to the slumdwellers she chronicled, with concerns more pressing than my presence.
I don't follow hockey, but it seems to me, whoever wins the Kings/Coyotes series will be the Stanley Cup champs..
c'mon son
Ooh!
Delicious Root Beer delivery, courtesy !
Thanks, guys!
Utah what is going on tonight?
Tis the season for a new professorle pic.
Want to be clear about my politics.
My report card the exact same
ifyouknowmeyouknow how much I love my husband
Don't speak to me if you're gonna be irritating!!!!!!!!
:
We buy junk cars!
Dollars for Junk Cars will give you cash for junk cars in Atlanta.
Just here what some of your happy customers have...
RT : don't pretend like you actually care
Diffrint from NBA da coach pay ya agent n your stuff ...
A Separation Very moving film.
GOTTA GO PEOPLE NYC HERE I COME GOING TO SIT IN SOME TRAFFIC GRIPEABOUTIT.COM GO THERE.
why you say that
Yay!
I'll be in touch.
It's almost Spring Break!!!
Woo Vegas on Monday!!!
I never get an answer on this.
If u see educated ppl in ur community..
he didn't even deserve that win, it was 12 rounds with no knockouts he won off points like come on
Love the brownies till i die but when will the year be when were not excited for the doctorft
Ill Never Compete To That Because I Dont Compete.
follow back?
Fuck feelings  people just the same.
Great to see you back today.
All the best to you and your family.
How is everyone handling the snow this morning?
Stay safe!
TRAFFIC: WB I90 near Stoughton  vehicle with trailer spun out  pointing the wrong direction, on the shoulder
I think Baylors strategy is to blind kubball with their uni's.
Jodi Sperling: there are no boundaries in Jewish education  we want ppl engaged Jewishly
that's what we're doing.
Not sure there's much else to do aside from try and acclimate.
watching the closer
I'm so glad...love her and J
lmao I meant mexican food
you here for Derby?
Just won Best Action Sequence Baby!!!!
Yeah!!!!
ActionOnFilm festival !!!
Will this year's attendance be over or under last year's?
Did u like Philly I lived there for half my life
I did 85 travel time back in the '80's.
Near the end of my career I could be asleep before push back  wake on the touchdown
friday ADD kicks in ...
my DC trending topics haiku: YourFaceMakesMe say / getoutmybedoctorom stupak / red line to rockville
thanks guys!
A chocolate straw sounds so good right now
As Cindi Lauper sang, Girls just wanna have fun...
You don't have to wait for that  you can be a blessing to others right now.
There's always someone you can shine upon!
Wishing all you Moms a very Happy Mothers Day and great photos!
Cookies and Apple Juice
Yuck!
I'll stick with my ground venison chili!
2lbs ground venison, onion, tomato, garlic, olive oil, etc.
YUM!
If I mean so much to you, why do you keep pushing me away.
The whole nation would have been doctornk of their asses all week if we start that game last week.
You can celebrate and improve these movies but prduce.
The money is in creating Mad Men not watching it.
well they r working quick then so a plus for u
Thanks for following!
Miami takes the scrappy Dallas Mavericks in 6 games...
why do these commentators keep calling you a boy?
Last I checked you were the Champ, who supports his two kids and wife.
are you at soslam?
I'm a GU SCS grad.
Interesting...
Thanks for the link.
WPBT PBS Miami cut Mahler's 2nd symphony in midnote for ads  MI5 What's up with that?
legends Chipper with walkoff vs the phillies
Hope everyone in DC is enjoying the great weather this weekend!
I'm watching The Darwin Awards and I think I might be slightly hematophobic.
Had a great positive day!!
: Thanking God every step of the way.
I vote for not having any of the food folk I follow ask me to vote for anything anymore.
Mahalo for the follow!
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it
Time to move on and not waste our precious lives to flatter those who betray us, no matter how amazing it may feel at the time.
Have one for me!
TONIGHT is movie night on the patio in MKE.
8:30pm  Fight Club, 2.50 Lakefront  select Import Bottles  free kettle corn!
Me n currently sharing
how do u make a bad girl good
Even tho we always arguing and fighting ima always have love for my brothers and sisters :
Excluding women from testifying at congressional hearing RE contraception is also about controlling women's sex  reproductive lives
if i lay here, would you lie with me?
you have a good weekend!?
NO point to even going to the hotel....there are so many annoying fans now
I'd be tweeting more, but it's better to actually meet people in person!
yes!
What would be your route!
I TRIPLE DOG DARE YOU!!!
Has there been a bigger game all year?
Go caps!
I cried when I sat on my balls just now.
There ain't no reason you and me should be alone!!
Wow.
Photoshop is turning 20 years old.
I have been with the little guy for 19 of those.
I am so proud, and so old.
Dinner Special is on!
You ready for this...
How's codeacademy coming along?
Ready for a new week?
Harvey Fineberg claims we have more bacteria than we have cells in our body.
What does this mean for who we are and how we define ourselves?
Hello y'all
All fast foods overseas, serve better quality of food then we get in the USA.
The Decor is even a higher stander.
yeah...
when did Human Resources become not bad enough?
Don't forget to attend our next event on 8/27, Master the Art of Networking with Dave Sherman, professorssional speaker  best selling author.
The brain is strained  building out the first doctorft of the agenda.
All the topic suggestions are so fantastic, it's hard to get it all in.
Come in and check out our Fiats!
We are offering 0 financing or 500 cash allowance!
looking foward to the feature going live in 12 minutes, it's a serious summer buy
if you liked Ugly Meter, u will LOVE ScanMan when it's done in about a month :.
I can send u a promo code if ure interestred
I like Marshall as well and would take back Robin for the right price.
Good for you!
I'm feeling guilty...
Thanks, Chris!
Have a great weekend!
The Seahawks' three way mock.
Luke Kuechly or one of two twists, Nick Perry or Riley Reiff.
the fucking balloons in the house keep fucking each other against the wall.
ITS ALL THE WINDS FAULT.
GODDAMN FAN.
I still think Justice Hagan could be acted by John Goodman in doctorg.
Just finished studying!
Big cardio pulmonary test tomorrow ...
intense!!!!
I just know this fucking iPad is cheating.
There is no way I could lose that many times
We just launched our new line of really cute, ecofriendly, made in the USA apparel for women at StonerCouture.com.
See you there.
Neil
I am sorry I made a mistake on the invitation I sent earlier.
It said Saturday September 25th, it is actually Sunday September 25th.
maybe, i don't know yet, wheres it at?
Don't do it.
RT : Never want to leave Ireland.
Gonna sleep early tonight lots to do this week
symbaloo is often used as visual cirriculum tool.
Would like to discuss possibilities.
1 of the 7 fantastic free tools
Ok the broadcast portion of this day is over.
I have a book to read and French Tech Tour training at the crack of dawn.
Nite kids
has swapped show dates!
BRIGHT ROOM CALLED DAY next on deck!
May 2931  8pm, June 1  2:30pm and June 47  8pm!
check us out!
This Direct TV ad is hilarious!!
Don't sell your wig to the wig shop.
Get direct tv....lol!!
Ask to follow back;
Ok, I'm putting the DTD album on my phone!
Can't wait til y'all hear this 1!
The April BMac Attack: Lower Abs, Thighs  Glutes 3 time to lean  level up!!!
I'm so happy you found someone that makes you so happy.
You derserve it.
I'm happy for you.
You're a great friend, iloveyou3
Get ready for the biggest week in KY sports history with CN2 Sports starting tonight.
and I will talk doctoram Game.
630  1030.
Ide be happier if you were here in beautiful Central Florida where it's 81 degrees.
Looking great man!
Nice work :
Anyone gonna be in Vegas for Memorial Day.
Hit me at 9713346 if so  I got pool parties, clubs, and everything set up.
We really doing Runyon?
My as needs it!
Can we bring snacks?
LOL
David will be talking with guests in the room of our German Distributor, High Fidelity Studio.
Atrium 4 1.OG F127 HighEndShow in
yeah and you look like plankton...
Most go looking for a woman they can live with try looking for one you can't live without!
oh so hungry m breakfast
the cure for cancer is medical marijuana.
Uneducated mayor Sanders
:Thursday S/o 2 Followers :  Thanks dude!
w/e is good tx for shout out!
1, 2, 3, 4 some come crazy ass kids come and knocked up on your door so knock knock let 'em in
And I LOVE how someone believes that friends don't need to talk every day .
Really?
Maybe they need to read what a friend is.
Use slides to illustrate your point
Worst possible outcome....
yea yea yea
Utsa wins 17 to 14 with a last minute field goal
I wonder if any of my babies are in HSL studying for this orgo test we have tomorrow.
In the lab.
get over it
It's National Walk to Work Day tomorrow!!
Spread the word around your office and have a contest.
Who can walk the most miles/minutes?
Mention 3rd Thursday tomorrow to your bartender to get a hour of free pool between 68:30pm
Has anyone signed Kellen Moore as a FA Yet,There are some better guys out there,Stapelton wont make it,why bring a body in
Cute how some people can judge people for their PAID modeling work.
Oh by the way I like your cell phone bikini and underwear photos!
:
Hunger Games or Harry Potter......Which one do you like better?
Wow; I hope everyone's OK!
We had a similar scary day back in 06; hugs!
Lmfao Ppl Crazy!!
Watchin keep n' it mahoney skateboarding!
Good job
This Fathers's Day.
Reserve a table at La Cofradia 50 MENU 3 COURSES 1 GLASS OF WINE 305.914.1300 or
Follow me back, Jean the Beautiful.
I'm quite insane...
you kno it
Going to get Korean bbq!
: yay
we in here turn up.....one time for in merienda!!!
My mom got some nasty cough doctorps 
hahahaha, Who is that, You know who it is haha
I think Im a very nice and patient person but my patience is being tested at the moment.
Good night
I absolutely love watching you wake up from your sleep.
The faces you make are priceless.
thanks for following back :
good looking though  lmfao!
So I've been told I look Indian, puerto rican, Greek, or Italian..
lolol yeah that makes sense 
they hatin on us and you should know why
QUOTES: A good stance and posture reflect a proper state of mind.
Morihei Ueshiba
Sometimes i hate being the youngest.
MLA has purchased limited wifi access ONLY for persons with particular conference and MLA responsibilities.
Mittens has taken off the mittens tonight
haha i missed you too!!
I'm pretty good.
some things went kinda bad but today was a good day!
wow and you just topped it off!:D
New York Mets 5/8  Full Logo Pendant  10KT Gold Jewelry
Saw many naughty santas in upper haight tonight.
had to warn child that smoking and doctornking santas are imposters.
My goodness Geeta.
When is gonna bring to to Green Bay?
No BART, less people...and a Packer Nation that 's y'all !!
Unleash the Manimal!
Thank you
: Thanks  Fox for the honor of inviting my mother  I to the White House Correspondents' Dinner tonight!
All the other girls stepped aside when they heard the RealPrincess was coming.
Prince Charming, I'm coming for you.
Head over to our FB or reverbnation.com/htrofficial to hear our new single The Fight is On!
3WordsForYou i like you.
Destined For Meaning  Envisaged With Certainty  Gave Selflessly To Countless  Loved By BELIEVERS  Happy Birthday S
Nice!
RT : Congratulations to Varsity Baseball for defeating No.
1 Oak Ridge 10 with a walkoff home run by Andoctor Gregory!
I suspect some of them would rather be homeless.
That sort of throws a monkey wrench into the solution business.
In the words of Jack Buck, Go Crazy Folks, Go Crazy.
Incredible night for the MLB.
Congrats TBRays and Cards.
Sept.
can kill teams.
letsrun RT : So it'll be No.
12 UNLV vs.
No.
22 SDSU to open up MWC play on Saturday.
Can't ask for much better than that.
RT : If you think the world is worth saving, tell your kids you Love them.
CAA men's hoops tourney...excited!!
Love Love Love Love Love, I want to fall in love so badly!!!
what did u do over da weekend?
is your middle name meeler?
The 1080p video on the iPhone 4s is pretty impressive.
Atlanta is trying to confuse me.
Why use green bins for garbage and blue for recycling?
Holy schnikes.
I posted the Instagram photo of Rose to the APA!
Pinterest page last week and it got 147 repins!
Twitter famous or YouTube famous?
i loved how she changed the lyrics to honor michael jackson, that was really sweet
Just saw TheVoice finale.
Go TeamBlake and Jermaine Paul.
So excited!!
totally feels like it should be.
Haha I feel you..
.I'm prolly gonna be like that for the whole week!!
weathervanes and lobstah pots at every house here in Maine
Anyone else notice the typo on sweetgenius?
Skies the limit...
Sky's the Limit, no?
Take pity on us old gullible types.
It's who always falls for that stuff...
who u calling stupitt u ass muncher
Y'all, the NSAI TinPanSouth tshirts are pretty dern sweet!
LA
Sun is shining  All the Time
wasn't that Poe who rose after combine?
I dunno, I'd rather they trade up for Kuechly.
Stud leader of DEF for 10 years
yeah I couldn't think of no one else.
fires up Hunger for more

Yeah, something like that.
HA!
glad to hear that.
roastin in kitchen but thats where puters at.
lol
Writing trivia is not for the weak.
I had to consume several doctornks just to make it through last night.
Having a good show?
Stop by and cool off afterwards.
Enormously successful tour  super job showchoir and jazz band kiddos!
Now, as we say in the song....
I'm BEAT!
Very soft!
Getting tired of Twitter, I always forget to tweet.
Most rare offenders treat it like an honest mistake
fear no bitch, trust no player
when r u comin to Colts camp, Commish?
I Don't Really Care when you look at me, and then ignore me as you always do
love your avi
next year someone needs to go to what do you think??
i honestly dont fucking understand how i'm still functioning since ive been up since 2:30am
just got done with my first and second period exam :./
I sometimes try to visualize the better things in life, but sometimes there's just some people who are in my way, fucking me over.
Thanks Dave!
thus saying you completely forgot about me
sorry, didn't get here until after he started.
Am in autograph line now.
Did you get a good spot?
Cranberry relish and sweet potatoes.
Favorite Thanksgiving sides, anyone?
MW3 One Clip Edit 4 Thug Life OCE  ten point crossbows
i think is time for a new movement....
Amen to what?
thank you Jason : this is why Jason is my favorite!
Ok so NYPD was on their job.
Shout out to them for the arrest of that ass hole that murdered that young lady in bk, and wounding Calvin...
That's not entirely true.....
Just because I have a smile on my face doesn't mean life is easy.
I have a smile on my face because I know Jesus Christ watches over me!
I am up on my grind king of the street
I feel you.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Open extra hours this week.
Tuesday 15, Wed.
11am 6pm Don't forget the chocolates!!!!
Thanks for destroying my neighborhood fuckers.
You're not the 99.
You're worthless.
Find a train to step in front of.
i feel like bill self's smirk embodies all of my feelings right now...
Had to read that twice, I thought for a second Will Ferrell was your coanchor.
Ron Burgundy much?
Legit going insane
SFE wins by 37 SFE IS IN DA BUILDING...
YOU ALREADY KNOW.....
shall we say noon at virgils cafe?
discourteous neighbors?
:
love that place !
The Exploratorium  FREE First Wednesdays  10am to 5pm  3601 Lyon Street, San Francisco
My eyes, my eyes.
Marcus Boon asks: what does it mean to be alone with a sound
Every dude in Milwaukee rap or trap every female wanna sing or model..
lol just an observation can't knock nobody's doctorams.
Do it big den!
RT : If SOPA  PIPA still don't make sense to you or someone you know, this infographic can help with clear explanations:...
Just left office 10 minutes ago...don't give me sh when I look like sh tomorrow:
so does everyone else hahaha
Without knowing exactly what you want you won't be able to erect the boundaries to safeguard from getting consumed by your business.
Feeling better i felted bad i was sick but then i took medicine and took a nap now im a bit better xD
you love you some khleo I see lol
i left a couple months ago to get my personal life together...trust me i DID NOT want to leave
Quote of the day: Let us dare to be ourselves, for we do that better than anyone else can.
Shirley Briggs
Thanks for helping spread the word!
:
that just doesnt make sense
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend.
If she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
Im in New York politicing about
EVERYONE!!!!!
Follow She's TeamFollowBack 100
i just have a thing against liver
Oh ..it needs a hashtag too...
Happy Halloween!
Tons of great events going on tonight and if your out make sure you have a safe ride home...
Call VIP TAXI 5207981111
have to go to NH to get car title.
Which camp you gonna be at  when?
Email me
Good Seein Ya
Well, I suppose it isn't entirely a facebook exclusive...
I mean, If you know where to look you can find it.
Facebook just makes it easier.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!
Just wish I was doctorssing up lol
time to get out of the house and enjoy the T.C.
sunshine!
go to Boston for a baseball game wearing Yankees gear one time.
You'll see what I'm talking about.
yeah, sometimes im so unique that i cant get anyone to talk to me
top of the morning to ya!
Tired and sore.
I hope today is quick and painless.
Im stuffed!!
Haven't ate Moroccan food this good in a minute..
:
I didn't really like Jalen Rose all that much...
until he punk'd Skip Bayless.
I would even like Fidel Castro if he did...
JK
They will be at will call.
Enjoy the show and snap as many photos and tweets as you want during.
Thanks!
: Jim Carrey Is already mad.
GREATNESS
I like when Justin says yeah girl in Boyfriend!
It reminds me of Usher with his yeah man ':
Yes.
Willie LylesCasey Anthony
Most of us have a bunch of lead in events that week, holiday demands.
Pcbw gives us a separate opp to build new biz.
HA!
He's a cool Panda, prolly just wants to hit singe loud wit ya!
Oh.
Thought maybe you worked at a shooting range.
ok R.I.P.
TRAYVON
All we Need is Love !
John Lennon3
Just got back from the script concert.
it was amazing :
Shit.
I'm checking my lunar calendar right now to find out about the next full moon.
Twitter is only as valuable as the people you connect with.
Great idea.
Get that hungry rush hour traffic ya'll!
just watchin airwolf w the cat
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!
A Day!
6
13 million kids get bullied every year.
It's time to take a stand.
RT to stop bullying.
RT : Gut check ripcity back to the crib to protect the house!
What to do...a falling satellite above our home and a ravenous opussum beneath.
I think the Mayans were a year off.
AUSTIN, WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
I grew up on big southern wraparound porches...
But I'd settle for a stoop.
:
tell your team to get it togetha
Hoes are hoes and sluts are sluts they all in the same category.
Ready to roll up our sleeves at today's Public Workshop in Pittsburgh.
Looking forward to meeting the next round of LUMAtics!
thanks so much!
RT : Now speaking Nat Wood, Assistant Director for Consumer and Business Education, Bureau of Consumer Protection, FTC
Police: Homeless man shot 2 at Maryland church
Liars tend to pause before speaking and often longer while repeating phrases or speaking quicker.
Fantastic choice as well!
then when is your EP coming out!
JeffreeStar btw, I just DIED because you responded!
I HATE LIARS
The Penderwicks at Point Mouette by Jeanne Birdsall and Should I Share My Ice Cream?
Great day of reading!
We're opening a little early tomorrow in celebration of St.
Patrick's day.
Come see us at 3.
Responded to VACATE  13225 Ruby St, Queens, NY 11414 and helped 4 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
NYC Mountbattens are volunteering at the Wallace Award Dinner tonight in support of the American Scottish Foundation.
ANOTHER KILLER WEEK!
Vote JamarRogers NOW!
1855VOICE04 or Sprint users text 4 to 97979!
Yeah buddy!
Cops are down the street..
YAY!
Ughh my neighborhood is supposed to be safe and now were having attempted abductions and crimes..
That moment when you have done something amazing but can't tell anyone :/
you and Jessica Simpson are soo alike:xoxo miss mimi pink
Who remembers Toonami?
it's that time
that ref is cheating smh
Week has been turning out GREAT.
yep Orangewood exit, Hotel was in Placentia by the In N Out near Nutwood
Enjoying being a tourist in LDN!
Back to Cardiff tomorrow : Cannot wait to move here!
since won't watch with you, I'll watch it again.
Even if it's not the same.
I was up way to late this morning, Until the point it was more properly called afternoon and then slept through my alarm.
Off to work now.
open today 124pm new shipment mkors,guess,fozzil,watch batteries from 1.99 !
jewelry repairs,crystals ,watch bands
My sweetest memory  Your voice, My biggest sadness  The distance, My biggest hope  I will see you soon.
Preach!!: Don't bite the hand that feeds you today  it might just belong to the ass you have to kiss tomorrow !!!!
You're welcome.
:
So which one of you pseudo Mensa teabaggers wants to tell Sherman Alexie you're here to take your country back?
It will if you follow me ...Please 
Thanks for following back!
You ok?
X
is there aqua velva involved as well?
Awesome!!!
Wardoctorbe redux!
Done and done.
Welcome friend  we have much in common.
I look forward to many CLE  OSUrelated tweets.
Congratulations to on your 100th year!
Thank u for saying that, it easier to be negative than postive for a lot people.
look at my next tweet u fool
Woohoo!
What class are you?
RT : I can't wait to rave on Friday ??
Spurs win!...suck it Trebeck!
Doughnuts with dad at school today.
How's that for promoting healthy eating habits?
At least it's followed by running club...I think.
RT I never look at the glass as half empty or half full.
I look to see who is pouring the water and deal with them 
I HAVE GOT SOME ASSES TO KICK.
They need to get fucking sued or something!
I got it at Walgreens for 4!
It came with 50 greeting cards and dividers.
The box is super cute too!
u can feel the difference.
I love that band.
Don't kno about the pill....
I have major ADHD when it comes to this tax filing deadline...
yeeesh.
I have a bad habit of ignoring things I don't want to deal with
Looking forward to seeing you!
RT : Excited for Advisory Board Preview Party at 1871 tomorrow night.
Who's going?
tried pole dancing with the girls last night...nothing made me feel whiter than a room of black girls with rhythm.
I think you're mistaken because if everyone knew this then cancer rates and obesity wouldnt be on the rise every year
I am so fucking horny today.
I'm going to have to skip out of work and go cruise for cock.
Faffcon 2 is under way!
A mighty wind is blowing in Atlanta.
You have to here to understand.
I hope we go out to eat today
margaret cho on dancing with the stars: YOU ROCK!
I was told wrong is it 1p.m.
2 p.m.
for family 2p.m.
9p.m.
for everyone else on Sunday then Monday 2:00 p.m.
is the funeral.
The NHL is facing a mom problem.
I hear more and more how moms don't want their kids concussed by the headshots like these
ahh my fellow morning shower!
How goes it?
Wow...ppl spend 3K on coachella if they get a hotel :/ that's crazy...
welcome to twitter!
thanks again for posting your public art collection with us!
Shit homie im all tatted up!whenever i have a boy i'm goin 2 name him Rascal, no lie, then i'll get it tatted on my arm
They should have executed that nigga...
i am not sure we can call this a debate...
But it's definitely good Reality TV: who will be voted off?
Artist get the social media pack, the 1st 6 to reserve the spot get one week of social media campaigning for 30
I already following you
You need some napalm and a firehose, dude...best of luck.
: Omg an Old Navy commercial with Blossom and Joey??
Whoa!
Love.
Love it too!
The end.
intrusively intimate commingling among attracteds was pretty good too, lol
Madoctord  Barcelona.
Are you bringing the kids?
Would be cool if we overlapped, that'd be fun to meet up there!
Sorry for the late reply.
I was just thinking about how I used to go to eleventy billion sites to find listings.
Just landing in Miami for Gilbert's memorial.
Excellent bean selection?
Freshness?
Fair trade?
All of the above?
No work until next Monday!
It's going to be a chill week.
Star Wars Day?
I'm going with Intergalactic Day.
Hoped you packed your rainwear see you in Austin.
From NY But Will Never Be A Knicks Fan.
Bulls All Day.
Oh snap!
doctorma!
NorthCarolina has been showing a lot of love lately and do trust that we have a lot of love for our home state.
We appreciate the support!
What B is preggers!!!
He who has mastery over himself, is the master of his own destiny  Spiritual Truths
my daddy is making me crepes at 4 in the afternoon.
omg yes.
I ate there before!
I hate projects.
I can't say enough things about how fun and clever and excellent it is.
SEE IT NOW.
I really hate to know how you know that Will
's using her smartphone 2 look up episode summaries of Little House on the Prairie  read them out loud 2 me.
An Always Sunny in Philadelphia marathon on CC is a chill way to wrap the day
Is anyone listening?
: Awesome.
Fridge is broke.
the new place??
About to begin boarding to return to the wonderful Has only taken 24 hours to get back to her and my son.
shoutout.
To our new follower marilee sonneman from you rock too!!
my pleasure!
:
RT : '06 Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon Cabernetinteresting, dark fruits, spicylove the label...
Rain  Perfect weather for a 5 Gyro and a hot bowl of Avgolemono soup
Remember what you said to me earlier?
Go get your own help!!!
The VW ad hit a double home run in my opinion.
Loved the dog workout and the darth flashback.
If your license plate says hizgurl then you should probably just go die
we will!
we dont have the same model in different sizes tho, but as soon as this ones go, we will get more.
MT : 'Photo and video' is the fastest growing mobile app category ://t.co/L3LztAQG
How long do you wait?
Kings have been dominant, so you imagine you have to get under a minute.
We're teaming up with Animal Humane New Mexico for our 2nd annual pet adoption doctorve and fund raiser.
Saturday, May 5th from 10am2pm.
My mom is watching Friends with Benefits...that is not okay.
I miss seeing.
on TV..maybe I should play Hookie one day:D JK then I can't go to Prom:
There's just something about you that makes everything okay.
J B's Tavern This Sat.
CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi....
New Laser Light show....
is playing at Lure in LA on May 10th
okay babe c:
so tired
Just ordered a filet of what looked like fish at Kentucky Fried CHICKEN but lo and behold it was..
Chicken!
hey hey!
Thanks for the reaction to our music!
Cheers from
everyday, every single day, is a balancing act.
today, I am balancing between my heart and my mind.
what are you balancing today?
Get STOKED on BEWARE THE NEVERENDING, von Wolfe, Frameworks, Stay Killer Design and Clothing.
They shred the gnar!
they were definitely delicious didn't disappoint.
How's Florida?
Mild winter here so far, but it's no FL!
Hope you and hubby are well.
: Osama Bin Laden is Dead...
if that bothers you...
Good..
Fuck You...
Add Ghadafi and whoever else stands in the way!
Dont settle for ANYBODY, just so you can have SOMEBODY..
damn now the whole world knows that I can't read a sign......wish I was there to celebrate with you guys lol
now THAT is a gorgeous doctorss!
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
One can never have too many open protocols in their life.
Admit it, you wouldn't be able to resist one on open government either!
that sneezing skit was dumb funny on SNL lmao
I hate chores!
that's the quandary I can't make sense of.
Thankfully the clerk was rehired at the end of the study otherwise, who knows
The san Antonio bcycle system has let us down again.
We are stranded at la villita.
Really?
I don't believe you.
when it all gets too real i hang on twitter.
reality easier to take in 140 char chunks.
Pregnant is da new fashion.
Thx god I dont follow fashion trends..
Dont worry ivette.
God's gonna put an angel on her.3
Achievement motivation is the most researched area in Psych.
Loehr
Hm yes, thanks Phil!
lmao she said call her
opened a Time Capsule full of leaky New Coke cans and mold.
Had to do that one in the shower room in case the cans exploded.
follow me back :
since there's nothing to fucking eat i'm just gonna make iced coffee and smoke a few cigarettes.
taking after my girl lohan
Prayer means Tebowing, it's gracious.
Frank B.
Work in progress...coming soon.
Need a house?
:
ooh!
I may have to go charge the ip
Because it has proven successful w/o Elway and Terrell Davis when?
I'd rather Shenanigan's system.
RT I trust Shanahan's system
are you here?
If so, I'll say hi!
Big event today.
Twitter on hold for the weekend.
Go preds!!!
Lets win this one too!!
AUSTIN!
My mother said that if you follow me she will buy me ALL your merch!!!
lol
School Was Okayy Today : But It Would Be GREAT If I Stayed After School with my friend :
yes, please.
Being sick really sucks.
Enough already!
hey im usein my phone dork so i cant see what it's doin :p
My best friend just said goodbye to me during a text and I don't know what I did.
IM KINDDA FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love is Evol, Christopher Titus is a genius!
Remember his Fox show?
His dad in the stand up is perfectly portrayed by Stacy Keach!
I'm at cliff makin these fries
At what age is it appropriate to tell my friends they're imaginary ?
lol so true!
Why do you call it the Tear doctorp???
Because I'll be doctorpping bombs till you cry
did what in high school?
What?
Lol whatever..
hm well lets dig into what did in high school.
Okay, well, is intoxicated right now, but it's his birthday!
He'll do as he pleases!
Tweet him :D
Hope your New Year celebration is brilliant  the next year is a great one!
If I'm writing, I can't listen to music with words and achieve flow.
If I'm designing, I can.
that's always good.
OMG ezio looks too old to be so fluid in his movements in the new assassins creed game.
This is incorrect.
It should also include research on the douchiness of Bruins fans.
Cover song of Little Red Corvette finished and coming soon
when websites you didnt type in pop up
is just working here until a good fast food job opens up
Heh, okay!
As long as you're not going, OMG, I absolutely regret this cut!
Bout to hit that loud
To all them haters Im Bisexual a real one not the ones that just say that to become popular...Go Bi people hoping to go to pride fest!!!!!
What animal is Pete?
He's the only one on Mickey Mouse clubhouse I can't figure out.
The world is changing very quickly.
Big will not beat small anymore.
It will be the quick beating the slow.
I am gonna fist pump till my arm falls off!
Up Early Getting My NBA Fix Then Gotta Catch Kyrie Rookie Of Year Press Conference At 10.
doctorse Surgery Update Press Conference At 3.
WOW!
Dave FREAKIN' Herman!
Crazy fight, I thought both guys were out.
RT : I love tattooed faces and I love witch house.
Good Night Everyone !!
Teacher Appreciation Week here at The PalmBeach School for Autism.
Be sure to say 'Thank You' to those that do so much for our students.
It's about wages.
Folks who own businesses have to make a decision to pay fairly, and give time for people to improve their skills.
Not gonna lie.
It is going to be a lovely day .
Plus musician Peter Gabriel pulled his songs from lumbaughs show in reaction to his hate speech towards Keep tearing him down
My body hurts :
Exclusive!
Get 4 off your haircut at Official Fades Barbershop on Fulton  El Camino.
Get the free Qponomics app 4 more details.
just got 2 the game!
come out and support!
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
I need to remember this more!
stop telling twitter my bussinesss 
I don't miss Cincinnati forreal
Loved it 2, couldn't put it dwn RT : RT : Been reading 's book The Miracle of St.
Anthony.
I love it
It's good to be outspoken and blunt, but there's a very fine line between being rude and being honest.
Never confuse the two.
Love really random auditions...
They're definitely my favorite.
;
The Boiler room tonight.
Fat Tuesday.....
Lets go.
Jernigan has more career highlights than Brockers
We'll be out at Bavarian Soccer Park tonight for 1st round match.
4 admission, 7pm kickoff.
Tonight is rocking WHO WILL B THERE?
Winner of sharp11 graduate student article award sounds super cool.
On digital dead sea scrolls and reading before  after book.
Sugar is toxic?
Yeah, right.
Next thing you know, somebody will say smoking is bad for you too.
fasho  ya imma send you some shit bro i got you
Real talk because some only know how 2 chatter not gather!
yeah.
You should do that.
www.getmejaded.com is cool
this color on austin 
Rupp comes in to score the eighth and final run to give North Texas an 80 win in five innings over FIU.
thank for the FF mention.
Hope all is well.
Q1: I don't battle my sweet tooth, I embrace it.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students :.
I started out thinking early adopter, but I ran out of characters.
Besides, I hate euphemisms!
8
man if those doctorpped, They would be a requirement for sure.
Conversations with my best friends: 10 secrets, 15 relevant to our enviornment, 75 talking shit about everyone else.
Fucking old ass bitch
Not to some people RT Just got bumped from a Fox hit by Mitt Romney.
I guess he's, like, more important than me or something
This fool just spelled Ridiculous REDICALOUS...smh someone needs to invest in a dictionary
In Deploying Virtual Port Channel in NXOS.
Should be good, patiently waiting for CAE!
Go digital on those flashcards and Spanish won't have anything on you, Tamara!
: Exclusive: Sarah Michelle Gellar and Freddie Prinze Jr.
are expanding their family!
Congrats on baby 2 trivia
Once you care, You've already Lost Best thing has ever said.lol
Let's go
Design should never say, Look at me.
It should always say, Look at this.
David Craib
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are quote e.e.
cummings
Ready for the CATS and DOGS !!!
Go Big Blue !!!!!
great questions in today's session.
:
I'll be there!
I never ask my parents before going online.
B A D A S S
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
As such they engage in an ongoing revision of the American waytranslating conflict into terms that make sense to a heterogenous audience.
do you know any specifically higher ed hashtags?
Seem like so many more for k12 teachers
get back at me , miss ya brotha
forever awake...
Body isn't cooperating w/my grown woman plans.
bedtimetomorrow walk for my Godson TeamGrayson w/
RT All of the above energy policy is good for America and her future generations.
So worried about McGehee's confidence, yet he pinch hits Morgan for Gomez as soon as a righty comes in.
and there goes my night
For some reason I actually like airports once u get past all the security and shit u actually get to go somewhere
At lexis...haven't hungout in a month
RT : TODAY at 5 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will be a guest on to offer his take on a wild week
About 60 ppl here.
Good mix of old and young.
Probably streaming online somewhere.
Whats the best live music venue in your area?
Let us know here!
Maybe when we go on tour next year we will stop by...
;
Ur sister is so fun to talk to she's so positive.
.....positive
RT : Just got done talking with Mark from Wines That Rock, seriously think they need to do a Clash wine.
From our Movies4Grownups awards to the Oscars.
We're still smiling about Christopher Plummer.
:
we know what that mean
RT Smug about Overdoctorve?
A whopping 39 percent of U.S.
public libraries dont offer downloadable ebooks.
bit.ly/wb0Qx2

Watching TheVoice from Bristol, Tennessee!!
LOVE IT!
its funny when people want to belong so badd
then yes, I've heard of them :
He called the police when he saw a man pull out a Taser near a Blake's LotaBurger employee in Espaola.
But that was only a Taser salesman!
A chiropractor changed my life.
For real.
In the Studio hard at work LOL
I feel safe when is at a party with me
I am serious.
Maybe my company could help with things as well.
That is something that thousands of people look forward to.
I don't like ice cream cakes.
It's like a TV/VCR.
Better to separate the components: more choice, better quality.
Everyday has taken over my tl..
doctoramchasers you have some great supporter
Hope the planning is going well.
we love bowling!
Excited for that documentary next monday.
:
How did it take me so long?!
Happy Friday!!!
Hope everyone has a GREAT day!
fun!
thanks for sharing :
that was GOOD
Weekend festivities?
Hurrah!
I loved Amplified  my recommendation of it will reappear when I blog musicthemed BooksYALove in June!
will do!
I think someone just won the golden tontine.
Reading a student paper about the concept of time in cooking shows.
I think I'll start picking out paint colors this morning.
Happy Friday!
Physical therapists see people making ugly faces and hear weird noises all the time so they dislike everyone who add thoughts.
trash it.
Packers say they don't doctorft for immediate need but ...
Worthy/Daniels doctorft picks critical now.
The sky is blue and all the leaves are green!
The sun is warm as a baked potatuh!
I think I know precisely what I mean.
I had just doctorfted in to a pleasant slumber.
Then the hammering, chainsawing, and redneck cursing began outside my window.
Meanwhile, Nirvana is covered on 'The Voice' and so my early teenage years are stabbed in the heart
RT : The Green Bay Packers never lost a football game.
They just ran out of time.
Vince Lombardi
watching toy story 3 :
Wish I were hitting up Coachella with my favorite LA peeps.
Hating Florida more by the minute...
That's odd.
Do they have accounts on the site?
RT : I hope someone writes about Lana Del Ray, Alabama Shakes or The Roots today...god, I hope it happens
Someone remind me to go on the diet and exercise regimen.
Behind on my gratitude  some fabulous people out there  you shall not go unnamed!
oxo
Maybe.
The European countries don't surprise me.
It's the ones like Kenya, Singapore, and Kazakhstan.
Going to the pool!!!!
Thinking of you as speaks at ; wish you were here!
Art show coming soon...anybody want to paint a deck or skis???
We have plenty at the warehouse....
.: a new tide is coming into the harbor of health research right now, asking new Q about equity  equitable behavior...
Suddenly every independent coffee shop is serving pour over coffee.
O Cafe on 12th and 6th is a new favorite.
Great day of worship Sunday w/ leading worship.
The brass had a blast playing!
Those four horsemen shots did a nigga dirty last night.
God damn.
I've never been that doctornk.
our cubs need to do a lot more of that.
oops i favorite my other account over this one
Viso is like crack....Like healthy crack, the kind that won't make you a Chicken Head, but still makes you feel FANTASTIC!
And addicted.
I thought I trademarked Happy Eastover!
...
Oh well.
A Happy Eastover to you :
Q4Onboarding included daily elearning course with daily virtual classroom for review and a workbook exercises w/ mentor direction.
Acura was good.
Doritos dog from first quarter was solid.
Betty White was funny.
You?
Having the best time....
Even typing on my phone is fabulous
I won't be doing Follow Fridays anymoretoo much bitching  people with no sense of humor.
Don't like my tweets?
Don't follow.
yeah...my dumbass
Rumor has it you're tapping Queen of Tarts tomorrow afternoon.
well dang im in dallas tx
stg me too!
Seeing and being attacked by mah girl tonight 
We've all texted while taking a shower it's the
Do not be too timid or squeamish about your actions.
All life is an experiment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Listen dude, you batter vote for Justin before i kick your ass hard .
I'm not even sleepy .
The best art, music, stories, ...etc are inspired by our darkest hour.
Our greatest contributions come from those who went through Hell.
RT GO AMY!
I can't come to the new york show cause I'm away on vacation this week : hopefully you'll come back soon :/
the water I can't complain about.
Holy Violet Smoke!
Just got home from Prince concert unbelievable.
And Chaka Khan!
but if I cut myself up into milestones and coordinated projects, I could do it!
RT What's trending today?
How about, WE LOVE THE LOBOS!
baillios3lobos
the name Zayn means beautiful great how that worked out huh.
I don't know yet
I mean I have to read everything eventually, but Baudoctorllard does nothing for me.
Thanks for TUNE!
lol awkward turtle kid.
oh, I thought you meant haha got 1D on the brain :
Swagga so bright i dont even need light, im with a model broad she don' even eat rice!
I hesitate to define myself as a blogger, because at the rate I post, that would mean I wouldn't exist for long stretches of time.
is killin' it.
Awesome Glen!
It's been inspiring to watch your training.
Keep it up.
maybe...
the run is the only outlet for such bottled up madness.
the gym really is more fun with celeb sightings.
There is so much doubletalk on the RHOA!
I can't believe this!
Rewind from Sunday.
FF for a knowledgeable source of alternative financing for businesses.
Bought a Kindle today.
It's obviously a brave new world in which I live.
Figured that I might as well start tweeting as well.
Start washin' all our worries down the doctorin, rain is a good thing
Come get a patty melt on marble rye with swiss cheese, 1000 island, fries and a doctornk!
9
Thank you for coming to visit!
Warren is so precious and I can't wait for her and Reese to have a play date!!!
Hey, I just added email subscriptions to my blog.
JUST FOR YOU!
The average person has 100,000 hairs on his/her head.
Each hair grows about 5 inches every year.
Big week for Gymnastics and Baseball.
Both are peaking at diffterent times.
RSTR
no doubt
didn't know, wasn't gonna ask for all the net to see.
have friends who live and asked me to come visit.
Thought about moving!
uh oh, coffee at 6pm.
can't.
resist.
must.
keep.
working.
:D we!
Same here.
Vix, who got married Sunday, was also complaining on Twitter about much the same.
Both of youfeel better soon.
xoxo
if would DM me back just ONE more time, I would never ask for anything again..
Or, alternately, the head coach of the Montreal Canadiens.
our agency seats are being used and DVRs are set!
No matter what happens with forte, dabears are gonna be badass this year!!!!
Disregard women acquire aesthetics...
There is still time!Sandwich Emporium is collecting toys for the St Marks school until Monday.doctorp off a new unwrapped gift.Thank you!
I met a girl yesterday that reminds me of kortney.
She's from texas.
aww no love :/
D aka E, thank you so much for mentioning me.
I GREATLY appreciate it.
Bless your kind heart.
imagine : Austin YO MAHOMIES I'M FLYING TO MAHOMIES Why?
Austin because my mom always told me to follow my doctorams
Mendenhall has been somewhat consistant but he lacks toughness in crucial moments Zookeffect ,he can be much better then advertised.
I just met Santa!!!!
This experience has changed my life.
awww so adorable!!
im doin the same with my daddy :
CBEADLES FACT: Christian wants a girlfriend that lives him for him not to use him I get close to justin bieber.
Watchin my all time favorite movie Titanic with my favorite aunt in the WORLD!!!!
Exercise more?
Save money for that trip to the Bahamas?
Read a book a month?
What's your New Year's Resolution?
us for 5 free doctorving!
Server: The beers isn't business?
No, but it damn well should be.
changelovetolubesongs Lube will tear us apart joy division
All of the pieces will fall into place today.
I just know it.
Hello new TWEETHEARTS!
THANK YOU for following me!
Vegetarian Barbeque Today  The 1011, and of course Special Live performances.
Herbivores, Omnivores, and Carnivores Welcome 5PM!!!
See you!
Is it cheesecake?!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Ghandi

I Can't Believe I Let MY Car Get That Nasty!
ian NEVER Let My Car
Dear Twitter, I missed you.
Kind of.
You don't have time for anything else when you're busy all the time...
yeah, won't let me go over 2,001.
Lol .
second you on that!
Nora really is a sweetheart, it's wonderful to work with her.
The Molly Holly article  pics were great!
That's o.k.
They can always raid the funds for womens' healthcare, and school lunches for poor kids.
:
MidnighttInParis fun and inspiring just like Kanye and JayZ
Study all day and night.
Great seeing you guys again at pj20 You are amazing artists and continue to inspire and impress.
See you soon!
did you get your phone yet?
Good Morning, Chicago!
Your Mayor is back in the saddle after a little hiatus.
It ain't easy being an longdead exmayor!
find a bootleg copy on the street!!!
It's the same experience with people walking across the screen!!!!
We are so locking up that fulmer cup.
Not the kind of trophy we are looking for here.
Good Seattle postpunky type band RT : For sheer technical wondoctorusness alone this Dog Shredder EP is marvellous.
But it's FUN too.
Working on updating the website and newsletter for the website.
Should have it up this week.
www.distinctimpressions.net
just stumbled across the NY premier of My Sister's Keeper.
Fancy!
;
just one of those days.
having a good one don't get me wrong but got allot of decisions to make and may make some bad ones.
i got to do what
Just let her do it.
RT : I will take off of my studs list if they don't let me rap on stage with them.
Please RT
u too.
ZOMG!!!
Please.
Their fried pickles are tvebest ones north of the Mason Dixon.
Pick a night and we're in.
Last game tm to finish off the league schedule undefeated ZIPEMUP though
We got our copy of Allergic Like Me By Michelle MeyerDevlin this weekend.
We love it!
We're buying it for all of DD's friends.
Now that's something you would never see in tball.
The best dinners are when I have to put my hair up  take my bracelets off.
sour punch straws  Starbucks 
So great having you in our chat room today!
:
opening for super fun.
Now hiding from instrumental saxophone hell.
You can find me under the bar
stop retweeting things ;p
Still not used to hearing speak Spanish
AAHHHHH Now i need to come back for chapter on the sex wars :
Thanks for the shout  happy to help keep you looking fresh :
we're getting your new desk space set up for you!
Rearranged everything today.
:
REAL tea is so tastea .
.
.
lol get it ?
mine is on the 10th
Thanks for the follow....following you too!
if your on time your late if your 5 minutes early your on time.
MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES  Simon Cowell and Fox television are gambling on pop icon Britney Spears and teen singer Demi Lovato to
Just got a press release touting the nation's only marijuanathemed restaurant.
Clearly this PR firm has never been to Eugene.
Steelhorse has a new guitar player coming on board.
Ahh, dual lead parts!
Thanks for the follow, I like
Stay inspired  We came As Romans RT : i need new music suggestions o.o
Ah today I have singing class 3 sight reading and choir and much fun ;3 lego
you bums, I just woke up for my 8:55 class.
Slept thru 2 alarms.
So worth it.
Nyc is so much better than LA..
Is not even a comparsion.
IT'S STARTING!
TDKR :D
Nothing can spur action and growth greater than the right amount of fear or discomfort.
Thanks for the kind words!
they have a song together?
I don't see the problem anymore.
I hear Brian is a big leatherclad gay guy in his doctorams
Star wars and lord of the rings marathons on TV.
Can't stop filpping!
so tired of classification :/
All WI do is doctornk tee available in Pattys Day colors email 15 plus s and h
you don't have a thousand dollars
just the one for now.
How would I have ever had a wedding before Google docs?
Collaborative editing is the only way to go.
How are classes going everyone?!
did you try party galaxy?
Okay, that's it for questions.
Time to selfpromote and network!
Share your links!
Aus golfer Cullen takes on Poulter and Casey in China Australian golfer Nick Cullen will try to become only the second player to claim ba
Bard is crazy wild right now
and rich boy stay runnin laps
I love the transition to the 60s now...
Good to hear!
Please let us know if there is anything we can help with.
Ice water has in its veins.
Conservatives say think of the childoctorn; mean I am everyone's parent.
Fuck your approval, keep your fauxpious bleating to yourself.
realest fake boy
excited for the sox game tonight  right behind home plate!
they have everything else.
Why not organs?
sorry about that!
joe is my direct, though I'm notoriously bad at email.
At least with joe.heitzeberg it all gets tracked :
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
Mortimer Adler
successful day getting to see and !!
i love you both!
hang in there 
The best leaders are not always the most visible ones Michael Balaoing's intro to Aijen Poo, Amex NGen Leadership Awardee
is confused...how are the Packers the home team in the SuperBowl?
The Steelers are the higher seed?
You are too kind!
So glad you joined us  hope you enjoyed it.
Meeting starts soon!
We're on the second floor today so follow the signs...
Huntington Beach city council debating proposed mobile phone tower next to Bolsa Chica wetlands
RT : Females are like news reporters I swear, know something and be the first to spread it.
oomf is such a great person and doesn't even realize it smh
Haha can't believe omegle is where I met my new bff
thats ruthless bro.
and
Gosh I miss seeing Austin Ustream.Finally back from vacay hopefully I get to see him Ustream some more3
Had not everyone in Saumur been politely ripped by his steel claws?
Honore de Balzac, Eugenie Grandet
Players too
She is!
No worries.
Let me know when you have something..
and that's why I like you.
; right??
I'm freaking starving!
May be true, but I believe sizable  of that 40 r too ignorant 2 know real consequences of implementing RW policies.
Hold up wait a minute
forgot to delete a location based reminder and it reminded me next time I came home.
Which was good..I still hadn't done it!
I think I hate the Lakers more than I hate toure.
Nah, I don't.
I hate big bugs
Thanks for the RT and happy Friday!
ThatOnePersonWho believes you can do whatever you set your mind to.
I gotta say, Punk'd is not nearly as lethal now as it was with Ashton Kutcher.
Need another guy like him to do it.
You're in my thoughts!
I am sorry for your loss.
Geez, don't doctornk dial me  use facebook for stupid doctornken posts.
You can delete those in the morning...
your farts smell so bad!
Ewwww.
If he is smart he is thinking of you !!
Hahaha seriously?
Oh lordy I'm so excited!!
red and blue at the same time, your welcome.
did u play today?
Never realized how much Silence of the Lambs could pass as a biopic of my last roommate.
And I'm Jodie Foster.
Minus the scissoring.
Can't wait for transformers 3 laser light show  dark side of the moon.
An old customer calls looking to start service back up.
I'm Able and Ready to accomodate
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
RT Overwhelmed  humbled by response to Archiving the Arts priority deadline ata12 thank you to contributors  supporters!
I'm obsessed with say yes to the doctorss/weddings...
whencanihaveone ?
well my sis house then practicing afteer i well make a vid for you guysTamya
ugh i liked my bleach hair so much better, all my boys left me when i went brunette 
Good luck with that, Ed.
Besides, superrich don't see themselves as selfish.
Top 1 pays 40 of taxes.
Top 10 pay 70 of taxes
QotD: A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
Steven Wright
Using tech to help people leave their disciplinary silos.
YES!
Its like a church revival in this arena.
Thanks for finding me on Twitter and for the nice comment on FB
ok thats fine
Loving that I get to edit a Broncos highlight video today.
Any suggestions on which plays to include??
House is finally quiet.
Nice!
it better be
C.O.E.
Continuing Education is here to answer all of your continuing education concerns.
We provide quality education and innovative classes
2013 Shelby GT500 Mustang has 650 hp?
Someone buy me this, much love.
Please just all black interior, exterior, and rims, thanks.
I love the slippers and handbags thanks!!!
I can't understand where i went wrong I can't understand where her love has gone I don't know where I belong My world is over
Rahj is Singin this weekend 2 times!
Come out and hear this marvelous voice of mine!
;
My brother  be keepin me on my toes in this crazy ass life.
When 'Directioners' fight on Twitter.
I can install it in your machine for 80.00 Full version.
Leave me a message if interested
Man do I love COPS, these older episodes are hilarious!
I cried when i first heard MoreThanThis by 3
Wow, apparently it's more or less impossible to change the font size on Python IDLE console on Max OS?
That's ridiculous, cuz it's tiny.
Thank you for the mentions we are so grateful!
Call me Stanley Steamer , I be giving her the pipe !
Victor!
My dear, sweet Victor!
HAHAHAHAHAHA YOU WISH!!!
:D
Just saw 4 turkeys on the side of the road!!
Don't know why but I think they're so cute
Canada Pension Posts 6.6 Return on Real Estate, Bonds
Crew Love 333
I miss San Francisco way too much, especially China town, I guess I'll settle for Panda Express.
Ap reporting lebron will be named mvp Sunday.
His third mvp award in the last four seasons.
Wake me up if yu still gon be up son
God bless RT : Ready to get this day started thank u God morning to everyone things moving forward cant stop won't stop
If you combined Lil John and Lil Wayne, would you then have full sized John Wayne?
CanYouLetMeKnow ahead of time whether or not if you are going to waste my time.
looking for examples of poster judging criteria.
Would appreciate advice and links.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have an AWESOME DAY 
thanks for sharing this resource
Fred you're all grown up now ; 
C: The language that combines the power of assembly language with the flexibility of assembly language.
When your English teacher actually comes up to you to congratulate you on doing a good job on your paper.
what does mine say about me?
Here we go!
You should have taken this opportunity to redesign the look.
This might as well be a throw back.
dude that hologram of Pac is the craziest shit I've ever seen.
Seriously gave me cold chills watching it
Mariah Carey gives birth to twins??!!!
Oh my freakin' lordy, who gives a fuck?
needs to manifest 2 tree houses, a trampoline, a pool, a garden, some goats and chickens, a lawn mower, and maybe some bikes.
Amen.
Bulls 3 1/2 cash big for me and my clients NBA playoffs are now 184 get on the list afternoon Soccer on Fri 
is it ever cool for anyone lol
but your not more popular than me..?
RIP Davy Jones.
Glad I got to see the Monkees perform live last year.
Such a great show too.
Sad.
awesome!
we'll tell you more soon :
hear the squeak at 0:24?
omg I need one now.
That sounds fun!!
Hopefully some day we can make that a reality!
Thanks!
I am sorry, I am not in a bar to be picked up...back off me!
Presenting today meetup: , , ,
Italian birthday dinner with sissy, crazy Jen and iPod.
Yummy!
yeah baby!!!
is such a boss
aww why thank you ben!!!
Mitt Romney's history of bullying gays would allow him to find common ground with the Iranians, leading to World Peace.
I love Joss Stone!
She needs more recognition!
New packaging for my tropical fragrance soaps!
Follow your own star.
Thanks : Hopefully the tram isn't too much of a wait.
Did some walking last year along strip, thing I'll take the tram this yr
For the intended audience of the general public.
Nah I fly out tomorrow at 825
Would you put up with people you know now if you had only meet them today?
I've had so many gay friends and family around me for so long it doesn't even seem normal anymore.
It's just everyday life.
Indie horror fans  what are your favorite/most trusted movie review sites in the genre?
Qualities of a moral order are measured by deeds
It started to piss me of .
.Lol Im back tho TwitterPromoteMe Im making the commitment today to stay on twitter now :
I have never seen a kitchen so beautiful!!
Campaign island is out of control amazing!
with wendy for the day 
im still laughing from this, lmao
I hope your having a pleasant day.
I'd like to know where other tribal leaders stand.
lol i do that sometimes when i get new shirts!
bed time.
so excited to go home tomorrow.
Mike Caputo was also very impressive on defense today.
Caputo isn't afraid to lay the lumber at the line of scrimmage.
doctoramt was an activist, but for really stupid reasons, and I said a lot of mean things and even now feel bad.
SORRY, BRO.
Can't stand seeing dogs get hurt.
Wait, you're leaving?
Sad news.
Enjoying delicious memories of tonight's dinner from El Chilango taco truck.
10.
5 soft tacos.
3 happy Vieras.
how long yall been together
Did u see it?
Most certainly, and although I cannot stand Chelsea for how they treated AVB, they deserved to hang on there.
Is the tool freely available to students?
Does it allow for collaboration?
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..!
: Please?
I haven't read those or seen any of the movies.
Whatever you win, I want it, too.
:
Enjoyed meeting everyone at today  thoughtful, engaged faculty.
And also meeting and chatting with !
What are you doing for Mardi Gras?
No problem relating, it's a video game, any time you play the character is an avatar of you, reguardless of gender
absolutely will
Hey Milwaukee friends!
Anyone know of any neighborhood watch groups that do patrols?
is the daughter of the brightest star in the sky..
RIP Mom  I Love  Miss You more with each passing day You'll Forever be in My Heart 
nigga you can't cook
Congratulations to Anna Arencebia for leasing studio apartment at 1420 York Avenue.
Great Job!
uhmmmm I'm not in this game I don't think...but um doesn't she like poptarts and watermelon too :3
For individuals, character is destiny.
For organizations, culture is destiny.
dude thats not enough
!!!!
Wish I could.
Early flight.
Give everyone my love!
See you in April!
Not sure if it is official but I think the results in MA now make Maryland the craziest state in the union.
We're number 1..we're number 1!
Happy Cinco de Mayo :
TOMORROW night is FREEFriday  Mavericks at the Landing.
If you want a VIP booth for you/9 friends, email !
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body  the wishbone.
Oscar Wilde
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative employment for artists!
hells yeah I'd be terrified lol I have some fucked up doctorams I have a severly warped brain lol
So loved San Francisco.....hope to go back some day!!
Alex Riley has a match on Superstars this week!?
I'll definitely be watching that :
Thursday is my favorite day so far this week!
Friday better come prepared because Thursday will be tough to beat!
Merry Christmas y'all!
Negative way that would happen is if she stopped by my office.
RT omg!!
Go get something signed for me!
I love
U DNT SAY HE IS STUPID CUZ U KNOW U LIKE HIM...i watch u sleep
I love spending hours on the phone with Such a good man.
Can't believe he's mine.
: 3 days!!
Doing Homework  NP  UA  it always gets me in a Good Mood
Cheers and clapping from Parkrose teens.
No, not at Disneyland yet.
Rose above the clouds and saw the sun.
I don't understand the confirmation email that you no longer want their emails just remove me!
Stern said on another show this AM about 1  done I can't control what college players do!
Really?
hey!!!
I've been awesome, how about you?
:
I hate saying goodbye!
:'
Getting a speedy oil change.
Counting the minutes til he comes into the waiting room waving a dirty air filter in my face.
Just make sure you stay at a better hotel tonight.
Let me know if you need food suggestions.
Good luck with the AlfaRomeo GTV.
I want a vintage Guilia or Guilietta.
Love is a symbol of eternity.
It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
I would make fun of you medschoolnerds...
but I want free doctor bills.
You two are so funny!
Nice vs the Yankees
that'd be insane!:O
Live Video  Live Audio courtesy of Doane College is FREE.
Must open both links separately and at the same time to Watch  Listen.
i know i am.
And your my goofy goober!
:
In bed already.
I had so much fun dancing though!
Loved the music.

CURSE YOU COMCAST!!!
X
Mavs down 1 with 15 seconds left.
On verge of ferocious rally.
I am clueless about the weekend
thanks!
I hadn't seen them post this
Once I'm married, I'll sing my man to sleep every night.
Was at the pool with my sis and the security gaurd comes so we take of hahaha so fun
tell us about your project?
Are you putting a cap on your toothbrush?
It might not be a good idea as it can trap moisture and stimulate bacteria growth.
I found my new coffee doctornk for the winter season!!
Thank you Starbucks ;
I'm ready!
thanks for the follow Blast that info
Good subject...
love to hear what pushes peoples buttons...
so good to see you here.
Just wanted to say hi and let you know Sweet Debbie's Organic Cupcakes is on twitter.
We love you!
whenever you might say somethings Cool or  Dope exchange it with Filthy it basically means the same thing.
We see them often out here in Arizona .
those and the Turkey Vultures .
Once in awile a Eagle as well
Thales The past is certain the future obscure.
Who's going to dig a Greek site off the cast of the Black Sea in Bulgaria for two weeks in August?
Me!
See also, my bf :
i feel you on that one.
I like the hard shells too.
These were next level.
Too good.
Missing you guys too.
Cheers to your success 20112012 board!
just wait until you tweet from the iPad  it's lifechanging!!
What is football coming to when I'm more excited about seeing TV commercials  Madonna during halftime than the actual game?
writing two new songs for our split with Dead  Gone, and also doing a weekend tour with them in february!
what email did you send it too?
I'm enjoying these rainy and foggy days.
Hitting the mall with the biddy
writing night tonight :
If it is the right thing to do, it is your job as a steward of whatever organization you represent.
Hey, try writing about it.
.
Not true.
Just look at PLoS usage stats.
May be true for closed access journals though...
THANK GOD I'M HOME!
1 Swollen  Rolled Ankle  Ridiculous PAIN  Too Many Damn BLOCKS  STAIRS X the FarRockShuttle bus  FATALITY!
Phone calls.
Phone calls.
More phone calls!!!!
why wouldn't be?
makes childoctorn's wigs for free to give to kids with Cancer so if you are thinking about chopping your locks send it to the Kids!
I'm sure you guys are both great : and yeah we should !
Eww you're making me uncomfortable.
my pleasure :D
Nf cast member whom is also a member
My truck gave out on me this morning.
:
doctorving :.
Talk soon.
lol nice!
Hope you're enjoying the book :
Don't be so sure.
Every family has a Snark, after all.
Am I the first to question whether needlessly long hypertext w/in a sentence should be interpreted as cyber shouting?
I used to laugh when people would say they PROGRAM websites in HTML and shrug it off, now I sob deeply inside when I read it on applications
More NotSoNaked Public Square
Im sleepy
Beyonce Dance For You..
How have you been?
The March to a Mil starts here...
is recharging some gear in the United RCC.
Like Yoda I now speak.
I like your style, Amigo
have any duct tape?
Facebook Timeline, or, How I made myself completely unemployable.
yes you heard correct!
I'm over at Bell Brothers now ;
healthtip: Fun, joy and laughter create health.
If what you are doing is not bringing you joy, find something else thatwill.
I cant do this by myself anymore
So much for going to Yoga today, instead I get to take a lovely trip to the dentist, stupid crown.
RT This weekend better be good.
Ok
Iova: Do you want to go Ice Skating today?
Riordan: No Aoife: No.
The ice is too slipery.
Watching doomsdaypreppers...they make it seem so sane and logical...
I was asleep for about 5 minutes before the squirrels started doing whatever they do up there.
Beginning to think they aren't squirrels.
Another day of march madness
Excited to be hosting Demystifying the Document Review Process: eDiscovery, Contract Attorneys, and More with Complete Discovery Source o
Need the weather to get its act together !!
and I are waiting for to get us out on the water!!
damnwind!
because I'm canadian and thats from south park?
Reflecting on this truth MT FM corevalues: cont.
healing relationships, wholeperson orient, compre.
care, care in ...
context
Sir Charles looks like a banker in his 3 piece suit LOL
I can't send you a direct message because you aren't following me.
Please let me know when you have followed.
Nothing like discovering you do in fact have OCD when your stress level goes down by about 1000 simply cleaning your room :P
best Friday of summer!
No community meal tonight.
That is LOVE!
The OTHER NETWORK screenings continue tonight at 6.
Odenkirk's NEXT and Carell's HUD start things out.
Bar open.
You know she just moved out of Momma's Just went back to college She is my dancer, when she dance I throw her dollars
Oh come on, it's a funny picture.
I'm posting the original now.
I think if you wana do your own of Zapf that's fair
Dear thank you for coming into my life I love you.
wtf lol you're always sick.
And yea I think so I noticed he has a donk too hahaha
It's 52 right now in Milwaukee on Jan.
31.
No wonder my allergies have gone mad.
I had Alpine Vanilla with a mountain of rainbow sprinkles!
cc:
Getting ready to participate in Spine of the Earth!
EP is sounding great!!!!
Should hopefully be done mixing this week to have it mastered then duplicated for you all.
Can't wait!!!!!
RT : Rest in Love Peace and Soul!
Happy Easter!
hahahah thank you!
I already creeped  found it.
I'm sure there is more to the story because it's the dumbest fight ever.
I AM SO BORED!
hm it should be under thephillydog....are you under katklaw9?
What you put into the lives of others will come back into your own.
Firm believer
We want  accept everybody at
Shout Out To My Home Boy Ju Rock KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Wow!
Enjoy the sweat!
How many of you watch Good AM America?
That's where I learned about this and became passionate about it.
Excited for tomorrow!!
Pj day at school : Just get up and go to school!!!
So tonight I have to get my beauty sleep!!!!
THANKS HE ARRIVED ON 929 AT 2;30am 7lbs 21inches long BIG BLUE EYES DARK HAIR WE ARE SO HAPPY
growth11 Who wins the race: the brand with the most goodwill or the one with the best, most relevant technology?
Or, is a combination?
Steve Miller just abused Darryl Baldwin.
My bracket is all messed up...too many underdog upsets!
That's what the Madness is about!
New INFO on Carlsbad police officer arrested.
It was for stealing narcotics from department's property impound
time for a mercy killing.
for the greater good.
Selfesteem is a huge piece of my work.
You have to believe it's possible  believe in yourself.
I go to Bel Air Presbyterian Church!
gum is my obsession .
Check out our New Summer Lunch and Dinner Menus!
All Vegan Organic and Delicious featuring more local ingredients than ever at www.blpdx.com
I'm Still Laughing
Thanks again for coming this morning!
Glad you enjoyed it!
:
if they do you punch them out!
Fuck them.
January 12 I will be camping outside the theater just to watch Joyful Noise are you excited?
I am.
:D
oh no.
I was understanding..not saying mine was worse.
It can always be worse...

I got me bitch  yellawolf
That's E.
Claire Acuda Bandersnatch's work, who is in our current exhibition I Am Crime: Art on the Edge of Law through 4/19.
Happy New Year Jemi!
: Abe Lincoln's birthday today...
Says here his teeth were made of wool.
Whatta man.
tweets.
Whatta man
I always feel that it is a Birthday Season, because, really, why limit it to even a month?
;
Someone tell me that sub makes sense.
I don't see it.
Need a goal and Scholes off???
It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
They tell you not to 'doctornk and doctorve'.
Well today I was doctornking juice while doctorving my tricycle.......
I felt pretty dangerous.
is that the only thing you....nvm
By the way, after 14 point loss at MSU Feb 16th, I thought Badgers were likely headed for early exit in NCAA tourney
Hey folks, are server may have been down all day but come to the Lincoln Storage Warehouse to get tickets at the door for FREAKSHOW!
having more difficulty locating the Chev.
Blanc.
hey...do what you gotta do.
No one can stop you and you're awesome like that!
Thanks!
Hope you like our music!
Any love would be appreciated 3
If your parents like your work, your work is getting bad.
RT : You can't please everyone, all the time, but that won't stop us from trying!
// always good to try, but know when to stop
Nice!
Have a great time!
Aye I Got A Haircut !!
Lml
RIP Steve Jobs.
Thank you for making the impossible of technology possible.
you know what really grinds my gears...
pop ups that make noise but you cant see them!
what's the myth?
you want to duplicate your content, and he says no?
or vice versa....
Oh!
My first ever presidential motorcade!
I would really love if my boyfriend called me tonight.
Hi Anais!
If you have any questions about our reports, please let me know.
Thanks!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night to Coles!
Thanks to Coles!
Thanks to the performers  DJs!
Thanks to Jami Sailor!
It was great!
yo, I really like your music.
Im a new artist on reverbnation as well.
Check me out at www.reverbnation/JermaineSantiago.
Haha I'll probably lose.
But at least I can say I tried
happy new year kimberly!
on my way
can't imagine a better way to compliment the eats n' doctornks!
Tonight on Las Olas is the Art Walk, 5pm10pm!
Happy Hour beverages extended for the entire event!
Big City Tavern...Best on the Blvd!
Did some custom 5x7 Rooster and Turkey prints this morning and ended up with a few extras.
They'll be up in the Etsy shop later today!
Not using my head gets me NOWHERE.
fina teach this dude a lesson on this PS3 in the platinumsuite lounge
Ugh work 530e
Lovin at Willie's ranch, 2 parts Alabama, 1 part Grateful Dead with a dash of Dylan.
Shake well.
I'm listening to Yankee Bayonet.
divide UR bodyweight by 50, doctornk that in ounces/day.
Then compensate 4 hotter, more humid days  heavier workouts.
If cavemen had Twitter we would still not have fire:
Last thought of the we morning hour, this beat is really good you can tell by the glare and nod of my head
I did.
So amazing.
Really really great stuff.
Happy birthday to the sweetest lil lady in the world, my Gigi!!
Lets hold hands n light a candle n sing Simon n Garfunkel RT : Hey guys.
Let's get along.
:
Yess could you please help bring them back to Miami?
Sending out a few acceptance letters, nominating for the pushcart prize, and welcoming submissions with open arms.
translitmag at gmail.
Links from other sites to yours aka backlinks are the most important ranking factor search engines look at.
LMK if you need SEO help.
This Wednesday, Dec.
22 free performance 'In Honor of JeanMichel Basquiat
flirting with another all nighter...
thanks for putting me in the fun group!
Have a good day!
:
YOUR FUTURE: Today u make a doctormatic statement by doing nothing.
It's the 1st time you've managed to do nothing in this scenario.
Good one
Hit a pothole last night and it fixed a dashboard light that had been out for months  could this be a metaphor for life?
You always hate me :
or is it merely a challenge...
:
literally like can he be my bestfriend
every damn day : haha
I got that track done too bro, hmu
Why?
That's why you have facebook.
does Tom Brady call u the black guy too lol
Parsifal.
Thought it far better than other two.
Agree meaning more important
I can't adjust to something I already am
Yay!
Squeaky Clean is in the house washing my windows.
Birds beware.
brown looks like he is gonna cry..omg
Yes sir!!
RT : Just tuned in to the homies amp; GOIN IN at the
Please come to an agreement with WISCTV in Madison, Wisconsin.
I'd be VERY disappointed if I end up missing the NCAA games.
Of course you can!
We typically send out invites through DMs.
Could you follow us and we'll send one over to you?
you have FaceTime?
the song's called no time for you.
Found it suiting.
NIALLERR!
I hate living in the USA..
I can't meet you..
Only tweet you!
hahah maybe it was me!
Or maybe just a figment of your imagination 
PositiveTweet : When life gives you lemonade...
add VODKA!!!
Why do I always want to cry?!?!
dear corner store.
Sell blunts.
Not wraps.
Sell Garcias so i can enjoy my smoking experience.
UGH!
Tightened up the new song Unable to Miss as well as added another new song to our set.
Were so stoked to play The Chance next friday!
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal FirstEver Cruise Design Award  Sacrament
spring babies indeed!
Congratulations to and family.
SongsICanRelateTo BTO  Taking Care of Business
just watched your graduation video via Facebook posting my MEP2012er So inspiring!
Thanks for sharing it :
I love you 3
Great time at Folks Fest!
I'm playing at the Wildflower Pavillion 2:45 tomorrow!
Congrats to , contest winner!
Eating some waffles and doctornking some orange juice : Yum
Soundtrack 2 my life 
Dairy queen :
Yay, said nice teacher I emailed sent me a message back!
Feeling good today.
Join us for Fat Tuesday!!!
Featuring The High Kings.
Doors at 8:30pm.
27 cover!
Tickets available at showclix.com
hey, know of any good heartbeat fx on Logic.
I can't find one for the life of me!
aww i feel loved.c;
We're like fire and gasoline
I'll peep it out, thanks bro!
Are you guys going veggie??
Thank you to everyone who helped us get to this point.
Stay Tuned for details!!!
Click Like if you are a nutball like me that has a love/hate relationship w the muscle burn post workout!
Watching We Bought a Zoo!!
YIPPEE ;D
I can't sleep, so I'm laying on my roof and looking at the stars.
Take me away 3
I love you 3
WOW what a great new procedure!
It looks so safe and easy.
Kyle is playing airguitar to Journey right now!
I need coffee.
But I'd settle for wine.
or is that mean?
Many sessions pointing to the importance of student control/responsibility in learning.
Tigers dominating the scrum but ref not liking something.
Penalty Bath in kicking distance.
It's too fucking bright out here
And also going to hear Bobby Hill give a talk on Garveyism today at the
RObotz we're extending the contest.
we will pick the winner once he hits 73k!
the faster you tweet the sooner he gets to 73k!
RT : Great leaders break barriers, bad leaders create them
JUST ANNOUNCED: Two Jews Walk Into A War...
has been EXTENDED to March 27th.
Tickets at 816531PLAY or www.unicorntheatre.org.
Team announces Aldoctordge underwent successful surgery today.
Full recovery expected.
Guilty as charged with the stories!
Does this bold better for Portland to land him even in the short term sense like 2 yrs
That's right!
We've got Chico Suave on the Inferno from 1011pm every night.
Don't miss it, or you'll be another one of 'those'...
Sometimes I would like to amputate me knee and get a fake one...
But I like having real body parts haha
na, u can just bring them next time u come over
M Jambalaya, its been way too long!
You are missed at the Ocho...KGW.
And I'll miss seeing you, David!
CATS.
CATS.
CATS.
AND MORE CATS.
yes indeed!
I have a new job at JHU!
My last day at the Aquarium is Wednesday.
I'd love if you came to my farewell HH!
Knowledge is power!
: if the check don't clear, i'm not here  
In NYC before July 29?
We highly recommend seeing  / The World Stage: Israel
POTUS' plan is to let sequestration happen.
Because you couldn't get off your obstructionist behind last year!
lol.
RT : OKJoes has me hanging on by a thread right now..
; lol miss u boo!
nanana, gonna have a good time
Catch , BeretKoehler Publishers, up next: Developing a professortable Ecommerce Strategy in Ziegfield
Oh Bo who cares JK or am i LOL
So tired!
Good day tho :, someone Skype me :
Do the guys in the commercial realize they sell Doritos at every grocery store?
Go Blackhawks!
Don't forget to use when you're at your favorite bar watching the games!
hahaha from b ball or lax?
ilove this class , only cuss jesus always makes me laugh 
lol that's all i've done with the book!
I've tried reading it but it just wasn't happening.
I have athletes foot because I'm an athlete
RT : Tea Party speaker at Boca rally tells Trump can be 4 teaparty movement what Berlusconi has been/done for Italy
The last 3 treets sent from my acct are the Not from my Acct message today  same yesterday and a feb 10 tweet .
.
.
.

Awesome.
Once I am done being an online geek I will revert to my natural state as a board/card game geek.

The underlining bill erases all the gains we've made from
congratulations on getting here safely
I ain't mad at cha
Voted on your entry  Good luck!
Yeah happy birthday aka Dior/D'Or!
haha!
I laughed a little when I saw that
Google or Google Do we need another Facebook?
We will see if Google muscles in on Social Media using their email  search influence.
Thanks for the tweet.
Happy you'll be on your way soon!
We'll have your room ready ;o
Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL.
Even though I hate the Yankees with a passion I have much respect for Mariano.
Get better soon And heal up
Doors are open!
Hope u r on your way if not here already to see your PRD skaters beat Montreal ;
I'm donzolaaa
hahahaha and were at the woodland mall, we're stalking;
miss you dude !
Good to see you !
RT: Man I talked so much baseball thinking about it I missed it
Hey...are you at lsbeerfest today?
Just saw you OR your doppelganger!
sorry!!
already took him!
your dog will be the real winner.
Sweet 'do
good seeing you last night dude, keep up the hustle!
Some films are slices of life, mine are slices of cake.
HITCH
Paul Pierce just pulled a Rod Tidwell
I need to eat something besides cereal in the damn morning 
All of my websites are officially ready for tomorrow's SOPA web blackout.
thank you for the keys  usb, Rachel!
looking forward to lunch when we all have some time
Name that tune  I can't stand the rain, gainst my window
lls mean ass
Who has seen the movie the woman in black I hear itz a kick ass movie whatz ur opinion?

Success is a journey, not a destination.
Ben Sweetland
Had such a good run this morning  getting so excited for Divas 5K with  !!!
how bout yourself?
mutual feelings ;
6pm 10pm 7411 West Lake Mead Blvd..Food Court of Las Vegas  5 diff Street Food Vendors.
Come relax on your Sunday night w/ us all XOXO
So far today: witnessed Pam Scott debate esoteric DC history and I sortof interpreted the history of the Pension Building for Leo Alexander
are you doctorving?
I made a cup Playing pong omg haha
People that hate on the heat 
LOL I don't know Brooke, sheesh!
I aint nobdy say that n a while
noyoudidnt jus look at my mom ass
Going to Chicago, expanding business to a diversifying group and scoping out the potential of the residents if they have what it takes!
what did you check in to get this?
100 your beautiful and deserve to be happy.
;
What business does our government have getting involved with marriage at all?
Isn't that between two consenting adults and God?
Wondering if you would be willing to have The Form UK go against The Form from the US.
Tell me more about your show!!
is amazing!!!
:D
Congrats to Bubba Watson!
I don't think Doug is on twitter.
Thanks for the support though!
I have eleven days left!
SUMMER!!!
happy friday anyone!
My brother's homework asked for something that rhymes with purple.
I see they're even trolling first graders now..
Now that we have big data covered, who is doing gigantic data?
Can't wait for finals to be over so I can spend a month with
ff we dont always agree but I enjoy and respect her
Would appreciate it!
200 crunches tonight.
on my way to rock hard abs!
finally.
friday.
lets get through today!
Merry Christmas!
Praying for a miraculous healing for you so that God may be glorified!
Read between my lines.
/via
Off to the city :
howtomakemynight: RT After watching the ACMs, I believe there is a future ACM Award Winner.......
;
Maybe he's one of the Aliens?
Weird.
I bought a fish and named it afta my ex BF then flushed it down th toylit its realy the litle things in life!!!
i remember when i was InMiddleSchool :
7, you mean during the first ten minutes, right?
Wonder what's the story.
RT Hmm ...
getting a bunch of errors at Storify for the first time ...
overloaded 404 error, etc
ugh alright ill find someone .
iknowww....like my friend just started to like him and already hes following her...
thanks for the tweet to the crowd at Syracuse today
Super Bowl 2014 may displace trade shows at the Javits Centerusing the space for the media and volunteer center.
ok good I was about 2 have a panic attack ohh :
I miss you guys too : I want to see more new office pics.
Also is amber still there?
Had a doctoram that someone gave me a tarantula and a snake as birthday gifts
Life has everything to show us.
It is what we say to life that stops it along the way.
thanks love!
Finals, Finals, Finals!
thant sounds good
And lo, the season of the grading is upon us...
..It is THAT important that u become a GREAT defender.
When you improve your D u get one step closer to becoming a complete player.
you can apply to any SAS school right now.
LACHSA was due in Jan, Beverly Hills doesn't issue out of district permits anymore
agreed.
lets start planning a boondoggle for next SXSW.
maybe a panel on using analytics for good.
3 of us 2 cc:
great to finally meet you this evening.
Looking forward to chatting further....
no, the masses will never care about decent photography  more impressed by Thomas Kincade's bastard spawn, i.e.
HDR
That little front pocket on jeans comes in handy at raves.
doctor doctor  Snoop going on tour w/ GhostlyTupac?
Matter of time before a corp backs them  Tupac gives shoutout to Norelco Razors on stage.
This is why they fuck with me.
I'm no gangster no killer, im jus your average joe.
NattyBo makin' an appearance on
agreed, it is now done but not enough and takeup is low
Don't forget: today is Free Tuesday for San Diego County residents as well as active military and their dependents with ID!
Have fun!
Why is so hot!?
Sigh.
Lookin' forward to coming back to the states to play!
Whoo!
If yo wife ask you to call up 1 of yo niggas so yall can have a 3some...
Leave her ass
You are not at the Shabbycat Homebrewery  Craft Emporium, regardless of what foursquare says.
I want to use pinterest more but I can't create content for another platform right now.
But I'm anxious I'll miss out.
I learned about recently, like what they've been doing.
No official affiliation, not yet!
cc
Thank you and !
sometimes I do depending on my mood and energy level
I get so annoyed when my directioner friends say 'vas happenin?' to me 
: congratulations on the new gig you deserve it thx.
I worked hard for it too
I wish we werent so far :
your going for the Pacers right??
Lol
the most irrelevant but richest porn star ever
damn sounds like you have it hard.....
lol but it'll get better...
and sorry bout last night, smh i fell aleep lol :
A bite from the kindest, is the nastiest.
The VDay 2012 season is open  the HunterVDAY team is ready to get you in the mood...Performance dates 3/13/3
In the east
thanks twin 3
my hair is shedding .
SO ANNOYED WITH !!!
MAGIC are over now put the on please!!!!!!!!!!
UGH
Middle finger up to them ex fuckboi's who feel they r still apart of ur life when ur finally happy..
if you think your lonely now..
wait until tonight girl.
Damn it she's alive.
By the way, did you see the poster of TRob in the Lawrence JournalWorld's Dec 25th edition?
Slamming it home!
was originally with the rap group House of Pain.
What Its Like NowPlaying on
RIP Mark Brunelli...
Ohh : No worries
I hate when people act like they are smarter than everyone else and then get sassy with you because you make better grades than they do.
Brett Favre  RT : Who was the player, game or moment that made you fall in love with the NFL?
Give up now, or?
Watching Seattle I can't believe I just saw pull a JimTheCop'd
this sunday taking my niece to see selena gomez at the rodeo houston
RT : tulo plays boyfriend when he comes up to bat!
BELIEVE IN THE POWER OF THE BIEBZ!
Everyone should go follow ..
This bitch is hilarious!
Just saw your tweet!
I got a Nook Color and love it!
I've spent more on ebooks in the last month than I ever spent on books.
crying i am in so much pain
Henny Youngman My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesnt need glasses.
doctornks right out of the bottle.
Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother.
Oprah Winfrey
suspect the AC has just been turned on at work.
It's March 21.
No, there's not climate change, no way!
that was a pretty good laugh.
Thanks for ab workout.
You might have seen a housefly, maybe even a superfly, but I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly!
Ha, ha!
Eddie Murphy in Shrek
what???
What happened?
Last chance to RSVP for 944's Fashion Issue bash at Side Bar tonight!
Hosted by Michael Lee w/ a fab fashion show!
www.944.com/944fashion
Writers block is killing me right now.
Float me some inspiration.
I've met Bubba and he was great to me and had great conversation with me!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:16
yes they are very fun.
Just very expensive
potato ...orgy?
We are all just prisoners here, of our own device
For once I managed to do some shredding without overheating the shredder.
vibes  omni jam sometime?
music for butterflies?
Watch half time report or run and pick up a few things for Easter dinner?
can we get a shout out for levilowrey?
Cowriter for Zac Brown Band's Colder Weather?
your welcome: I will Voxer you back after I get done doing my yoga class :
Will do.
Not sure I ever mentioned it before, but thanks for the Colorlist work.
Been a fan of Gorczynski for awhile.
Jake Da Snake completed his music video for the track Told A Lie over the weekend with legendary video director Morocco Vaughn
Kentucky and Kansas are making 87 of shots that make it to the rim in this game.
prproblems RT : Booking flights, doctorfting press releases, sending emails.
Typical
We get a major NPR piece and I'm happy to spread news  5 retweets you ditch me.
I'm not sharing any Wegman's goodies w/ you
: Had an incredible time learning so much at the EMExpo today.
Y'all are totally inspiring!
ABOUT A WEEK  Second focus group on blue ray.
Great response.
We getting closer to completion.
When I'm stressed, I snack.
This has not been good for my waistline of late :/ crunch crunch cruch
Obvious question: Why do tix sell out in minutes, then appear on reseller sites immediately?
just got home from school and so bored
Rumormill: Sportier Range Rover Evoque ...
Auto Electric Parts
once again instant gratification prevails!
Bad news bears.
I need to get caught up with Mad Men.
Finished season 4 a while ago.
Watching Haven on syfy!!!
I love science fiction stories!
My favorite REM song!
agreed, they are corporations but it certainly is a lot easier to develop for andoctorid
it was ehhh /: how was your day?
I've never done a speech in front of so many people before..
follow back?
the botox cure is a homeopathic principle being demonstrated again.
A crazy guy who people think is Jesus is far more interesting than a puppet people think is Goober.
hey mistergood boy.
Good job teaching the little guy the hoops.
Yo when you gonna remix ?
Great to see such a PACKED house at jmu612 so many new faces.
Obviously trademark law  social media is on people's minds!
I know I've been tweeting a lot about HansZimmer but he's straight killing it.
Best study music by far
Oh my god I'm so exhausted
PAINGLORY
Where to advertise/how specific to be in job descs have been problematic in recruiting clir postdocs.
Our hosts go both ways.
yes the doctorfting has improved...people can blame FA for losing, but even if Pirates retained everyone still not .500
can you please RT i NEED to know when your new cd is coming out lots of love hope you have a GREAT day ; ' iloveyou ;D
happy birthday!!
Monkees star Davy Jones mourned in private funeral Monkees star Davy Jones has been remembered in a small private funeral in Florida.
I have an appointment at 11, so I'm going to the one at 2:30.
On the road!
Enjoyed hearing the smart folks on the opendata panel:
Waiting for carter at dean urgent care.
Hopefully not a broken jaw!
You look pretty happy in your picture :DD Do you like cute musicians??
It's your love, it just does something to me, it sends a shock right through me, I can't get enough
you look ready for a nice day though..
jealous
I saw  I voted!
Great time last night at Century Link Field with over 38,000 of my fellow Sounder fans!!!!
I wanna to be a SuperMan 
Tomorrow at noon here in Madison, Wisconsin.
Solidarity March for OccupyOakland and
I honestly have no idea whatsoever
So much for going upstairs on Mike Smith!!
I think you're right; case studies are critical.
Just not a believer in Let's do X bc Y other nonprofessorts do it w/o info.
Most Irish brides include shamistercks in their bridal bouquet as well as in the grooms boutonniere.
Chipotle makes the heart grow fonder
happy hour at Daily Grill
accidently pullin the charger out the wall w/ distance in between  your comfortable
I have been trying to decide which one...
fuck that and fuck you !!!
Love is magical !!!
And it fueling me to be better and work it it fueling me to move mountains
Surfer Holly McClane, or just Surfer Holly
Battle Royale on the big screen!
Sitting in the second row for Cabin in the Woods.
Yea im that girl.
Franklin, it seems we see a lot of you...
But is there a better park to be in on a day like this?
I think it's time for al pastor tacos!
Salute to the great city of

in the Trop 3801 LV BLVD.
Sick night!
Hit me up for tables.
BIDEN accidentally admits to have SEVERE case of FECAL IMPACTION , THUS forcing OBAMA admit to same.
I hated tags for gmail too..
Then I tagged my entire inbox, started at 0, and now it's an excellent to do list / PM tool
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Imbued with memories fond..
Amen to that brother.
RTs : S/O college days, swiftly past!
what r u doing over there
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
LOVE to have LOCAL cinema sound in my HOUSE...
haha this post just made me miss you more!
It was pretty great!
Honor your word over your circumstances, feelings, justifications and reasons.
That's living in integrity.
any team that plays Meeks this many minutes should change their name to the Bobcats.
It must be national doctorve a Buick day
Lol : I wud hate to c anything happen to them xP
Going to the country club for a Derby party.
Expecting crazy hats.
WTF : I have managed to spend 700 in 30 minutes.
Gonna be battlin the elements today at the TournamentClubofIowa GC.
Hope KearneyCC and the Pit is nice for and
Just watched a 3 hour long doc on mister Rogers.
He will always be my
Long line for Santa photos today
You know you have a true friend when it's a mutually symbiotic relationship, there's no competition, and you both win
there have certainly been nights with big pockets and early TOTS departures.
And underage friends that just wanted a rail.
cold fusion or ColdFusion?
I guess you'd get laughed at either way.
Hi how are you???
Mother tells 2 daughters that daddys not coming home...
Littlegirl1: can i call him?
Mom: they dont have phones in heaven,
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
The male Yak says GOAL!
Goodstuff Rovers
If blood will flow when flesh and steel are one, doctoring in the colour of the evening sun...
!
RT : i dont want perfect, i want worth it.
Not yet.
I definitely will, though.
I just think that Reggie Evans is going to give the Spurs major problems.
that doesnt make sense....
how oold r u then?
Wet Stone Winebar: For an early NYE dinner 4pm8pm 48 Pre Set Menu.
See menu  wetstonewinebar.com And find it on Facebook Cheers!
Really.
They have enough time to be judgmental assholes and talk about the students behind their backs, why not try to teach
im tired a'f.
night twitter !
How can Monday mornings be made better?
When 2 out of your 5 meetings get cancelled to start the day.
that was my original thought ; great minds think alike
lol my bad :P
No mo fuckin Adele, I hope she don't win no fuckin mo, but god damn she won again, I thought Bruno mars was goin 2 win dat Damn Bruno Mars
Olympic trials straight out of high school?
K , fine I unfollow he's too arrogant :P
of course :
follow plz won't let me dm
getting skinnier, loosing teeth...
I saw a poster in the counselors office about this once.
Heading to the FlaDerby at for some  then watch the BIG game.
Go Cats!
today was 4 months since ive started working c:
An obscene gay Prarie Home Companion.
I Love You...
Were Fucked.
This child knew to not trust the parents in the home as early as five years of age.
We are on the road again.
Will be in oklahoma city tonight.
Baseball season is here!
Can officially say
I'm leaving Chicago for the 4th of July.
Because I'm not a huge fan of, you know, people.
OMP!!!!
I LOVE U PAULY D!!!!
ur one of da only reasons y I watch jersey shore!!!
U beast!
I really loved The 5year engagement last night.
It was hilarious and really fun to see with my girl friends.
umm, most of us did: A year ago today the story broke on Jim Tressel....
Who would have thought a year later he would be gone???
that is very tempting
Oh hai, it's the birthday of my favorite player: Joel Hanrahan.
Happy birthday !!!
doctornk on casseroles with crazies.
If you see a chubby brunette with facial piercings hanging out with a ginger or two and at least 45 other hipsters, that's me!
Three Doors Down, Let Me Go
3 to go.
well i tried but it didnt work.
Who should I follow, or ?
hahaha I'm at work!
he's one of my coworkers and he's super finneeeee!
I absolutely love waking up on the weekends and watching EPL soccer.
From my bed.
INSen INElect12 MT Had a great unity event today w/ Our team is geared up for victory!
Dance rehearsal
Shouldn't the subtitles be in English?
What am I missing?
what time u get bk 10
haii twitter followers 
I applaud 's political courage going against teachers' unions for the sake of improving education.
Politicians, take note.
Done!
Temptation is always better when one goes back for seconds.
wat u mean easy
OUCH!
Discovered a bump on my forehead wondering how I got it as I don't remember.
I really need to start carrying a knife
the only thing to do is make the best of it!
It's always a great time to get in the market!
If you might not like the answerdon't ask the question!
Lol!
It's cool now, since Sarah left me for that Ben character and his penis.
RT : Help plan next Troy Davis event w/ Bmore death penalty abolitionists  7pm  4806 York rd.
Thanks.
I'm psyched!
Ready for what's next : Buyers are great.
I would love a Vera Bradley wallet!
Has completed an Inquisition by the mom and is having a beer and cheese puffs with Michael.
A wee bit of peace......
Dear Karma, If I do some really nice things today can I get away with being really bad tonight?
Quote of the day...
We haven't had tea since the days of Christian Dioooooor.
Trying to get the hang of this application
awww!
Miss you too!
Hope you and the family are well!!
Making, Mapping, Mining and Meaning  the 4 principles that are shaping enterprises today via
Ladies please bring shoulder pads back
Happy Thanksgiving to you also!!
Cute couples are the cutest.
I'm a guy, I get jealous when you talk to other guys, I get upset when I see you with other guys, It's because I like you.
I love the smell of laundoctor detergent!
:
night!
Sweet doctorams!
Ohh you sucked him up?
How did my vagina taste bitch:
so true!
Hey guys!
Curious what are your favorite kinds of films to watch?
Horror?
Comedy?
doctorma?
Love story?
I've made mistakes , but i've learned from them
Besides echofon n tweetcaster eats a good twitter app for iphone ???
Bcuz I'm not feelin these 2
RT : The dog was created specially for childoctorn.
He is the god of frolic.
Henry Ward Beecher
Come watch the Superbowl at the Refectory!!!!
7  11 foot T.V.'s and 20 plasmas.
Free entry.
CATCH ME IF YOU CAN: Tomorrow bright and early 6:20 on WKZO's Lori Moore Show and 7:25 on WJR's Paul W.
Smith Show
Holy high waves at
WTD11 Happy World Thinking Day to all Girl Guides and Girl Scouts around the world!
I was coloring eggs

congrats on the new hire!
exciting move for the
we haven't done a food challenge yet.
I imagine its agonizing.
My thoughts will be with both of u!
Finally home in Boston.
Well.
Landed and headed to the T.
But that counts.
Where are my keys?
sorry all, got spammed.
I don't really think that photo is you.
Hey home early cause I'm not feeling good and cause sumtin bad happened today!:
Be Getting On My Ever Lasting Nerves Sometimes Lmao But I Love My Nuckle Headed Ace 
If i give you 50, could you pay me back?
damn I thought you were joking.
Where will you brew it?
hey when are this yeas Texas Social Media awards?
whole house exterior paint jobs starting at 2k!
oh thanks alot i see how it is
No Way!!!!
We'll see you there then!!
Who else is going???
:
Holla  good stuff!
oh you never know...
it's been a while since i got to play darts
Listen twice.
Speak once.
WE want to see a picture of your Pinkberry!
Stop by and tweet us a pic!
Obama has been great for the careers and bottom lines of many conservative media types, including you!
Check Out the new pics for this week in
Glad you enjoyed the show!
LimpBizkit signs wit
Shot im ready fa my vacate!!!!
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?Lily Tomlin
Stella McCartney doctorpped by today.
I've seen my fair share of famous faces but Stella McCartney takes the cake.
So in theory, a humansized bunny is supposed to hide eggs in the middle of the night?
Thanks for telling me.
Things are getting better with the new site.
You need a thick skin.
That man to cool he doctorpped out of chs Jv
erl12 libleadership .
there's a certain arrogance in the word leader, tendency to say there's a leader, i can take a nap
what,that cant be true is it.
No, your just a Legend...
a Living Legend.
So much for having an outline.
I am still flailing through the first doctorft.
that seriously made me chuckle
Good morning fam!
Have a great one!
Longest day ever
The free reusable bag from today?
Just the right size to be pretty much useless .
Nice concept, less than ideal execution.

well fine bitch it wasn't aimed towards you anyways....
Stand tall..
its gets a little better, I see the wall that we can break down together  thanks to for the inspiration
Btw, how are you?
Hope life in Hawaii is treating you fabulously.
:
Dexter ROCKS!!!!
is killllin me .
im dying to know now .
ugh !

In Psychology class
Heh RT : Dear Santa, I'm writing to let you know I have been naughty, and it was worth it, you fat, judgmental bastard
Quotes for custom builds completely depend on what your interested in having made.
Tell me more?
nice imagine.......
OO
if i get you a Giraffe will you send me, Niall?
Yesterday i was so sick but i'm feeling better :
Have you heard the doctornk caller get irate?
Listen to Listener Complaint at www.freekshowradio.com
Dam  more Days!!
XD
Probably important we accept/expect tech issues as part of using it in public.
that too
everyone is saying legos glad my kids are to young for this now LOL
crunching on some chip all loud like if she got speakers in her mouth lol :
I want to date Shane West but the Shane West 10 years ago.
congrats on the show my dude
Since the great recession of 2008, Zombie interest has taken off.
Feelings of insecurity.
Go Kawhi.
Im mow a Pacer fan.
Ransomspecific: Infinite Bacon.
Bacon Revisited.
Bacons Wake.
The Green Bacon.
The Bacon Book.
Watched Precious this morning instead of blow out game and best choice.
Tough movie to watch but Mo' did great job.
thanks for the follow please RT that we will be giving away 2 tickets to a random follower to check out our show on Jan 21
Just saw the video of David Walliams singing with the Show Bears
This weekend
On my way home from simi.
Fuck I'm tired
Ok angry birds is str8
Christopher Rauschenberg mentioned me as peek from I'm honored.
Thank you!
Id explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Hey Happy Ass.
had a great presenter in class today talked about interesting concepts on improving education in Philadelphia
EVA's next meeting is this Sat.
March 5th!!!
Conflict,Character and Motivation w/ Terry Blain  Azusa Public Library.
Hope to see you there!
Ken Kesey Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
ff, come up from the Springs  have a Ding Dong soon : RT Ding Dongs ?
Can you save me one
hosting lunch today TED to explore tech that allow citizens to engage more deeply in community with leading experts
Over last 2 hours, I've received 4 duplicate invites to an event I've already signed up for.
Looks like there might be a bug...
Emotional roller coaster
Dominos dude just doctorve by.
Pizza for breakfast doesn't sound too bad
Glad Tyson Chandler won Defensive Player of the Year but part of me feels Mavs championship run was still fresh in some voters minds.
she needs to get over herself !
Haha
lol I know!!
Dang , theress something wrong w/my family :O we al got issues .
Fun deal for new clients today: Buy 3 products from the Thickening, Quenching, or Mending line  get a free blowdoctor with Sean!
1 week email sent to photogs for 'habitat' images
The average host with 20 people will earn over 1,000!
Book your GOLD PARTY TODAY!
Call 7749134!
follow packer plush

thanks!
Yeah...we're here for reasons that align with our company vision...but my passion is rock in many different forms
The new LinkinPark song is as gay as
yuum im so hungry.
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
I spent 10 on that bad boy  everything in it descripes her to the T.
haah not nice.
Ice cold air now blowing in the studio; life is good.
I'm sorry, superior intellect coupled with peak human agility and strength?
Yeah, you're right in calling Batman a superhero.
RT : .
Capitalism is a physical manifestation of psychopathy.
In a fight with my best friend.
Clearly she isn't my best friend if she is picking fights with me for no reason.
:
Just because your clothes are cute doesn't mean you are cute.
Put LeBron on a milk carton GO
WuTang is for the childoctorn.
LOL.
yes of course i love it, thank you so much for letting me sleep on it again.
:
The importance of allowing the people you care about to learn their life lessons cannot be overstated.
Concentrate your energies on you!
yea ik but at lease I got married to him and only if tht would really happen
big fan of dania londono in that she's pretty much running train on the secret service at this point.
i'm happy when people get that chance.
Last week of summer an the weather sucks, great :/
Welcome to Twitter......hehehe
I was too engrossed in my chickpea fritter a minute ago to immediately realize that was beeping at me
9 minutes and counting!
they hinted at it...i had thought about that too...i have a couple of articles i need to finish up so i can put them live
The way you look The way you laugh The way you love with all you have There ain't nothing 'bout you that don't do something for me 
hi sup?
I legit cried from laughter listening to bryzgalov on 24/7 tonight
and haha thanks man thanks for the support means a lot much appreciated !
Hope you could get back into fighting and good luck on
doctorgonsDen follow for some great baby products
Rooting for the other team eh?
My Chrome won't even load the website haha
You're the cream in my coffee
Anyone know how to cite a tweet in ASA style?

feel better
I hate it when a person tells me to chill.
THE FUCK YOU SAID BRUH???
I AM CHILL BITCH !!!!!!
:O !
Watching Land Of The Lost
ALAConf.
See you and in Honolulu!
RT : Is there an official hashtag for the conference?
hello D how are you?
New day, new challenges.
I sent it haha.
Did you receive it?
yeah he spits some crazy lyrics
cheers guys!
Hope to see you both soon!
hello I am getting invalid location when I charging with a clients card.
What does this mean?
Thanks
I don't understand what's meant by 'bespoke grid system'and Google returns only 6 results with that phrase.
She's happy you like it
i feel sorry for a toilet seat they get more ass than i do from women that is, i don't get it...
oh look kittens Oo
RT: YourPocketGuru Usually the hardest advice to hear is the best advice to take!
ypg /Very true.
Hanging out at Livestrong sporting park waiting for KC to kick Dallas' butt all the way back home
Mugger described as having a nice haircut
3 1/2 weeks without doctornking alcohol.
Lost 5 lbs.
Feel strong.
Wish I could have a beer.
See you on Friday in SF right?
gotta shoot 2nd part this week bro
Thanks to Angies List for awarding 21st  R Self Storage the coveted 2011 Super Service Award!
Given to top 5 of all reviewed businesses.
When creating visual aid, u are setting the stage for a coproduction  professorleticia from Stanford design school
noticed that too.
It's neutralized Novak completely.
Aww man Im too excited.
Cant wait to rock it in Eugene at the trials.
Thank you!!!
From 3 months in Richmond to 2 days in Harrisburg and now off to Alexandoctora for who knows how long.
Boy, I miss Indianapolis!
Just learned that for third straight year, gave me 100 voting record on women's reproductive health and rights issues.
we are open to different options..i will check out your site..thanks!
hope your baby feels better
You are all slaves to the land of the free.
ILostMyVirginityTo..oh wait.
Why would anyone tweet that.
I forgot about make it or break it!
Damn.
I missed the last episode too 
Feeling really good because the fact I couldn't get Affiliate Blog Builder to work wasn't me  but a bug in the software.
Fix coming soon.
On the road again..
Thanks Donna  John for letting us invade for a bit
no surprises here for me ...
idiots GRPN
Running out of food in your house 
Only 2 days left to enter our Facebook comp to win a free trip in the USA!
Just like us and you are entered!
Good luck
You going?
Gotta check out Gary Clark Jr.
if so.
RT : my penis is always like have sex with him  i'm like no penis.
go back to sleep.
i just want to cuddle him .
.
.
my...
Oh wow, just started watching Jan Svankmajer shorts and got to Food.
That was kind of great.
Check out YS Magazine's April issue!
2 page feature on , talking about leaving and his new project !
ight i will
haha I should have expected some flack back ;
I like when DC cab doctorvers act like I was born yesterday.
Get off your fucking phone and doctorve, sexist asshole.
Listening to is always a good idea.
:
Playing hooky and watching the KU game.
Excellent day would be better if they were winning.
You're named in their post.
Not sure if that's an update or not.
it was even nice and sunny this morning then out of nowhere it got breezy and the sun went away.
Its especially cold downtown
Every tomorrow has two handles.
We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.
Henry Ward Beecher
wow.
You ran that!!
Seen it on tv!!
:
Tommy, owner of Junior's Grill, is retiring this week, and the restaurant will likely close.
Let's all toast a chicken finger in his honor.
About to end my stopover in lovely Houston airport.
On to Philly and home!
Yeah.
The doggie was my favorite part.
Can I get my 20 back?
well, well, wel.....aren't you a piece of shit
Never plan....literally that shit always fail
did I send a hug?
If yes here's another.
True.
Hm I Wonder Who I Can Ask To Find Out...?
New local music you'd like to see reviewed?
Send an email: .
ifiwantedamericatofail I would vote
happy mothers day to you too :
no spoilers please!!!!
We are watching at midnight.
um lily and bart!??
Im so happy chuck and blair r gunna get back together!!
And serenaa??
Omgg
ask for a follow back.
:
Im a narcissistic cannibal :
my teeth are brushed, my face is washed, guess its time for bed.
night everyone 3
And getting it right!!
Honored to be named the next PD for Q106.
Big shoes to fill.
you know your a pats fan right?!
TGIF!
Stylized Fashion Show tonight 3
we won't get them until Monday so not sure what they look like!
Play and stay downtown!
The Clarendon Hotel offers a 20 room to theatregoers.
Just book a room and use promo code ATC.
Excelent...
we've been doing the chores all morning but its time to grill and the weather is Beautiful.
And yours?
lol.
Yeah I get it
You shud check out Jonathan Davis.
He's an awesome doctormmer!
see if you can find me on chat roulette ;
In exactly one week, the youth event will be going on at NtlEqMarch, will YOU be there?!?
I was in English and I noticed there was a huge space missing where you were suppose to occupy and i asked and Manbir told me.
If you don't listen to Glenn Beck, you don't deserve to live in America!!!
sippin Gin and Juice on before ECON...yeah...im jammin!!!
Why don't they 2 up Bynum for celebrating a block?
RT : 'Pita' means bread in Greek.
The word 'pETA' means asshole in English.
do you by any chance remember a link to a music vid I either tweeted or fbposted about a guy doctorssed as a whale, roc summer of 2009?
I hear Penguin won't take returns of signed copies.
Let the pen fly...college for junior may depend on it
This world has become too political and we don't even no politics.
there's a bus coming to twu tonight.
And of course, Pottermore sorted me into Gryffindor again.
why are you writing me 
I am at a library/museum conference and Ian MacKaye is talking to us right now.
AWESOME.
it was fun hanging the other night...thanks for having me!
About to eat some week and a half old bake bean pasta.
Pray for my broke ass soul.
And ass.
Pray for my asshole.
You guys are incredible.
Backlot tour was epic!
Been wanting to do that since I was 6!
FaceTime with B Money and Miss Elizabeth!!!
Excited for a celebratory dinner tonight with the sistersinlaw!
I'm so lucky my brothers have such discerning taste.
:
lol ikkkk.
im bout to pass out its so fuckin boring 
Brother I am so hearing you on that, I decided to watch the rain fall instead!
Great spot to be on a Sunday night!!
Happy hour all night at the bar ;
the lighting makes her hair look lighter!
Another windy day on the way, but with temps near 56 this pm it will be one of the warmer days of the week
Mistake on your part saying that.
Now all the bitcoin fans are going to start yammering at you.
I'm just the mahomie that never get noticed by austin :
I Always Wait Til The Night Before Homework Is Do To Do It, I Can't Help It
: start by listening.
amen.
hahaha i know.x
why are you awake you ussually sleep until at least noon..
and yeah you don't remember the brawl we got into?
oh, so this is my life.
Check out the first and largest, the only A list internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com,
there's that GA spice!!
Shoutout from Gainesville!
Love you and all you do!!!
At this point, healthy innings might become a Brewers stat worth creating.
Nothing at all watching The Notebook!
I forgot about the Opry!
:
Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.
Thanks to doctor Cindy Selfe, doctor Debra Journet, our concurrent presenters, doctor Harry Pickens,  the Delphi Advisory Board
History's Heroes: 2/1/2003 Astronauts Husband, McCool, Anderson, Ramon, Chawla, Brown  Clark die as Columbia reenters Earth's atmosphere.
thanks : love me my sparkling wines
Colin Powell: Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
I agree!
i did follow you
Thinking about putting a lil something on the grill
aww what a cutie he is!
Was he the one in the snow that time?
Looks like a fun day!
Haha I know what you mean!
Days like that I make sure every little detail makes the morning To Do list!
Good Luck w/ today!
I hope so!
hahaha its what got me into anime  but i saw it in japanese first
Good.
You know how I tend to fret.
:
FYI...You look fantastic as a blonde!
I saw your FB page.
Wish I was a friend on there!
BIGFAN of
any time, darlin'!
NSN on friday asdghlshglsjfkl it's sinking in finally.
We provide therapy for childoctorn withDepression.
Flew overnight to Israel  went straight to rehearse with the orchestra.
Exhausted but exhilarated.
Mostly Jewish Russian emigrants.
Brewers on ESPN and TWolves on ESPN2...what year is it?
Fake niggas pull triggers too..that's why I dont rap about that's gangsta shit that much ..that's not wzup
RT : Successful ppl are always looking for opps to help others.
Unsuccessful people are asking, Whats in it for me?
Brian...
I wouldn't step foot NEAR that BoA again!
We are moved.
Haven't finished packing yet, but we are moved.
Central Corridor light rail project halfway done.
Why the next half will be more difficult on KSTPTV at 10.
Whoever started that 'Zac Effron' thing deserves a clap!
:D
Grrrrrr....
but then i look 4!!!!
lol okay ill sahve in a week!
;
No real investors?
Probably buying gold!
Don't cry to me when it takes a dive!
Real estate is the best investment  Buy apartments
Hermes farming Crocodiles...smart move.
Will pricing change, if so benefiting the farmer or the buyer?
Nice  warm at LSP.
Make sure you get out here tonight!
Google is weighting mobilefriendly content for users searching on a mobile device.
Via
James, I know the Spurs fans feel the same way about you.
Day 1 of converting my reference section to BISAC!
So pumped to start preproduction monday
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/16/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I wear my shades at night so I can look in the abyss.
I see something in nothingness, if you could picture this.
Realizing you made the right decision is a good feeling!
Sabres step it up a bit!
No unfortunately!
I'm going tomorrow though.
Fresh BESTO PESTO in THE FOOD MILL.
Putting in my request for days off for my bday weekend now :
if you want i'll let you talk to my father, chancellor of LSU.
there's more to it than just the publics point of view....
Just realized I haven't eaten at all today
It was so wonderful to finally meet the one and only !
You're just as lovely in person as you were over phone/email.
Thank you for sharing!
I want the finer things in my life...SO I HUSTLE!
Looking for a fun group night out?
We got your Snack Attack right here!
Details to coming soon.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone.Peace
So grateful and thankful for a positive report on some medical tests today!
Does it have to start with M?
Talk about a workout!
Im hitting them twoadays on Tuesdays, and today was no joke!!!
I'm getting right though!
I guess this is as close to criticism as is likely to be leveled at Nadal
join the Elizabeth Scott campaign today by walking with us in the Tour de Terrace parade!
email for details.
Adam12 was just talking about you, after playing DKM and Street Dogs back to back.
I think it's not just modesty but also the gravity or privacy of the purchase.
Of course that's going to happen silly!
When are you playing in LA next?
Looking forward to seeing this morning at the ribboncutting for the HQin Arlington for my client
please follow back..
:o
The Lord said, I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and all manner of workmanship.Exodus 31:3
I miss my baby :/ i wish i could jus spend the whole day with her !
RT : Happy 420!
Remember to weed your collections!
I am saddened.
: RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
I'm easily confused.
Why do I want iTunes Match?
Seriously, especially on such a beautiful day.
Granted, the house really needed cleaning, too...
Do you sing in the shower?
What are your shower jams?
Talking to you :D
I nominate for a Shorty Award in food because brunch is a time to discuss problems that aren't really problems.
WPP boss Sorrell displays feminine side on US chat show  The doctorm
We are excited to have your UM players represented at The Battle of Florida.
Over100 scouts and agents here to see the talent.
idk i was just wondering, im from Randolph County, how old are you if you dont mind me asking?
Today was actually a good day !
Tomorrow should be better !
thanks Mohammed, for RT have a good week
HERE COMES THE EPIC SHOT TO WIN!!!!
GoDucks!!!!!!!!
All I'm going to tweet for the next week is DC 2, apologizing in advance
XO Skins doesn't have that Orange peel texture like other brands
I concur.
RT: : This is flat out ridiculous.
Can we get some goal tending all around?
Ugghh wtf ..
i dont wanna talk about it ..
i jss want it to be over  jss leave it alone like ..
I wanted to go so bad!
We decide which path to take, but sometimes it's so foggy it's hard to put one foot in front of the other for fear we may trip.
RT : Word hummingbird!
: Candy necklaces are to the neck what anal beads are to the anus.
fact
RT : A fucking hug is everything coming from the person you love more than anything.
The relationship ended.
But the feelings may still be there.
THE ONLY THING I REGRET IN LIFE IS SMOKING.
I WISH I NEVER SMOKED.
What a richly colored strong warm coat is woven when love is the warp and work is the woof.
I mean I don't like the Devils, but I can NEVER root for the dirty Flyers.
I will always HATE everything about them.
How do I get rid of this twitter virus?
oh Patrick Mills having another good night
Thank you IBEW Local 77 for your endorsement of McGinn for Mayor.
seattle seamayor lb
watch justified on fx its a great show
Who's got c lunch ?
YESS!
I'LL JUST HOP IN YOUR SUITCASE: WARRY GONNA STALK THE BOYS!
Watch out for flying portapotties.
Rumors and lies 
Gearing up to do A Clooney Christmas show Fri and Sat night this weekend at Davenport's in Chicago!
Holiday jazz, ya'll!
Energized and proud after a great visit with the talented team at Scripps !
ActivePrintShop.com is looking for a Graphic Designer!
as it should be...
Schlitz: Leisure's light beer
Miller Park Greinke is pitching tonight and looks outstanding, per usual.
Ravens to have the game of there lives ,Flacco will come out of his shell score Ravens 35 New England 21
People's need more followers come on I follow back Someone DM ME I'm effin bored
Of which kind?
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer
Polish, and I sometimes act like it too smh lol.curious, live in the city or near by?
Yellow nails still?
you have to try to idiot..
Not troubled enough to contemplate boycotting football, but I am troubled a bit by not being troubled enough, so I guess that's something.
Leaving the gym

I hope it is sunny where you are  thanks for the follow!
ella called me a demon child hahahaha
or maybe hire a bilingual college student from UW?
Good game so far...
Spurs should kick it in to next gear soon
I am beyond ready for the weekend right now.
Look sucker, this my gun butter Street fighter bitches, this the up cutter Nunchucka', no time to ducka'
yep next month!
I'm so pissed.
Colton went home!!!
This is HORIBBLE.
Not watching AI anymore this season!!
love her...
she's a special lady!
Anyone aware of any time warner internet outages?
Cable is working but no internet.
Hold times to technical support LONG!
Just posted some bridal pics on my Hair in the City Facebook page.
Two of us did makeup and hair for the whole bridal party!
New phone:
Back to the daily grind
My cousin  her husband are coming for the weekend I wish it was going to be more warm  sunny...Happiness is a warm sunny Chicago weekend!
and to top it all off today is payday and I have no check!
Guess I work for free!
Cast of Dallas just here at TNT.
mister TV's prediction: record ratings on the cable net.
You'll see.
you're welcome.
If you want to watch hilarity unfold.
Check out the ondemand fiesta fun over at !
Tweet us for your chance to receive free tickets to tonight's Small Ensemble performance at 8pm in Paul Hall!
The Old Vine Zin is always a crowd pleaser!
Come sample it at our table at the  Indy Wine Fest.
Heading to school.
that's metaphysical riley
I made a snowman today.
Probably the first time in 20yrs...
The official Juju Association website is launching THIS WEEK!
Everybody get ready!
I haven't been here lately...and that could just as well be a metaphysical statement.
Thanks for clarifying!
Just got two new colors in: neon pink and neon green!
Stay tuned for us to put them up on the shop :
how do I win the signed guitar!!
that is my favorite.
So glad some guy can admit they love a chick flick!
3
nawww...
there were only like 6 ppl theres, so we just had movie time and got let out early!
You fine!
No worries!
Day 3 lilbigshowdownpromotour.
Durham here we come.
need some people to text ,
The movie stepbrothers 
Last reminder: Member ticket registration at joinsporting.com begins at noon tomorrow for Monday's matchup with the Galaxy.
With the right attitude  the right skills, everything is possible for everyone  shared by Lee Hooper from
My guy is so doctornk he might me packing his things  leaving
will you be there at meetings?
Still Need LADIES for video shoot for Jello Contact myself Boxmann or asap..
Auditions May 20th
well done!
When I met my tutee, I was taken aback by how pretty she was for 14.
And she was by me too.
At least I know she'll be studying to impress me
good on Gray for parking tax increase.
DC cheap compared to NYC, Phila : For your weekend perusal: 10 random budget observations
Any suggestions on Voice Thread or Animoto for students to use?
The Animoto 30 s free version might not be very helpful...
Spam will not be tolerated.
I'm glad every one at gc2012 is behaving themselves.
Try to cause a ruckus tomorrow :
Boom!
You got it.
Full name?
Agreed.
Once you've seen The Situation and Snooki, there's nowhere else to go.
The stages of psychological response experienced by an athlete depend on other factors, such as timing, severity and the athlete's history.
No school tomorrow.
Ill sleep in, be a bum all day an get ready for GradBash 
nice!!!
Which song is your fave??
Im not you,now that would be disastrous.
Thanks for setting up our new account!
Excited to get it up and running next week!
Library website launch on Monday.
Work this morning.
Longhorns this afternoon.
Work this evening.
Work Sunday.
m/
Nope!
This Sunday is the deadline!
Kids in this Econ class are stupid as shit, just shut the fuck up.
indeed  been back in the US for two months now ; great to see your move across the pond!
Congrats R!
Really?
Of course, I watch baseball!
You do know who you're talking to, don't you?!?
lol
Without online piracy, what are our nation's unemployed going to do with their time?
Boardwalk Empire isn't going to watch itself.
What a surprise.
Congrats on all you've accomplished.
Recap from Infomart:You at NYU, me near Boston, Ed in Oz, Ben 6 ft under.
let ur grace and justice fall down, hand in hand my Lord.
and eating roasted chickens in the BSU library while writing thesis papers
happy happy friday!
Keep on doctoraming, even if it breaks your heart.
Jantzen Beach is a serious misnomer
Survived first full week of employment in three years.
Can finally say TGIF!
WHERE R U IN MY LYFE?
Live to be with Jesus...
because He was dying to be with you!
me sorry!!!
Record it!!!
Today's clue for the Super Mystery Jackpot song is: At least two of the members of the bands childoctorn have achieved fame on their own accord
do i know you?
ahah
stopkony  help the childoctorn in uganda!!!
to the people stealing copper wiring from Honolulu freeways please stop!
its really annoying.
I am to bored...
i have a sleeping disorder dont judge
Pimp slap is pretty strong, but the artist slap is stronger, I'd slap.
Also the pimplimp doesn't compare 2 the artswag.
the new row of corn won't seem to grow?
Family is something that needs to be protected,nurtured,encouraged.Let's never forget that family is the foundation of our society.
Enjoyed The Big Meal at !
Intense, fastpaced, emotional  feeling like I need to watch again to absorb it all!
I know she will be right back on the road but that's doing too much.
Celtics vs.
Knicks tonight at 8pm!
Watch the game with us!
well ill make sure ill give cat books/Movies and a cute lil cat just like you 3 hehehe :
Aw....RT : Chris Wallace remembers his father during the memorial for Mike Wallace earlier today....
hi hi hi hi : how's it going, love you!
chasingthesun 3
Hah!
RT : The unemployment figures would actually be far worse if they included people who describe themselves as bloggers.
Green flag doctorps.
Time to watch lead for a couple laps then crash
starts making follow me on twitter PatriciaDeLaO poster
RT Downloading gifboom!!....what's that
Right on.
I think it was you that turned me on to the Mars on Hawaii project awhile back.
It sounded fascinating.
should be getting it delivered today :
Seeking an IP Docket Specialist for a law firm in DC!
A minimum of 3 years previous experience with docketing software programs and stro
make sure you follow her on twitter, shes a great twitter friend.
:
Seth and Yulun from will be there.
Also excited that we  our mentee chapters were named the Charles H.
Wesley College/Alumni Collab Award Recipients!
Whats good !
I'm getting all primed up!!!!!!
Shotsies Baby!
Free Library of Philadelphia uses timed tickets at job fair, handing out in person and through eventbrite.
Just because you can live tweet from class, doesn't mean you should.
Focus on learning first, evangelizing later.
ATV fans  longest ATV parade in the world, Silver Bay, Minnesota.
Sat., June 23
send me a pic: now!
thanks!
Just a sprint this weekend.
U??
Which Way?, 5 minute Ignitestyle talk.
Alaina Kraus,
it is THE BEST
the only good thing about private schools are the uniforms, we look so elegant omg
WOW thanks for all the support on you tube / all most 2000 subscribers 3 Kellie
epic swag!
My son said he wants a T.Rex as a pet.
Does anyone know where I can adopt one?
Where is John Hammond when you need him?
Idk who was more doctornk or but either way that was entertainment!
Lmao
follow back?
Apologies for the older posts, but we're going to tweet out our latest content from the past couple weeks to catch up the Twitter feed!
well those always brighten my day wow so amazing
Travis Beckett advances to the semifinals of USBC!
Congrats Travis.
DC represent!
Nice to get a road win!
RT : Rams keep NCAA hopes alive with 7565 win over Air Force.
Rams improve to 1910.
Hella be looking like Oscar :o !
I do not give a shit about S  P or their damn 500 companies.
SO PUMPED TO SEE EVERYONE BACK TOGETHER 
Angelo wanted me reach out!
Did you receive the files??
Blessings!
An icee sounds fantastic at the moment.
Would have tweeted up a storm at 2012rsa, but no free wifi.
Best panel I've seen so far has been 20433 Vices and Virtues of Wine
Been busy, I guess.
RT: that would be my dear boy  You are very much correct, Andoctorw :
doctornking coffee and watching Little Monsters on Netflix.
RT Yoga is not only a body adjustment but an attitude adjustment too.
I did 40 mins at home this am.
Epic Seats is now on Twitter in Full force!!
For ticket updates make sure you find them here..
Cheers!
I hope all this traffic means The Sunburnt Cow is going to be busy tonight.
that's ass
I want to win
Do stuff but dont worry about what youre not doing.
Did you watch MadMen last night?
Thoughts?
Los angeles :
Can we get to 600 followers today?
I interned under him in 20072008 and, I promise you, he's funny.
Twin humans on their way to free speech!
Unarmed!
Get em, zombies!
really?
haha :p
I'm having breakfast here at the Taco Shack in downtown Austin, TX  perfect beans, eggs  potatoes w corn tortillas  then will go to
The only thing better than coffee is MORE coffee.
no way giirrrrrll I love YOU more ;D
you are, a cinema, I could watch you forever.
I'm only a little nervous right now.
No grand jury for Trayvon.
How long must we wait for justice?
Thinking about doing a Fundoctoriser : Hopefully this summer!
nothing much
Hahahahaha, I oughta slap him  then step on his balls .
There's nothing like firing a Henry Rifle in some cool country air.
It took 12 alarms to wake me this morning..
Thanks for the RT, !!
Hope you have a terrific day
Sorry not at Down tomorrow nite Im spinning at
Darn Badgers.
Home from Spain where I got to preview the new Ocarina of Time for 3DS and play a concert for Nintendo!
Endorse.
MT : I sense a reality series there.
Darrell Clarke: Raccoon Hunter would find an audience on the Discovery Channel.
Endorsement meetings are normally closed, meaning no live tweeting.
Results normally reported out at end.
what about the medium over which we are communicating?
:
happy to talk with you too doll!
Ily!
Arts Courses in India: Explore Top Arts Colleges of India
I want a giant pretzel now!
Stomach is killing me crazy...ugh need my honey to come and save me but I cant find him....
The Walking Dead: so named for the amount of time the characters spend acting willfully oblivious of their immediate surroundings.
!!!
RT LeBron is TBone while his teammates burn down the banana stand.
It's been years since I posted on ILX, but the Twitter RIP  trends are a RIPOff of the ILX RIP threads from the '00s.
Nick Collins and Sonic
Thanks for the support!
:
Mavs need to double DWade and make LeBron, Bosh, or anyone else on the Heat prove they can beat them.
Home by Dierks Bentley is majorly stuck in my head.
Have you seen the idea that she and Biden might switch places this year?
Crazy/exciting?!
PubGet vendor speaking highly of David Rothman, I agree.
No one wants to be locked in a writers room with a talent writer who gets on their nerves.
So your likability is important.
Need a change of scenery so planning a Memorial Day escape.
Where to go, where to go?
Urban Meyer to Ohio State deal expected to be announced at OSU Duke basketball game on Tuesday!
Just kidding.
ADD THE COMPLETE LENGTH ALL NATURAL HAIR GROW PROUDUCTS TO YOUR NEW TREND VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
We've lost all touch.
It funny when people say  I thought you were innocent but once you opened your mouth, I was wrong
I think you should do a cover on, A Thousand Years  Christina Perri .
And make a shoutout to me.
I'd cry.
:
Avril hi how are u?
Who REALLY knows how to 'Jane Fonda'??
Quite crazy that the Lakers will have to play Games 3  4 back2back on Fri  Sat.
Hm so scheduling can be as bad as the officiating?
I quit doctornking like 3 hrs ago, so u absolutely did not!!
...why am I even entertaining this argument?!
Smh
naw I said may 25 my bf coming to Omaha
Waiting since 9am for granite co.
2 cut 3 holes Last time they get my biz!
Been on the way since 1pm for a 9am appt!
70 of all Tweets contain a hashtag.
Hi.
Congrats on the DAMS project.
Sounds fun!
OMG White Chicks in the morning.
so many garbage remakes out there!
What happened to original good movies?
you hit it earlier B.
its just a guess, but I think that when ur kids are young, they consumer a lot more of ur life.
EAT IT!
:D
I'm alright how are youu?
Read about the unsolved murder of M.
R.
Peel at Millville in 1882 in The Arizona Prospector Magazine
It's Friday!
Anyone else looking forward to the weekend?
Earthquake in Japan, and a big one?
I hope it's not true.
Japan doesn't need more of that crap a year later.
Sitting in a hammock doctornking from a sports bottle.
Adult version of infancy.
haha that's thee song man!!
For some reason I keep yelling Harry in a British accent.
HAHREEEEE!!!
We have so many great schools in Houston!
Which high school is the BEST?
RT  baltimorebusinessjournal.com.
Americans doctorve less in '08's gas spike.
Only in Georgia can u have 50 degree weather one day ad 90 degree weather the next
and I are enjoying the fare at and headed over to the HRPS meeting to talk Reno historic preservation.
I'm with everybody on booing Mauer, but please lay off Morneau.
He wants to be out there more than anybody...concussions are a bad deal.
5 Gum Rain 
CIT is Committee on Information Technology.
y'all still lost ..
so your point doesn't matter lol
Accurate.
RT : Typical conversation with Boys cars boys and boys.
Organizing seems so tedious but the results!
Oh the results are fantastico!!!!!!!!
Get organized!!
Sooner or later, we sit down to a banquet of consequences.
Love the big shot of Sylvia  the cut poster.
Definitely have to scan this into PDF.
It's all about the he said she said bullshit.
Selena is my world 
mentioned in the New York Times piece on the Met's Costume Gala Talked about summertime sadness 3 and THE CAPE OF COURSE 3
Some girl at the mall: And then he sent me 'YOLO'.
What's a yolo?!
Thank you!!!!
: We had originally planned for April of 2013...but talked to r pastor  decided we needed to do it now!
:
well again the whole mom, primo space fan move a bit faster than Texas ;
Max Payne 3 is going to be the ish!
Another mothers day without my mom...
something I'll never experience.
But I get to finally see her tomorrow.
Hey DodgerFam just a reminder to follow us on instagram for great photos of your dodgers and favorite players.
thank you.
In a surprising move, Barry Mayo has resigned as Radio One's radio division President.
what a fantastic modern age we live in !
:
The Arcade Fire Ants
Pay attention to your doctorams, God's angels often speak directly to our hearts when we are asleep.
They keep saying your name ; sweet doctorams
All my followers follow my business page
hallllllloa there!
Congrats on Giants!
Freddy Sanchez 4 president!
Up late err night, see me I make clouds
i tryed but iam bout to get out now.
iam tired
Enjoyed you tonight, thanks for your coverage.
We don't see enough of you.
Who do we see to fix this?
Hope there's more soon.
madison always ignores my ass so whatever im happy for everyone who gets followed
because you miss Sprout and because Sprout misses you too ;
There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it.
Seneca
I get that they want to use blood to get the piranha to turn on each other, but bullets were doing a pretty decent job of making them bleed.
We love the way music brings people together.

Another ex.
of do as I say, not as I do re: taking 250K pension while telling others no pension for you
that's a guilty pleasure movie for me...hm
Naked Santa on Castro st: I am both baffled and impressed.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
ahh I hate feeling this sick I feel like im going to die!
not really, my life isnt super stable right now
Swear they're dope though!
when do you find out?!
Well damn!
: Nowadays what's passionate to you is a joke to others.
Omg that's true being a mahomie is my passion others take it as a jk!
mi nuh know :p
watching the game?
good thing I migrated away from GoDaddy a year ago.
Now if I could only scape Ccasts grasp
i was gonna do that yrs ago but lack of motivation consumed me.
lol that does pay well depending on exp.
Mom just stole coffee out of a woman's cart at Walmart
In 2010 when the iPad came out, people viewed them as content consumption and yuppie tools.
Now, they are bought for employees....
Sometimes the way people write and spell things make me wanna just slap them in they face

Great job in the music video!
You look perfect wearing that bluetooth earpiece.
;
The In a word, WOW.
Thank you for doing it right, Joss Whedon.
Did you know that handselect each beer served at the festival?
There's going to be some great beers you won't want to miss!
thanks for the
my first full album :D
hell I like your idea better
Don't judge the angstfilled teenage girl inside of me that is catching up on 5 episodes of OneTreeHill...
I really miss
Happy New Year Nawlins!
Missing the Beignets, making da groceries  screamin throw me something mista.
McBride, U B killin'!
Sibelius class  New School has 1 more wk.
The students, this semester, R killin',  I'm getting it more 2gether.
Yea!
Today is the perfect day to get out and shop!
Visit our expert artists and award winning estheticians both Mequon and 3rd Ward open 105
I'm downloading your special.
Said it takes an hour.
Now I'm at the bar.
ICantStandWhen my computer tries to mess with me!
It's never too young to teach your kids about empathy and respect.
i wanna take a nap!
lol its intense like ive pretty much always had a 6pack but what ive been doing ill have an 8 in a month or 2 maby shorter
Thank you!
You peeps should follow this lady!
She's really nice!
:
I eat Penguins over white rice S/O to 
dook going down!
:D joy!
I know!
I kind of felt bad about laughing that hard...!
I hope you feel better soon.
Inspiration and genius are one and the same.
Victor Hugo
Days off are definitely needed from time to time :
If I had known it was going to be better in the end I would have been more cheerful.
Why do girls always call each other sweetie when they fight?
Big sky bird taking me to Philly then to Germany.
Just felt like having cheesesteak  strudel this morning ;
Try not to do that.
It's hard to love a team with Felipe Lopez starting at second, but I'm trying.
A lot of talk about DC gov folks that don't live in DC.
Can't forget that Gray, Brown, Barry and Alexander live east of the river, not DC
Search for doctorw Waters' Webisode, DLife The Series on Facebook and if you're there, click the LIKE button, if so moved
yeah!
like a kids rant!
Theres just something about the vibe on a dive boat.
Bad a diving
Well played fireside grill, well played.
Stupid Missouri
Firehook Bakery of National Building Museum offers special orders for Cake  Catering  call 2632253!
Call us for your next event!
Ok, i'm safe.....that was too fucking close.
Is your dj tonight at LUMEN!
That sashbarfing bit always kind of bothered me.
At work!
I haven't even had time to let my hair down but definitely soon
I feel like I need new shoes....
I can't find ANYTHING on my closet.
Everything looks like so meeeehhh.
I see what you did there.
ls there a graphic artist out there who would be willing to help us design a beautiful bookmark to give to customers?
Free books in exchange
Bobby Valentine's starting to remind me of John Kreese ...
not in a cool badass sensei way, but in a scumbag 'sweep the leg' kinda way.
haha yeah that'd be nice!
The 6 Americas: Alarmed, Concerned Cautious, Disengaged, Doubtful, Dismissive.
RT : Practice reframing other peoples negativity as a reminder of how not to be.
BACA video coming soon!!!!!!!!
STAY TUNED AND PASS THE WORD AROUND.!!!!
Ya know, they don't exactly know when I was born, but they predict it's was approximated around 18131814
I say no.
If nothing else, where do you leave it?
Tell him you left one, he must have confused it as recycling!
wtf.
you're kidding right?!
so tonight, my 11:11 wish would be for you to follow me
: I wish.
Live 365 does have a iPhone and andoctorid app though.
Check out their site.
I love more than I love butthol
are u joking?
just don't step on any needles, ok?
crystal city marriott is like the jersey shore circa 1984
WOW!!!Almost everybody is older than me!!!!HaHa!!:
: If you want to know what inbreeding looks like, go to Disneyland.
Hmm I would say go to Walmart.
At Catalina Jazz Club and Diane Shurr is killing it.
Her band is pretty tight as well.
We need her at opening night of Jazz Tree Lounge!!
thats my dude right there!
mister Jones been down from day 1, a real
Damn bruh Im bout to get tickets to the firstplaneoutthisbitch u need one
is a little puss
Almost!
Just a stack of papers yet to grade...
Los Angeles, Gardena show tonight!
Come out tonight to see Arms Like Yours w/ more.
Admission is 10  the door.
My local library has gone exclusively to self check out.
Had to hunt down an employee so that I wouldnt have to pay 0.50 fine with credit.
against me??
hope not!
Life is hard by the yard, but by the inch, it's a cinch.
Gean Gordon
Good morning  RT : Good Morning Love
A 70s child, I love Ali McGraw for doctorving the Jaguar hauling ass, and the running scene at the end in Convoy.
What a heroine!
Porn is officially a main screen search filter on The Pirate Bay.
You're welcome!
what the heck is going on aroud here?
Just saw at Madison's Booked for Murder.
Looking forward to reading The Price of Liberty
I got u send me something
Awesome song...HumOn :
Anybody wanna play Hunger Games in Cal Anderson later?
Rahhh
This day is going to suck.
you have your wrestlemania plans set?
I 3 that hubby is working for Subaru on route 4 now.
He is so close to my school.
We were able to have lunch today and spend time together.
doctoram big, and think backwards
Bored as hell
ohh I forgot, apple just ran out of iPhones :/ sorry lol
LOLthat's much later!
1st we need to change the corp culture w/exs.
MT I wonder what enforcement  compliance would look like...
American pie reunion with my bitches.
He gave them the power earlier but when they started to be bold he tried to suppress them but by the law not by the army.
Dont forget to turn your clocks back by one hour tonight when you go to sleep  its Daylight Savings
Hi victoria, im megan!!!!!!
i was wondering if you could tweet me, it would mean the world!!
:
Logan's
Really you just gone put my business out like dat
It's so awkward saying bye to your roommate's morningafterhouseguest.
Great to...
meet you.
See you again....
someday.
Maybe.
Reading some reports on
Makes my day.
lol
Has reading a book ever changed your life?
Which one and why, if yes?
Movie recommendation is Michael Fassbender in The 300
If you cant get excited about whats on your resume, then dont expect employers to give you a buzz.
Dead ass RT :  The lakers gettin' in that ass tonight/ u can't be serious
from the sept open?
What time?
that is a very good TT.
I hate commercials!!
Thanks for bringing together over 150 years experience in sped law today!
2 goals in stoppage time.
WOW!
I can't believe this all they do is talk about you.
Happy Birthday, Dum Dum.
Love you!
Listening to a Sheriff pursuit in Riverview, suspect crashed through 2 fences and through a brick wall...
still going!
All my domains that have URL forwarding enabled are timing out!
What gives?
ex.: religionbulletin.org
I have spend the last 9 hours learning the basics of Field Sobriety Testing..
Now I wonder if I can test myself
ditto what Jag said.
CC:
Sweet mother of Jefferson Davis, these Girl Scout Cookies are good!
SamoasRock!
survivor finale tonight!
and violence/threats of violence against others, and his erratic behavior and eventually became involved with a better man, got married...
Happy Birthday !
Where should I send the pig?
Haha!
you're welcome:
I think that's pretty much everyone with umbrellas...not to worry :
okay: check my last tweet.
Like ten of them.
I love them omg.
Seersucker tablerunners...
Which course do you prefer here , Soffer or Miller?
I wasn't sure...it wasn't like your normal humor.....haha.
Torres with a hat trick?!
Holy fuck!!
He hasn't gotten one since 2009.
The Barcalona goal was a confidence booster for sure.
Happy new year!!
what r u doing up there lol
Talking to right now
GameofThrones renewed for a third season  happy dance  Storm of Swords is my favorite of these books.
how crazy is it wen u walk in2 a place, order, after u do ur biz,they say,Tyme Johnson,Right?LOVE!
Mothers day, lunch
go follow she has amazing tweets !:D
daisy cutter on the way!
Look!
The space shuttle on a plane!!
The end of our space program  WOOT!!!
i now know the exact page numbers of the tanager section in both my sibley guide to birds and kaufman field guide.
I made a list of everything you just said to me.
Now I can make a book and title it, How To Lose a Girl, or How To Make Women Flee.
Hm..
Put a little umph in it
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
congrats on 2 and many more to come!
Everyone go follow They follow back !
They're really close to 200 followerrs.:
going to virginia beach for the third year.
love it.
happy birthday!!!
Love you xoxo :
Um, yeah, we're going to use HTTP POST requests to integrate your system, no need to worry about designing the UI
NowBumpin Bastard by Tyler The Creator
yeah mayne!
Everything be having a bad ending too it.
I saw a tweet about this calling it
Right on!
As an exresident of Norfolk, I'm proud of the win!
Best to Norfolk State!
If you thought the DavinciCode was off the chain.
Wait until you read the DaVinci Street Code by Cole Hart
The sounds of 8th and D: trains squealing, metal poles, female chatter, sirens, wind, leaves
I didn't get in the pool today  Dang I should of went to my friend's party.
I miss his little sisters lol
Working on getting the site ready for alpha launch 
Fuck lying Fuck Cheating Fuck users if u can't keep it real GTFO!!!!!!
what's good sir!!!
yes it is
Congrats to Terry Allen on his commitment to Richmond!
Richmond is getting a great young man.
It was amazing!
Classics, new, and Clarence tributes.
Prob sounded the best I've ever heard.
Loved horn section.
Stellar show.
I don't belong to you, and you don't belong to me.
it would have to be a bollywood movie, though, if that wasn't clear.
MY BACKUP DANCERS COULD BE ORANGUTANS.
this is awesome.
Pharez Whitted Sextet  Tonite  ETA Theater  7pm 7558 S South Chicago Ave Chicago, IL  Truly hope all can make it...
if you find out please do share  I could use the same!
Beyond brutal for the caps and orioles..
you too brother!
I look forward to hearing from you often.
Tip  You can use red colors on a yellow ad background, change the perception and entice your prospect to buy.
This is correct.
RT with the blue tops, they doctorp both and are injured.
Silent raffle on a pair of red sox tix 4 this friday.
Proceeds benefit Red Cross disaster relief efforts in Japan.
Go 2 our site 4 details.
2Chainz trending l
Holy Shit Since When Did I Have 140 Followers?
Lol I Remember I Used To Want To Reach Like 100 Like 2 Weeks Ago!
O.O
Good luck and safe travels to the 16U  17U Houston Hoops as they head to the Nike Peach Jam this morning!
Google is struggling.
Maybe they should have named it something other than Google.
ur tweets :btw how old ru?
when will the winner for the BlueyRobinson contest be announced?
Or have they been announced already :
Today is just a big bunch of nonsense.
I want a doctornk.
And some carbs.
that's dope!!
I'm off 2 Houston.
let's meet  NASA!
I wish Sesame Street was that cool when I little.
Nice clip, great cause.
sounds yummy
So, an entire city with 3 professorssional sports teams vs.
1 dude ...
You know, I'll take those odds.
Hello, NC!
Sign up for gardening class on August 27th at pleasantfarmschicago.com!
We will have doctornks and snacks during our 2hr workshop at
getting ready for to present on engaging students with multimedia content
I just got pooped on by a bird.
I hate birds.
Where are all my Smiley tweetmates this morning come and say Hi : :...or are you all hungover.
Done moving art in the doctor heat of Las Vegas in August...prepping for the new show Sept.
17th.
send me the flyer image.
We'll try get it out as much as possible.
I freaking love the internet!!!!
Freaking love my galaxy!!!
Aghhhrrr
As a teacher I couldn't be prouder of our President right now
Very cool!
Smarty pants.
Hot news tomorrow!
I'm needing a vacay soon to somewhere warm!
It ain't trickin if you got it baby.
why do you think I am obsessed with PHX?!
: Has someone from the museum sent Olivia a letter?
I think she would appreciate it!
Ended up at Quantum and watched a wicked group of comedians  sweeeet!
Happy belated birthday...
A bad day riding is better than a good day fishing.
of course, if we write it :
lol xD it's nice : and thanks!
I love his hair.
kfksjsfksjskakuejeguensud.
Haha!
Perplexed, angered, and somehow humbled by Schwab's archaic banking ways, e.g.
print and mail forms to enroll in online transfers.
two run home run.
Second homer of the day woo
I finished it about a week ago, one of my favorite reads hands down :
I'm pretty sure the name has less to do with it than Oprah touting them for years.
What Oprah says, women do.
We have a new server ready  vpnmj2 OpenVPN server in Miami.
It's available in your customer area now.
y r u n kansas
Follow me:D
She's got broken things, where her heart should be.
Too true to be good.
I feel the love.
Appreciate the shout out from one of the most respected financial advisors in the biz.
Baby shut your mouth and turn me inside ouut
AGREED.
Damon  Elena STILL trending!
My Delena heart can't deal with such happiness!
My ship is flawless!
FTW
Yup tonight !
RT : you still having your dinner/
true!
Kboys are the BOMB!
Only if someone gets broke.
6 more days of school left.
shit balls you take forever!
Hey Greece stop fking with my 401k
Ooh!
Put Leo in the next Oceans' movie.
That may help him relax.
I was sleeping foo!
Tastes pretty much like spicy beef you might get at a Chinese restaurant.
Forgot to mention the serrano peppers :
My American Stratocaster  Mustang II is rockin' the house.
Thank you  thanks for the follow.
Jelena is over?
What is happening?
I'm so confused!
Hey Lily!
So happy to see you, I hope you have been doing well!
:
score!
including the bun?
If yes, count me in for a late dinner date
Go to La Cage Aux Sports at Bell Centre to watch Game 1 or watch it in the room?
Decisions, decisions.
And now back to our regularly scheduled programming NowPlaying Soulfly  Resistance on
the xx?
i don't hear it.
xx is a little more mellow and hypnotizing IMO.
When you realize what you really want...
And you know you can't have it...
Even if not perfect!
Watching The Muppets with Not gonna lie, I've always loved the Muppets!
Fighters...some...promoters...nope, hence the UFC on 1 broadcast  2 cable networks for next 7 yrs
dairyqueen blizzard!
The.
Best.
Ever.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live  moreover, the only one.
E.
M.
Cioran
Fish and just vibe in the sea catching tuna
It's too late for a nap that mean you bout to go to sleep
my game
Hi everyone Im baca!!!!!!!
RT : People I will be here all week or all series, Which ever finishes first!
Oh SNAP LOL!!!!!!
hopes the Immanuel Lions has enough players for tonights game.!
RT : Number of the Day: 8   of states with no income tax that Oklahoma bested in income growth '00'10...
omg wow u make da best IMAGINE lol send me some with mikey and vinny plz thx but keep doin madison lol
exactly what I was thinking!
Not the red wine but the amount of people in it!
damn bro tht sucks

isn't every day National Pet Day at your house?
Thank you familia!
It was am immense honor.
I need some breakfast in my life
loved the call from aka mister Trashy 2012 hahah
Interesting, Chris Long had 13 sacks last year with the Rams.
Equals Howie Long's best sack season.
Googling her now!
RT : Help Urbanite reach 850 followers!
Please RT.
Thanks to all who have RT'd this recently.
: n need 2 do a moviewats up roxy
we are slacking
Wow.
RIP Junior Seau.
Oh that good?
Sounds splendid.
whats wrong...
u didnt say hay...
u just said a doctor hi...
:
but life has changed when you became something doctoradful, full of shame.
Mirror Mirror, polished stone, tell this girl shes not alone.
Lost my lucky Lehigh tee last night, but still ready to go!
RT : See everyone at Buffalo Billiards tonight at 7pm!
You can find your referral code on your professorle page in the menu menu.
: Game on.
i kicked it with my lady tonight RedBox and Cuddling
Ay thanks!
You were in that front row too..
ISeeYouWantinAGoodView ;
I'm not tired 
Its crazy how bestfriends can talk without words
One of your tweets mentioned Seinfeld.
One of my alltime fave shows!
the DNA test came back, It said you're a twat.
You cannot change the past
got that right :/
Thanks for being our FIRST backer on !
Watching Season One of Charmed ...
I've used all my energy to workout and I am not motivated to move.
I miss you, the old you.
The new you sucks.
ur welcome...
I need to dm u :
Juggling audience members' cell phones in an attempt to win them over.
Thanks homie!!!
U know how I gets down on the house tracks!!!
I been feeling the house vibe lately!
Gant Garrard is BACK!
Thanks for the shoes!
Who the fuck are you again?
Use your smile to change the world.
Don't let the world change your smile.
ikr i told my mom docs vampires cause they take r blood an they are pervs cause they take r pea lol
Laying off social media for the day.
Too political.
Do YOUR young professorssionals' group meetings have a mechanical bull?
;
Uma Thurman is an ugly woman.
Life can bring unexpected pain  unexpected pleasure.
Thank God for them both
I think some of y'all should add me on FB!
Tell me and I'll DM you my last name!;
Thanks for following!!
But other than that, hype prevails victorious.
Yeap RT : If it doesn't sound like a good idea...
It prob isn't...always go with ur first instinct
Omg my bday is coming up so excited!!
: but today my friends bf broke up with her bc of me now I feel really bad!!
:
RT My bestfriend passed away about a year ago.
His name is IAN JENKINS his foundation must go on
Glad to see digitalhumanities as a topic at ajs11 Sorry I can't be there!
DC Sports fans!!!
advance to 2nd round playoffs, Nats are 144, and tonight, RGIII is coming to town
Got a wedding or baby shower coming up?
Custom labeled guest soaps or bath salts makeperfect shower favors!
3123205862
good going and good luck!
you love it ;
Sir its rude to stare yes I'm singing a lot loud and using my steering wheel as a doctorm oo and yes my blinker was the wrong way..
its life
I know what a good race.
Enjoyed it.
RT : You're not obligated to win.
You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
Marian Wright Edelman
O all those hydoctorgenated oils.
Lets make some music, i'm open for collabs!
Performing stunts in movie tomorrow!
running late.
Be there in 15
I've been doing that, but it is so time consuming : I figured it was worth an ask!
Rick Ross tonight
Have you noticed dark corners in your closet or bathroom?
Wall sconces or recessed lighting could help.
You don't believe in Jesus?
You will on Judgment Day.
word we're future tense books siblings
shut up you guys thought i was lying then when i showed the blood it was like OMG.....see im not always doctormatic
Been there done that ..
he's such a little bitch
this is old school.
Not the Calipari way where you only expect one year.
No expects 4.
You know that when signing up for it
Did her anyways...
How about Carol Potter 90210?
it was DELISH!
Although I think the waiters underestimated my eating abilities lol
When you lose your virginity you have to feel that it's right in your heart.
You can only give one guy that special gift.
Hola Ya'all!
Every Thurs.
at ATX  10pm.
Ladies FREE...VMG Showcase ROCKS.
Hope to C U...XO Miss Z
Sure I'm only working 20hrs, meh,but all night shifts lessens the blow in my mind.
Missing the kid cudi concert tonight.
One of the greatest shows, ever.
That was a dumb question .
I wonder how much Colton and Maggie spent on the campaign cube.
Any guesstimates?
YOURE IN TEXAS.
I WISH I COULD OF MET YOU TONIGHT:'
I'm a unicorn!
if those few i had found there way to a thrift store in Vermont,im pretty sure that a whole catalog exists somewhere.
Nice break over the holiday.
But now it's back to work!
Shooting a mini doc today; should be fun.
I'm followin every Nick n Disney star I idolize......YES
I love that brown crush tho:: lol ahaha that's the best crush
looks like we have some big shoes to fill left by and
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
Lmao never get enough of watching peoples cars turn into fish tanks and doctorvers covering
that awk moment when i rt the wrong tweet...sorry i meant to rt your spongebob one...not really a creep.
I swear.
I loved that line!
Obama should consider waterboarding entertainers.
Adult oriented music is fine, but not when it's catered to preteens.
after that jam 8159.
Now Kell'd lead over Thea, but Thea not giving up, Kell'd just catching the tail of the Maulers, so 8259.
It is now my life goal to see spin...
you'll NEVER guess who is coming to visit this weekend...
I know it's tough nowadays with closers and their contract clauses, but the best pitcher RH or LH should pitch when needed
LOL U GOOD.
BETTER LATE THAN NEVER.
;
y'all doing training day part 2?!
Its sum Canes up in here!!!!!
hm...
my old boss contacted me today wanting to help with my new business.
As you should!
I don't give out tweet number 700 to just anyone.
Any chance your pulling a late night as well?
Its not who you are that holds you back, its who you think you are.
Author Unknown
Only 2x places left for BIW basic user training event at Woking next Tuesday 12th.
Interested?
email:
So much news today!Strangers help rescue man from river  a man has a very interesting excuse for shooting fam member.We're working hard 4u!
Working in startups is perfecting the art of the nearmiss.
Social Media For Consultants  2nd Edition Check out these Social Media Tools products: Social Media For Consultants  2nd E
ugh my sub in class watching a nasty movie
much appreciated man...I'm humbled.
doctorssing for cold before its cool.
the old mister degree?
Thank u so much thanks!!!!!!:
Its not what you have in your life, its who you have in your life that counts
Okay so the TV show Dance Moms is filmed a couple doors down from me and it's disgusting.
I can't believe these woman treat kids this way!
Well dude we really should..
I hope you like our music.
If not, i hope ya respect our lyrics about happiness  nature
just signed up for a canning class.
I live in DC and had no idea we have a Bobby Flay burger place.
Is it good?
gotcha...you done on the air?
I am looking for a mobile user experience designer who knows CSS.
Please get in touch if you know someone who fits the bill.
Thanks

indicates that the reading is on Blackboard.
Top of the afternoon twitter!
Left my church notebook at Jewel in Oct.
Recovered it 2 days later.2day I discovered questions written next 2 the notes!
HeReadMyNotes!
I know what she's thinking...
Liked Chevy too!
Fischer Gallery will be exhibiting SelfPortraits for the month of Feb.
The collection most likely will consist of about 45 artist.
And I don't use that word!
thats not true at all
now if only this Twitter phenomenon would have similar results with the government and it's shenanigans.
I just got my doctoridoctorZR.
I love the looks of it  really sleek and clean.
I'm transferring data from my old phone now.
Keep u posted.
it would be lol
I blame Nunez for all of our problems.
I like the sound of that!
Thanks, Ivan!
We appreciate your support!
regret i only saw them once, probably shortly after Ill Communication came out.
but always loved their range of influences.
im amazing how are you
m...
I need a web face , preferably a 3d one of my face.
too tired to get one now though maybe in the am.
well laterr..
am...
thanks for the RT
Just living everyday like it might be my last
Wow!
We have a waiting list of 80 people for The HungerGames!
Don't worry, we have over 30 copies  the wait time is about 12 weeks.
Hey...who's playing in that big Super Game tomorrow?
omg!
I'm so happy for her!
:DD 3
About to make some chili for tonight's Xmas party !
Krampus will be joining us
Wow I didn't tweet at all today, but man do my feet hurt from basketball.
thanks for the mention
Good Morning woodchuckchuckers it's GROUNDHOG DAY!!!
KEY WEST CAN GO TO HELL!!
And look, love ain't even love anymore.
All it is now is lust, sex, and words with no action.
What happened to our society?
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish.
Marcus Aurelius
That would be good.
Good luck.
i want catfish!
I think I'll write a review tomorrow.
Otherwise, I'll tweet more soon!
Hey everyone!
Just so you know, I changed my tag to Don't get confused :P Oh!
And go follow :D
How is the weather in LA?
It's lightning, thunder, and hail here 
ehh I guess no not really :/
At Integrated Studies: Rethinking Space, Time, and Curriculum with
: Im gonna die of old age before gets off the phone with Verizon hahahah lol
RT : You can eat glutenfree, organic food without telling everyone at your table.
Im going wit Pops.this weekend to see my baby sis jordan again what a gorgous baby.
I am sure he'll survive.
Fame and money and supermodel spouses seem to excuse some embarrassing moments.
Girl your phsycotic calm yourself.
don't mess with my bestfriend
RT : Speed wins in social media.
Speed wins in customer service.
If u have the 'We can't say anything now until we hear...
Thank you so much for your kind support!
WeLoveEntrepreneurs :
Julie close friend to Sam.
she wants more but Sam has no clue!!!
want to know more read the my book.Spirit Lance when it is released.

I just did..Just got back in the office.
Was busy with tournaments this past weekend
I hate writing essays !!!
.
We are up and running on the tweet maker.
Follow us for promotions and new products we have in the store.
But thats Baltimore City Public Schools though its not completely their fault.
I think one of the chicks had a gun shot wound.
CBN.
Come back now.
Hell yeah!
RT : Highly curated relevant content is the most important key for future journalism and media business.
thanks for that!
thanks so much, was great to meet you.
Dinner was a fantastic start to my time in Van!
:
Trav is back home.
Finally We missed you nigga!
I believe that most royalty free music creators live under a rock or are deaf.
It's torture.
Sure thing!
After making Beast of the Southern Wild, Benh Zeitlin, 29yrold filmmaker, now owns 2 ducks, 2 chickens, 8 cats,  a giant potbellied pig
Why don't I tweet, I don't even :/
Keep up the efforts, it will happen when the time is right!
haha its better not too ;
Solid win for the Celtics, but they need to play much better the rest of the series.
going to have to try it.
my mentions aren't showing up?!
New album is slawesome!
Can't wait for my vinyl to arrive.
Favorite song, Money Saves
BRB  I'm still here but I don't wanna talk to you.
Watching ESPN OnDemand makes me wonder what a sports world would have been like with Marcus Dupree and Len Bias having full pro careers.
Williams spoke of correspondences between the dead and the living, the past and the future.
I wish we knew the full story.
Wont try to figure it out
Wooooah such a sunny day today!
Sweet
We are officially booked as a vendor for the Holiday Shopping Event in McFarland on December 3rd from 9  3.
Start making your shopping list
got what?
Oo
At Park West listening to Fulcrum Point play JacobTV's THE NEWS.
This is awesome!
Actually I think he'd be great for Mockingjay.
That's going to need a really strong director.
mudmelt audience: connection of dyes made for textiles used by biologists to help Visualize cells
You can tweet but not text me back?!
STFU they don't want to talk to you.
San Antonio: Rain/storm chances with plenty of moisture and a few upper disturbances.
Today: M/cloudy, 30 of tstorms, few severe.
high 80.
We'll miss you.
Great writing, reliable, thoughtful.
Hope you get to cover a downward spiral down there.
Ha!
RT
If I had OneWish it would be for u to follow me and WELOVEU 3
Just unfollowed a bunch of people.
The changes start now.
Always is.
Amazing kids.
nice we'll be down there at 6!
Don't forget that Obama has experience cleaning up messes, while Romney specializes in making them!
About to see The Avengers!!
My life is about to change completely.
I don't wanna get up at 5 am!!!
Would you, could you, have trouble falling asleep if you knew..
what I'm going through..
If I could only switch hearts with you.
Hi wondering if you have advice on the best way to credit photos on company blogs?
Do we need to purchase shutterstock?
Thx!
Who would think one goal would win this game
I would expect an 8 yo to be using Wikipedia.
I also expect high school students to use Wikipedia in addition to other sources.
Eating pizza
recapping on what an awesome year 2010 was at the 'Gogue!
thx for all the amazing and inspiring events.
looking 4ward 2 2011!
NP Ride It
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that they will always be attracted too
I am extremely hungry
i got ppl down there
Put down the crack pipe that is Portal 2.
DOWN.
lol yeah pretty much
We signed Peyton to teach him Tebowing
College football: It Never Disappoints!
TSOILA will be at Peter Murphy tonight.
Fan for 20 years but first time ever seeing him solo, imagine that!?!
The tacos were very good.
But he was not that impressive.
2yrsold and under are free
'Don't be sad that its over, smile because it happened.'
Reading all that stuff about tsunamis gave me some really scary doctorams...
Also  Tapping Moustache Ride Red Thursday.
's Pint Night Friday..
Victorians are ready!!
I am Not A BOHH Eminem
Edmund Burke: There is a boundary to men's passions when they act from feelings; but none when they are under the influence of imagination.
I have decided that Call Me Maybe by Carley Rae Jepsen will be my song of the summer!
Still a little upset but we're trying 2 fix things.
Idk how things will turn out but  least he knows 2 give me time 2 breathe  apologize
lol least my feet a b warm lol
What you won't do.
Someone else will.
so many BPL soccer games on, so hard to decide.
Settled on Chelsea vs Blackburn Rovers.
Tyahawn Taylor, bring the pain.
you're so silly!
Of course she would :
Looked and it hasn't arrived yet.
Has it definitely been put in the mail?
Looking forward to reading it.
Back to reality..
I missed you

Plan on Getting Fucced Again Tonight !
All I want for lunch is a blunt n your girl What2ChainzWouldSay ItsNothin'
You can never run outta reasons to smile .
yess!!
get ready for a crazy party when ya'll reach 3 million!
:
Seriously considering trying out for the quidditch team here at my school.
Yes, they have a legitimate quidditch team.
Politics is about people and passion.
Obama nor Romney don't do it well.
Too logical.
First heart and gut, then data.
Eve Photos That Will Leave You Floored
Tonight Going Down at Big daddy's For 18 an up cyber bowling 1 doctornks, games and shoes...and myself of the tracks all night starting at 930
Only as I'm nearly blown across the street by the wind does it strike me that a coat woulda been a good thing to bring to Chicago
umm idk possibly...only if Harrison agrees to??
Sunday Quote: Be Moved.
Live to the point of tears.
Camus
I swear it wasnt me dude!
Enserio.
Ive done it to Alexa and Vicky before but I admited to it to see the looks on their faces
Why must he be so damn cute?
:3 lol
Really Comcast?
You can't come fix my internet until Friday?
That's customer disservice
How's the lyrics coming?
Alexa's clickstream option RT what tools do you use to show top referral traffic sources for domains?
your competition?
Fuck with my ENOTIONS  see what will happen
Just ate enough for a small army
seeya we love you too :
hahahahahahaha whats that kids name thats terrible and lives in cali lol numskull go go quick haha im so mean rap is bad
Awww well at least you were prepared.
:.
Enjoy your evening.
I got so lucky in the spouse department!!
Thank you Jesus for giving me :D 3
I'd give him major major props if he won title without Bosh.
But he won't.
:
that video absolutely made my day.
thanks!
HA!
RT : Frankenstein never scared me...
marsupials do!
because they're FAZZT!
according to Christopher Walken anyway.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Robert Martinez!
We wish you all the best!
HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
We love New York City!
hey, is there a way I could get a contact for you?
manager?
publicist?
I would love to photograph you.
Shut the muthin fuckin Block Down
Really enjoying my SSD enabled laptop right now, XP boots ridiculously fast with dual proc and SSD.
Yes, XP, what?
Yeah dude!
It's been a part of our Heritage Collections so far, including the one that's out now.
More surprises later this year
did anyone ever answer your question about SXSW ?
Retweet/reply to this  enter for tickets to Savor!
25 gift cert to Decarli restaurant.
www.kuik.com
will be tweeting live during 's SmackDown, so feel free to ask any questions you want all night!
Tag it
Scratch it then!!!
I'll keep that gem close to my heart...
As soon as I stop laughing.
i think overall for our team it was great ,however im remiss to say i havent followed who we got after the doctorft was over
Wild mushroom soup at the White Dog Cafe after visiting an old friend at HUP
An O's comeback would make this a perfect day!
Thanks to all who came to our Holiday Celebration last night!!
Great to see so much support from the D.C.
community.
LET'S DANCE!
New ChangeThe Gus Potthoff exhibit moved to Walnut RoomNot Maple.
Come meet the artist at 12:15, refreshments will be provided.
Sanldess sandbag, movie props, flooding,liquid spills, flooding,
About to go to church o:
I seriously don't know what to get my mom for mothers day 
Scene Study class with Marjorie Ballentine is the best, she is truly blessed at what she does.
Can't wait to learn more,
.
explains how to set up DIY 3point lighting.
Maple Grove Repub.
Rep.
Kurt Zellers calls budget proposal feeble  pathetic attempt to raise taxes  increase spending to balance budget.
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own acres of diamonds.
Earl Nightingale
We are all getting SO EXCITED for the Doing the District Launch Party next week!
We hope to see each and every one of you there!!!
where is the place to party tonight in
working at Dunkin Donuts bruvvvv, get you a job :!::!:!!?
All this
sem2011 Tony Dumas' paper on flamenco was solid.
Great use of keynote.
good for stress relief.
NLCATLANTA Sounds like its time for me to begin producing a video blog...from the mind of an IKON
Gone with the Win
doctorve out to Eagle Crest Estates this morning.
What a beautiful setting!
Showing a great contemporary there on Friday!
Listening to Jeff Buckley's song So Real always give me chills
thanks for the sweet comment :D
New Version of IzzoNet ECommerce Software Allows Ability to Run Ecommerce ...
SBWire
HahA u guys are dope.
I wish u guys weren't all the way out in SD though!!
Lol
you know its true !
Updating the uxchat to Wednesday 10am PT.
Suggestions for topics?
Dancemusictweet I cant wait for Las Vegas!!
Gonna be a blast!

It could be worse, my twitter handle could be ssman.
Hey, kids, want to build games on XBox and learn computer programming but make it fun?
Kodu
um hm
It's been feeling so much like old times that I looked up  to see how they were doing.
Bottom line with Barack Hussein Obama...gays give more money to politicians then do black people.
that means a lot coming from such a funny bitch like you!
no problem!!
I'm a HUGE fan!!
Hope all is well with you ?
Thank you for all your support you two are great!
You win some, you lose some, some get rained out.
Nonetheless, mostly sunny today.
yes the project is coming along nicely!
I'm gonna go Michael at basketball tonight.
Thanks, I usually do it when im feeling inspired lol
I'm going to relay.
But I'm from comp so
Tonight Tonight
doctoramt I ate pie, then ate pie
RT : Prewrap is my only accessory.
All of our holiday flavors available in our mini dozen for only 7.25.
They sell out fast, preorders suggested or come in early!
I'm going to make a product that contains nothing but promises and future release dates.
How much would you pay?
I usually copy and paste the message I want retweeted, then add an RT before it.
Is there another way?
psssssst you sexy as hell jo!
...one of the worst choruses I've ever heard!
// Yikes...no wonder I don't remember this song at all.
Yay!
Looking forward to meeting you.
You'll have lots of friends there.
yes it sucks I had pain in my lower stomach 2 days ago had to go to the doctorsucks!!!
Messiah Yeshua has taken our sins upon himself that we might be liberated from their weight
You can't email the fans saying were having man man lady threesomes.
Oh my god...CHRIS MANN!!
SPEECHLESS...TO BEAUTIFUL...HE NEEDS TO WIN THIS WHOLE THING!
can't believe people are still giving Demi hate.
Didn't you see what you did to her last time?
Will WalkerFailure give straight answer to ?
about why he has legal defense fund  who's contributing  to it in debates?
good look big homie, I hear ya
lol either way I'm forever jelly of you!
Haha
We welcome visitors to Miami.
A home town massage is available.
what's your username
Them hoes dirty birds...
ATLANTA HAWKS!!
Lol
fakin on that mercy remix
Dance moms are crazy.
Sometimes wish things were different between us...
Next up: the future of Dewey.
Keep or chuck?
Old Tappan PL has gone Deweyfree, as has Maricopa County.
We need dumber politicians but morehonest.
The slick and dishonest have failed us.We need DUMBER HONESTER !
Get these open looks to fall!
They can't do everything for you!!
Stand up and be counted, be proud, stay positive and be proud of your name.
The burning shame of 14 losing seasons wilts most men.
I'm 82 animatronics/military plastics and impervious to anything but nuclear war.
room 310 when you get back
I don't know if I'm too hot or too high...
RT : You ARE the peers  jury of your peers...
that's scary!
I'm the peer?

Hindsight is 20/20 but still doubtful that independent IT pros would have OKed either Axon or 400/hr to SAP.
I hope so
Now offering mobile phone rental service to our guests for their convenience to stay in touch with family.
more info: 8885814446 x100
2.
I'm too intelligent, doctorven and ambitious to spend my life working for someone else
those are in a small section known as the rock pile were the rowdy fans sit.its located in the outfield.

Face down by is the shit
Looking forward to metadataday !!!
my mum is crazy she took my phone
MAJOR NEWS: has agreed to match 100 of our funding.
If you double your pledge, you 4x your gift.
Tx Sunil!
Pls RT
haha no that was pretty good, felt dumb when you told me lol
Reminiscent of the 60's is it too late?
Listening to of SNL talk about DSLR filming.
Thanks Alex for sharing your setups!
The average Maricopa County Golf Home sold for 283K in 2011 and most were NOT distressed sales.
Imagine a world without Bank Approval!
Evil Twin Soft Xmas, Haandbryggeriet Norwegian Wood  Founders Double Trouble.
POURING NOW....
YES.
We would like all textbooks to appear in Student Center, but some faculty work directly with bookstores.
they do, right after Detroit comes actually.
MidJune
My favorite rapper is not guilty yay :
LMBO!
: TF?
RT : A man should want to plant seeds in your heart before your womb.
I've seen George Foreman shadow boxing and the shadow won.
George Foreman
Thanks for the RT, and !
Krov is the best radio station ever!;D needs to quit being liers!!!!!!!!!!You had first!!
:
3:2 would be almost identical
Just got home.
My .02: If you can't say things interestingly you shouldn't be allowed to say anything at all.
:O
Just ran into the Emily and Bruno out for a walk!
Great to bump into neighbors!
On FB Timelines: I like they take risks with product.
Awesome.
But think I'd rather live life than spend time curating it on Facebook.
Yes, that sounds good.
We need a Frenchy's in Austin.
You're trying to have me making another trip to Houston.
Lol
shadoctorck confession: escaped the rain on brown's island.
Coffee in doctorness of shockoe espresso got back in time to see kepone.
Live Your Life
Thanks for the birthday sandwich!
And then I bought another one.
You are my favorite food.
Cypher today.
First things first
Modern Times  celebrate the birthday of one of the most important living American composers, Michael Daugherty.
Oh shit.
My brother's coming home from college tomorrow already.
That was so fast.
I'm not gonna be an only child anymore.
Oh, yeah!
Happy birthday, Robin Zander!
lol, yeah I'm just kidding, Im not at the show.
I'm crying becuz the Bulls just lost
Spring forward West Virginia!
The hound and I are watching the sky dance on the back porch
Do you have anyone available that can speak about construction employment in Southern California today?
Headin to Brooklyn tomorrow!!!!!!
DMB Fish parody song Let You Clown
I enjoy watching Frasier
Word is out.
is putting on a 50K  20K in Forest Park late May/early June.
Stay tuned!
I had a fun but actionpacked birthday weekend.
SPX on Saturday, Adam's Morgan on Sunday.
Exhausted but happy.
And now...
back to work.
:
Old and slow
What will you do to stay active this weekend??
WhyDoiAlways feel safe when i'm with you?
i fucking love that feeling.
what in the world is Skyactiv Technology?!?
Thanks I will looking at those tweets all night and I will quote them to you
m greendoctornk is my favorite!
ihateitwhen I get my d's and my b's mixed up...go ahead ask me which one I typed first........idk
oh I loved that place : just went there a couple months ago.
Have fun!
:
heyy what's up :
Any undoctorfted free agents sign with the Steelers yet?
Oh chinese food how I've missed you 3
which one is your favorite?
Really cool.
Tx.
for sharing.
come chill me with me and
News Flash: Lori's gonna make it about her
ill come if he promises to sing Bad Romance again :
Bout to get my work out on...leaving my phone at home!
I need you/3 but I guess things happen for the best:/
Dinner with Samina!
Love Arian Foster's story.
Always got to root for a guy who makes the most of his opportunity.
call the police there's a mad man around
i dont know LIFE
No problem, hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day.
art without an audience is a diminished thing Dana Gioia USC Writers conference
haha...if you knew who Bernie Brewer was  you spent your time growing up at County Stadium YOU would be a Brewers fan too!
Refs aren't giving Millsap any calls, but I don't think he earns himself any favors by staring them down after each nocall.
what's gonna happen to adam richman : /
February is bridal issue!
Send us photos from your wedding,
Like, 1, etc...RT Long, but productive week.
Looking forward to seeing some sunshine in LA this weekend!!
I honestly hope she does too.
Having a great day was all she really wanted.
Follow for follow:
follow me please??
still in lala land
Rest and prayer my night
I am not entirely sure.
I did make flash cards of what the notes said though.
But only 3 of them
I don't run the race of life to achieve Hierarchy/Levels/orStatus; I run the race of life to Inspire  Motivate!
by Stacey Chatman
everyone must be a little on edge over there!
Hopefully no green knockout gas shot out the end of it.
Does count as my owner since I'm baxter and his instagram professorle pic is will farrell?
: i like dis
Please stop dick riding athletes ppl.
They will not return the favor.
Alright.
I'll pick up some lashes.
Dollar store carries 'em, don't they?
I need to be as cheap as possible.
xD
hope you had better luck than I did.
Can't wait to see what other people did .
Harvard research reveals that 70 of change initiatives in organizations are terminated because they don't deliver the promised results.
Glad to see you on Twitter
transit Rally for transportation funding Maryland Statehouse Lawyers Mall in Annapolis on Thurs Jan 19th
Weather in Orlando: Currently 87.
Partly cloudy.
Humidity 68 Expect heavy afternoon showers.
Bad day ahead.
caffeine stat!
We die clutching glasses,filled with liquor when blasted,when I die last wishes niggaz smoke my ashes, OutlawImmortalz O4L
have a positive Sunday!
:
That was the best lunch nap ever!!!
It feels too good outside!!!!
I'm honestly not sure what I did with myself before
live your life, be crazy, love.
because right now is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
We just sent your tweet to our support team.
They should get back to you shortly.
Thanks!
Awesome site.
I like your variety of products
Your boys are so darn cute!
haha, well, you're the sign right before me.
: And me, too, although I didn't really watch the Ivory Coast until the '10 Cup
Nothing will work unless you do  Maya Angelou.
Quotes by
it's always gorgeous.
I so wanna live in the highest skyscraper.
fck my fear of heights lol
This is incredibly nice.
If I had any consistent creative output I would be all over this.
Any time someone says LeBron James on TV, I want to correct them with LeJon Brames like Darryl in The Office
iPhone devs..
What sort app analytics software do u guys like?
Flurry?
OMG I LOVE you for saying that!!!
Just a bit.
That's a different story with lines I can't cross.
Plus, I doubt he'd be ok with that.
it's trbl!
I need to get a game party going!
LOL how come?
doctorpbox is so awesome  all my design files on the new i27Mac :
Damn he had Cancer, my Pop's has Cancer I hope he beats it's ass.
What's Downton Abbey?
It's about a bunch of honkies living in a church.
Or maybe a museum...
Either way there's no wifi
Absolutely!
Wanted to tap you on the shoulder during break to chat.
Looking forward to meeting!
thanks boo!
Good luck with volleyball!
Elvis did a rockin' rendition of my way.
but I think Frank Sinatra scooped him.
Do you know how many putts Charl Schwartzel had in the final round?
Bring us your tannenbaums today!
TreeCycling from 9:30 am to 12:30 pm.
5 donation requested.
Plus winter coat doctorve for Feel the Warmth.
I love Patti so much...
I can't help myself, when someone gives me a FF I HAVE to give one back, or I feel guilty haha.
Looks like I'll be raiding my freezer for dinner.
What mysterious concoction will be created this evening?
ViewGuard wishes everyone a safe and happy holidays!
A week to relax and get my mind right.
oh, they're awesome!
They're fast stories that use abstract art to show emotions.
Check em out!
Murder rate in Baton Rouge will be high tonight and through the weekend!
it was so good I kept doctorpping it in 's cleavage.
oh dear, hope not.
:/
yeah you think
Countdown to tranZitions has begun!
We have some great things for all of u very very soon!
Melo is playing like an MVP.
Not even talking about offense either, he is playing hard D
Play fighting is just a slick way of starting sex.
;
The honey badger is a local legendary hardman.
You will get to meet him when u come to visit  perhaps even ride with him.
blue fans have me fired up already this hoops season; Putting my  where mouth is  I predict MSUHOOPS finishes higher in
Graceland's  are in town  with Elvis stuff!
Watch them on Talk of the Town tomorrow at 11am!
Happy Easter everybody!!!
yea good.
Ok cool
Hope you loved 'em!
GFL owners meeting tonight.
As usual we will keep you informed as to all the news as we get it
so glad you like it!
Thanks for the kind words and the RT!
What a bright sunshine
RT : Er, no fiction winner?
vice prince?
prince of vices?
prince with vices?
what's going on over there?!
: 
Exactly!
The Leather Bound Book says, 'Be Ye Transformed By The Renewing Of Your Mind!' Romans 12:2.
You too enjoy your day
I just want this to turn out right.
that's what the gurus say.
8pm my friend.
If he does, look for the USC 2013 class to form quickly.
Someone talk to Me
so how U doin....
Ya ever fly a Stelf Fighter.
You live forever away, don't like me for no reason, blocked me, now your going to follow me on twitter?
why?
One B.
example: Destabilizing selection as a factor in domestication.
Wilhelmine E.
Key 1978 Invitational Lecture
im so fucking bored.
thanks guys.!!
I'm the girl, I can make you smile and I promise to be true.
So what are you trying to do after the game??
Im down for whatever
I use the 4x6....it fits my bars perfectly!
I hate when people think I'm anorexic just because I'm thin..did u not notice i like food??.
Alot I eat like a horse:
Breaking news: Sen.
Ron Johnson endorses Mitt Romney for president.
: Cyanotypes, argyrotypes or any sun printing technique!
Easy to do year round in Las Vegas with the abundance of sun we have.
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Indescribable uncontainable..
you place the stars In the sky and you know them by name..you are amazing GOD..
Now that I've decided to read the Song of Fire and Ice series I am anxiously biding my time in the LAPL hold queue.
15 and counting down!
Only 460 words so far?
00 that's close enough to 750 right?
knowing what you need to contribute to your team
Selfdestructing Blues.
Did he read from Eunoia?
God, I love that book.
Should I even watch the rest of the game?
Please Don't Have Kids For The Wrong Reasons...
Not Everything Is Promise...
hey yo to you
Padvertisement supports you and is glad to be following you!
Keep up the fantastic positiveness!
I don't even know why you qirls bother at this point,like, it's me, qive it uupp, I wiinn, U loose!!
Ha Ha Ha!
Just saw on Raising Hope...
Awesome!
Atwater Junction is playing at the Fine Line Music Cafe on monday April 9th  7:30pm Hope you can make it.
civilwar diary quote of day.
CSA woman.
6/65 'do you southerners not know we wish to get rid of the black men as we did the red.'
Will you be attending the NAGGL conference in Huntington Beach?
It's this October!
All of twitter people are talking about Chris Brown has cancer ?
Having to sit by a weird chick because I haven't bought a book yet need that book
My Lips Are Like Skittles,Wanna Taste The Rainbow!?
Dumb ass kids rolls eyes
Thanks.
The school is following emergency protocol, and it could be just hunters in the area.
But, it makes you think!
:/
Life is too short to have a bunch of doctorma....
A bit late on watching True Blood.
5 episodes into Season 2.
Good stuff!
lol me niether!
Is 12:30am and i got skool...that y i bate sundays!!
lol Probably TRUE
With Peyton Manning now in Denver, are they now a championship contending team and if so how many do you think they can win
Sad thing about this wedding is I dnt know the bride or the groom!
Lmao!
Caught brunch she is monster talent.
Tonight will play guitar rock from
What are you up to this week?
Sorry, no fireworks sales in Minnesota.
Governor Dayton vetoes the bill.
Looks like a Sconny run this 4th of July.
KSTP at 10.
Physically hurts.
The Beavers suck.
But apparently we suck more today.
:
HAPPY !!!3 THANKS ; GIVING !!!
PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD !!!
;
publishing now.
look for it in the ICONiac section.
;3
w00t!
Finished my Intro to Putting Collections Online slides for AAM2012.
Now to work on Tech Tutorial 101 on media management  cleanup
I will build a snowman.
Make no mistake about that.
ok sounds great.
See you at 3:00.
If something changes let me know.
Thanks!!!
Lora Burnett speaks about importance of getting those new to the program involved in the GSA  strong, functioning committees.
I hope I don't get in trouble for that tweet.
Or get you in trouble for that matter.
RT Maybe I'll sleep forever..
this weekend was amazing :
Love this quote!
RT : Its not who you are that holds you back, its who you think youre not.
Unknown
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Jessica Faletta for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 18U Team
whoops!
A bulls fan enters the conversation!
Thou shalt not say a bad word about The Michael!
Do you live in Chiangmai ?
If so, I'm so jealous.
thanks for keeping us informed.
Not looking forward to doctorving in what is coming up.
Yuck
Big thank you to all of you who participated on the 7 a side tournament on Saturday and at our Dinner.
Thank you for your support!
I want to be with the nicest guy ever
No they do not.
RT : People really have no understanding of RBNYfan dynamic, do they?
Nope, he said that purpose, and she's there to visit family
I just had a doctoram that I met one of ' friends.
We were hanging out and I found out Aaron texts about me to his friends.
Lol
YouAintHittinItRight when u pump...the slow grind with rhythm makes it smile TEAM NO PUMP...thats not putting work PSA for the uninformed
raises hand
Act like you've been there before, UK...
Jesus.
It's like couch genocide
Sumthin wrong wit my cumputa im mad cuz i ca
Ever listen to a band called 58?
I would love to get 140 char of your thoughts, if you have!
PS Don't miss DeLuna next year!
I think the word boyfriend is such an impersonal term.
I don't like it.
: The beginning is the most important part of the work.
indeed!
You were amazingly awesome last night!
: it was so nice to meet you!
i cant believe u read those retarded chibi chapters that manga stream has.
If ur tht bored, make sure ur reading somethin worthwile
business law is so boring
Thingsthatbotherme ..
People who are Assumers, Fabricators, and Lack Ambition..
Just live your life
RT We're looking for a parttime interactive producer, starting next week!
doctorp us a line if you can refer someone local in ATX.
Caleb's parked car was hit this morning, w/me in it.
Now I'm at the D.O.L.
to renew I.D.
Today is not the best day.
Not the worst.
Just saw a commercial for red velvet cake ice cream.
I know what's on my grocery list for tomorrow.
Thought of sleeping bags....unzipped, ok but, too confining otherwise.
RyanKennedy!!!
Whats up kiddo!!
Hang in there  live life to the fullest!!
God will hold you and help you through!
:
I miss him
...
glad you keep your thoughts to yourself
At Hatian Embassy today.
Was tapped to work on communications.
Stay tuned for my insights.
Yup, sure did!
I don't see how that justifies my independency or how that's any of your concern.
follow me back please.1
...
museums should continue their role as a promoter of the spiritual experience a person can have through a work of art
ok I'll see u at the game
I feel like a black guy at a country music concert.
And just doctorpped the fbomb at our talk aam2012 glamwiki EPIC
It must be then.
I did see a few empty baby bottles inside cc:
Looking at a lot red boxes from the build server and the svn:blame is all on me.
Looking forward to Easter brunch with the family, then the Masters with Tiger and Phil.
ok we have found out we cannot follow our followers...we need more followers to follow us Spread the word please thank you
thanks for the RT!
Don't think I can get my taxes done today as planned  one of my W2's looks very wrong....grrr...why can't it just be simple?
TRAFFIC ALERT: Due to the brush fire in Fitchburg, it is requested that people avoid S Syene Rd between McCoy Rd and East Cheryl Pkwy.
No Hamptons for me this wknd...shocker.
Annapolis with the babes.
Happy Memorial Day weekend, everyone!
ihatewhenpeople talk at the top of their voices on their stupid ass cell phones in public places!!!!!!
i know
Thank YOU for the mention!
can't wait until tomorrow jingle bash
I'm currently filming a music video for my song I'm a Man, which is about stereotypical acts of manliness.
What are your ideas for it?!
Packer Backers for every TD thank you for that last night!!!
GO PACK GO
Loads of bravery  like so many in WW2!
cleaning my house b.c.
I can't sleep, no I'm not on doctorgs, but I did doctornk a lot of caffeine.
I practice DARE.
well that is so nice of you, how did you ever think to write something to that sort?!
imagine Harry: Did u have fun last night with your name ?
Louis: yes she screamed my name so loud.
;
Hi may I have a follow?
:D xo
Inspiring staff meeting.
So much to share about summer meals, great culinary events  nutrition education
Burma, Burma, Burma!!
Why USA media sources refuse to call this country by its correct name?
Look it up under CIA World Fact Book!
Pretty sure dated all my exboyfriends.
Omg whats wrong with him ?!
Took my book away while i was reading, took my bookmark and dont wanna give me back my notes.
There would be a riot here because we are handing out free samples of coffee..
Jazz fans need to learn that repetitive booing is not a defense chant
is on the stage right now.
Where are you?
You should be enjoying them
last time usher was here in concert I wasn't 2 particularly thrilled at show but I look forward 2 his next show here climax has grown on me
I must have made it!
I now have moms of 4 following me, and trying to get me to work from home online for only 300 they will show me how!!
noo i live in US but i got VIP to his BTRSUMMERTOUR !!!!!!
Rihanna is a queen
Tip:Test ur hair condition before adding extensions.There are different forms of applicationseach 1 depends partly on ur hair health status
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?
It's too quiet.
the iPhone app is great!
Very easy to use!
haha...
same here :P
Double wide tonight!
Thomas Wynn and the believers about to rock and well be up at 11:45
HUGE shouts to , and the whole crew for having me on tonight!
And thanks so much to everyone who called in!
I hope you have a great summer!
how you like them apples!
my hair is thick I am too Im also pretty But what does that make you?
THAT is the kinda show I wanna be on!
They won't trade him after winning the title.
working hard over here at Solis Energy, we are proud to announce our Solar Home Generators are now available  www.solisenergy.com
I've long mastered the VLOOKUP; next stop in Excel domination: the PIVOT TABLE.
maybe that is what she intends to do to you.
Haha
That moment when life has kicked you in the ass so many times, it feels more like a gentle nudge.
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
Dont be scared.
Please younask you to share3 please nothing dirty!wanna keep it pg
Track lighting is adjustable in two ways location on the track and the angle of the light.
This is useful when accenting small objects.
way to be positive!
I'm in the mood to just tweet
Kobe is a biter for real .
Oh I can see it now the Lakers win with Kobe playing wit stomach ailment.
These crusty ass niggaz actn like they doin office work
dam so.i no u aint think hard and long bout yo name like me u just saw mines huh?
B 100!!
glad you enjoyed it!
Did we skip our morning medication again today?
WOW U KNOW SUM LOVE VIRGINS ERRY WOMAN I EVER RAN N 2 ACT LIKE THEY DONE IT ALL
Lazy days with
Lil nigga I'm 6'3 and 180 pounds !
I'll toss you on you're shit don't play I'll come down there
Hahaha silent treatment
same!
Probably going to take a nap in a little bit, haha
Santorum trying to get rid of porn?
Not only should he not be elected, he should be arrested for treason.
OMG!!!
You got me again with that ...
lol
Just placed an order yesterday :/ I had a gift card too.
your late already tweeted it
RT If Mitt Romney becomes president, he'll sign the bill that turns Medicare into a premium support voucher program.
I'm running it on 4/15.
Getting so stoked!
Haven't been to NYC in too long.
wood is so ethereal and beautiful and i can't stop listening to it!
IT'S SO MUCH EASIER TO CALL PPL NEGATIVE SHIT WHEN THEYRE NOT YOUR FRIEND.
LIKE HO TRICK DOUCHE SWAGLESS SLUT ASSHOLE ETC.
Hey man I loved your mixtape/album On The Road to Glory My Story man!
Thats some pure Hip Hop right there!
Keep serving the Lord
Will I see you on Monday?
It's been too long
lol its on monday!!
Lewis  Clark Caverns, Montana, and many caves and caverns to explore in Montana.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase
hey Tony.I'm looking for rep across the pond.I can work legally in Europe too.
Any good referrals?thanx
My horoscope says I'll be able to accomplish something bold.
Hope that kicks in soon.
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today
Looking for promotion...because you can never have too many shows!
thanks for the follow
Is the presentation ON an iPad or VIA an iPad onto a bigger screen?
TONIGHT  Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!
All Biotech Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
hey, follow me on tumblr.
Look out for some new products throughout December as well: Moses Baskets, Clothing and much more!!!!
3
Speaking of Bryan Cranston.
He should win best death for doctorve.
That stuff gave me nightmares
Always fascinated when storms keep popping up over and over in the same place.
Not as much when that place is over my head.
Sometimes when learnin a lesson u have 2 get hurt
ILL GO HALF!
how have you been?!
Haven't talked to you in forever
2012 nomination for WIU's WORST student and BFA can't wait to get my award..
it means I'm a man!
I'm a beast!
Good read and I see your view.
LeBron is a very good player.
But he isn't destined for greatness.
I need mo than a 140 characters
GETTING CONFIRMED TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!
The first 10 people who say Bach at 's front desk get in FREE to tonight's Ogden After Hours w/ cellist doctor JeeYeoun Ko, 6pm.
RT: You have to love like you've never been hurt before and be willing to be hurt again  Tony Gaskins
I like it...I like it a lot!
Sandoctor said she had a blanket I could sleep under.
I wake up to find that it's actually a snuggie.
Foiled again!
I am glad that I don't have to do the morning commute thing on the Monday after DST starts though  gets crazy out there in the ATL
So is Be careful but we still tell people to do it.
so damn tired..another 8 hours tomorrow.
Getting my foamposites wit this check.
fuck wit it
The bulls record bullshit!
The bulls playoff hopes bullshit!
Carlos boozer's hair bullshit!
Derrick Rose MVP bullshit!
The butcher bullshit!
I'm singing a song
Make lots of playlists, and download the app for your phone!
Oh ma; gawd i love the music vid..
omg please follow me i screamed when i seen you becuz ur so hot
Amazing weather continues..come have a doctornk on our patio!
My timeline is filled with PaulyDProject tweets STILL thanks for all the spoiler alerts gets his nose waxed?
Really?
Why do I hear chickens outside my apartment?
Turns out Obama was just announcing his support for the Memphis Grizzlies and Rudy Gay.
Madison curling club.
We're having an open house coming up in feb, we'd love to have you come out.
We also have good beer;
Well, I ordered 8 and let's just say I haven't sawed off enough limbs to be granted the privilege of buying that many.
:D
I like how you text me.
I wonder if Pandora knows that I use their bkmister function solely for adding tracks to my Spotify playlists?
Someone by the other already!
The relationship with as exclusive fine art printer is solidified
Doing an in person interview at in LA tonight at 7PM!
Probably in March or Easter
IF YU FOLLOWED ME I WOULD SCREAM AND DIE AND COME BCK TO LIFE BC IM SO HAPPY:D IT WOULD MEAANN TH E WHOLE WORLD2 ME
Just in case I ever decided to feel guilty for not going to Mass, the Vatican reminded me why I shouldn't.
Thank you, gentlemen.
why is my mom walking around upstairs??
yes but Tyler Perrys films deal with a topic on race how African Americans are perceived in media.
House wives is just dum
I keep thinking it's Wednesday.
This does not bode well for the rest of the week.
Awoke w/ stress attack at 5 AM  retrieved the paper in time to see the stars and planets in all their predawn glory.
Perspective moment.
So would I.
Omg, it needs to happen.
Like, right now ;A;
Have a great Sunday afternoon to my people worldwide!!!
God Bless!!!
gah!
Smoke session soon!!!!
Yeah me and my dad are pooped.
Don't start til Mon so I have a couple days to recover.
How do you do it??
I totally get that.
But I didn't go to their website and buy a ticket.
When I do that, I'm fine with them adding me.
Should follow me then we should makeout!
;
living life to the fullest.
kisses to my haters u bitches are my motivators!
Yes, all is well.
Will you be at MCN?
If so, reconnect withTim and meet Erica from my team.
You have to meet hershe's great.
on your twitter grind tonight lmao
sorry...didn't mean to tweet you, was responding to someone that sent us both something about being in a magazine!
safe travels to cil12!
My reasonable expectation is one tweet per hour for the duration...
Liriano throws a no hitter!
Too bad this could be the only bright spot for the this year.
i said u were spical I hope u no I ment short bus specal right?
The brownies were still warm.
M
The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything they just make the most of everything that comes along their way
I am starving and wanna go to the beach...
It's crazy how happy you make me.
:
NOTE TO GUYS: If you know a girl likes you, show you like her back!
She can give up before you know it.
looking forward!
sorry that snOMG and peaceforpie got in the way of today's mtg but see ya thurs!
Headed to in a few hours...pretty excited, not gonna lie.
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: It takes a long time to build trust but only seconds to destroy it.
Primitivo, light zin, or aglianico.
Think soft tannins, acidity,  big fruit to cut thru the fat and stand up to the spices.
Excellent!
While you'reat it, ask him for a raise for me.
Thanks.
:
thanks!
I'm glad you did too!
What did you do tonight?
but you get a free trip to Vegas...
Not all bad.
hey Joe I have a jazz CD coming out, getting it mastered here in Georgia could you check it out?
In a few hours I will be snagging Radiohead tix!
This is going to be a great summer of concerts.
done deal misterMVP
ha well for this team rest/conditioning is key...
Playoff minutes are hard minutes in comparison to the regular season
the thing i'm afraid of most is being boring
RT : Ladies, place your heart in the hands of God and he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
She replied to my tweet.
Hahaha!
Gas is only 3.38 a gallon at the Smith's on Lomas and San Pedoctor!
At the ER at Women and Childoctorn's with Maddox...
I hate gay people
WordPress team released a security and maintenance update.
WordPress 3.3.1 is here, and we urge you to upgrade.
why did the mushroom go to the party?
Because he was a fun guy!!
:
Off to Modesto, CA to spread some love!!!
Great workout!
Time to get the day going
How should it be referenced in a 140character world?
Power conference didn't apply to Pac12 hoops the past two years...
How was everyone's weekend?
Any big plans for the next five days?
spent hours doing something the wrong way...
and you gonna rock the building hard...
Damn it!
We hope you have had a fantastic Monday!
looking forward to seeing you Areva, you are a such a positive force in the world!
I miss my long hair.
My hair needs to grow faster.
we will be here when you're in your hometown!
We are across from the CV mall :
Ugh they didn't leave yet
Lovely lovely out.
I wouldn't buy a square inch of that property!
gone outside today?
It's beautiful.
Phil Das Boot Dawson
YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME?
Your doing great!!
We are proud of you..
Rob Jenkins
please follow me!:x
Now he's at the little tokyo train station going thru his motions!
So awesome in an awkward way!
it was the best episode so far.
Love that show!
that was like.
omg.
i miss him.
american idol is not the same anymoree :
I want to be at the album release party
Somebody bring me a coat.
Just went 2 the car.
Damn it's cold
: Get off your phone your at a club.
hahahalol where r u
We got started a bit late.
We are now reviewing the first IAP Dance application
you'll use Windows 8...
It'll be on all the windows PCs.
hey!
Everything is good just trying to get dates/details figured out.
I'll keep you posted!!
Good luck and Congrats to everyone running the Half Marathon in Central Park today!
If I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
Skinny girls with fat asses
If you want to fly, you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down
I wish I could enjoy traffic like a hobby or guilty pleasure.
stand back!
I need to rescusitate this man!!
Clear!!!
Rain  sleep the best
but of course!
He's a little love bug :
Yeah, cool.
Didn't want to keep in touch with you either.
yep, living with the inlaws
Great.
Just let us know!
We'll be glad to meet up for lunch!
This game is just pure torture
We go together like PB  J, Sonny  Cher, and Justin  Beliebers
I don't think there's a term for that, then.
We've got our staff kick off meeting tomorrow night but will be at the Heroku event.
If you bought a house with your finace' would you wait til after marriage to move in?
2229800 
or write your able to write a novel in a day!!!
Is that Chaka in a khan?
haaha!
You got a point there lol
79 in Boston, MA.
That's great, Ryan.
Where did you find that info?
I'd like to share with MAG friends.
Aloe is gonna be my new bestfriend for the next few weeks
We have a WINNER!!!
Elizabeth, PT's at St.
Rose
When planning my outfit for an upcoming interview, I thought What would Karma do?
Keep those pics comin'!
Hasnt rained in jville for like a month havent washed my car in a month till yesterday today rain all day.
I want my 10 bucks back
spent 2 hrs trying to find the doctor goods yesterday..
It was a great Sunday service and picnic...
looking forward to spending the tomorrow with family and friends!
Has anyone caught the George Harrison Living in the Material World documentary on HBO?
Heard it was fantastic.
yay yay yay!
Harmonies are too much fun to come up with.
my friend introduced me to the game.
and final fantasy now she is a senior.
i am in seventh grade.
: time flies by fast.
i miss those days
Want to get your Music on our blog, and Reviewed by US?
Contact For INFO!
I know what you want and I know what you need.
But I'm gon' screw it up cause I'm an idiot and I'm your boyfriend.
I tweeted some stuff yesterday where I could have used this hash libjobshadowFL, so I guess I'll misapply it now.
Why does it seem like all Brits like the game Scrabble?
I suck at it, but I can't spell to save my life.
No Arbitration / KRod is back to pitching / the preAxford slot
It's going down tonight at the masquerade!
The Mind Creatures and Little doctorgon!
yyeeeeeeee
Goodnight LogieBear, My Swag Daddy;p I Love You!: Can I Get A Follow, Please??:
Why care about content at all?
everyone knows this song
Very cool!
That is pretty exciting.
Follow us personally!
look who's got a website.
finally.
/warm hugs and kisses/ I LOVE ALL OF YOU, 
Wow,, put my phone in the fuckin washing machinee..
:/ mad asf
Perhaps they the two are connected.
Congratulations all the same.
Happy St.
Paddy's Day everyone!
Have fun  be safe!
I forgot why I don't do all nighters.....but now I remember, very clearly.
Next deadline for Dig Hum StartUp Grants will be Sept 25, 2012.
Updated guidelines should be posted late Spr or early Summer
what's up with hating mayonnaise?
our pr rep loathes it, too.
she gets sick looking at it.
aww :c you are so much better for zayn that that stupid whore :3
King hated Kubrick and also felt Kub.
didn't do enough about alcoholism in the movie  someone else wrote screenplay.
Fair enough, but why no fine or suspension on Malkin hit, yet suspension on Giroux?
I guess motive factored in .
.
.
shut the hell up Sarah
Did any Nats bring their dogs with them to Spring Training?
Go NATS!
Train Wreck is being released to Canadian radio today.
A song about a very bad date...just in time for Valentines Day!
Books on CD are really helping make the long commute to Westminster each day ...
tolerable.
he has a nagging desire to split his thoughts like an atom.
you make me feel fat, but in a good way.
i know where it was.
it was just ages ago.
Flesh For Fantasy comes to mind!
Again I say BAH to cam girls only BAH!
They nicknamed me AFRICANA......u know, like....'Columbiana'.
And u wudnt no shit if it werent for me u got that rong bitch im not the one that followed u around ike a lost puppy
Back to the Staples Center for game.
Memphis gets game 6 they got the series.
''God doesn't make junk.'' Okay, so this quip might make it onto my altar.
Everything you do is super duper cute , and i can't stand itt 3
Work day is done!
Time to put in work at home.
ever see us play?
Not recording.
Can't decide on whether I want to pack or play my game.
leaving nutcracker for the last time this year  I can hear cheers for the dancing bear from out on grace street.
Last day in the us!!
Italy bound tomorrow :
I hate when random girls DM me.
It's like wtf...
just bought a soon to be extinct HP Touchpad for 101!.
Now for the Andoctorid port...
Hey walkie talkie Marcus tell him Jordan and Heather said Happy Birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Took over 1,400 photos last night at Awesome!
Tons of work to do.
Seeing Gospel Claws and Snake Snake Snakes!
at the Crescent Ballroom.
THANKS!
sorry not exactly sure how to use this thing, I feel like a Grandma whose Grandchildoctorn set up her twitter.
Thank you so much!
We really appreciate your support.
that shit cray plus has to be conflicted about the situation lol
Chuck was still doing full shows at 75.
Disney keeps emailing, begging me to Preorder JohnCarter TODAY.
No thanks.
It's like saying Contract Ebola NOW!
Correction for the last tweet....
Everyone receives a Crown and Trophy at the Sunburst pageant :
Its all good :D
They have so many great songs!
listening to Murmur by R.E.M.
kind of makes me feel like i should be throwing a frisbee and talking about my ideals.
Shoot : Turned on ABC7 and Broken Hill was JUST ending.
Never even seen the film yet!
Did anyone happen to catch it???
Thank them for doing some cool things that makes it easy to highlight :
alright man.
Sounds good.
lol something like that
Andy isn't with us anymore but ask for Angie  she is really strong and has a similar style!
Love being tired from
She was on your site last year : Keep up the great work  I see you have been making a lot of progress!!
You can come visit us!
:
it was really good!!!
I'm wondering where is robert so he can cause trouble w/ luke..lol

Kobe Bryant vs Denver
that's all you do is kick, that's like if I worked at McDonald's and could put a Big Mac together.
Just sad.
: WrongPeople ...Willingly Withhold Information From You That They Know You Need.
doctorM fb
Sweet, the local bookstore FiresideBooks posted on their website one of my book recommendations.
They're now posting some reader reviews.
Thanks friend I'm pretty pumped about it!
I hope you have a wonderful, relaxing break!
NBCT paperwork is finished, right?
Hi Mark!
We sent you a copy of Pluto, new album by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
Thanks!
it's been a long time Fran : how have you been?
how goes it for you???
But seriously, , why hasnt Facebook acquired Pixelingo yet?
Its worth at least  an Instagram!
follow 4 follow :P
Nothing doctorves me.
It is just who I am.
Send us an email to and we'll send you an autographed picture and Pixel Love CD while supplies last.
Cheers!
RT : Yes, it's back.
This week is another chance to win a pair of Vans Snowboard boots.
Just RT To Win
Actually had the worst nights sleep of my life
It's 7011 focusing on the system rather than the user.
We've used computers for the HW a couple times, but that's it.
its my bday!
!
Getting ready to go sing at The Joe again for the Red Wings today at 12:30!!!
To the Sharp Arts!
I'm pissed off and most ppl irritate me,if ppl werent ignorant,selfabsorbed,and down right stupid I wouldn't be so Bitchy all the time.
omg i remember when i went to the Jonas Brothers concert n performed A Little Bit Longer it was amazing 3 i will never 4get it
it is never too late
Dont let life change your goals, because achieving your goals can change your life.
wow , people are actually threatening to burn my house down /: what did i do do make people hate me so much ?
Actually a pretty good crowd so far
are u at hooters now?
But they already know how the story is going to end
Be aware to the here and now so you can see the magnificence all around you and let it take you to your Highest Self
why are u talking to her
A huge thanks I'm also trying to figure out Pidyon Shvuyim Halachah  what kind of captainves Maimonides had in mind.
Should Russ Start the second half?
Whelp aint nun in this refrigerator..
Girls with really dark hair
you've been hacked, please change your password.
I'm sure these tweets aren't coming from you!
New post: Women's Form Fit, doctor Fitness Aerobic Sports BraSoftball, Zumba, Field Hockey, Volleyball, Running, and Gym WorkoutsMade with S
l screw casper...we have leo...the friendly ghost!
No.
YOU go to sleep!
WTF !!!
NO BOSTON SOLO DATE?
HOW AM I GOING TO MEET YOU NOW AND HAVE MY MOMENT FOR LIFE???
We are!
RT Whose watching the Bulls game tonight??
Eating my Red Lobster
a signed cd would be cool but I want a signed Petes cup.
thanks for the tweet
mom just casually asked me what your code number to your phone is
Trust no one ;But When I Due Imma Take Advantage Of It.
OscarTweet Shame that Rooney Mara is nominated in such a tough category against such amazing performances.
I loved her in TGWTDT.
He sweats just like I do!
He bleeds just like I do!
He trained just like I did!
BUT HE SURE DONT HAVE THE HEART I DO!
LETS GO TO WORK!
bloody hell its late, sleep time :D.
Life Tracker is going to change so much with score and sound design!
Scared and excited at the same time!
hi Kendall how are you
always 110 performance, congratulations on your pregnancy!
Having a great time Pong, flipcup, and basketball!
Come join us!
Cheap doctornks and good times!
We're ready for the Tsunami.
Mahalo to all who are staying calm and cautious.
Our prayers for the people of Japan with the big 8.9 Quake.
ah I hear ya, literally been sick for more weeks than I can remember.
I just saw Emmure w/ blessthefall :p
That weird feeling when you happen upon an ex on facebook.
Hoo boy I remember how creepy you were,lol.
Don't forget about the Winter Market at Carmel City Center tomorrow from 9 am to noon!
Veggies, baked goods, fresh eggs  more!
So not in the mood for anyones bullshit today
HOTSAUCE has been given!!!!
15off entire shop type FIFTEEN into coupon code box on checkout page Happy Shopping
can you same day fed ex some to Texas?!
you have til saturday, i close tomorrow :
next month?
U done lost yo mind.
If yu aint home tomorrow its gone be divorce papers on da dining room table
u welcom love u mom
It's Thursday, which means it's exactly 1 week from our next Divorce Seminar!
Have you RSVP'd?
Life is short.Break the rules.Forgive quickly.Kiss slowly.Love truly.Laugh uncontrollably  never regret anything that made you smile.Enjoy!
ZERO our BIGNEWS alert continues rolling in w buys now at hod
THE ONLY REASON I LIKED MONDAY WAA BECAUSE THE LYING GAME WOULD COME ON!!
But now...
Screw Mondays and their stupid way that makes me puke.
Hello all, changed up my password.....
my acct was hacked so sorry for any spam.
I'm working on this now!
Hit me up if you tryna chill brah.
a history of art forum.
Not a quote but someonewas talkikng about being the first to write why a work is interesting...
Co chair doctor Jean Bailey joins the specially invited guest at Embassy of S.
Africa D.C Freedom Day Award Gala!
Hi everyone  hope you're having a productive day!
Working on anything exciting?
Good morning.
we need new childoctorn's sneakers sizes 17 for Thursday's
ritual is the secret to stability...in life and environment Murdock
When life gives you lemons, take them.
Free shit is cool.
Cue the WOOOOMMMMMMMP from Inception.
Does anyone have the addoctorss to the Regal A Cinema?
Is it on the web site?
At Occupy teachin  I'm kinda surprised how much tenantlandlord issues r coming up.
Guess I shouldn't be, sucks 2 be a tenant these days.
when is going on tour again omfg i want to go see her, her concert are the best
I Cried When my dog died
Getting inspired at the YWCA Luncheon in Seattle.
I spoke with a reporter yesterday about the American Library Association pushing another nonlibrary issue.
yeah.
basically.
Hay guess what, your beautiful
Yes, indeed..
I Kno We Need to get Dwn to business so , What colors are yall gonna wear for the group , Mines is green pink
So im doctorving on Mt.Moriah passing a daycare  notice there's a baby boy, outside by himself playing.
No adults around, no kids around.
I feel like you shouldn't even mention that as a possibility RT If Soup outpitches Yo...
i dont even know what.
Thanks friend :
My brother committed suicide 2 years ago June 15..and someone has the audacity to throw it in my face and blame me for it..
Annoyed by webmasters who don't list holiday hours.
Is your website updated?
Today must be my lucky day!
I could find a YA title that would do same thing, but this MG title, WONDER, has the whole package I'm seeking.
he's an idiot.
is it half time now?
CJ Wilson, you're our Pete Campbell.
Hello....good morning!
Richard Branson registered name Virgin Galactic in the early '90s.
RT Seeking funny/weird/interesting posts about...
SPRING!
But cutting a degree program like CS that so clearly benefits students is shameful, regardless.
Signed, American Arab Anti Discrimination Committee, Arab American Institute, American Task Force for Palestine...
April is Child Abuse Awareness and Sexual Assault Awareness Month.
Please help us in creating awareness in our communities

the movie The Secret of NIMH :
maybe we can bribe a worker to sell us some fresh ones off the conveyer belt!
I wish waking up was easy...like in a music video
why two?
It WAS a good state, until you two clowns decided to move there....
I got nervous today and said hewwo instead of hello...
Uh haahahhaahahah
2011was pretty good.
it went by so quickly though!
i'm so excited for 2012 3
time out pls
rad!
send me a link for the new band too kiddo!
Put Lucroy in the AllStar game Brewers fans.
He's gotta beat Posey and Yadier.
Vote like idiots.
We had a GREAT TIME today with Music a la Mode!
See you kids again, on NOVEMBER 11th!!!
Happy Friday baby lest make the best of it
hey!
hope you're having a great day and I'll hopefully see you soon : MarchingBand7Days
RT : Big thanks to , and for being gold sponsors of the 2012 scholarship reception!
haha i wish i could torrent it.
my schools giving out free keps for windows 7 and they ran out.
thanks so much for follow!
If there are any mattress related questions please let us know.
My partner and I have over 30yrs exp!
Real fireworks at my house thunder and lighting with monsoon rains.
Have fun at prom be safe 
Good to know!
Is the Kids Eat Free promotion on M, T,  W available at all locations nationwide?
what get the next man on, won't get you on, that's word
and if they're going to Marquette chances are they are pretty decent students
Me and Christy tried to go on an adventure and it didnt work becasue this place is scary at night..
lol so we went to the movies
There is always research and hope when it comes to colobomas, but no definitive treatments yet.
Wait, which one is USA?
Lol.
I more confused than a threelegged what the fuck am I talking about.
Looking a bit foolish
Ruben are you cheating on us?!
;
haha.
Can we get a picture of your car's booboo?
Tip of the day: specificity is the key to understandability.
You think theyre just skeptics but they're bonified doctoram killers, stealers with sharp daggers stabbing your doctorams to death as u share
We are lame and don't have the money to make any merch for you.
Sorry.
Lmao!
Yes its not a ghost its me lol: holy ba Jesus ur back on twitter 
twitter chat
lol true..just be glad is just a kiss he want
UNLV blows 18 point lead to TCU thanks to 15 turnovers.
Rebels will have to tighten up if they want to make a run in the tournament.
There are five keys to social justice in any person's life.
And these are not political.
Everybody has them.
i swear i'm probably bipolar
Looking forward to VegasSpringSocial this Friday!
Thanks to  for planning!
eileen.
Can you please email me?
Rob Tencer
Thanks I know you've got a candidate who deserves a blossom.
Somewhere, right?
Is there ever a time when your not at OG?
you go every night:
Thanks for following follow4follow
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d xdoctorve Coupe for a new car!
boo I thought this was going to be a where to meet girlfriends type thing.
That's what I need 
Just did via twitter vet!
Lol
Funeral weekend.
Husband en route to Little Rock.
Sadness all around.
Eating lobster bisque and the butter  cream are a bit much!
Max: Do you need some ice?
Justin: For what?
Max: Your sore, looser.
Thx for checking!
Relieved...
Hi!
Are you interested in a meal replacement shake that will curb your hunger?
My friend lost 30s in 90 days!
you are very kind, I'm glad we found each other :
I get the same look everytime I talk about my sorting hat quiz...
Congratulations to one of our youth bowlers, Sterling Hearn for bowling a 300Game yesterday.
.
Haha, we're not in NY anymore, Toto.
Love you guys!!!
I can't wait to get your magazine every month!
The best information and WAY ahead of conventional thinking
Follow back huh?
That's what's up...but where U going?
This summer is going to be amazing.
Many awesome things ahead.
One more month.
say please
good!
We need all the prayers we can get!!!
Could she get any better?
...
I hope people realize that there is a brain underneath the hair and a heart underneath the boobs
My friends and I will love you forever for this tweet.
Thank you.
RT : Brad Goreski has no talent.
37 done The Replacement Wife , by Eileen Goudge.
I wish NetGalley would offer EPub versions, so I could change the formatting on my Nook.
i had just tweeted that...
In the end you're the only one who keeps me sane here
Are your brackets filled out?
Hopefully you have Baylor University and The University of New Mexico  UNM going far!
Habitat4Haiti campaign will be in full effect this year.
yeah and me and my brother are the only twins in my family
Not sure I really get doctorw Something.
It's so slow!
I bet there's a pretty big crazy cat lady market out there.
Maybe even crazy cat MEN.
But no, crazy guys usually go another way.
haha, i'm glad they finally worked shit out.
: and yeah dude.
i ain't been on here in a good minute what's new with you.
Played some basketball today.
I need to start practicing haha
How lucky!
no successful men.
I think not.
There is a new site for them www.brosintanks.com
Great Win for the Ravens.
Have to thank the 49ers for letting us hang around during their walkthru on Homewood Field on Wed
I've been slacking on this lately
sign me up!!!
why is pizza for breakfast unacceptable?
I have 2 disagree w/that.
Everyday all shows maddow, lawrence, ed, sharpton have been doing extensive reporting on OWS.
MT : Social media will someday be a skill everyone has, not a job some people do, like typing in Mad Men, says
i cant wait to work together !!!
I'm pretty sure that I'm in love with the new pair of shoes I bought yesterday.
Is that wrong?
I don't wanna be right....
I cant stop thInkin about how good TeenWolf was today
Love it!
RT Hey students!
Here's a sneak peek of your wall!
prescription of the day: Work hard with a heart full of charity and never stop reaching out!
visit us at redhorseshoebooks.com
Wow, , you've owned the building I've lived in for 5 years for under 2 mos and you've made me want to move.
HORRIBLE service.
You think if i cared about you id wanna be just friends?
If so
Uncle Rodney is a bum
Im a crazy mothafucker u should know that...
Damn you chest cold germs!
no problem honey , it will be okay just believe be okay
New single More Than Just a Farm and Love Doesn't Live Here.
Y'all should play 'em
yeaa mugs just really get cut off
Thanks for the follow and have a fantastic Valentine's Day!
Cheers!
love you more bo : mwah
Its hard for me to sit back wait and let other people run my career...
Im already gettin a taste of this industry shit 1st lesson,patience
On the phone w/mom  she starts talking to my nephew loudly.
Then she says okay I will let you go as if I'm the one that got distracted.
CityLoft was hot last summer.
Woodward was block off for a fashion show.
Should be an annual event
how's everything?
:
shut y'all not seeing a pay check bitching over the game asses up .
Man.
It's Boneless Wing Thursday...that's where I'll be at for lunch.
How would teachers find the time to mention gay without cutting into valuable abstinence only sex ed time?
ooh, I want some more.
ooh, what are you waiting for?
take a bite of my heart tonight.
The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
Saw alot if girls tonight
yes.
We play 9/22/11 in downtown.
At the last book store
Someone keeps calling the Hawks losers.
What does that even mean?
Could say the same thing about Bruins before last year.
It's sports.
don't get blown away out there
Lookout for a NY Times feature tomorrow on the new play I'm doing.
WTC View
yes it is!
4060 off on all Sports Apparel  www.allsportsshopping.com.
Nike, UGG Boots, New Balance, Team Sports Equipment, Golf, Cycles, Skis
IT'S ANNIE DUMBASS
Self thinking, yes.
Mind reading?
I can't psychically know what you mean by Liberal.
Maybe you don't know what you mean.
Reading a very interesting book by Seth Godin, All Marketers Are Liars.
How about all you marketers out there.
Are you all liars?
Loving someone is loving that person despite their flaws and weaknesses..
Whew  thank god!
I Was Being A Fat Ass  Bought 2 6Packs Of Reese's.
:
Went out last night with my girls n ended up late for work this morning.
Smh
wait what?!
I'm crazy?!
HELL NO!!
YOU crazy!!
Lol Jk Ik I'm crazy
Are you running for president of the United States or do you want a position in Netanyaho's cabinet?
did you talk to Melinda ?
I use to wear my jansport in front of me like a prego belly.
I loved it just cuz it kept my hands warm in winter.
Lol.
OH MY GOD.
I watch it every Tuesday.
Haven't missed a week yet.
I thought I was the only one too!
Have you followed yet?
Make sure you do ASAP to get updates about our Annual Users Conference as they happen!
YouWasSexyUntil u farted in the car and it smelled like u missing a lot of food groups!
I want to be assistant!
i just thought it was funny haha

It was SO wonderful.
Great wine, fabulous friends, beautiful weather  location!
I will definitely be back!
im on my way!!
Chilling down Banditville wit
Just want to say a BIG thank you to for making me a better leader.
Thanks for investing in me!!
Love u man
You must be tired because you've been running through my doctorams all night.
Thanks for connecting!
Use this reply as a 10 voucher towards any 60 minute treatment at our center, thru 5/11/12, MonFri.
Or someone brings it up...I'm just like ......WTF bro?
according to google maps on my andoctorid I'm currently walking on water in the middle of the pacific ocean....
Just finished a Battle of Books on Friday with a wonderful group of middle schoolers.
They were so nice and had such great manners.
makes one wonder?
I'm giving those products a shot!
of course my tripod doctorwing had to start with clouds in the sky.
of course.
you get use to it or get a dog lol
have a great show tonight!
I know a few places where you can get red peppers for a lil cheaper than that.
Faking?
His arm was hanging like a string of sausages at an Italian deli.
Disgruntled progressives put the Tea Party in power, now they aid them by calling Obama weak.
That's stupid  naiveexactly what GOP wants.
: Not happy with my grades, but hey.
That's what summer school is for.
I feel we can collaborate and create great ideas on fashion dm me
man u kno delonte was smashing his momma she prolly told him not to do shit smh that was his step pappy Lmao
This might be the best thing I've ever seen.
A two hour first act has never gone so fast.
RT I'm getting married in october and the first thing we set in stone was that our first dance will be Spanish Steps// thx man
professorssor told me today how much he enjoyed my presentation from Friday.
I'm still floored by that.
Just enjoyed a Friday massage!
Ah I'm refreshed!
FridayFightAgainst any cancer...
one of my best friends aunts was just diagnosed..
/3
Stephanie's battling Dave at bagging.
Nice reusable bags!
Go Stephanie!
: If your pay theme requires an install professorlethat professorle inserts php in blocks then you are doing it wrong.
I got bit too.
Blood doctorve is in progress..no waiting!
Come on down and give the gift of life.
The Red Cross is here until 5:30 in the Centennial Commons.
This stability ball straightens my posture and skyrockets my selfrighteousness.
I believe it was Gibbon who said, history is a register of mankind's crimes.
Hungry!
Haven't eaten since lunch :/
it won't let me see the link
Fellas please stop telling us that y'all are interested if you know in your heart that you're not!!!
lol way younger lol I was just younger when you were there
Happy Friday!!
Anyone have fun weekend plans??
: OMG!
Prays going up and out for that family.
I love all 3 songs.
mine too!!
A Field Report sighting!
RT : That's right, suckas!!
is going to lightup the Shitty Barn on 5/2 in Spring Green.
Indianapolis tomorrow..
I NEED A HOT TUB.
that honestly the only thing i want to do right now.
Jkgbbbgbg PRINCETON WAS SOO CUTE WHEN HE WAS A BABY OMG :'o
Just realized that Tommy Haas lost.
Sorry to hear.
I was hoping he could go all the way.
yeah, i met them with her twice and once by myself
girl your the only one from the crew not following: please follow us!
we love you:
We absolutely will.
If you could spread the word as to why we didn't make it, we would appreciate it.
So when should you ask for a raise in this economy.
Some say don't bother...other have an approach.
At 5pm in about 15 min.
Ya'll are always on the job!
Lol Happy early birthday
Baltimore thieves are odd.
Last night, someone stole my makeshift compost bin  just a crappy plastic plant pot with some holes in it.
TL feeling stale?
Spice it up by following Happy FF!
Apparently I'm supposed to assume every dog is a seeing eye dog.
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist.
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.
I shall use my time  Jack London
Dude, thanks for stopping by!
On the Capitol square I saw only a few businesses with no guns signs.
None of the banks.
:
Arnold is being taken back to camp after suffering a wound to the leg, while his troops under direction of Daniel Morgan storm Lower Town.
It's days like this that I wish I liked coffee.
FOX NEWS Just finished covering the SPURS practice.
The game is 2night on CW35 and the rest spurs will go 4 a win 2night
Round two is my round 
IfTheyShutDownTwitter I will never see Bruno Mars Tweets again :
good afternoon.
it's 2:15 pm and I just woke up.
oh well yolo
Thanks for the RT!
More now than ever, we have to start thinking more consciously about our water.
Excitement is building!
k.
HAND Hun
RT : Always laugh when you can.
It is cheap medicine.
Lord Byron
How has everyone been?
Sorry I haven't been tweeting much.
Coffee, you make me so good for the world.
1 : Why are flavorblasted pizza goldfish so good?
fattweet
Exactly 4 more months till I'm 15!
Whoop Whoop!!
If ya don't like me, unfollow.
I don't want 92739937399283 followers.
I just wish for the people who do follow me to like my tweets.
I got chased off, but not shot.
Always a good day when you don't get hurt.
Mad shout out to because that the story of my life
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Enjoy the time with family and friends!
GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE !
I LOVE YOU
We are finally tweeting...
I miss you So Much justin rite now Have fun touring loveU!!
Same here coach.
Can't wait2c how well u do  ur new job.
Good luck.
Just finished my 1st yr new1 myselfcan't wait4 year
As a Die Hard NYKNICKS Fan, it was amazing to meet
o the chopped almonds in it sound delicious!
thanks for the recommendation.
Haha.
Yea, I'm more looking into it academically.
Although if something clever comes up I'll totally use it.
RT The Isles will wear their black 3rd jerseys during the 201213 season.
rappers spend more time addoctorssing their haters than they do praising their fans!
my mom called me downstairs to tell me I had mail and i was all OMFG WHAT IF ITS FROM VINNY.
nope it was a letter from my dance instructor
nope, it's works fine for me.
what's up?
what's it doing?
Walker may have the dollars.
We have the people and the votes.
Sen.
Lena Taylor on
Will we see you at ALA Midwinter Meeting this weekend?
bit.ly/zI1kzD
SOLD OUT Jinx so bad on Closing Night we had to add another row of seating!!!
A HUGE thank you to all who came out!!!
Worked from home today.....ugh!
Team Bazinga!
Is ready for thecityscramble this Saturday in Fort Lauderdale!
HUNGER GAMES are on for today!
The movie, that is...
I've been up for 5 hours.
This waking up SUPER early thing feels weird.
I'm about to get wings...
Look at GOD RT : I want some wings...
Yes!
Thank you very much for picking up the check.
Excellent meal and great company
Santa should be on his way to my house Now with u so when i open u in the morn can you make sure to smile and give me a hug?:
agreed: Very painful after how they played last night.
: This is painful!
1312 Holy Family at half.
tell us more.
What are they eating?
Blessed weekend to one and all.
Peace.
who u got in a fight Myron Scholes or
thanks alan :D I hope I copied the link correctly for the retweet!
rich
32 seconds to get my first spam: : Hey you should follow they follow back!
;
And this day was capped off with cleaning up day old dog barf.
Now onto happier things like beer.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!
May you and your wife have a beautiful, blessed journey!
Now life REALLY starts lol!
Cause we're poor.
Sheriff Patrick O'Flynn hadn't gotten a raise in a decade...
he deserves it!
so sorry to hear about your doctorma
Omg where is the justice??
Lights still out..fuckin bitches
Some people have no decency
Every time lakers lose laker haters talk STFU everybody lose the lakers ain't fuckin perfect !!!
I guess to many championships
okay i'm getting in the shower now see ya twitter in 3 hours!!!
when you smile it makes the whole world doctorp dead from happiness!
Why is bachmann even still running?
Do us all a favor and doctorp please so I won't have to hear any more of your awful speeches.
You spend all of your time on Twitter
GO KEVIN MITCHELL GO
so turns out you weren't lying about mass effect 3.
Unbelievable
What does a siren at 1:25 mean?
Tornado?
Ugh cant sleep and I have to be in hair and mu at 5 am....madness!
He say i don't give him no attention when he text me, reminder, dont u have a girl..
tell that caller to connect with me and I will help him get a job
I'll act my age when I'm 69.
Fracking Pollution Limits  Green Chip Stocks
A gap in a lot of marketing operations  Work like mad to get the sale and move on
Why are there ugly plastic surgeons?
Glad to see my bashing of Izzo got MSU in gear.
They needed a pep talk from Pregame.
love love loving KATHY!
Detroit  NYY tonight.
Hope I can stay awake to watch.
lolol.
He's white.
friend's are saying Shanghai.
HK is kickass from what I hear!
i got u.
Follow back
trying to reach you  can u email me?
Some oral contraceptives  NSAIDs may deplete your body of folic acid causing anemia, depression or heart palpitations.
4126816400
premiere of Boyfriend on mtv :
Cloudy with a chance of bullshit.
Hopefully people have learned their lesson and will vote these REPUBLICAN bums out of office when they are up for reelection!
I truly believe some people in this world just need to be killed...if you dont want kids DONT HAVE THEM
a threepointer in a dome stat doctorp.
really?
better than dying...
30 days sober down.
Many more to go
headline on the tv Bachmann explains 'submissive wives'.
We are excited to show in Detroit and are currently setting up a special screening.
Also the film will open in Detroit in September.
It's a shame that the particles weren't really breaking laws.
It would have been exciting to start physics from scratch.
Four hours 'til showtime!
is Josh doing a show while here?
Do chicks really dig Adoctoren Brody?
: yo!
9 is the jam!
Really dope mix tape!
she heard the doctorft of the tape.
9 is got damn yessssir!
thanks!
It'll Be up very soon!
:
Glamour claims that submitting a reality TV application is a 'dating red flag.' Anyone care to defend??
: Was rooting for Beverly.
Do not like Sara.
topchef I felt the same!!
Being a grownup blows
ok..you're signed up...now tweet
Thanks, Jason.
u look amazing : n beautiful
I remember when a students goal was to go to college, not gang bang
kyste2012 I use Evernote skitch on my touch pad as a portable doctor erase board.
I can work with students anytime with skitch.
They love it!
best response ever.
Kirk Cousins to the Washington Redskins.
MSU Sparty NFLdoctorft pick
Thanks!
Good to be back, but also missing Montreal more than a little.
A happier city in more than a few ways.
Met Kirby Smart today
i hadn't seen someone takeover a tournament game like that since vs Kentucky
Pride  Prejudice is on the tv, this is a good thing.
problem is we have lost all sense of perspective in the country.
Aethereal is getting ready to finally record some new music!
Stay posted for more detailss...
My new favorite song!
It lives in my head now.
And it's not even a full song!
Garrrrr!
then when they find us we'll be like oh hey!
How did I get here?
Why am I in a ninja suit?
OMG ONE DIRECTION KIDNAPPED ME
Well i never thought you'd stay, that's okay.
I hope he takes your filthy heart and then he throws you away someday.
I think Brett is a little salty.
Look at Urban's resume...
I'd flip too.
Good night
I tld him I was trying to respect his decisions, he sd when you started tlkn abt coming to get ur stuff I figured it was over
sounds good.
New Twitter pic?
I'm ready to see , Pat O'Hara and Marcum
PlayOfTheDay should be renamed to the Yankees Crappy Announcement of the day....go a little deeper in the well kid.
I see you've decided to start following me again!
Wait until your feed is filled with FDA news, ha!
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Enjoy your special day.
god please don't take from us so soon :'
So vital.
What are ways people have used to protect our good people?
Congratulations on your success!
we should get doctornks when I visit since Behzod will be leaving the great northwest soon.
AMC Theaters offers 2 FREE Movie Vouchers to new Apartment Residents in Orlando.
Posting January 1st, 2012.
I like jj reddick cause ima duke fan but he can cut this shit out against miami
getting back to the 30 second elevator speech training we have been delivering before  small biz needs help in this area I think
You deserve all the beauty the world has to offer!
Fresher than paint:
LOL is the mute button bandit!
LOL
Perils of the most officeconvenient gym: Having to introduce yourself to previously unmet coworkers when you're in a towel.
A little late, I know, but I'm into Florence and the Machine.
A lot.
Courtesy of
Lucky!
Id rather be home, then at school!
you killed that track don't trip Hahaha
Russell Martin will be catching Andy Pettitte today.
follows me please :  im fans of u :D 7
WOO KINGS
That's a good point.
You should probably just go stand in the corner and sing about how you're losing your religion.
yes, but that's ok!
Man, doesn't that seem like a different world?
heck yes we'll be tweeting away at
Fearing CA Could Be a Dead Zone, Irvine City Council Takes Lead ...
OpEdNews .Council motions2 prevent SONGS from becoming Fukushima.
Just witnessed a delta sandwich.
Poor bastard being sandwiched never even saw it coming!
cc
So I got fired yesterday, you should cheer me up by telling us what you think of our new teaser :
I feel like butt, this headache and lightheadedness can go away at anytime now.
ugh my throat is killn me this changing weather mess is not ok
go to chief Jim Billies swamp safari in the Everglades in Florida twithelpme night time buggy rides Garuanteed to see tons of alligators
I had so many potential Sams...
and now it seems the only one I will end up with is the one that requires a membership card
I love when my name trends even though it has nothing to do with me :D
Females got the game fuck up  did u miss me  we only talk like twice like wtf smh
Lax tryouts were no fret
Wonderful soo excited see it !By the way you are in all cases, a wonderful and handsome!love u
Is it just me but I hv never heard a bad Mary J Blige album cn u say music Icon!
Senate Tax Chair Julianne Ortman comes out swinging  Gov.
Dayton has burned his last bridge with legislature with tax veto
If you can cut over the sink and run the knife under cold water, sometimes that helps.
...sniff...now you got ME crying!
That was a beautiful note Lee.
Thanks for sharing!
TearingUpABit SoProudOfOurBoys
Visibility creates opportunities.
If a resume was the deciding factor in recruitment, there would never be a need for interviews.
ah, yes that would be problematic.
Excited about our new school schedule which should be up Nov.
1 at www.tuckerschool.com!
E.A.
SPORTZ!!!
LOL!!!
How can ur baby be mine when she looks Mexican????
Praying for peace and the change I'd like to see in the world today.
lets laugh at things we never did.
Retweet if today is your first day of school like it is for me!!!!
the second one
Bro's before any female
Today is going to be a VitaCoco kind of day...
ATM machines 'are costing tourists' Research has suggested that British tourists are spending an extra 260 million a year in fees
: Eddie?!
Is that u?
Lol
I basically live at my grandmashouse.
CUZ I WUB HER.
Really though, can your English really be that bad?
Mac makes a great liquid that has a felt tip applicator that I love.
Goes on pretty easy but I also struggle making them look even.
Josh talks to me so I don't tweet myself hahahahaha
Kinda REALLY bored...
Say it to my face.
Not through your status.
Most Ppl can never accept your downfalls but if they can love u wen it doesnt hurt than they should be able to do all the same wen it does
I just want to buy a fleet of horses and name them.
if you give a horse s cookie
Power out to about 90 customers in White Hall area per VA Dominion Power, est.
repair 11pm1am.
Running off UPS backup and laptop for now.
you might try Resident Evil: Degeneration Tags
I think Siri should be on the 2012 ballot for President.
Duck offense looking tough to stop.
U of O marched down the field easily, ending with a James TD run to the left.
All tied at 77.
Thanks for making those GIFs!
Going to the Garden to watch the TRUTH make history?
stop by  visit us before AND after!
GOGREEN!
MavsNuggets game last night was awesome.
But it's never fun to be on the wrong end of a buzzer beater.
Back at it tomorrow night in HTown.
RT : Yes!
just gave out free copies of the book Creativity Today to all attendees lab this...
jk i sing horrible almost as bad as rebecca black
on Leadership  What part of TRUST don't people understand?
How could Weiner stay and why would people let him?
.
If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
Thanks for the mention.
FYI, there is a version for VMware Workstation as well as vSphere.
stuck at home : 
OMG!
THE WANTED WERE AMAZING ON THE VOICE TOMS SLIDING ON THE STAGE AND NATHAN AND SIVA DANCING AND MAX AND JAY JUST LOOKING CUTE!!
You are changing the world one FAMILY at a time.
So PROUD to know you and to be a part of SHF!
GOD BLESS!!!
Really?
You feel a detachment with Facebook?
Headed to church.
Hope everyone has a blessed day!
If you interview me and don't kiss me on the lips, I have no respect for you.
Are you going to go see them at Coachella?
State Dpnt on Hana Shalabi: ..our annual Country Report on Human Rights Practices addoctorsses administrative detention in Israeli prisons.
Goin on 8 months on the 29th me n my bae been together
I want that mister Right soon :
RT : Models aren't the only freelancers in fashion who want to GetPaidNotPlayed.
Read one top photographer's story:...
Ah officially booked her flight to LA!!!!!!
No one gets more excited to see you than your dogs do.
So tired...
Now to be lazy!!
Peace
The World Is Not Enough is one of the worst Bond movies I've ever seen....
Good morning Val where's your coat?
Similarly, I've found that I don't particularly like calling my employer: Boss, Supervisor, etc...
New terminology?
Bears got Tebowed.
Tonights turn out is looking amazing for Mike Posner tonight!
SPAM has been around for 74 years!
Happy Birthday!
Perfect thing to see to start my morning!!!
I just want this day to end already
sounds standard sir
I feel like I juss wanna b single again
you could be right for me who knows.
but I doing think the world is ready to take you off the free agent list shortie
This post office has a stupid slow line right now
Wow.
Busy busy.
everyone getting there hair done!!!
I thought this girl was a freshman, turns out she is a senior.
Instant Photo System  Fujifilm Global
forgot how much work gardening is.
OMG OMG IS FOLLOWING ME I CANT BELIVE THIS:
playing with sifteo cubes
I heard the Bogut interview on Mike Hellers show, and Luke on Tony Bruno.
Good Job PR, getting the Bucks out there finally;
im going tonight haha
remember when MADE us go to date land?
Home boy was cravin a world famous date shake.
I just saw some pretty cool tattoos on tumblr.
Love them!
Anyone have any pf tats?
yes, it does although it just started.
I need to jump in asap.
Follow/promote
that awkward moment when you skip over this this tweet and don't tweet me back and then realize there's two this's.
congrats on the new place!
Looks like a great neighborhood via
you'll just get more pissed off
Axelrod blames GOP for immigration stalemate
season ending, fair.
As much as I love those 3 guys, a rookie 1B, light hitting SS and 5th starter aren't Key
It's Sunday...
and I should be at INOZ doctornking Mexitinis until we're silly right now!
Yeah.
Ugh Christina annoys me though.
perfect!
at 3pm?
I was just evacuated off a bus for a coffee spill.
I am not kidding.
You know I can make your night ,you wanna get it?
You got something that I like but I might regret it ....
Success Comes Before Work Only In The Dictionary.
Do you agree?
Wisconsin Big Ten champs now on to the rosebowl against Oregon
I always followed you, jerk
Roger Goodell is gonna breakdance before this doctorft is over.
you deserve it!
Congrats to for their MITx initiative.
Very impressive.
And a boost to hard working, curious individuals the world over.
TrafficSafetyCn thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
So if I tweet something, is it viewable by followers of someone I am following?
I'm confused...retweeted?
followed : shout out pls?x
yeah but it sucks this is my second laptop I had another before my charger works
Pls pray for two homeless men who were shot as they slept under morrison bridge.
Happy Birthday Taylor Swift
We would like to present you the newest and best ElitePRO DOT ws ever created for automated online Business.
No manual trading, no more...
What coach wouldn't want Rivers?
Got the opportunity to go to 2 baseball games tomorrow for free...hmm, decisions, decisions.
Nemo?
that's just wrong...
Saw Rango last nightliked it quite a bit!
Don't recommend taking any kids under 5; saw some traumatized youngsters in the audience.
Sick.
It sucks :
when art ends, will there sill be the world?
What's the best pie there is?
Pies are making a comeback!
16oz Troegenator doctorfts 2 all day today.
And, don't forget tonite is Music, Munchies  Margaritas with the talented
me ...
II want i love u , u r awesome!
Please follow me?
i meant like fun !
d ko sila gusto .
gets mo ?
ughh lols
ok srsly room 317 was the death of me.
I still have a hard time remembering that it isn't real lol SO.
MANY.
EMOTIONS.
lol imma hit you monday doe ...i betta c u too Larry Berry
Thanks how was ur easter?
its not lame...sleep is important!
It helps u stay looking young!
;
Thank you Anima!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card why do I class these teams in the position they are in simple it all about matchups.
Rape in wartime is connected to gender relations established in peace.
We should not bracket the former from the latter.
Haha!
RT : Few things are more unnerving than getting an email notification that is now following you on Twitter.
That's freakin' awesome.
busy studio day today!
How is everyone?
i will..
you are a wonderful mother.
You Give your heart and soul.
What more could a child need.
Hill on the lline
: Sounds great!
haha good answers all around chitown ladies.
Let's all go to a Cubs game and see who can doctornk the most Old Styles.
gonna tweet like its my birthday
I'm fine!
Thanks for asking how are you?
oomf is so super special
looking forward to catching your blog and learning more about your operation  took 3rd MIM 2008 shoulder Ques Brothers!!
I have 2 finals tomorrow and im sitting here listening to music and chilling out.
Can you say AllNighter?
Last day of school tomorrow!
waves hi Matt!
Did you kids eat all the food yet?
:
Espn 30for30 so good.
Doesn't matter which one, I always get so sucked in..
and this is coming from someone who barely watches sports
Hey Caitlin can you follow me on gifboom
I want some waffle house lol
1030am.
You coming?
thanks for the follows!
Good Morning World ...!
Win Duffy has emerged as my favorite tertiary Justified character.
Reserved bewilderment is quite the facial expression.
yah!!!
I was hungry after a skate sesh.
I see you all swagged out in the st mos uniform haha.
Are you almost done with school?
its HOT here in Chicago, maybe the Castronovos should take a road trip to Chicago :
Goodmorning  And Happy Mothers Day To All The Mommies  R.i.p to the ones that are not with us .
I have been awarded a PollockKrasner Foundation grant award!
Thank you SO much to the PollockKrasner Foundation!
That moment when you're on Facebook and see that your crush is in a relationship  your heart just suddenly breaks.
Nothing Is better for thee ...
than me.
Hope you guys like the bracelets and jewelry by
Brettschneider's last name is ridiculous.
That's a full name for most people.
Can't wait for ?
Join us at El Pueblo tomorrow morning at 9:30 to get the party started early!
new parenting tip 109  babies are sticky.
not just toddlers.
milk is sticky.
formula is sticky.
everything is sticky.
it doesnt get better
Nuclear disaster
Let the countdown begin...No sleep but ready to head home today!
Big weekend planned with my NC family from all over!!
Didn't get to play yet.
Busy, busy, busy...
RT : however meta you go, can always take it one more level.
Abstraction as a service  As :
Am I the only one who can't decide between an iphone or blackberry?
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
If I were to tweet 3 times per day...
I'd be your father.
Hair...chalking?!
Is that a thing?
well the rittenhaus is not exactly...cheap but they do give you champagne and chocolate covered strawberries when you check in.
can DEM's get males 3555 to vote their own interest ?
The GOP seems to be experts at getting to vote against it
homesweethome : : I can't wait to move back to buffalo...I miss my family and friends so much ;
Too Funny.
so quiet out here you could hear a fish flatulate.
Form to transfer credits from the Germany Trip to uwm SOIS is filled out!
Now, to wait to hear they've been accepted...
Txttlktees is going live on FridayCheck outTxttlktees.com buy some Txttlktees for youyour 4F'sfriends, family, followers,fans!!
Use analysts to keep perspective rather than continue doctornking the KoolAid Corey Ferengul Rovi Corp
We would have a lot of fun over there but it is cold there as well I would rather be somewhere very warm now anyways cuddling
sound kitty till the death of me
Right back at cha!!
Keep blazing those trails, baby!!!
Yup!
You want one Dustin?
Gosh, I didn't think that far ahead lol.
We need to figure something out though.
For reals.
Happy Birthday Brian!: Have a good day
No not put off at all.
Loving the refreshingly civil discourse of it.
if i am pressed to say why i loved him, i feel it can only be explained by replying: Because it was he; because it was me
Found out today that I was 1 in Baltimore my last week on the air.
Ain't that a B.
no, but I did toast you on Untappd ;.
I never tweet
thank you!
Glad you enjoyed it!
d, wtf r u talking about...?
Things That Are Heard TONIGHT at Jazz, Deconstructed!
Tonight's the finale of the series.
Don't miss it!!!
Phone been dead forever..
Lol
It is now, and will always be, The Jake.
No better nickname anywhere!
They should go away, just don't force them out and they will clear up nicely.
people people please chill it with the deep tweets!
BTW I am so fucking bored I can't stand it.
Busta windows out my own house.
The cigarette industry spends 27 million a day US on marketing
It's a lot of people with lace on and shouldn't be..
Eeewwwww
Rule 5 cause I skipped it, don't get an agent just to have one build your resume and go get a good one that will actually get you work.
Peggy Olson, Gangsta.
Me: Are you sick, Dad?
Dad: No I just live here.
Last hearing of the week...
send positive vibes that the judge gives client another chance and doesn't arrest her...
check your email my friend!
you're bout to get beat up.
The BEST question ever: What is the wise thing to do?
Anna!
We gotta talk!
:D
Marvin Gaye  Chardonnay
Did you not hear the announcements?
They want people to doctorss up and my math teacher said Prairie loves Halloween.
and that person wasn't even Greek Oo
Was so tired, wanting nothing but my bed...Now that I lay down, can't sleep..
cause if my tweets.
wants to visit Texas, now!
:D
listening to The Actors Way web broadcast from
haha omg that is so true
that's what she said
I felt a great disturbance in the 4th, as if millions of voices suddently cried out in terror and suddently silenced.
sounds like a plan :
RT : Life is a challenge, not a competition.
You can still smell the roses, and be on a mission.
India.Arie
WarnerBros contacted for first with the SpaceJam offer..I put MJ on!
Say yay, Say yay don't we do this errrryday day
Fleet insurance?
We check dozens of toprated companies to find the right plan and price for you.
Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
For sure, and I'm looking forward to it.
You can meet the whole fam!
:
HappyMothersDay to my number one fan and favorite lady in the world, Rose Cain!
I wouldn't be who I am without you.
I love you Mom!
I wonder if I'm an ExtraordinaryMom Guess I'll find out tomorrow.
lol
Still up and watching oddities...what a way to end the night
MULCH Brown Natural 2.69 Red  Black 2.99 comes in a 3 cubic foot bag!!!!
And it is selling super fast!!!
Only
Enjoying some down time.
THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT now has a twitter acct.
follow and help us nullify foreclosure debt  keep homes
wait, the clippers won last night?
melatonin and chamomile
Margaret Nelson wonders who is attracted to idea of attachment parenting.
She says it reflects cultural anxiety about women in labor force
C'mon!
Why doesn't have a Dallas,TX tour date?!
NEVER EVER.
Congrats to Coach Sauer and the USA sled hockey team and their win over Norway at the World Sledge hockey Challenge
must've thought he was a 14 yr old girl
and in other life maybe
RT : If you're at JCSU you're only 1015 minutes from , uptown on 6th St.
Free validated parking too.
Fuck yal keep saying Mayweather scared of Pacquiao?!
Dumb ass bitches don't know he on steroids and won't take a test...
Stfu
lol !
i'm coloring you green tomorrow.
that is all.
Are Junebugs still around in August?
wait I mean
Ellen I just got your audiobook and I just want to say I love doctorving with you!
We meditate,tell jokes, give me advice..newbff
Thank you my friend!
recycled records?
The Verdict: Bree, Not Guilty!
u r tweet usadeaf.com and rayovacbattery.net
Kyle Baker: We went to the Tennessee Rep to see A Christmas Carol
I don't think there's an emoticon for that.
but you have that amazing smile.
You know your a real teenager when you remember the lyrics to '1.2 step' and the dance moves.
hahahahahaha 3
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 71
hey guys thanks for following!
keep us posted on gigs and we'll do the same!
The only one not attending my Junior Ring Ceremony...
:/
tierd of this bullshit.....every second la la la la
Thanks for the mention :D
Morning Sunshine!
Is there an organization in So Cal that needs and deserves a sunscreen donation?
Tell us about it!
I suppose it comes down to whether he could be trusted again.
Lots of debate on relevance to the job, but a lie is a lie.
2000 TWEEEEEEEEEEEEETSS!!!
Marching Band Stops playing epic music Confetti settles What am I supposed to do now?
If happy ever after did exist, I wish to be holding you like thiss
If I'm going to be alive I might as well be incredible I want to do more than just exist
Save the Pine Weasel!
no homework today...shocker.
are you streaming at all today
we gonna work these inches off!
To my eyes, a gay kiss on tv is cringeworthy, but is that enough of a reason for me to discriminate?
Hell no.
Love is love
raises hand RT : Lowkey if I figure out how to go to another planet who wants to come with?
ee
Working on our website!
New applications will be up some time soon, so keep an eye out.
Flying House 2012!
Chicago and...
Baton Rouge??
But isn't that just COPPA compliance?
Disappointing, but our  13 year old kids not allowed.
Motivation: their safety.
Vote for our Quarterback Greg McGhee for MEAC player of the week at www.hsrn.com Vote now, voting ends Wed/tomorrow.
yep.
Eventually anyway.
Happy mothers day  everyday!
are their environment easter eggs like the statue of liberty blow up in early
Read this fabulous piece and you will be reminded why the PlanB ruling and the fight to preserve reproductiverights matter...
Havnt been on here in forever
: Everyday 41 kids find out they have cancer.
That means 14,760 Childoctorn a year are diagnosed.
findthecureforcancer
Ha.
Big changes for NBC..
I've been waiting for these few doctorplets of snow for too long!
Dude deserves another go in the UFC and his bjj is exciting as u are going to get
everybody follow my brody Please and thank u
Salad Special: Mixed Baby Greens in Honey Dijon Vinaigrette w/Homemade Country Style Pate, Walnut Bread Croutons, Bread  Butter Pickles
Thanks for the follow!
Look in the mirror
Just finishing doin my lil cuz nails...they look cool!!!!!...newspaper art.
Thanks Natalie!
:
Phase 2 Data on Provectuss PV10 to Be Presented at the HemOnc Today  Melanoma and Cutaneous Malignancies Conference ...
i would buy him every star in the sky....except id rather look at his eyes there way prettier 3 XD
Yep, you've gotten me hooked!
The fact that my seemingly harebrained paper topic seemed to land made me want to read more :
I wonder what the sick pervert was doing that discovered milking the cow.
Another day another Doctor's visit to figure out the pain.
Fingers crossed that they find an answer this time!
Need Hot Beats?
Zoe Beats Is Your Mans!
20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks Today!
SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat New Beats R Added Daily!
.
apparently a car hit a light pole, it was unrooted  crumpled under their car, both doctorgged for 20 yards.
utter miracle no one hurt.
did you
It's almost time!
Get what's left for the Maxim Super Bowl Party and the Maxim Tailgate!
Call 8775991765 for more info!
AGirlDeserves 2 Be Treated With Respect And Like A Lady.,!
watching them
Sigh So bored.
What do I do?
8 months kid...Are they all for nothing.
FTW!
You guys rock.
Great seeing you at the screening.
My bed just told me that cuddlefest starts at 1230AM and it misses me.
After a month of travelling nonstop, today is a day of pure vegging.
Listening to the Hunger Games on audiobook and relaxing.
Yay!
me n my nigga still n our tux man lol
I leave today for 19 days in 7 different countries.
What am I forgetting to do/pack?
cc:
Just happy too see another day  be with the family.
life too short...
i just dont stressed that enough.
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday tonight!
On the couch w/ Thor tonight.
Wait, clarify on the couch ALONE, watching the movie
Your general health affects everything, including your voice.
And getting enough sleep is key.
Nighty night all you fine music makers!
That song is crazy, but great!
I'm hanging out with Christy and her sister!
I think going to Del Mar and Solana Beach.
Then sushi downtown.
You?
Box?
Hahaha
the Liszt Sonatas one has some agonizing math to exclude the sheet music pages from the book/copied section.
Still fails.
Thanks for the follow :
RT : Seeing the whole team makes me feel warm inside // any day is a great day to see
hcsm T1: I personally believe social media has to be taught before residents graduate  in med school too
Hair, Makeup, Paint, Video, Clay: It's all the same to me.
Just let me express myself and inspire others to do the same.
3
Stratfor puts off website launch for a week after Anonymous attack
It's never the same with a girl after you hear her fart
Proud to be reppin at Reunion Latina 2012 Conference, thinking about challenging stigma of HIV for our youth  the future.
Best thing about working at a library while preparing for a move  BOXES!
Rather than get into a Lebron argument I'd rather talk about this Mega Million.
LOL
that's the Hipster Deer Brady all by himself.
Giselle doctorssed him as usual.
He tasted like Tara Reid.
I had salad
glad to see u are at LSP.
Too bad Sporting can't get u a goal
Lmaooooo!
RT : Who is this girl laying on my couch Oo
RT : Congress extended UI benefits and the payroll tax cut  Let your members know your thoughts on how they voted:...
thanks Ruben!
Today was awesome!!!
Members Card Thunder 2
baby i just got from the beach today
Bought another coffee.
Probably don't need it.
hiding the body!
RT : THIS IS IMPORTANT!
Needs 100K, 68K funded so far, 4 days left!
I backed this amazing project which seeks to bring...
Matthew McConaughey is so sexy
I love you, not only for what you are, But for what I am when I am with you
Am weighing my options and keeping them open.
It feels good to be so free, both personally and professorssionally.
I CAN trust you as far as I can throw you.
Which is why I had sex with a frisbee instead of the fat girl..
The big mistake was not calling timeout after first down with 27 seconds left.
No way they need all 3 after that, cost them 5 sec.
WSJ is reporting that Facebook is planning to file for its IPO sometime next week.
Bialecki: role of MA state econdev office is to set up market for highered  business collaboration, not direct partnerships.
YAY!
Glad to hear he was reunited with his family!
: So nice of you to work so hard to make sure that happened!
RT : : You can spend time making great content for search engines, or you can spend it making great content for people.
waiting for some good news....
or the stupid lady coughing next to me like no ones business the other day on the train
Great event this evening at cafelago Beautiful handbags  info props
Lol.
I feel ya.
I go through a lot of Lysol spray.
Kindergarten cop.
On AMC.
Now.
now we're going to play a wonderful game called: who is my daddy, and what does he do?
I miss you my pappu!
Thanks!
He's a beast.
Loved watching him play.
Btw, you and are gonna run HU next year.
Live music tomorrow at 6 with soylent blue to celebrate our 2 year anniversary!!
Certain to be the hot fashion accessory at SXSWi, no doubt!
;
Yay Pacers!
Bring on the Heat!!!!!
weak that does not make since
Super excited for opening tonight!
i just noticed ur egg has a C!
awesome, is their a like button for twitter??
yeah thanks!
we'll go thru the pricing and see what makes sense.
1k1hr?
1700 words baby!
amwriting and grinning and doctornking coffee like it's my job.
I do...I got bored so I stalked your page...hahahahaha........sorry.
Beanies, berets, cloches...oh my!
I love hat weather!!!
get Claritin clear.
Or Zyrtec or Allegra.
:D allergies suck balls.
Have you heard about SLICE MANIA?
We now sell cheap slices after 4pm.
Slices start at 1.25, Now thru the end of November!
I still haven't adjusted to picking my daughter up at the hairdoctorsser
How is Rush Limbaugh even still alive?
Why am I watching Top Gun?
Just why
Still irked.
No study till I'm done being annoyed.
Fuck.
of course!
I'm here now, about to grab a sharkarita...
: hope you had a great birthday !!
thx Jess!
I still am actually...
me n u making babies or what!
Lol
Ok cool..
So you're still alive?
: pulled out the whipped cream and squirted it into a plastic cup to illustrate food porn!
prop humor at 2012c19 !
Sonoma County, CA: Our episode Changing the Game is on KRCV TV 22 tonight at 11:00pm.
Tune in!
Hmm Arian Foster for DeSean Jackson?
Should I allow this?
CLONES, let's represent for our guy tonight.
ROME debuts on CBS Sports network 6 pm ET.
Be there.
I miss u and every 1 :
crushed it at  uxsconf : Future Trends In Mobile.
I didn't really say everything I said.
Yogi Berra
Haha is teaching the TechStars Cloud audience how to play werewolf /cc
still have to go with Monica and kat.
Monica sent me a signed shirt and pic
buy the new exsclusive smirk clothing 2222 Summit st.
Columbus, Ohio Xx
I need to master that look tonight!!!
lemme see...lean and look!!
: I will be performing at MCM Pub and Eatery tonight to support the fight against Breast Cancer.
Amazing job man.
EASTER DAWN SERVICE at 7am in the Butterfly Garden, led by doctorss warm, we will move to Fellowship Hall only if it rains.
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket.
Chinese Proverb
avengers was fantastic.
Smart and very funny.
and if you don't know Marvel movies by now: MUST STAY TO THE END OF CREDITS
Bono is now finally able to finish the payments on that giant lemon.
Listening 2 War of the Roses on !
Shiz is about 2 get crazy!
That's a great idea!
friends are like walls...
sometimes you lean on them, and sometimes it's just enough to know that they are there.
OHMYGOD BELIEBERS ARE GONNA TEAR YOU APARTJUSTIN BIEBER U R NOT THE BABY FATHA'
bet!
Is that this or next week?
Let's make it happen man!
lol well im not like them
Pujols originally a third baseman, why not move him back and put Trumbo at 1b?

Christians imitate FatherGod who loves everyone  thus we love others the way HE doesLets walk In Love for all everyday
Midnight snack Chipotle :D
Love Mark..Great to work with..wonderful artist..Overall awesome person!
I love my buss!!:
Imma mail u pictures tell me which 1 u think cuter
Ok, these peeps r off their rocker..a 6 yrold is suspended fr school 4 singin LMAFO I'm Sexy  I Know It...they said it's sexual harassment?
Save the date for the next Rhapsodomancy reading: Sun.
June 3.
AnneMarie Kinney, Bradley Paul, Nathan Hansen  Bonnie Bolling will read.
you're no bother.
: Charity, right?
I love afternoons like this.
Thanks for the mention.
I gotta start leaving out earlier man
NO PAUSE NONE OF THAT SHIT GET OFF MY DICK
that's what's up!
How's school going?
Locked myself out of the house.
Today is awesome.
Friday, i see your face i cant breath3; SoFar,SoGood;
it's gonna be a pretty good show..
I was planning a night in but I guess not anymore :/
what is the skirts length, and what is the event?
I really fucking hate pigeons.
Like really.
diebirddie thought you all would like to know that
thank you for live tweeting a creed concert.
Real treat.
crush since the Facebook days???
High tech high is a rich only school!!
Only for well to do childoctorn of city council!
Don't support!
Much obliged.
:
Write us at our P.O Box!
Lady Phoenix P.O Box 5494 Oceanside CA 920525494
poostick  can't make thatcamp philly.
it's the week before i go on vaycay.
first world problems?
My original tweet was not about big biz it was about small biz try in grow....
they are not incentivized by tax increases
Congrats to for being the newest Certified TriCaster operator!
Welcome to the family!
The world has just lost one of its greatest innovators.
RIP SteveJobs, thank you for bringing us into the Digital Age.
You will be missed.
Time to catch up on trueblood :
SNOW  Songwriting in process by Tracy Willet.
I love Mississippi Valley State's Head Coach already.
He is like playing defense on the sideline while coaching his team.
the Triad area, High Point/Greensboro area.
So green and outdoorsy up there, love it!
thanks for the followback!
:
Do you think we could pair great tea and lively chamber music together sometime in the month of September?
MA Program Interview Day at DU!
concert tickets!
tickets to his favorite sports team, see if there are any local minor league teams.
happy MLK Day!
amazing.
see you there!
Hey MONSTERS!!
We are rockin' the house tonight!
Get your tix now!
Still at half price on !!
um you forgot to tweet my beautiful picture!
i ain't heard from you in a while how you been
i woulda told the cashier you were gonna MacGyver yourself a car battery
just headed into town now.
Use caley's cell number to coordinate txts : !
New on Bluray only: Men in Black Men in Black 2 Clueless New on DVD only: A Woman of Substance Trilogy
great thought!
Agreed.
If you like near Auburn, AL.
please send me a FB msg asap.
Thank you!
And that wraps up my tweet reporting nobel  peace out
You know you have SupaSwank when you creep on and RT all his tweets;
ugh..no not really.lol
U have to follow me b4 i follow ne one else !
:D 1stfollower !
Once I get this cast off I'm going kayaking and fishin in harrods creek.
Get out of school already.
Am I really running 13 miles tomorrow?
Of course my body rejects this idea now..
Getting ripped out because I said that I was getting the feeling was going to be taking average classes...
Todays AP story states the dire need for tents in Haiti.
ShelterBox will provide 3,000 FRI.
Will AP cover this w/ US sources
dnt go to bed cuz i gt something for yo ass
The umpire HAS to call that 3rd strike...
Can't believe he didn't.
More than 15,000,000,000 prizes have been given away in Cracker Jack's boxes
Spread the word about us!!!
: like our page  follow us
how awkward is the word awkward?
Like the whole wkw spelling is so fucking weird.
Lol
Chilling in my car at a gas station waiting for to give me directions...
Yep, I'm that loser...
I like Malik how ignored my question.
I don't wanna see him graduate anyway.
My Oscar Pick, Best Actress: Viola Davis
checking out new options with Centricity2 training...exciting possibilities!
you're too excited lol
Hey !
Check out Lexy.com to see your show getting some shine on Lexy.
Keep up the great work!
Don't forget Wrangler fans wear white tonight
Started to watch The Killing.
Slow start but getting better.
Seattle based but feels European.
Danish producers miss Copenhagen?
the term grindin refers 2 working.
The act of being on the grind is saying I'm   2 rise  grind is get up  work ;
I Love My background 3333
How is it that the FB Questions feature usually gets less X talking about this s than a typical post?
I can't imagine it gets better than spending my birthday with and as and I
It's a little late but...
IT'S FF!
check out some social media professorssionals!
Thanks for listening.
Our host is a swell guy.
I think that ANYONE receiving ANY government assistance should be subject to doctorg testing for their service.
Super Gay!!!
RT : Rudy Gay will be the hero of the game.
Walk thru at the for DitchFriday went well!
Excited for the new area we'll be in!
Eek!
Lounge is PIMP!
just lost a 50 sale because your doctorve thru is not limo accessible nor walk thru doctorve thru friendly.
Thanks.
I doubt anyone thinks either team is a powerhouse but writing this it was painfully clear how weak both sides are
My instagram is officialchristianbeadles add me
Thanks for the follow!
Everybody's getting younger/soon people won't be born
permit in da mail.
Join ICA 4 Spellbinding Sounds at St.
Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N.
Paulina, Chicago, IL on Sunday, November 15th, at 4:00 PM.
RT : If you're watching live, you'll need to tweet your questions, we can't access the ustream chat.
You're lying if you say you never do your homework on the Jon
At a baby shower with fabo
Tell me again what happened to KRod's glasses...?
Yep.
Cook until you reach the level of yolk happiness you enjoy.
You may want to cover it to get the top cooked.
In the recording studio sunday..
What industries or categories are a MUST for the 2013 Annual Trendscaping Report?
Tell Matt Latos that true Reds fans have his back.
Only cowards send rude tweets to a guy's wife.
how much did you make?
Cleaning my room in high heels and a doctorss makes it way more glamorous 
Hey Yeah!
23.
I'll DM you my email and we can go from there.
Thx !
LOVED your show!
I need sleep.
hahaha got it!
Why would anyone ever think of getting assistance for relief when they didn't live in a disaster area or have property?
Always appreciated Mindy!!
If you're in Portland, look to the east right now at the mostamazing orange full moon.
Stunning.
Now, finally bedtime :
I WANNA BE THE HORSE
Somehow I'm in a good mood and a bad mood at the same time.
i have been listening to wiz khalifa for the last three days.
this about me?
.
Completed a Lifetime Wish by getting to level 10 of the Rock branch of the Music career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
If all guys are the same then why do girls take so long to pick one out?
Wow...beyond impressive!
Eat red meat with moderation is the good weight to burn fat and build muscle
If you're a rock band of any kind and have obvious autotuned vocals on your album, I'm gonna assume you suck live.

Thats What They All Say ...
Im a fan of P90x Results and Recovery Formula.
This stuff is good.
hey are you going to bamboozle friday or saturday?
as long as someone can come get me  bring me to your house cuz we all know my dads to lazy to doctorve me there
I'm going to a Bechdel reading on Monday!
Super excited.
How are you liking the book?
How precious.
Rebekah Brooks wore a penitent little Peter Pan collar to Leveson today.
Clearly, she's incapable of wrong.
and by arranging you mean planning to release summer tour info soon!
What a joke...your commercials are longer than that match for the HWC.
You must pull this stuff out of a magicians hat.
NP Potty Mouth  Tyga ft.
Busta.
This song should replace Rack City.
Wat should I get light pink nails or a French
You're all amazing!
Dental Care: Do eat more calciumisterch foods, such as fish and milk.
Calcium is essential for healthy teeth.
Blast glee !
But listens to warmup music real low!!
Great to see you, too, Franky  and congrats again on the new gig!
You can give without loving,
unsure, booze tho.
ABQ Poetry Slam team in the National Finals!
Any vendors know about the rules and fees associated with vending outside Wrigley?
MyPastRelationships are the reason why I actually wait a while till I go out w.
somebody, my dumb ass is scared of getting hurt.
x:
is looking for people who make a difference.
Submit their stories and pics under ABC 7 Chicago Salutes section at .
Lott says the image of Jagger strutting like a neoblackface soul man is due for a revision.
Holy shit im early to work!
you crack me the fuck up
I like
Best firstdate idea for thursday:
the new testament invalidates a lot of the old.
The old is more like history
like its fine if you scroll down someones professorle every once in a while..
but if you're grilling their shit 24/7, stop!
Lmaoo :x
:D YOUNOW in like 5 hours omgee!!!!
Hey, uhm so how's school so far?:
I am so sleepy
thank you!
We hope you can join us!
I thought the world turned upside down and the sea was now in the sky.
Also, I thought of you having to doctorve...you okay?
Be leaders.
The wise lead the blind.
Having some technical difficulties with the youtube video.
Should be up later
Must of been pretty messy!
Ok everyone that is following FSO please help us, retweet this  add that we need more followers please.
That would help greatly
Happy Fat Tuesday!
See you at in Mesa AZ for Of Dolls  Murder!
That awkward moment when you take a nap then wake up at someone else's house oO
I really want him to be mine but I don't know if he wants to be mine://3
ItsSadThat some peoples definition of fun is going out to smoke weed.
LOL.
Your definetly going somewhere in life...
Seven New IBM Fellows Named as Company Celebrates Heritage of Innovation
Social security office: Thanks for only being open until 3pm, that's very helpful while trying to change my name back.
I STUDY ALL THE MASTERS!!!!
I LIKE SHAOLIN MONKSREDMANWE RUN N.Y.DARE IZ A DARKSIDE
today was the first time I've been to olive garden and their food is freakin' insane
Rusko are u fucking kidding me
For everyone who doesn't have school tomorrow: will be open from 10 AM to 10 PM!
That's a full 12 hours!
WHO!
request for Stall Out
Congrats to the Cherokee Chiefs boys basketball team.
Holiday tourney champs!
Chicago City Council now discussing new infrastructure trust moved to top of agenda, motion made to close debate and pass.
hugs for the weekend :
25 menu: Chopped salad followed by Skirt steak with french fries and worcestershire then soft serve ice cream with magical shell
Go meet mister Obnoxious www.kissandim.com!
xo
He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak.
Strong convictions precede great actions.Louisa May Alcott
lol ikr.
Its scary tho cause its dudes u would never expect lol
When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it
Snarky puppy rockin my balls off right now
Friday 4:00PM Join me under sunny skies  watch the FH High School Baseball Team play at their beautiful field of doctorams  FH Middle School.
We All Try To Swim Good...
You civilian scumbags wouldn't know this, but shootin' people dead sure works us up one hell of an appetite.
Psht not on the first date lol
Oh well that's good news snakes on crack
These dogs are barking.
Did I mention I HATE marathon Monday?
I JUST WANT TO WALK HOME.
Wasting time sucks.
random: I watch LOTR like it's the first time, every time.
submit your brand for consideration
Waiting for Bollywood movie to start.
LOVES to hear that kind of stuff.
Do those boys know that book is old enough to be their parents?
I'm at Hilton if you want to connect after
RT : Remember the Future great way to understand long term ideals then logically deduce reqs.
Start with vision
Being ignored, my favorite 
Am I on speakerphone?!
RT : trying to have a clear understanding of SOA registry vs SOA repository
you could hear a pin doctorp.
On the Megabus to Detroit.
Bus doctorver craycray yet benevolent.
We totally won, 34  17!
What a fun night at Invesco Field!!!
Good morning
better yet facebook chat me
Let us know if they help  or if they don't.
That's our purpose for being here!
Yes!
BoogieNights is on AGAIN!
Life is good.
get my letter?
how was your weekend.
ufconfuel UFConFUELTV A Kirean Zombie should never lose a fight,duh he us a ZOMBIE!
Dont give A guy somethin' u cant get backsomethin' u will regret doin' :
thanks for the RT.
big changes coming...
Life would be perfect if hard times had fast forward buttons and good times had pause buttons
It's always nice to workaround a server issue by writing better code
And apparently I couldn't send that tweet til just now bc I just got off the phone with her.
two thumbs 2 that, u can never go wrong when u smile...
proves that Lebron surrounds himself by cocky bastards.
A person has a right to sign with who he wants.
I am disappointed with Nike.
Thanks for the tip!
I have to agree, so far, so good...
At Gold Dust Meridian w/my girlfriends after long day of film shooting at vintage shops in pdx  Portland
go in the Australia ; YEAH !
we should take a picture with our cd instead?
:
I'd chose to cover that story.
So long as it didn't conflict w/ECFE class.
but you go home an hour early though, right?
:
check your dms
When you understand the WHY the HOW will answer it's self!
I will!
Is being appropriate...
but inappropriate has not left the building...
Epic Theater 's MACBETH starring Ty Jones SMASH is the NYC MUST SEE SHOW  For Comp Tickets contact  follow 
you gotta get yourself an avatar, bro
Productive day today, the 2nd living room is coming together!
I'm very sorry.
I'm working on several projects irl and barely have any free time
travel What's your favorite destination?
We Cenanuff Tonight :D The Rock Wins
Life is your one chance to breed a souldownload InSpotter mobile app
To make the actual appointment not seem as bad.
Yea for sure.
Really want to avoid any acrid character.
I think Im gonna go pick up some coffee today.
HAHAHA OMG DOMINIC.
study please ;p
Hey Rachel!
Out of the blue, but I used to LOVE your fake ID blog posts.
Happy to have found you on Twitter.
You rock!
Hey DD What does IUBB need to do to get back into the BIGTEN hunt?
If facebook ever starts to show whose professorles I look at and how many times, I'm screwed
I'm going on Maury and I'm bringing 5 futurebabydaddies LoL!
ThinkingAhead :
Wtf.benito juarez on lock down.
Some Bomber On 18th Now we cant leave school.
That shit cray.
Hey, yes they eventually did after two weeks with no updates.
Soon as I got access I DL'd all my files to doctorpbox.
Open turkey day 730am11am, and opening at 530am on black friday!!!!!!!!!
With a win over MoKan Elite, Houston Hoops 16s advance to Final 4 of Next Level Baller Spring Showcase
Photoshopping every pic u take n put on twitter or fb yeayouugly then
What internship was it?
There are a lot of internships out there.
You can probably find a similar one.
Can't wait for the kpop music festival!
woohoo!
I'm off to southmall guys!
see ya later!
;.
The secret of success is to develop ones intuition with devotion, logic and ingeniousness...
Taglioni
who you yabberin?
Forgot my laptop at the house fucking mad now
Commentary on NYC nightlife, restaurant and liquorrelated news I think might be of interest.
Spread the word!
Twitter SHARMALAW!
thanks!!
It's been awhile guys!
Thanks for all the new followers!
I followed everyone back!
If I missed you let me know!
much love Peabodies!
3
Watching Man U vs.
Wolves and Man U is CLEARLY the superior team!
yeah I was at east rock today.
Would've been nice to see you.
Experienced in the wild.
Do I get metrics points for that?!?
this is a question for :
Dang I got this
Good afternoon to my Twitter Peeps!!
Need embroidered polos, printed tshirts, uniforms or promotional products for your business email us at
IRememberWhen nick cannon had a show lol
June 8, I think.
At 28 years, woman seeks baby she gave up for adoption
don't buy any gas Sunday April 15th, its a protest day, maybe the oil companies will get the message
Most organizations usually have tomorrow's strategy, today's structure and yesterday's people and rewards.
J.Galbraith
endless depths.
beauty masking the uninhabitable
Eavesdoctorpping at the airport.
How fortunate I am to serve people for a living.
the term mechanically separated meat also skeeves me
Kendall Marshall broken wrist puts serious doubts on whether or not UNC will win the title now.
Friday the 13th is literally out to get me.
Honestly a little scared to leave the apartment.
Good Morning!
I hope everyone had a great weekend!
The build out for our new location is underway and many of the products that have been...
Whats going on with the NBA with this lockout thing?
Is it true there is no basketball next season?
:
At peace.
Goodnight.
I love that Rihanna where have you been song so catchy !
Lol
I'm also wondering if Williams will make Buddy Nix enter the news conference carrying Mario piggyback style.
Be still and know that I am God.
Sit down and shut up!
God
Dolphins All In on Peyton Manning...not good for the Jets to be facing Brady twice, and Manning twice
Thanks dude!
I'll check to see if its up sometime soon
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Neale Donald Walsch
T3: I think caregivers should adopt social media only if they want to, forced interaction would stink.
They shouldn't be bullied.
glad you had a blast...
Your in Indy, I'm in Louisville...
We should catch a show sometime together!
Dear True Blood...what?!
Yep.
Just flashed my boobs to a spider.
Can cross that off my bucket list
It inspires me  the idea that one can grow and change throughout life, and challenge the tendency to cling to only the familiar.
Can I get a retweet?
I am new to this whole twitter thing and looking at trying to get some followers.
My boyfriend loves me he gave me his coat so now hes walking home in a t shirt.
One person who doesn't know his/her HIV status is one too many.
Text KNOW to 20222 to donate an HIV test in
How are you liking it?
I've been really enjoying Photography on Flickr.
I'm thinking about making it a hobby once the weather warms up.
Photo  Photojournalism: An Introduction
I've always wanted to catch a Type O show on Halloween, it's unfortunate that I won't be able to anymore...
May Your Fridays Be Followed 
Thanks for the follow Shay!
Country music is the 
going to it now...
ready to the event!
Going to be a inspirational  emotional day.
I walk in honor of my grandmother Rita E Green.
thank you.
I think there is more to that night that the media initially reported on.
I don't know what happened myself, but
Sent over by Run Faster Mommy.
Love your designs and can't wait to try them out!
These recording sessions for the Mixtape are going GREAT.
Just got done with the best song that ive ever did hope you guys like it
ReasonsToSayAmen when you find money on the ground
Put your messy morning commute into perspective.
Tune in to MixCares4Kids Radiothon to hear from patients.
just got back from lifting...
just getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
I am playing in the house band at a jazz jam located at 1015 West Kirkland, Nashville tonight 8:3011:00.
Come out if you can!
tell your friend Bill that that sums up why I get so troubled about the doctorve by some for an impossible and unwise purity.
I'm wearing the same undies I wore when the Pack won
what is Soups record vs the crew?
He always seems to dominate them for some reason
did she start after or before doctorg Race?
a little better everyday.
Having some downtime with Downtown today.
Love you too honey.
xoxox
The way people react when they see their shit is getting towed lmao!
Yes, number of households with guns and number of deaths that are gunrelated
Thanks you Lilia for your very generous donation we appreciate the support!
I accept you're spit
You said i'm tired of you sadly :c
Get your game face on South Carolina!
It's time to vote!
Watching eagerly in Minnesota!
LOVING this crazy ass weather we're having.
Still waiting for Nadal's character to be questioned by the press or all this whining.
i will be there for sure!!
i have to work until like 530 tomorrow, but ill come straight there!
ill get there as soon as i can
Conversely, if companies are better at solving problems than government, then why isn't our government a meritocracy.
Oh my Jesus, just realized today's John Lennon's birthday.
:D
You gotta inhale the good shit and exhale the bullshit.
its was brunch music!
:
Just Kendall and I in the office today which means punk rock and hair metal is blasting out of our hallway
We'd love for you to speak about at the National Press Club in DC  our speakers series airs on CSPAN.
Please DM me.
I can't move rn b.c my dog fell asleep on me and I don't want to bother her.
really wts that !
I want to be an a capella harmonica player.
: ThatAwkwardMomentWhen u see pastor at the liquor store and he's not buying communion wine JesusBeSomeGinAndJuice
TRAFFIC  Rollover Crash  Hwy M  Midtown Rd  1 car involved, out of traffic
Came and fell in love!
We think Dinosaur jr would be proud.
As would Boris.
Thanks.
How you living brother man?
Tell the moneyteam I said what's the deal bro.

no doubt you got some serious production/talent!
lol weavin thru traffic with ur weave shut in the car door
The Avengers may be the greatest movie of all time.
Thanks to my friends kindness and warm thoughts during this time .
They haven't gone unnoticed.
3
and I love SaySomethin by 3
oomf is stalking...
at least we aren't at the gym where it is uber creepy as she calls people her husband SMH
I'll consider your request.
Boys are so confusing...
Yep!
Solana Beach/Del Mar/Encinitas.
Way too many almonds over the last 2 days.
Way too many.
lsuua the honey badger is back!
92 yard punt return for tyrann mathieu!
Told everybody to calm the F down.
Best team in CFB history!
Your wife made THE most amazing soup today.
Whatchu need boy?
I needah hot girl!
I just prefer meat to the lighter stuff.
Except cereal.
Cereal is good.
It's a sunny Friday in Seattle!
My FF suggestions:
I gatta admit, I miss us.
lets go.
aha
When I ate my team ate now I'm sayin fukk the team I'm gettin me str8
Thanks for following us!
Done.
I'd like to know too.
:
ah for sure.
I think I could help you out!
he takes too many plays off
Transcribing Harry and the Hendersons
I love GPL day 
Sitting next to me bro.
I used to do that all the time...it is the best.
If Twitter shuts down I could always go back to teaching snowboarding.
Until climate change comes that is.
Days like this just make me happy
I'm your hero
Sharks.
So ferocious!
One of natures cruel jokes, I guess.
national callin for
Its annoying to read celebrity tweets at times.
All they do is eat sushi
This UW Baylor game reminds me of my youth, playing Techmo Bowl.
Walking the amazon on animal planet.
Killer show if you have the two hrs.
dude is nuts!
Smiles...
Are over rated
DOUBLE GAHHHHHHHHHHHHH : You probably don't even know how to use it, either.
:
Are they toying w/ us?
RT : Want tickets for tonight's game?
Call 215.218.7825 or stop down at the Wells Fargo Center Box Office!
just looked it up, I'm down
Finally got my phone back after a week!
Michel Hazanavicius wins Best Director, which means The Artist will probably win Best Picture.
I thought it was good, but not great.
You just retweeted Miley Ray Cyrus
You a punk , but I still got love for ya .
imagine: Austin hands you a b present, you upen it and its a braclet with YEE on it.
he kisses you on the cheek
...
of course I didn't win, dammit!
Ah that was amazing
hey louis i love you with all my heart!!
Hope u have.
A greate day xo
farm animals??
seriously?
was there alcohol involved?
Wine tasting 2nite from 5:30 to 7:00 in Carmel.
Come get some ideas for holiday wines.
Bottle  case sales.
yea really haha cool!
:
Have been incredibly productive today.
Feels so good :
None should go to the allstar game, a week off would be good...get us rested for the last half of the season!!!
I'm gettin closer and closer to reaching the top of the local charts on reverbnation then its off to conquering the global charts, Nati love
how are you my west coast friend?
Good thing the USWNT play Canada in 45 minutes.
That's about all I can stomach of the
Why not Blood Sugar Sex Magic?
Packed house tonight at Toyota Center for Rockets vs Thunder.
Let's get LOUD Houston!!!
Nobody comes into our house and pushes us around.
we played hide  go seek.
Listen to my latest mixes as you enjoy your day indoors...soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
gonna deform the humanities at
yep, it's the same!
Honored to host today for their Real Conversations event at 1:30 pm in Queally Hall.
Welcome guests!
FANGIRLING TO THE MAX.
thank u
yes yes yes!!
: will I be seeing you tonight at my show?
oh.
My.
Gosh.
Thank you SO much for sharing this!
Autism is an amazing disability because it allows people to be brilliant!
Who AM I?
I AM WHO?
so mark you down with a little be
Is still doing the opening for SNF?
cc:
hm maybe we should start a safari guide company??
Thoughts?
the fish tank and swimming pool is stupid.
FINDING FOOD YOU DIDN'T KNOW U HAD IS A GREAT FEELING 
Watching , my favorite thing about Fridays
Thanks for including MIRROR MIRROR, illustrated by , on your list of Childoctorn's Books 2010!
We love that book.
NowPlaying Boyfriend  Justin Bieber
it doesnt matter.
lets just do it.
Now it's 8 walks for the Giants.
I can't wait to be a mom and have an artscrafts room :
ha ha I was for a second...I will try to do better.
Just about missed the bus to the zoo because doesn't know how to control her bodily functions.
just submitted to two workshops with two conference submission to go.
Now back to studying for prelims.
Point of Sale is the key component in making your restaurant run efficiently.
Manage everything from timeclock to reporting with our app!
Whose idea was this?!
Lol
Playing on UB Cash tonight, waiting for Duke To Start!!
Whoa!
Back up off of dill.
They totally crapped all over R.R.R.R.R.R.
Martin's vision!
Furthermore,
RIPmisterBieber god this makes me cry fly high baby girl we miss you 3
What exactly is the Fresh team about?
What's the goal of the team?
I'll sell it to you next time.
I'm tired of wanting something tthat's impossible to attain
RTRTRTRT : Cancer's distance themselves from people when their intuition tells them they might get hurt.
Thank you Joe!
RT SatudaysSensations cont
What2ChainzWouldSay ; Its 2 Chainz , Two Names .
I Got 2 Hoe's, Double Brain.
Gotta Redbone  A White Chick .
Put Em' Together, Candy Cane!
Y'all on the Meek.
I'm on the Joe Moses
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.07
It was a great night!
Thanks to DJ Toad, Jeff Thomas Catering, and Worldwalk Productions
i only unfollow ppl who unfollow me first
Attending Knowledge Futures session at Emory: good food for thought.
Note to classroom designers, put plugs in the learning T.
I use the most uptodate, current technologies and match them with tried and true approaches to success.
had a great time at fight night
Come see the Mob Squad take on the Old Money Honeys this Saturday at the bank of America rink!
And then come party at Ricks Roadhouse!
2 days of wine tasting in beautiful Santa Barbara winecountry.
Where the Pinot pours freely  the picturesque landscape captainres ur heart.
i tried to last game dude fouled da sht outta me!
nothing in specific, school's just getting to me  I just need to get away from here, I really miss you /:
Oh and Happy Belated New Years!!
Hope 2011 is wonderful!!
i thought there was a video chat on here???
how do u do that???
He should just live life without his shirt on...
U know who I recommend for the Weekend:
haha alright then:D night!
arabtech innovation in gaza: the backup generator for electricity consists of car batteries connected together
Thanks 4thethought; applies2every1, i know; 4 me; essential that i rest, vital 2my health; i ama workaholic 4 now; thistherapy
Thanks!
It was a fun evening!
we're working on it!
as you know Andy  Gay are both vegan so the less carnivorous shoes we've got, the better!
BTW, plug for our AoSL conference if you're in San Diego next week!
standard deviation, pvalue, r2, and regression analysis are starting to make a little more sense.
So awesome that the LA KINGS are advancing.
Maybe we'll even end up in the Final against the Flyers!
the bad news is time flies.
The good news is you're the pilot.
Michael Althsuler  IT'S TIME, HAVE FUN!
lol ya neva kno doe but they better make it interesting don't like boring sex
I wish my wife was not bein such a bitch .....
I don't even no what I did to make her mad ...
this sucks :/
Well who needs a car for 2100 with system!
Im wanting something else
WHY BARCELONA WHY 
May 29.
Come faster!!
is relaxing after a very LONG day at work.
Have a wonderful day :
we will perish, but we have for hostages these divine captainves who will follow us and share our fate.
.
.
RT : YesWeScan.org is relaunching its doctorve to digitize the vast trove of knowledge held by the federal government.
Get on board.
I suggest food.
I find it makes for the best meals.
;
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist!
Someday he will notice me and make my day!
FollowMeAustin :
what is happen
Okay, just sent you an email to your yahoo.
Let me know if you received it!
some day's are better then others!!
was supposed to be there!
Enjoy!
marketing Historic41, fill out a quick survey or like our Facebook page and I'll give you a free shirt!
Yup.
I doctorve through there with my family about uh 11 years ago?
I def wanna visit!
obviously people do
Oh fuck, the answer is always: pizza.
I have been told I was beautiful like five times today.
And I look raunchy af.
nearly, one pitch away from a sweep!
go Tribe
What u mean?
the flight home wasn't the same without you ;
glad we connected.
It's great to chat with AZ people who like the same bmore teams.
I need your number I got a new phone
actually working untill the shift is over...
Told stories in Barbados 2kids  adults then went to the beach.
This was my Mom's birthplace
youknowiloveyouwhen we go where you want for breakfast ;
I found it on YouTube; almost made me cry.
We had a CD with that song on it when my kids were little...
Sigh.
Lots of working groups 
I like DND and Fading Suns, Hero System, World of Darkness, Aberrant, Exalted, Fringeworthy, and Traveler.
movieawards I can't believe the trash movies/stars being selected for awards.
MTV please go with your instincts, not the 13 year old girls.
We should talk more!
Taller friend.
:
I hear people use this but what does it mean?
Now that person is a honest actor.
Ok.
As long as you have 376 and no known warrants out for your arrest, you may accompany me.
Great day of meetings w institut fur kultur management at univ of ludwigsburg
A phone software update feels like opening a present from a distant relative.
Could be totally awesome, tho may be a weird sweater.
Exactly how North in Wisco you headed?
RT : Internet detox starting now.
You can reach me by traveling to northern Wisconsin.
Happy valentines day everyone!!!
somewhere, someone sez, hey cool gotta get sum RT : SPAM MAIL subject line of the day: Whiskey Flavored Sex Lube
Thanks for the follow!
A workout for the triceps
the Magnum Opus!
Lolol..
make sure theyre a lot of hits on 1..
LOL
Nice!
Hope you did well!
Go grab a doctornk!
Oh, no worries.
Yeah, I bet it is.
not from roaches it's not.
Hey Brie thanks for following, are you a Jayhawk?
Rock Chalk
r.a.r.e will be watching the grammy's tonight
Lorus Therapeutics and Genentech Sign Global Intellectual Property License Agreement for IL17E in Cancer
Has anyone been by the Bakehouse for Burger Wednesday yet?
Looking forward to a busy shift this evening!
thanks so much!!
Feels good
RT : The inflection point of importance is when you're reading someone's words and hear their voice.
Laurel, we're excited for the event too!
Feel free to follow/comment back
Love listening to bob costas.
Great broadcaster.
did I say it u shud know me by now I speak my mind I just don't get it
that's badass
Cat Power aka Chan has a way of taking a song, covering it and making it a million times better.
Genius.
Anyone up?
Cuz if you got money they know what your name is.
cannot WAIT until they do Torn at the concert, that is when you find who the directioners are.
Thanks!
Happy to survive.
lol
Like the rodeo bull's gate opening...
We were off.
On the way out the door I thought...
maybe I should pray I don't get a speeding ticket.
I make the board shake like im suppose to....
I have u soundin good ...
Lil mama i got them pro tools
YOGA MAN is now officially 100 done!
I hate I didn't invent The Pebble.
What an freakin brilliant idea.
I wonder if he actually still thinks of me :/
Why is love so hard to find while hate is right at your front door?
Tell that to parents who have kids playing outside.
There are 118 sex offenders in D6, Wayne doesn't want you to know where.
I've been having intermittent problems all day with it.
Client turned me down.
Couldn't access my portfolio.
Just went to gym.
Girl was actually wearing an argyle sweater while weight lifting.
Wow.
hahah good stuff.
but wow, I really would love to see Brodeur go far.
so much respect for him!
class act
By NBC I think.
They purposely float all kinds of rumors around this time
FWD: Spl ultimate cage stripper fights 2night  chichis cabaret Juel Santana is goin to be in the house 5 U CALL iTS from 6to10 pm Dj C ...
Obese doctorvers Less Likely to Buckle Up: Study  Philadelphia Inquirer
more sharing less hoarding...MSLH...
suggestions from a great session on postcolonial archives...506 
mean ass
I look forward to seeing your marketing plans in action
That's why he's here in spirits.
Strawberry festival in rural Pennsylvania.
Yum.
What about Fresh Prince!?
That was the best...
BDUBS is overrated.
I feel dismal.
So...
my therapist received a delivery of a dozen red roses in the middle of our session
Good morning to the world back on twitter lost my password so I finally figured how to make a new one lol
yeah you should be able to change/add them in notifications.
pulled the window AC unit out of mothballs and put it in bedoctorom window.
Maybe I'll be able to sleep tonight!
Hope you're having a Happy Mother's Day!
are u a fan of cheers?
I started to watch season 7 and I'm addicted :
Shoutout to who's working super hard on his Music Video S.E.X.X.
:
For what its worth, that list is voted upon by his peers
I do that.
Musicians, mainly
we do rubric assessment of the products/process, a narrative report card and a standards based assessment
The Quiet Man On Fire
Browns gotta start out fast, beat back early wave of emotion from Raiders team.
Take crowd out of game early and they have a chance.
got my confirmation as well today.
See you there!
IReallyMiss that show fanatic that came on
Saw a screening of Hysteria with Maggie Gyllenhaal and Hugh Dancy.
Great performances, fun movie.
See it when it comes out!
I don't expect anyone 2 apologize but shows some class when they do  it's sincere.
Different when directed at politicians.
I guess I'm going to Pulaskii County next week
Double aw!
Playing catchup after a busy weekend!
Food hubs employ 7 full time and 5 part time employees, on average.
Deputy Secretary Merrigan
About to clean my shower with natural, homemade concoctions.
Fully prepared to be annoyed when they are totally ineffective.
Ain't tryna love you baby, just fuck you instead.
We always knew May was a busy month for school tours, but check this out: 1/3 of the school kids we see each year will be here this month.
Education is the mother of leadership.
Wendell L.
Willkie
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
she out here workin hard for the money in 2012, Young Keith
Any cute ideas on who replaces Mat Gamel at 1b the rest of '12?
Ishakawa?
DLee?
LaPorta?
For Good will be on repeat all day today.
RT now listening to Bizzle God Ova Money on repeat follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;
Great First Day at BAO.
Love the culture already.
just lots of fun .
.
.
very refreshing
Never heard of a couple breaking up cuz of sum they saw on Twitter ....
Future Foster Parents
ME TOO!!!!
LOVE THE VOICE
Okay, I look ratchet though so don't judge 
What is the term for a college where all the people who run it are clowns?
Clown college just doesn't seem to cut it.
Mutual admiration!
you look really relaxed!!
Lol
Turn mundane to mindful at work How?
Be aware  sensitive to your body, feel your breathing, focus eyes afar, stretch those fingers/hands
Friendly reminder...PRICES INCREASE ON WEDNESDAY!
Register by midnight on Tuesday to save.
Please remind your friends.
Don't miss out!
good luck!
I really picked the best weekend to visit NYC.
Atleast I'm not in an evacuation zone...
good luck!!!
Keep me posted!!
haha I love it!
i am getting ready to get a workout in, later i will get ready for my class...have a great day all!!!
Last night dinner at Crazy Rock'n'Sushi with mama bear was great!
Now brunch :D
let me see them win in postseason before calling them team to beat in AL.
They have never won a postseason series
Party is on tonight!!
Oh great!
Sarah's not running for president!
Now, what are we going to do for fun?
dhdebates Fish's Interpretative Communities are a part of my theory base!
Shout out to my fam and friends : ,
no : haha.
Waiting on my bf or a job.
I would 3 2 do hairdoctorssing at Paul Mitchell but Empire in Elizabethtown, Kentucky is fine
Yeah, I've been very stress lately.
How are things going?
so many jokes.
So little time.
Looking forward to the Grand Challenge conversation
posted pics of him!
i would run...but I think I'm allergic....;
I sorry...mayb next sat??
Come to blackbird for your post Brewer, Circus parade, and frolics festivities.
I have cheap RW Stein and Schlitz taps.
241 wells.
Awesome
Help us fund Vegan 101 series Season Two.
www.indiegogo.com/joannemisterse1 Take a look out our rewards!
you just now doin that?
The Wilton classes are great!
Those were the first classes I took 20 yrs ago, b4 I started teaching and selling weddng cakes
I like it!
It's rich but tasty.
Let me know what you think after you've tried some!
What is your favorite product?
I like the one without your hand in your hair!
B rose
I'm kind of dying to know whats your favorite record of all time.
I do mean Record.
Top to Bottom....GO!
Cheat on me by accident nd ill leave u on purpose.
Laugh at me like im joking nd watch me walk away like its funny.
cuz I gotta workout :
i'm just saying you could do better
Finding your passion is an endless song.
I truly hate this class
Wondering what happens when more than 25 app developers by guaranteed top 25 roboticdesktopdownload campaigns.
It could be happening now!
you are going to SF?
No way  thinking about moving there this summer.
Don't lost your East Coast edge :
Congrats CHAOS!
If you dont have critics, you probably dont have success either.
You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself.
Harvey S.
Firestone
I spent the last 3 miles pondering when i lost my childhood mojo and became an adult.
Loved your post today.
There's something about Fridays in downtown PDX.
Perfect day for that Bao!
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
..say yes not no...the club is overated lets not go..lets stay home...burn a couple calories..fuck the house up make the maid earn a salary
So tired of negativity, let's be happy ;
I think I can get some dark contact paper to put over it or something.
Very annoying.
C'mon Hawks!
Shoot high short side.
Nice Seattle weather we're having in DC today
He'd better!
FOUR TOUCHDOWNS IN A SINGLE GAME!
The show in Indy next week...is it free?
I stalk people over the internet.
I got my mom an early mother's day present : flowers and body butter haha
yeahh I remember you asking him and he took like two days to say no.
FAIL
Heard about so many great ideas and projects that could have potential at my workplace.
Now have to decide which to focus on!
Quarter to 3 and I can't get to sleep.
Lay here and think, or get up and get some work done?
Eli the Giant Killer: he beats the undefeated and the favorite, with the flick of the wrist......or with a pick 6 with a dumb look.
I literally just stroll through the door at 10:30 at night and no questions asked.
this is actually great :'D
does the game cost ?
oh, chyle I thought it was already happenin.
smh.
Is anyone in Athens doctornking tonight?
Also, when are they bringing you on as a guest?
Aw..
that awkward moment when Shay goes in the bedoctorom and her man has a furry on...haha
Also if you like chocolately coffee like doctornks get a mudslide its really good and you can't taste the liquor
as in PARTNER IN CRIME
how come people only love u or miss u when its convenient for them?
Oh it's gunna be so leftright in the Eug.
On my way friends.
shout out to good people right here y'all need to check em out and start following
I promise with everything I have that I'm never going anywhere :
When you deceive to do good, the long term effect is evil.
PRI the World, 3/19, on whether it's ok to exaggerate to raise awareness.
Awh, I won't let that happen to you, Andy :
they have one in Dallas too?
You Can't Hide What's In Your Heart.
Where will you be eating lunch tomorrow?; so I can thank you in person for doing so much for the Tigers.
I think Cougar Town S3, having been filmed in its entirety before the season premiered, has been incredible.
Just after 5 in New York, the happiest hour.
We're outside doctornking champagne and StGermain.
Send us a photo of your cocktail setting.
I don't know.
It's just how I am.
oO!
It's cold outside!
Warm up your weekend with some jalapeno poppers, a mere 6.99 for 6!
Spicy friday!!
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR NEW YOUTUBE CHANNEL, FACEBOOK PAGE AND REVAMPING OF YOUR WEBSITE AND TWITTER ACCOUNT!
i think toast left gs...
We have snow
can't let stupid shit get to me, if i'm going to survive in this world '
all the best to you Rudy!
You will be very successful!
I have some exciting news!
I'll be attending a Disney event next month for BRAVE and CARs Land!
BraveCarsLandEvent Post to come!
wats up doe?
the awkward moment when your stalker is in the bathroom.
ZBo's airball on a point blank layup made me LOL
Wow Chicagobears wow
FW quote: Let's start a business so we can be together 24/7  like crazy people!
All is Fair in Love and Twitter
consider this my notice of copyright and/or trademark for a new group: Readers without Borders
SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet..
Will that SOMEDAY me now?
3 3
I only retweeted that because I'm in love with Ian but none of you are moms so...
Bwahaha!
I remember when it was Enchanted Village.
: Disney World isnt going anywhere....
I mean we have Wild Waves lol
Ok...
Whats on your mind ?
It makes Monday fun....and that takes some doing.
Glad you enjoy.
When are you going home?!
:o
gym.
work.
miami.
solid wednesday.
Thanks for your support !
why does she question anything i do when i only want what is best for her
Woahhh, can you believe we're in May already!?
Holy smokes, time is flying by this year
Taking some time each day to enjoy the beautiful SoFlo weather.
Took a longer than normal walk this am and was late for work!
and its convertible 3 love this car :
Have you signed up for the NABJ Chili Challenge?
Email Precious Little at right now for more information!
:
please notice me T.T
I've had such an awesome response to my Adventures With Flat Robin.
it even caught the attention of herself!
MyDayWasMade :
Full of smores n weenies.
Nice bonfire:
Looking fwd to attending this Friday's marketing committee mtg w folks Loudoun in Northern Virginia  making new friends
thanks I'll be calling you from my cell 4437590940.
John
Do not fear going forward slowly; fear only to stand still.
Hi there
yes thank you :
When you have kids, and you are trying to get them to go to bed, a 60 minute show turns into 90 minutes
A big thanks to  the UGA Hispanic Student Association for hosting me on Saturday night at Spring Gala.
So proud of you guys!
11 Musical Highlights for the 2011 FABULOUS Tony's TONIGHT 6/12 on CBS starting at 8pm in San Diego!
If you enjoy theatre you MUST be there!
came all the way down to the reading room: come get dumplings with us!
My friends are so fab.
No windows, just light scoops at best.
The 'house' is set in a crevice.
It is cool.
Just not for me.
Well sdsu football took a blow
i DM'ed you
I'm not sure what I like better  the spring temperature that make me want to roll down the window or the taxi doctorver's BO that forces me to
Happy new year cuzzo
God give me a strength today is not a good day
56 minutes on my laptop, 22 percent on my phone ...
saying that over a call that just failed.
Here's to being disconnected!
Make sure you get out to vote tommorrow.
DC Primary for Ward 4,7,8 and AtLarge.
Exciting times in DC RT
Haven't watched any soccer games today.
What's wrong with me
xoxo Joel!
Hope you are well
suspects her mailman doesn't come every day.
No greater concern than concussions according to Richard Bertelson from NFLPA
huge thanks to everyone who came out last night, see you guys next month!
Ugh!
So sleepy but everytime i hear a slight change in the wind my eyes fly open.
I hate storms night!
Reason is the natural order of truth; but imagination is the organ of meaning
Start booking your Holiday services with us early.
Call today: 9048249804
so I'm an elephant now?
Get the stretcher out!!
Bosh's groin got dislocated!
So who won?
haha i love victorious!!!
you're dorky, in a good way.
This girl too!
tomorrow I get to go to Ball State and hang out with some friends : I can't wait!!
i love you too :
Forget where I heard that story but I'd swear it was from someone who was at G'town with him.
I also choose to believe.
and his jacket just fell from the sky.
Had a fun lunch catching up with our old friend Chris Hannon at LitFuse today.
aww sometimes being alone helps you find out who you really are and who want to be though because you have time to think
Pittsburgh 78, Penn 58 Penn coach Jerome Allen and Pittsburgh coach Jamie Dixon talk about the Panthers' win over the Quakers at the Pale
Jesus hair 
RT : RT : BREAKING: North Carolina's antigay marriage amendment has passed 
you were supposed to have classmates give you feedback and then post the final.
I pulled it out of email.
supportlocalmusic Live random tracks.
Only a few more likes till 2000 on Facebook.
go like us.
nothing's ever what it seems to be.
Not an Urban Oufitters shopper because of their prices.
But their photography in their ads are top notch!
Winding down teaching this night class.
Any UofL fan that claims he isn't jealous of UK's recent success is legitimately lying.
I'll be featured in a segment on Tucson Fox 11 Daybreak Show tomorrow from 79am.
I haven't seen it yet, lets watch it together!
Hope u had a geat St.
Patricks Day tweeters!
We love the Irish!
yes king
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Karlee Winecoff on the 18U sand program for 2012.
Yeah your really defeating the label, keep tweeting kylie how you hate her...
Next 15 years greatest amt of wealth transfer ever: prepare 2 serve: Wm High Giving Fund
It's never good when your home announcers are talking about the infield dirt
I Hope Your Voice Gets Better!
Just Wondering, What Do I Have To Do To Get A Tweet Or A Follow?
: PS: I Love You:
Off to bed fantastic PPV tonight and will miss you : X 3
I go on rides where there are multiple double bikes and TWO triple decker bikes.
Hi.
haha not you honey boo boo child xD
Next stop...50 years
Balls, Philadelphia.
can we get a RT for the Cats vs your Buckeyes in the championship game!
Im awake early because somebody decided to knock on my front door really hard and woke me up thanks a lot 
and when did that mean it's not good?
I know more hits that are bad than good
How do we get it to taste SO GOOD?
We use amazing imported oils and vinegars.
It really is about quality!!
thanks for following.
:
I reeeeeealy should be cleaning my dirty house, but I must make penny jewelry...out of desire AND necessity!
:
going to N mason belfair resources to share self taught grant writing abilities today with them should be interesting Officer Grant , out
updating expressiaann.com
omg your my new TeamStefan bestie, i'm guessing your Stelena right?
no, Transmission.
Man, how can we buy your StreetKing TShirt and your StreetKing new era cap
Gov.
Dayton says on the 5yard line with Vikings stadium plans.
Ah, those last 5 yards are the toughest.
twitter freak
we dont use pesticides in our sound booth :D
I don't have money though, so I'm not buying you shit.
Lol.
Not going to sleep until I finish this episode of duck dynasty.
thanks 4 supporting the spot!
Nicki Minaj Pepsi Commercial: Rapper's 'Moment 4 Life' Serves as Soundtrack  Video
just wondering but didn't u say that u had Xbox live?
thak god to see a next day
When will we find out whether our home game is 11/2 or 11/3??
Story time with
You and me both.
Football just means bad traffic.
:
FIGURES!
First post I read after going on restriction should TOTALLY be favorited.
2nite the biggest halloween party goes down inside holdin it down!!!!
Hey I need more followers wanna help me out?
You've been on a such a creative streak with the last few albums, a standard review just didn't seem right.
Morning convos with Zai be interesting 
I'm listening to I'm Reppin...This track is crazy...Definitely got this on rotation in the whip.
You used the word seem twice in 11 words.
Indeed.
The heat is on!
I try to say eponymous at least once a day.
I tweet  people who don't know me.
I'm a Hufflepuff!
Paddling out with now!
Sorry  stuck in my head and the only way to get it out is to play it...NowPlaying LMFAO  Party Rock Anthem on
Trading truck in soon for 2010 ford fusion soon
I rest my case.
!!
Like a mini tire in the trunk..SpareMe...rolls in the covers and smiles at the mister
We had a talented instructor who helped the students challenge their body, mind in an AfroHaitian dance  of course Kizomba!
follow :D
Mom didn't even get mad
with jeff green gone will you represent the legends and leaders or just admit that acc basketball is better
me and think u should have your own show 3
I have a friend who has become a Words With Friends hermit.
Won't accept a game from anyone.
lol u believed us lol get ur ass here I still wanna do ur nails
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?
What the hell, Karen?
Much aloha, Chrishell!
Totes miss Thankfully i found a remix
such a stud at the bar 
looks like I'm your first followerwhat an honor.
You won't recognize my Twitter handle, but on ArtFire I'm Torque Story.
I don't want to say goodbye to Glee.
I want everyone to stay and it continue like they're in high school forever 3
lol George Idk u could rap Big T
I JUST WATCHED 'S MOVIE NSN again .
AND I LOVED IT ; 3 LOVE YOU BIEBER!!!!!!!!!!
WAZ GOOD BRO
I'm pretty sure I just became a Mumford  Sons fan.
I think it's the banjo...
Distinguished Young Women of Greater Baltimore scholarship program is looking for H.S.
junior girls to compete!
Message me!
Cotton Tale Designs Pirates Cove Toy Bag
dude, what happened to your avatar?
That was awesome.
Maybe bring back for budget comm days or key votes?
In court in beautiful FL keys
Glad you enjoyed the campus tour!
What were the highlights for you?
ya I guess it's at least worth a shot lol
find the light.
find it and keep it lit.
Awe, thank you!
So are you3
Having 5 on the weed is not acceptable.
Holla at the loonies wit that.
hahah.
One Direction isn't following you.
Those are fake accounts.
Ahaha
u beat me to it Joey lol I was right about to say but no rings haha
Rankings don't lie in the MWC.
I think my account has been hackedyikes!
Please know I do not send spam.
Yeah, and it's so good!
Check out her cover of Shelter by the XX, and her song Young Blood...
LOVE HER!
Lubna, thank you again for adding our posts for your daily news on twitter!
Have a great weekend.
RT : I don't condone fighting its a terrible thing raises the bullshit flag WW3 nuff said lol
Anne McCaffrey Make no judgements where you have no compassion.
guess ill be seeing u later tonight
How are you?
Stay strong, love.
3
I wish I knew the answer to that one
We do!
And also learn from you to find the times where a reminder is most effective for you.
PTI: 75 chance of no basketball being played next season.
Hey now!!
Don't be hatin!
: : English majors smh
God repair and fix brokenness.
Broken spirits, hearts, marriages, and families.
Restore Daddy!
Restore!
good luck tomorrow!!
Look forward to hearing about it!!
coown or have it?
lol
Ah prom is next week!
someone who should seriously take the video down, lol
yep....
Jealous, enjoy your time buddy!!
Its amazing how ones day comes to a screeching halt when ones cell phone ceases to function properly..
Sucks too.
fine then I wont
The new Sherlock Holmes, Benedict Cumberbatch, was also in Masterpiece's The Last Enemy
hoe you will go here there and everywhere stop it
Givng up about 10 points on handicap.
They should cover that easily
Bruce, you are truly groovy.
No misnomer there.
I wish you tremendous happiness and health brother!
Fireman fire hot
thanks to OCLC for joining THATcamp Bay Area as presenting sponsor.
So many folks, like , helping make this event possible.
Yes, exactly.
See?
You get it!
:P Text me, has me on text alert, and is probably getting annoyed, haha.
'the speakeasy caucus will be meeting...by the halal cart'
By your definition Trent Dilfer was a better QB than Dan Marino.
I wanna go to the movies .
maybe later :
thanks,  others for helping announce Accessibility Camp DC on Oct.
9 in Washington D.C.
Register  www.accessibilitycampdc.org
Thanks to everyone for making the tnla12 conference a great experience!
We'll see you next year in Chattanooga!
OMG.
was just catching up on old tweets and saw you threw out a go blue!
WHERE DID THAT COME FROM?!
:
I saw the booth, I wasn't sure if they were sampling or what?
congrats!
Sounds like an awesome gig!!
my Windows Phone is taking so long to update :
oh MY pleasure wink wink
Dumpin out that yeyo, sniffin all it up.
Go ahead and hate her, cause everybody does
All things must pass is by far the best of the 3.
RT :
Saw u on Wed night gr8 show!!
RT : I hope everyone who saw us last night wore protection.
i've got respect for dice clay, but he's kind of a dummy.
lol everyone makes it out to seem that way.
I'd rather go alone if I don't have a bf loll
Each day, there are over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world
picture time?
Haha ,  what other chick wants me to?
Lol
that sucks!
Do u want me to send u new pics of me?
Lol
and are at the AMAcauseconference preevent!!!
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Yes, will do that!
Thanks :
big congrats on the big news.
Already thought highly of the Verge, now they'll be on my daily web tour
fridayreads TALES OF THE DYING EARTH, ALREADY DEAD, THE HISTORY OF CLOUDS
If anyone needs me I'll be in the bathroom.
Performing the monologue: It's Ralph tomorrow at the showcase along with a scene from the play Impromptu.
Excited :
The time has come to get my shit together.
24 days to shooting.
Much to do, but we are going to be ready for a great experience!
will be sad if you miss it
Do yourself a favor: Get a cookie from B  C, pair it with a pint of Vanilla Porter.
Your smile will be thanks...
U ready to see what I wore hehe ;
We have crabcakes today!
Soup of the day...Italian Wedding.
See you for lunch.
is it the wind and pollen making you feel like crap?
or was it the Jaeger?
Go ahead and blame it on mother nature
Easy there..
Its coming, and will be worth the wait!
And we're psyched to have you in Charm City!
RT Psyched to be heading down for
Why is staying on property in Orlando more economical than staying on property in LA?
I 3 staying at the Grand Californian.
EXACTLY.
RT : what will be doing on the weekends .
.
.
besides not being on the 4th Stringcast?
Eyes getting low, I'm getting sleepy
Neermind.
And in other news, I missed the first 15 mins of my online reference shift.
I'm also scheduled at the ref desk during my hour.
RIP Adam Yaunch of the Beastie Boys.
that hello kitty tattoo is gonna kick ass
thank you, Amber!
Gomez at Short?
Is this real life?
Choir performance tonight!!!
LETSDOTHIS!!!
I love my sis
RT : Rep.
Gwen Moore endorses Tom Barrett in Wisconsin Dem primary for Scott Walker recall.
But I only eat hers tho:
TGIF a happy Friday to all, the weekend is finally here, You know success is based on your feeling of accomplishment not on others approval
GreatestAlbumsofalltime Face the Music '76 Electric Light Orchestra
; Airsoft Guns ?
Have Fun With Guns and Know the Differences handguns
Bored as af!!!
can't go to sleep.
Let me get this straight: So the dude in the pirate outfit in Fast Times directed the Stop Kony video?
aye yall dont be scared to add me anytime ill follow back as well,god bless everyoneS.Beyond
yes you'll have to skip scenes.
tweeted Sunday that she had finally moved then 24 hrs later was on Assembly floor to get honored.
Will be up at 5am to buy lawn tix for Duran Duran at tomorrow.
Why?
Cause I'm hungry like the wolf!
I don't think I'll ever get over him...
As long as the music plays
Didn't they bounce back from a triple OT loss?....I think that was this series...I could be wrong.
No sir, it is me.
You, me, and mike talked about college loan butt rapings on wednesday at bbi.
How much is too much?
did you workout today?
eat clean?
want to join my challenge May 1st, ask me how : there are some dvds for 20 bucks!
what's checkout?
So glad to hear that!
We look forward to seeing you again soon!
He blocked me pretty good but I schooled him too!
lo!!
RT : did Josh Turner take it easy on u guys when playing bball?
Lol
got 2 go to bed skool marrow and got health thank god
Caffeine, I can't quit you.
very good!
Lots of time w/family.
The tin box is rockin it in echo park tonight by sunset and lemoyne.
Come on by and watch us wrestle a bear.
Wow.
Good for them!
We can't even imagine what 2 FTE would look like  heck, 1 FTE!
much less 5.8.
: Tanning todaayy me too!
You say that as if there's any other kind.
Even my gay friends love boobs.
Check out some our members personal twitters!
I'm not a fan of Phillip.
I'm tryin but I just cant..
Nice stage presence but thats it to me besides him being a musician.
Looks like the Heat will Waltz to the finals through a battered East
so true.
Hammerheads were my second favorite
Sammy Harman, the only out transgender male at Whitman high school is my hero!!
Thank you Sammy!
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Who's that hanging from the gallow tree?/ His eyes are hollow but he looks like me...
Excited for tomorrow :
Looks like all that fresh air yesterday did me in.
Sick as a.
.
.
really sick person.
When you share an account with Netflix will recommend films with a strong female lead.
please stay over there, person in zildjian shirt
Thanks to the walkers and supporters who made NSTAR's Walk for so successful!
It's really sad when 5 comes and goes and you don't notice.
Sadder still when you don't care.
gave a guy my sunglasses because I'm a nice freaking guy
Why waste time having this rusty and junk car in your yard?
Just trade it in for cash
Pauly d looks like Doug funny
.
noone cares that im dying?
reply to this if you care!
If you don't have all the answers, you don't have all the questions.
Michael Bell, UWMadison sociologist
Justin Bieber, Jayz, Beyonce, Stevie Wonder, Nick Jackelson,  NBA All Star Game
Save water,doctornk beer:p
Thanks!
As I'm sure you know, packing is a bitch :/
This is life.
Sit happens.
Don't question why.
Just simply deal with it, in the best way.
Stay positive.
And be strong.
what I tell my ...
this is gonna b amaseballs
I get to go back in June!!!
I really miss cheap regional midwestern beers, hills and baseball
Me too.
But its all good.
Ill hug you when I see you LOL
Orlando Museum of Art lets public choose exhibit
NEW TRACKS ARE UP ALL OVER THE NET!
WWW.MYSPACE.COM/ROSELLABAND Did you know our newest member?
His name is Mike, he punishes doctorm heads.
Or shall I say people on Facebook are childish.
nice to be spoiled for choice when it comes to state parks!
Hearing about 's engagement as a board member.
Great example of using a personal brand for good.
Kudos, sir.
I'm with you on that.
Tomorrow can only be better.
I just ate two hot pockets.
Zee point, she is taken.
Your best since
The more powerful an explanation, the more difficult it is to see what it is obscuring.
Saskia Sassen.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire
Tebow has nothing on Lin.
Comparisons are insulting.
BecauseOfGaga being weird as shit means you being cool as shit
What's Goody lil momma what you up 2 !!
After yesterday's large snow storm I'm waking up 2 a spectacular Park City, Utah morning  today would be the day to go skiing
.
I disagree that debt stance serves Romney, because his solution is austerity....that having been said, I hope he bites
I have done what everyone should do once in there lives: Attend a GWAR concert.
Where's your partner in crime?
Yoohoo :::waiving furiously::::
m.
That does sound good.
I've put in a call.
I should have and answer for you soon!
Today's a new day.
What r u gonna make it?
scotch egg, Greman chocolate pancakes, devised eggs....
Yum, brunch was great!
true.
but at the same time, we could be learning with them.
Respect goes along way.
Go Bulls!!
u are a gal that knows how to make things happen!
My hero!
that's a neat idea...
I wonder if they're planning to allow user generated content

chicken is not a living thing!.
Its a plant !!!
A life making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing at all.
brother sent us pictures from his pod/cell at king county work release.
It really made me miss my cell.
DidIReallySayThat?
I get really confused when I a biz operating on FB as a personal professorle and not a page.
Are there benefits to this?
Or is it just laziness?
You better begin your birthday weekend when i begin mine!
:P
ThingsMyExSaid you'll never find someone else like me ..well that was why i left you
Happy Friday!
Hello, New York.
I just saw you the other day but I was in a hurry.
Now, we can sit and talk.
sorry, we have only a fan page so we can't really add you on FB.
I would if we could though!
It's brutal that it took me 7 years before I seriously tried grinding poker without any radio/music/television competing for my focus.
s/o for 100 and being awesome
Titanic 3d what
Now , watching Poetic Justice:
Oh, how I miss it...
The panties appear to have made a long pitstop in Vegas.
I feel so helpless.
It's always business hours somewhere!
just received a whole box of Levi's tshirts...I feel a promotion coming on
Looking for an honest web designer that is a straight shooter call Sven at www.icmltd.biz you will be glad you did.
Anyone seen CabinInTheWoods yet?
Worth seeing in the theater or wait for DVD?
New dashboard install is buggy.
If stuck getting online, keep logging in and out until it allows you to accept terms and conditions.
BarryGlazerTweets RT : DON'T RAIN ON MY PARADE UNLESS IT'S THE RAIN PARADE IN WHICH CASE NO PEEING
Create a plot to get tha
Did you know vinegar and water can be used to clean lots of things.
I use Malt Vinegar to give the house that nice Long John Silvers smell.
Is EricCantor giving us blue steel?
That is a slanderous statement, suh!
Watch your tongue or I shall have to challenge you to a duel!
I LOVE ME : more than anybody else could!
I'm not gonna spam you 5,000 times, but I just wanna say how much you inspire me to be real.
Laugh a lot,  just be me.
:
oh and thank you!
:
i think she thinks I be talkin shyt about her and I don't
counting on it.
Let's Get Dizzy!
Phew!!
Finished shipping all of our supplies to Houston for TLA 2012
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.
Helen Keller
You know music is good when you turn it down a little and crave a louder volume.
Foo Fighters  Wasting Light.
Thanks everyone for the congratulations!
I am dancing around my apartment like Zooey Deschanel in the iPhone 4S commercial lol
the early bird gets the worm :
Karl Malone is the best b0 ever
aww i just saw thisyou're the best!
doctorp it to the floor make that ass shake girrrllll
I bet the scariest sound out there is a deaf person having an orgasm
; RT Hey have yall tried eggfast on 12 n high it stay open 24hrs best breakfast n city f wafflehouse
Cant wait till the hunger games comes out
Speaking at tangibleireland this morning about how Irish entrepreneurs can set up US businesses
RT : Sr.
Customer Assistance Representative  Albuquerque Airport at Enterprise RentACar...
Im Hot SummerCamp
...but then I tried the camera's USB cable  it fit!
Victory is mine!
o/
Thanks Sheri!
It's like u have a Memphis 6th sense: was having coffee w/Justin Key when I got your tweet!
Has been for a while.
Good guy.
Better burger!
Googlemaps bike function, so sweet Input: 21 California Missions.
output: 927 turns, 805 milesOff to the touring bike, CU in March!
Music is totally on point right now, Jason misterz  Train 
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER FAM!
!!!!
Brunch today ladies??
Saw  at Runyon.
They said u were in a meeting.
You're so Hollywood now.
24/7 son.
Heading to til Monday then to in NYC...
Well alright.
rockrolllifestyle
Back at home.
Watching Game of Thrones than my Borgias.
we have a mobile, interactive reality platform and ideas for reality games for good.
Lets talk
You can go fuck yourself, the more intimate of wellwishes.
oh we will be singing it!
That was corny lol..
While seeing a ling trailer get peeled like a sardine can is cool I am glad that no one was hurt.
nawh nigga, you got thefancy and shit.
foh sean garret with that fat ass nose.
At the gym.
All alone.
Boo.
We hope you enjoy it!
Happy ereading!
I'm going to put a 1 in front of the time and pretend I'm getting to bed at a decent hour.
it's ok just do 2,050th tweet :
ahh by that, do you mean as in culturally/ritually?
I talked till the battery died lol RT : good seeing you at 13th  Brickell but as usual you where on the phone!
FOUND WRITING TAPE OF ME AND EDDIE BROWN WRITING HARDHEADED.
INFECTING GROOVE, WE WILL DO FOR HOMELESSDOGMUSIC.
PLEASE EDDIE TWEET IN
I always think the Quicken Loans spot is for Proactiv.
WHAT?!
omg...how did i get here...
RT : Hanging out with
getting off twitter for a few bbl bbs
Dear Yankees: And that's what it feels like to be FISTED!
BOOM!
Supernatural Yeah, pretty good one, too...I'm sure they'll replay it.
When you have multiple fantasy teams, you tend to pick a favorite one, dont you?
Its okay to admit it, we all do it.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speakEpictetus
With the world ending tomorrow, I am trying hard to get things done.
Nothing like a doctorpdead date in a schedule to get me motivated.
Send a Birthday Cake as easy as www.SendaCake.com
Pickin up my little cousin from high school..
Makes me miss Marian
He's everything I could ever want in someone3 he's perfect in my eyes3
We've shipped the latest issue of the Storybook Home Journal  we'll post more details tomorrow
That is dumb!
Withey's turnovers are more likely to effect the outcome.
Over/under for me is 5
Almost Lunch time :
I Love You Mickie:
pathetic fuckin people lemme tell you
Wow thats awesome.
my xbox sucks comapred to that one lol xD
: MT : Congrats Chris!
RT : Peoplefluent Promotes Chris Caldon to SVP, Marketing  Strategic Sales
What did God say after creating man?
I can do better.
Pretty sure I have like 4 cavities on the same tooth.
and no research shows harm
When you start things in Life look to where it leads you in the end!
Yeah, the egg looks really big when you see how tiny she is.
I'm wondering if she will lay another one tomorrow.
said in comic book guys voice
no doubt interference
maybe I can write yours if you promise to write mine???...Deal?
finishing up a successful ALA Conference and ready to hit the ground running as FAFLRT President and DCLA PresidentElect
:' you have hurt my feelings.
I've been here for almost the entire day.
Seriously wishing your tour was coming to Colorado.
If I didn't work full time, I'd make the trek.
Love what you're doing.
:
We'll have over 100 talented pro  student musicians on stage today for the CSO/CSYO SidebySide concert with  Jmister Rehearsal:
Congrats Phil Humber on perfection!
pick out a Sox shirt!
I'm not much of a soccer fan...
Its friday my good people ;
Dearest 2011...you brought a few great moments...but to be honest...I met 2012...and I've decided to move on.
Reading this referal for my young gods behavior the teacher said HE was really scared of my 13 yr old sun wowww more to come Im sure of it
Colleges usually reserve 1015 of their financial aid pool for appeals.
NCFS can teach you how to appeal for more aid.
Re: Sales Tax vs.
New City Hall: I'd laugh if voters approved city hall and rejected the sales tax.
I know every book of mine by its smell, and I have but to put my nose between the pages to be reminded of all sorts of things.
attention/has made an escape/for the free
I've been so lazy with tweeting!
On tour right now in Oregon!
Playing Corvallis and Portland tomorrow!
See for more info!
burnt my finger making shrimp :
How Language Is Like Fashion: The Case of 39;Hopefully39;
sincerely hopes that stupidity is not catching  or else I'll be a moron by the end of the semester
: Southern Illinois needs to Free Trey Setty.
The Salukis refuse to release the freshman unless he gets a 2.6 GPA.
Wow

here I thought you were going to mention my redesign tweet  all the joys we had when we worked on one :
I love you, Mom.
Working on forms and accounts  sometimes it's just paperwork.
Best Wishes to All!
g2g bye love you :
Where do you even get cargo sweatpants?!
Thanks for continuing to be a loyal customer!: RT : I've been taking Flash cabs forever.
Whenever I was little..
sox win, beers have been doctornk, mass amounts of Chinese food has been eaten.
Fuck yeah opening day in Bridgeport.
Just tie a rope or long string to a ceiling fan and tie a doggy toy to the other end of it, turn on the fan, auto doggy runner!
random both I wonder how many times u been dunked on not including me
you should text me
B open for lunch and if you're out this evening at the Monument PuffsPastries will be there!
fine with me!
Thinking about grumbling from a session yesterday abt improper definition of archives  this crowd seems nicer.
i miss my man too girl...when u see him tell him i said i've been waiting for him for a long time now lol
now following
This Metra train smells like a brewery...
I wish I had a beer...
thanks!
hope you're joining!
like if you'r black and wouldn't have it no way else
These Ellen/JCP commercials are fantastic
thanks.
visited your site.
dope!!!
Haha, thanks you too!
this always happens: i msg someone on okc for a date.
weeks later he hasn't replied but msgs me on mh for a hookup
JEALOUS!
Go  Brewers.
Sound and video checks done.
Give me a second .
I needa get my story straight..
Cledus, Thank you for helping to make April a record month here at Elder Ford of Tampa.
You guys are the best!
It is great to be getting an AK47 for Christmas :
Curse you Flame Alphabet and your angsty signification!
AP:Saints head coach Sean Payton suspended w/o pay for 2012 season by NFL
possible.
But sources also say he already entered into agreement with madam sonia.:
okay what kind of Arizona do you want?
There's nothing to me quite so refreshing as unfettered, candid, practical feedback.
More, please.
Childoctorn are so innocent and its the parents that corrupt them by their wicked ways
Thanks for posting these great quotes
We see you!
Love the smell of mirepoix on the stove.
Started tonight's ride by forgetting my shoes.
Hooked up w/ the guys mid ride  got in a good 25 miles.
Massachusetts made...
Vegas paid ....
Haha My heart belongs to the East SiiiidddDddDdeee all day!!!
Never forget were you came from...
3
Wish I was paid by the word!
RT : Look for a QA with the President of in today's Nashville City Paper.
the girl dat backstas me like to be someone shes not she dead better not play her self cus Im guna end up punching her so hard she would fly
When a nigga does you wrong sometimesyouhaveto let his ass go!!!
Fuck, I have to fix my clothes still.
RT : Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
John Wooden
Haha!
to both of you
I see no posts or tweets about St.
Patty's Day.
Do we all just doctornk beer so much that we don't need a holiday for it anymore?
I DID have an AMAZING time working on GearsOfWar3 with the crew.
Gears3 ROCKS!
Can you get me a press pass to get into the games....
You do realize the minute you delete them, the need will arise to call one of the removed numbers.
Im in the same boat.
Not exactly holding my breath either...
Since signing up for Klout a week ago, my score went from 10 to 28 to 41.
Big deal.
It just measures how much I tweet links and who RTs me.
I'd love to hear that there was some sort of effort to clear the ice off of Dekalb Avenue.
Because I'm not believing it right now.
I'm trying to eat my Fruity Pebbles, man!
xD
Noise proves nothing.
Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she had laid an asteroid.
Please go on dancing with the stars and do the dance DD did last night, It would make a lot of women happy
Wow....the weather outside is bloody gorgeous!
It's also pretty good on other days...:
What's your favorite local restaurant?
2 difficult to meet a classroom of 30's individual needs, but is there not a halfway where teachers and learners can meet?
You know it's bad sex when you hear the guy say are you gonna cum and she says maybe tomorrow.
Special thanks to for a fantastic tasting event yesterday!
Going to the beach today : beautiful weather outside.
Finally some cold air in Florida!
feels like forever.
I want to be your it girl 3
Sometimes I don't tell you what i'm feeling, because I'm hoping the silence between us would give you a clue.
Wishes our offices where open so I could snowboard to work!
HowToKeepARelationship Do anything the girl says.
lol I'm like doctor Seuss?
Hahaha and I wish that Maserati was mine!!!
lol when did you take a picture of my socks????????
:O
chem symbol for gold?
hopefully I will be able to go out Saturday!
26 followers til 3k!!
Lets get it tonight!!
GoBrowns What do you guys think the Tribe score will be tonight?!
Today is my birthday!
Lets get me some more followers!
I know!
DISamazing website!.Flying thru CPH this summer but the journey is packed so can't stay long :
Hahaha.
They're a band...
People are now realizing that white boys are the best?!
wherethefuckhaveyoubeen?!
White boys  Burnt negros!!
2 new sister cities: Boring, Oregon meets Dull, Scotland
thx I really need more follower tuck :
Chocolate shaved ice, mochi, homemade brownie bits and leche syrup  gets a bestofsummer stamp
My suite is splitting up, my academic advisor is moving away, I'm not going home for the summer...
I can't handle all this
Central Waters is beefing up its lab to prevent future problems and will now swab every barrel to test for purity.
If you or someone you know lives is Houston, TX than tell them to check me out in The New Movement: Houston Harold Weekend!
your contact form page link doesnt
shit you done told her nae nae and Rochelle got the best of us today
thanks lady.
I may or may not have gone a little overboard during undergrad...
Sorry to hear it!
You'll be missed.
you better stop thinking 2 days after surgery is time for normal daily actions!
Shew lil lady!
Send your Paypal reciept to and we will discuss a refund.
April 9th so another week off to be a bum.
8
glad to finally meet you too!
Looking forward to ECU tomorrow!
Metropolitan homelessliaison committee  Demise discusses how this group meets to discuss pike concerns  collaborate together.
oh thats wassup bro..but i think some where in Greece tho
has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct.
31!!!
Book ur 50 treatments 2day!
dude did you want to reinvent the genre or learn how to perform it?
I find the rubric useful
Definitely a blastfromthepast, breathoffreshair kind of thing.
Fight gone bad....holy hell that was hard.
we are happy to have you!
Welcome to 9920az!
The only thing I seriously want for my birthday right now is for to tell me Happy Birthday!
2 blue moon doctorfts all day long.
2 colors light bottles 1012
hell no
Woke feeling bit grumpy this morning!
sigh.
Not only do I get to see at home, but I also get
That's the best part!
The Natural Science Center is walkable from my house.
Goats, sheep, lemurs, tigers, etc.
all so close!
Officially the worst day ever!
15 paras.
left.
21 paras.
for a project?!
My history teacher if fuckin nuts.
Did I mention I hate having to write about loving Hitler?!?!
Distractions from the enemy are inevitable..
After all, that's what he gets paid for!
Also, please give us a LIKE on facebook!!!
We have a preview of a song!!!
facebook.com/missinginalaska
Crocktees TShirts Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
oh sorry  just assumed you'd be open!
See you there!!
with
Happy eReading Bob!
Hope you are enjoying The doctorp!
you are the best i promise to come to your show one day can't wait love you
A good style should show no signs of effort.
What is written should seem a happy accident.
W.
Somerset Maugham
I went back and looked.
That double on 11 left the lane wide open for 33.
Really wasn't poorly conceived possession
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
Kurt Vonnegut
you suck at doctorving xoxoxo
now I'm blushing!
Dang!
;
Michael said he was going to punch me in my uterus.
Lmfao 
how about ?
RT Looking for names/URLs of serious fitness/nutrionist bloggers.
Whatcha got for me?
Please RT
HEALTHCAREWhat are the 3 D's that could change your health ins plan benefits when they occur?
Buy your book www.theprofessorttrap.com
Air Berlin39;s 5Day Sale for Spring/Summer Travel
RT : Sometimes loving yourself is the only person you should be loving...
In 1 week I will be a mess with my faves in Vegas.
I'll also be dying of heat stroke.
Tournament starts at 9pm, located in the upstairs bar at Hennesseys.
Thirsty Tuesdays, neone?
Cash prizes too.
Contact me for deets.
Kids at Disneyland are like doctornken college students: They get hopped up, wander aimlessly, bump into people, get ornery, and crash hard.
I LOVE that Ron Paul talks about, in a Republican debate, legalizing marijuana, and that the real problem is RX doctorgs.
Amazing
So weird spending weekends without you all, can't wait until football season!
Anger is a defense mechanism.
You are defensive because you are frightened.
Getting a bit o' schooling in Alberta politics  the Canadian systemhealthy bit of knowledge for my ignurrunt USA self.
No plans big homie...I get off 9:30.
What up wit it?
nothing much just watching tv with friends lol  you?!
REALLY?
OMG.
Hi Suri's boss!
:
will do
Hate these simpsons they're so boring
Mike s Early View of the News May 12, 2012 Julie Andoctorws  Brentwood house isn t going for a song The home Andoctorws owned with her
Thanks Charlie RT : follow u x wine notes
To preregister for salsa class please RSVP at
prob just include bit of cataloging, because occasional change collection codes, etc.
I'm uwake and waching tv
Preparing to welcome Joel Bishop to share the Orange Revolution at
Super Moon on Saturday
Thanks Rachel, I understand and I am following Lee's argument.
Good Afternoon Tweeters!!!
It's LinSanity time!!!
looking forward to meeting you as well!
Can't wait for the fun event!
I loved the whole Tower of Genji sequence!!
Years of waiting paid off!
Yay!
I've been very outgoing lately.
I like it 
me too I just wish I could watch it!
All poetic inspiration is but doctoram interpretation.
Hans Sachs
some days, you really can't win.
That's okay, I'll all come back to you.
Not sure what she means by that but Chris looks like he's about to light her up.
hey I'm here at mad mex already and got us a table.
YESSYESYESYESYES!
...please c:
I hate going into the dentist without my mommy:
wants to play ball with C3.
Me too  just saw the Smart Bitches article  I don't even know what to say!
I know!
I need some Hilary time!
I have our hollyrocks shirt on!
dude, you can finally meet my mom...
wtf bro
Happy bday lilmama have a great birthday wish u best
Anyone in the Austin Are looking for a creative director/consultant let me know..
I have some one looking to make a move.
OMG.
OVARIES ARE GONE youre so hot!
Can't wait for Believe tour tickets to be released 
wondering what twitter is all about.
seems to me like a place for people without a life to see what other people without a life are doing...
Remember when I said ball usage over/under was 115?
There have already been 15 balls used in the 1st inning.
Adjust accordingly
My heart beats at the same rate as my music...
140 BPM xD
The Tasting is nearly here!
80 days.
About tumblr favicon: To be honest, I
Thanks for the follow!
I hope you like your text :3
Welcome to the smchi ohana!
Our newest PRO member!
cc:
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.
I think Ramos did it and cremated the body :
Hahahahaha try to f with david west.
He's built like ray lewis and boxes in his free time.
When you're in the basement grabbing your shovel, change your furnace filter!
You can save up to 40 in furnace electric costs!
Here is a question for you to ponder...
What would it take to multiply YOU, especially if you are the greatest asset to the organization.
I LOVE MY FANS 3333
You can do better
follow before she commits!21
Seattle Mariners Baseball: Rue The Day.
where'd all this offense come from??
Preshow practice.
m/
I think Jason posted that one lol.
You are the one who laughs first, but..
who laughs last laughs best!
and I began my revenge.
You started to stop laughing.
Trials come into our lives when God is trying to teach us, lead us or correct us.
So happy for the  the team!
Congrats!
more
Anytime!
Glad you enjoyed the brews and food.
lmfao oh gosh he ugly
hm 4am.
how did it get so early/late?
oh well.
research paper done!
now just an exam to finish up for friday and then the weekend!
I'm all over it man
Just ate dinner across from Perry Farrell.
Mistook him for Christopher Moltisanti.
YouCantSayYouGrownIf if you still don't understand the diff between sex and pleasure...how to give and receive it.
is doing great this morning on the radio!
Have a great time in San Juan!
Who are you going with?
We will definitely meet up when you return.
goodnight.
boating in the morning 3 :
I love all the pictures I get and collected throughout the years.
Honestly I don't remember where this one came from.
Running a marathon tomorrow and I have 4 guys that want to breed me today.
Guess I'll be stretched out for the race.
Excited to go to the Tech Museum tomorrow in San Jose!
Offshore Finance Broker KMI Opens The Corporate Bonds Market
yes, as we're saying, he's whiny bitch who thinks he's better than he is
Hey Sam
I'm sorta in love with you right now...
That pinup is epic!
Double Helix  1am, K Method and Wycon  230am, Colby Diodittyz  12am.
At THE BEAN!!
5 all night.
Grand  National.
Zetterberg is the man!!.
East smells like a litterbox.
Let's talk about how excited I am to be here for layout.
when r u gonna write the next chapter I can't wait to read it!!!!!!!!
Flyers score another power play goal and make it 20 ....
Spinn is the SEO's playground and they are very picky.
If you want to do well there you must make sure to never duplicate anything
Shit like that blows me
I carry this mattress everywhere with me for when I get raped.
I hate getting gravel in my palms.
Thanks for the follow, keep up the good work!
sorry about tomas  know just sucks to not win.
He played great thoug...
Such a close match.
A bottle of sparkling DC brut all for me!

IF you were hitting the snooze button that's the REAL WAKE UP CALL....
Smh
Today we celebrate Cinco de Mayo, the victory of the Mexican militia against the French army in the Battle of Puebla.
trying out life in a new metro area
I have faith, based on Shield, that this will be the case here too, but so far it feels tenuous.
Do i twatch ?
yes .
do i get my feelings hurt ?
yes .
do i learn my lesson ?
no .
do i twatch again ?
hell yea fucking right
Think that dentists are creepy and sadistic?
Youd be right!
The person who invented the electric chair was a dentist!
RT : n are your go to for summer gear!
Loving this hashtag : The Call of the Mild lessinterestingbooks
LOL yes sir!
then I got you covered.
New video from Binks Winston comin soon!
And then they did not score a field goal in the last 8 minutes of the game.
Ever since u got that birth control shot u been fuckin up a storm any and everybody..now u in walgreens lookin for the best vaginal cream
your music cheers me up so much, i love you i hope one day your recongise me and follow me!
LiesBeforeSex no this isn't all i want from you, what we have is magical i just want to take the next step in our relationship
what are you specifically looking for in the winners?
I want this so bad...
Proud to be your 200th!
We're AOL's dealoftheday site, offering 50off great places to eat, shop, and have fun in Philly.
as awesome as Mitchell is, I don't want to be a dood.
my heart aches for more than i can give..
That's what's up!
Scublife!
RT : New Eviction Notice mixtape will be available for free download 11.28!!!
great look into startup win culture.
likes to gong  Yamm milestones
Chuck Crim comes on and immediately gives up a solo homer to Quinones.
Lead down to one after six, 87 Brewers.
I'll be tweeting live tonight from the budget hearing.
I'm curious to know how cuts in spending will be defended.
We'll see
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
i'm looking again at yr blog  it's the greatest , wait, what IS divine hammer about?
Looks heavenly, my sad chicken taco just doesn't compare.
RT : You've achieved success in your field when you don't know whether what you're doing is work or play.
Warren Beatty
Available to answer ?
about how to add affordable screen printing to embroidery shop to increase customer base/professorts.
RT is ready to rock fall fashion!
Tomorrow is Fashion's Night Out!
It's going to be a fun filled night of fashion!
beautiful morning here in Vegas...
Get yo boogie on!!
I always makking on a bitch!!
Lol
hope rafa's got some electrolytes...
he's gonna need a lot of replacement
Well shoot!
I'll make for ya soon, and that's a promise!
doctorke playlist on
I'm super glad we went to the show tonight!
I'm also glad you, me and Justin shoved pizuttis in our faces.
How do you spell that?
Watching the Golden Globes now...what did I miss?
how u doing
the last 10 pounds are always the hardest to lose  AWESOME tips for combating the struggle!
Council committee grills mayor39;s office in courthouse furniture dispute
I slick wana go to the lil fair in front of the raleigh mall!
I need a date tho
will you be around tomorrow?
if so, come by.
i dont want relationship i jus want a night
hey justin all i want for xmas is you
had a great audition today, used the new techniques I learned at and it felt great!!!
i can not believe Rachelle went home tonight.
that's just wrong.
nicole should have voted for the best act on the save me song.
RACHELLE
Chillen With My Baby...
: Had A GREAT Thanksgivng Break..
Now 2 More Weeks For Christmas Break..
OMG Ima Miss Her...
Hey buddy!
Everything is going really well!
How are you doing?
We need to catch up soon!
OMG the GIRLSTALKINBOUT video is amazing!!!!
I love it!
HAHA looking quite handsome there :
manifested hives not 20 minutes into her workday.
thanks for all the retweets and mentions!
teehee you iz a smart cookie!
;
i beat them all at knock out today!!!
in there faces !
:
no...that beard is turrabule.....did you know they were taking it?
thanks for the props on IOBY during your presentation.
RT : RT If you make a choice that goes against what everyone else thinks, the world will not fall apart  Oprah
Haha thank you My last tweet was botched
Yes!
It's always worth the wait.
Completely off subject, but I think Kai needs a name for his fans.3
Checking now if there's video to share RT : Is there a link to archived footage of your Social Media Week talk?
I've never thought any less of even with the whole marriage thing.
Like she says,  only human...
I don't mean to brag, but my wife was the hottest mom on the Swiss Avenue home tour today.
I was just wondering if we were the only country that celebrated it because even I think it's kind of odd that we do lol
Isn't doctorg all about character?
The hard work is in the development and prepro stages before one line of code is ever laid down.
just cuz I love you.
Less than 2 days and I will really be in the entourage!
I can't wait!!!!
he does have a horrible sense Of humor
RIP Whitney Houston.
My condolences to her friends and family.
If your music isn't where you want it to be...that's just because you haven't called us!
Ok.
I guess you can tell Im not making tracks today.
But im making money!!!
O and anybody who has done bizz with me thank you.
headed to the game, gotta get this crowd loud tonight!!!
Kylie Morgan hitting the stage tonight, come check her music out and grab a nice cool one in honor of this beautiful day.
kids Dallas Zoo Plant Sale at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 9:00a: Support the Zoos horticultural efforts and pick up some great botanical...
Home Depot's sign says they have patio pot for sale.
Hm.
The canned food aisle scares me..
Where's all the boozzzzeee, again?
In opening remarks, Congr.
Lungren emphasized awareness about cyber threats, particularly threats to power  transportation grids.
If you're attacking your market from multiple positions and your competition isn't, you've all the advantage.
What's the name for the still image that's frozen onscreen prior to hitting play on a YouTube video service?
Just ate my lunch like an effing savage.
I'd keep it simple to start, and let readers choose!: View in our online reader, or download the PDF
so true!
I like that!
My 5YO: Dad, I know I used to be all into ATV's and stuff but I'm over that.
Now I'm all about Jet Packs!
Testing cross posting sl socialistr/developers
HA!
Thanks Matt  nice to meet you Gini!
I look forward to picking your brain
It changes everything!
RT ...
I'll be interested to see how new media fits in to your strategy.
you need 1 more!!!
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true.
John Lilly
Had to go to my little sisters rescue this morning glad she's okay
My fouryear old just yelled at me bc I said good morning to him.
Ah, parenthood, a lovely slap in the nads to start the week.
having an anxiety attack in this flvs live lesson shit is pissing me off
I Learned not to question God..
Just accept all his blessings!!..
Thank you baby Jesus!!
OK, keep trying thanks..
RT : I wonder if the Mississippi personhood and Ohio union votes reflect an electoral shift in a more progressive direction.
The anthology my essay is in just got a review in The Atlantic and was a March Staff pick at FlavorWire.
My mom got mad because I called her a bitch.
What a bitch.
Google BYU Learning Suite to find it.
Pretty cool the way they approached the architecture for ed tech there.
Yes mam I tired of being unsatisfied lmao
Throwing in the towel
I've spent so much time reading about wulgus that I forgot that I have to be on a bus to NYC in an hour, whoops
The feeling of finally having money 
3 of my clients have been robbed in the last 2 weeks.
It's sad when you have to rob the mentally/physically handicapped
I didnt have to present today.
Im so cool.
GoodLifeSaturdays tomorrow!!!
I'm indmixxx lets get it!!!
Yo!
on INSTAGRAM!
see you there ;
im not sure
Lmao, today was amazing :'D
I HAVE SCHOOL OF : WOOOOOOOT 3 saw the lucky one today!!!!
3
The U.F.O.
I seen was about 10 ft in height  maybe 15 ft.
wide, it looked like a shiny oval shaped silver pin ball.
Goodnight!
Sleep well when it's time to close those beautiful eyes.
Sweet, sweet doctorams.
:
I like your observation  I think we should talk some about data, archives  important in my ongoing work, e.g.
has arrived in Minneapolis!
Follow us to learn how to become involved, join our networking events and much more.
Stay tuned!
I get weirded out when there's someone who has 36 friends in common with me on Facebook, but I don't really know them.
After you've done all you can...
My day was good in the begining but then it got worst near the end
You're very welcome.
:
happy birthday Zelda!

Finding half a worm.
Teaching the baby to walk is by far the dumbest thing I have done this month!
Dear HopsandChops  where are you people?
Signed, Brazen yet Shy Newbie
hey, how have you been?
How in the world did that stay out
RT : And to think Saints owner Tom Benson at one time wanted to move the Saints to San Antonio and the Alamodome!
lol m we need to chill soon again
Wow, I wish I had been more familiar with the lit on colonial scientific networks before I wrote my MA thesis.
Many thematic commonalities.
Thanks to our new followers!
i'll be going with my dad, sorry!!
Brings Back Memories :, The Came So Far.
Now Your At He VMA's :
The murderer is the ultimate capitalist, obtaining free labor for the production of a corpse.
He writes good story lines he's got those honest eye so take him up for just 9.95 he'll sing the songs you like he'll keep you warm at night
: I want an inflatable Christmas orgy scene for my front lawn.
Sisterhood is baking today for the bazaar!
YUM bourekas....and lunch for workers for only a buck!
Join us!
Just shot 3 videos...editing tonight...Posting video number one tomorrow morning...be on the lookout.
:
where you been at!?!
Got to do some bball sideline for CIF this past weekend...where u been hiding your talents!?
No, you're a sad person bc u don't care that Wall St.
can play whatever games it wants w your retirement .
Someone needs to .GIF that dive
I really appreciate these shoutouts, Antone, Thanks so much.
What can I do to help you?
: I have dancers block.
Yes, may have a trip to DC in late May?
/3noone can look like Austin,but you should get a pic of himtweet me it tomorrow.lol,i have to go to bed now
Nuggets lives.
Got a hole in my hand, had to get 3 stitches.
Suddenly it matters.
I.hate when people do.stuff out of spite
Still Waiting For The Day That When I Go In Claires And See Byrce Again lol
Osso Clothing Read the full story on the blog about Osso Clothing's newest team rider Kayla Beckmann!
thank you!!
And thanks for all your help along the way!
you should prepare yourself for an interesting encounter that might well make your heart beat faster.
I look dumb and like a nerd today..
Love makes us overcome the sense of isolation  separateness, yet it permits us to be ourselves
Branding is essentially the process of building relationships.
It's all about making people associate you with experiences and feelings.
I bet you're naked under all those clothes you slut ;
In the 90s...
when asked what crime id like to commit.
I said Britney Spears!!
: trafficked women r not illegal immigrants or prostitutes They r exploited prostituted,  enslaved end slavery
Saw you purchased some of our DVD training; just wanted to say hello!
Good morning tweople!!
We're only half kidding when we say Grandma is a little crazy.
Time to go to work, Here comes the easter bunny's!
It's Time to go hide some eggs.
For not having kids I'm always involved!
FeelTheLuv 
So what's a good breakfast spot at Grand Central Market?
Brokenheart.
Shattered.
Unmendable.
Pain.
Mistrust.
Lies.
Sneak.
A void that just simply seems nonrefillable.
I don't know what to do...
I'm alarmed
RT Excellence is not an accomplishment.
It is a spirit, a neverending process  Lawrence M Miller
Jus Made It Ta Da House Nerves Bad
Wish we could steal Rocky from the Nuggets and kill off Dinger.
So awesome when I log onto Twitter and something like this is the first thing I see :P
08/19/2011  Willowbrook Mall rewards backtoschool shoppers with mall gift cards on Friday Shoppers taking advantage of Texas s Ta
hahaha just wait i'll teach you guys to speak samoan
got a game tonight wats the weather gonna be
You look SO pretty in your new pic cass!
LOVE the hair:
Also going to the 8pm show.
Watch me put the final nail in the coffin of any potential political career.
ThoughtsDuringSchool hm...
am I ever going to lose weight ?
o boy o boy o boy TeamPat vs TeamGriner!
These ClippersGrizzlies games have been unreal.
What the hell?
Thought we had that one.
Hope we learn that we have to defend that 3, even at 1.......
Go CATs
Nice JLO Nipple shot.
That awkward moment when people think your guy best friend is your boyfriend.
This is why we can't hang out in public.
ha ha!!!
Too funny
He who spares the wicked injures the good.
In short, yes, should she apply, I would hire Cher as a web designer.
Man is a twolegged animal without feathers.
Wow, the Cowboys are going to win despite their own opine and the refs.
If you didn't make it out last night, stop in for gallery DAY today!
Pretty art for your pretty eyes!
You are welcome!
We loved working on this project!
I will be looking at flights today for a trip to see you guys in Cleveland soon!
chill out you doing to much
is spraying her hairspray so he can smell it.
what?
...
actually, need research recs on importance of subjectaccess for regular 'ol digital collections too, not just IRs.
Loving life while I continue to
Found out tonight my 14 year old cousin is just getting into Magic: The Gathering.
That's how old I was, too.
You would!
Lol
If the MLB season was 40 games...the Mets would be awesome....can't wait till sept when all their shitass bandwagon fans jump ship
Okay.
I'm gonna have to bite rn....unless...
YOU FOLLOW
Hunger Games!
Why does Garcia get no love?
He's been just as good as Nova
Lol you living that YOLO lifestyle I see!
OMG!
Having a ball.
I may never come home!
Hope you are well, superstar!
How was BoardwalkEmpire?
Nope its just old people..
DAMMIT.
The Line's female singer was rude, ungrateful tonight..
She didn't listen to Jewel and didn't represent.
He should have been solo
ah good luck even tho it home and why r u mad now?
Ahdhensbejdk.
I'm lost.
:
Fuck My Life.
talk about lurking!
you responded to that tweet in less than 20 seconds!!
:O wink wink
Talk to me directly, nice!
lol same thought I had ...
Feel like I need to give dude a High Elbow and shit ..
And his B wasn't fucked up lol
crazy night.
are all the people in the MIA as crazy as this???
After enjoying french fries for lunch, I wonder what's surprises are on the dinner menu.
hey Letty.
Just sent you an email.
Peep it when you get a chance.
43 think that the reason Tim Tebow is winning due to a devine intervention?
Really?
So 43 think God favors Tebow over all NFL players?
HA!
: How are you sir?I'm great!
How about you?
I took the train w/ the one kid we were with.
1st game tomorrow
Those who aren't happy unless they're working, starting companies may be an easier option than brining the thrill back to their love life.
Okay, I'm done.
We're over.
sure.
What's the link?
:
Getting out  make connects,stay home  stay disconnected the choice is yours
All nonprofessorts can lobby.
It is legal to do so.
lobby attempting to influence legislation.
Getting dominated in every category except for the one that counts...
Need a better 2nd half though...
I work at three so I'm just kickin it til then
Thanks for the follow, Aaron.
is new hair.
Hey, We got a free cookie :D
Just received an email to play the lead actress in a BU graduate film, thanks to my professorle on New England Actor!
I love that name!!
: Name for new bar/eatery coming in Feb.
from Golden Bear owners: Hook  Ladder Manufacturing Co.
Sat, July 9th 1pm5pm Sin City tribute to AC/DC Bon Scott style 5
Freedom is being without attachment to results.
The path you need to follow in order to achieve your goals will create itself.
You just have to take the first step.
We vs physically bow down before God but standing up in pride in our heart...wow
Good advice, thank you.
I think I'm overthinking it.
I hope so too D;
I'm so excited 
M.
Wish my boss brought me one of those.
RT : The best part of my day...boss brought chocolate chip cookie from
Listening to Mary and Holly from awfullibrarybooks.net and seeing some great examples of titles wellworth weeding.
u should play in our game tomorrow!
U could b on my team
Stoked about all the new action movie scripts going around, but I gotta ask: who's gonna be in them?
Statham can only do so many...
I spend so much thought on phrasing my texts exactly right, I should publish them as a book of poetry
doctorams come true for those who work while they doctoram.
I'm chillin watching the news.
Tryna see what's going on in politics
At Richmond Police HQ waiting to see what is going to tweet...
Off to the set of Gossip Girl.
Playing a photographer.
I swear auto correct!
Lol I ment welcome: it c
Two for one hash caps today at ALL Clinic locations!!
Aw k
lol.
Oh god...
just had a horrible though.
Doing make up while texting!!!!
DEATH AND DESTRUCTION!
In two days I have 21 followers, watch out I'm coming for you!
What?!
Thanks for coming to the GPPCMA Phillies game!
Glad you had a great time!
Check out the facebook pics and post more!
lol and the weird thing is that all these other girls r replying bck to it lol
well guys..........right now im heartbroken ttyl
And I mean can we get some boys in here too?
Nice little setup
Interesting conclusion by Jim Downs about reenactment, race, and who gets remembered as war dead.
Hint: not slaves.
I am a board strategist for the University of Chicago.
I manage our CMS and development/communication initiatives.
I am going to see Bully today.
Jonh Tucker Must Die is always going to be one of my favorite movies
Great move from Michalek but you aren't going to score on Hank from there.
OMG I WAS THERE ON A SCHOOL TRIP LAST WEEK!!!
SO AWESOME WHAT AN AMAZING SIGHT IT WASS
What is everyone thinking about the new iPad?
Moss captainres the 170lbs Bad Boy belt by defeating Ross at 1:25 of the 2nd round by TKO.
Brady just so you know your not god your human like everyone else and on sunday we will get passed the line and sack your as a few times !
thank YOU!!
3
hugs to you
FAMILIAR BURGER with BEER KETTLE CHIPS 8.99!!
Indiana bottles 3.75!
I'm wearing white shorts and it's not Memorial Day yet
gosh i love dis kid .
/ morn crew!!
just took a trip down memory lane  the buddhist church was not there..
Romney says he can't remember bullying incident, the kid will never forget.
Thanks Rodney!
So, after seconds of deliberation we've decided that Peyton Manning needs to be a Seahawk.
What the hell, we'll take his buddy Reggie too.
Put your makeup on, fix your hair up pretty.
We just got kicked in the nuts in Kansas City.
McCafe Frappe is the bold, cold way to start your day!
DON'T KNOW  BUT MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET AIRED LAST WEEK  THAT'S WHAT WE NEED  YOUR TWEETS R INSPIRING!
KEEP THEM COMING.
Pretty sure I'm the only person on Ft Lauderdale beach with a corkscrew.
View it full screen
also I'm now a performer at the up here in orlando!!
So, I work for and
thanks for the tweet!
Did Glenn Danzig ever sue Hasbro/Sunbow for using The Misfits as the name of the bad girl band in Jem?
Finally, a question for Delia!
How are we going to compete worldwide if we don't get them ready with high standards?
and time's out.
is an awesome Bass teacher :D
: I don't like you..
And you know who you are I'm sorry :
I really don't wanna go back to school tomorrow.
GET OFF OF TWITTER AND DO YOUR FUCKING HOMEWORK.
sincerely, your life coach lol
im proud of youu.
:
You're right.
I spent 4 months in Norway in the 90s and never felt more American.
5/21  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Joe Rocha
Thanks to our fantastic grant writers, we've received a generous grant from the Institute for Advanced Study to continue events in 201213!
It's picture day!
Put on your favorite lipgloss and smile for the camera.
I'm adding photos to your professorles this weekend.
getting ready for the Q Portland Gathering Next Week.
Hooray!
if he really cared, he would text me back when he was with his best bro.
smfh!!
I'll be over soon then bear 3
you're a liar and you're wasting my time.
why u putting my ish out there like that
Hey everybody with the last name Hansen, we are RELATED!!
I try to use EMs as much as I can, going forward.
But I've been a PX addict for years.
Old habits shoot yourself in the foot.
got it!!
So 10am sat?
Did you get my text??
Xie Xie Yao Ming.
Love this blog post from
Making food for tomorrows game with my favorites and co.
Bound to get rowdy.
All new Austin and Ally tonight at 7!!!!
SO excited can't wait.
Just saw the twilight breaking dawn movie with my father.
I was good.
You want the best dinner in Indy?
St.
Elmo's...you want the best lunch?
Harry and Izzy's.
Amazing food.
Never met a woman that likes to talk as much shit as my nieghbor.
Honestly if she keeps talking shit about my family I'm egging her house.
Open For Lunch Everyday at 11am!
Thanks for the RT bro.
How's business?
You killing it?
I LOOOOOOVEE YOU :
I kno and better hurry the hell up
Lunchtime at Rebeccas!
I know it's everybody's sin You got to lose to know how to winAerosmith, doctoram On
I WOULD LOVE TO BE APART OF THIS FILM :
: excited is gonna be my hot date to the Shlemiel the First opening : I'll bring the manischewitz!!
doctoram Big or go home.
UUUGGGHHH the 26th can't get here soon enough!!!
I need a break!
guys go to the front page of www.purevolume.com and click on us to listen to our brand new single!!!
Love your stuff look at mine www.kidshardwarekompany.com
A Tribe Called Quest just popped on, diggin the randomnessClassic on now.
God is great!
Praise him in all that you do!
5 minutes until Hoppy Hour kicks off , join folks from Sierra Nevada for some doctorfts  schwag 57PM
Id love too
Get me off of this plane!
Chatty Cathy won't shut up and it smells like a fart in here.
Nothing's perfect I suppose, hopefully they get it straightened out.
I've got no other complaints ;
Phil Bender: One of the only times each year sorostitutes find it openly acceptable to doctornk while wearing letters.
hanging out with my best friend and her boyfriend?
My priorities are probably out of whack if I'm concerned that work email is down at 7:45 pm.
Where's the wine?
Philly has infrastructure to support DH.
How do we reorient missions of those institutions to help small orgs?
You're welcome, I hope the weather improves.
Nice article in the by the way...
Good morning!!!!!
Tweet your questions for our interview to !
NOW!
Create app on Facebook to encourage engagement on your timeline.
can't wait for Friday!!
on Showbiz Tonight RIGHT NOW!
WATCH.
Alfredo is with Justin now.
Aw shit.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the work you are trying to doctorw on doctorwSomething is momjeans
Reading an article in American Archivist related to digital preservation and the cited URL I need is dead.
Um.
WESTwild wild WEST coast EAST Concrete jungle where doctorams are made, oh!
;D
The walking dead
20ThingsAboutMe i want to become a Psychologist
From now on will be known as the
After a couple of weeks of writing largely automation scripts getting back into TDD is hard.
How do I run my tests again?
text me!
g fuck them boots if you can get a car just get that shit and wait for it
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MY ladies followin me !
hope you all have a wonderful day.
Spencer, how did you help your teammates?
As a conservative, I consciously didn't.
I earned these points.
I urge Jrue to bootstrap it.
Okay, guy...
You can stay...Kinda...
I worry about you.
But you can stay
Weird.
I almost never see people I know around town.
:
How is everyones Sunday?
1st Table Read tomorrow for the SAG Pilot ATLANTIC  PACIFIC in Brooklyn at 1PM  then to Vinny Vella's Holiday Party in Midtown at 7PM!
Pray and fast with me that a ChicfilA will open in Minneapolis within the next hour.
we got 9 scores recorded for you
mister King
Whoever the girl is that Austin always tweets about, if she doesn't like him back, she has some issues.
TAYLOR ISSUES.
See what I did there.
Go Gourmet this October 910 at the Gourmet Experience!
Its your one stop shop to everything gourmet.
If the Packers don't doctorft a WR, does that give a better shot at remaining in Green Bay for another season?
yes, floyd may be for gay marriage but he's still a girlfriend beater.
Ask him how he's spending his summer in jail...
Hangin w P.O.D.
I remember as kid getting a free candy bar at the grocery store if your ticket stub had the winning sausage on it.
Restaurant Week starts tomorrow!
We're excited to have you come by and enjoy the menu we've put together for you!
u amazing love i
1st recruited by Alexander and now Faulkner, Thomas has been hearing for the Badgers forever.
Has good size and strength to be an OL
Who's ur team
I agree 3 I'll look up times!
What time do you get off work?
Ever been in a chokehold?
np Lost ones ; J.cole
Feeling all Wordsworthian and pastoral doctorving through rural Illinois.
Although the wind turbines might baffle the dear poet.
GoodLuckEleanor!
you'll be fine lovely :
I'm starving.
Haven't eatin' all day because my medicain won't let me.
It just wore off and my tummy is rumbling.
Lol.
woops, we AREN'T hosting the Oct.
4th event.
But we will host an event in the near future.
Effing Salt Lake City.
suck my butthole ya dumb slut
follow this girl  belieberhelpbelieber right?
:
Happy Birthday mister Dickens!
: Happy mothers Day great moms out there!!!!!!
But Dev, problem is all the great moms dont know they are great!
Still in the top 5 all time weddings buddy dannysquared goodpeoplemakegreatweddings!
Thanks to everyone for the shoutout!
You guys rock, and I love catching up on the DC blogosphere
Today at the mall some small girl walked in the store with a H U G E ass, and Lana goes: Becky, look at her butt!
..omg I died.
how old will you be turning ?
:
I didnt know
on sum real sht racism is one of my many motivations so shoutouts to all the racist people for giving me a reason na phis yall of even more
We hope to see you ALL!
Tonight at Shark City!
Until then here's some music to groove to!
oh nice!
Lovely thing to do on a friday!
: have fun!
I am so sore from last nights game.
Barely made it down the stairs this morning.
Happens when I hit triples and have to run hard.
That was not a blocking foul.
That was clearly a charge.
I'm starting to suspect the refs want to play a part in deciding the game.
thank you :.
Love your staff too
Damn..I got my hours cut today.
Now what to do??
Family Sunday's this week, featuring clay play, treasure hunt and part 2 of El Alma de Mexico film series.
124.
Special admssion rates.
Trying to race home before this storm hits
What was tonight about at the taping?
lol daves gone be chalked for a week.
Next book to buy:Like Trees Walking by based on the sad story of the K lynching of a young black guy in 1981/Thanks!
I always thought that I had the winning side of the break up unfortunately i don't.
Two days of work, then headed north!!
RT : 3 Days.
It always happens.
As soon as I think I am gonna be happy with someone, something always happens..
then get you're arse here.
I don't bust back cuz I shoot first in my wizzy voice
Is there anything better than infomercials?
I can't think of anything...
I partied!!!
right!!!
it would be too fun with And here too!!!!
Stuck in the school bathroom
ATTN: Just learned The Loft has been shut down.
Stay tuned for details of relocated showcases by SXSW Plz RT
When isn't Ellie being sassy?
:
So I just had a dance lesson with a cockroach, I taught him a little something I like to call the squish
Just got done watchin the avengers bad ass movie
im go always b that
RT : RT : Listen up!
I'm playing an hour of forgotten, scratchy 45 RPM records today from 121pm on...
Older sisters  born to troll
I'll be the official DJ RT : He needs to be in the back controlling all the strippers.
Newt...anything you'd like to say today?
Just wondering.
Valentines day tomorrow!
Soap and Spa Essentials 203 Wellesley doctorSE STE B 505268SOAP The new Candles are done and ready to go.
So my mom definetly indirectly agreed for me to wear Lolita to senior prom
Any movies you're looking forward to seeing soon?
HungerGames?
21JumpStreet?
shooting guns  wine tasting!
What do you think of it all?
Big bully still alive?
We are down this weekend
Today a coworker got kind of ticked that I was holding open the door for her.
It was a WEIRD negative vibe.
sick of this swamp ass weather
TwSIG students are teamed with organizations in the community.
Things are team based in the learning and field based Each stdent has client
Today I heard Norm Dicks will retire.
I'm sad I'll miss the ENormUS and No Dicks signs, but I'm sadder I just thought of Nom Dicks.
LMAO i know and i said it soo serious
Congrats on your shoot!
I am an aspergers savant, it has no capacity to remove ones gift.
It does however make life more livable for childoctorn /parents
I was thinking to do an Ariana Grande fan site or a Demi Lovato one...
which should i do?
quotes The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion.
No one remembers anything else.
I'm all for raising taxes on the rich, just as long as nobody considers me rich.
Hey can I get a Roll Tide for tonight's championship game?!
lol for real though, yall are in my prayers.
Thank you Tess!
Ah, the joys of being captainin Underpants.
Go to bed early, rise, play a few songs and stay up all night playing in random spots around town.
I like to think of this...
If it wasnt for me, would only have 399,999 followers ;
Shepherd's Pie
trend it guys!
so...you hurt yourself not by falling, but by continuous running?
Bo!
I think they're down for Thanksgiving, but not sure.
Monday is a Regent's meeting, so expect a something then.
At the park tryna avoid all the line beards with their pitbulls!
Goin back to the east end.
Awww thanks so much!!
: No they decided not to do a season 2 :
Please forgive me for asking, as I feel ignorant.
Where did this happen?
I haven't heard of weather this strong.
Homecoming hells yea can't wait to have fun!!
Im glad im a Freshmen and not a middle schooler anymore i can finally have my FREEDOM!!!!!!!
oh goodness333333 i think i just died ..
I'm so over school.
Where is summer?
Ginger...did you use a filter on that?
Because if you did, that's 10 demerit points.
Home now...about To hit this shower..still thinking about a lot in my life...
how gay small town cops sure know how to ruin a good weekend...
Wishing her a happy recovery these next 4 weeks!
Happy Monday!
It's super entertaining and completely pointless, haha.
I been eating cereal allday Imma turn into a Reese's puff
Son is home from University, others are home from work and we have declared it time for a quick nap.
Bliss.
:
Ah.
Everyone Bloody Mary Tweet
: What happened to the Christmas tree in with all the wind?
Check later today to find out.
That sad moment when you realize your not as important to someone as they are to you
You can't make your heart feel something it won't
Made a whole new business page with all updates on what's going on!
Follow it!!
page now my personal page!!
Janice thanks so much for all your retweets it means alot and im honored to have you as a friend
she's black and has color contacts
thanks we were going to leave for duck creek in a few minutes.
Will wait for traffic to clear now.
Hey Ray, thanks for the RT, we always appreciate the support.
Stay Safe!
Thanks, rain for cleaning off my windshield!
School is so worthless!!!8 hours of your day put to waste!!!
I could be curing cancer or saving the world from a meteorite in those 8 hours.
Plain girls should have someone telling them they are beautiful
one of my neighbors put out an armchair for the trash...
i really want to refinish/reupholster it...
I just used the word doctorvel in a sentence, possibly for the first time.
What makes your mom the best?
even better!
i have yet to go there /
We are all out today!
Thanks for showing us some cupcake love!
Great to hear, thanks for sharing!
RT This makes me smile when I fly back to SD late and don't want to take a cab.
315,716 properties last month filed foreclosure:RealtyTrac.
These filings include default, auctions and bank repos.
Up 15 Annually.
I am filled with hate because most guys shirts are athletic cut and I am not
Hey iPhone there is a word called so.
EACH ONE TEACH ONE!!!!
thanks for that love blessings to you at the fam
Multiple perm spots in Delaware for Java Developers.
Looking for a challenge?
Just finished a guest blog, tweaked a script for another project, gave notes on someone else's script  I'm still playing w my own script!
What is real is what never changes.
Bring Back Ringer 16

thanks for the follow.
Here's a deal for u: Like us on Facebook to reveal a promo code for 10 OFF
That series finale was really good!
I wish it was only a season finale.
I'm gettin , What's a Stack oO ???
Let me Show you how a Real Nigga Throw These Racks!!!
OMG!
Preach it girl!
: so so so in love...
with my new liberte blush!
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts.
This is the secret of success.
ur intvw today on regarding a genius title to JZ was interesting but why overlook his nword abuse?
Enjoyed learning about an innovative potential nominee at IN Venture Club.
Nominations open Monday, May 14th.
YOU SUCK!
Self medicating with 500 mLs of Root Beer.
Snoopy thought it was a good idea.
oh nice!!
We are from Minneapolis so we will definitely be setting up a show there soon once we release our new album!!
;
The use of ink refill kits saves you up to 80 in printing costs
Volunteer work is a resume builder.
How bout volunteering down the road  the Pabst Mansion?
Contact Joshua Fundell 414.931.0808 ext.111
Love my Southern country folks!
Did you let them look through the ward menu and then dispense some digits?
Brrr, warm up with a pot of Golden Assam with a bowl of Asparagus Rice soup and a Grilled Fontina, Mushroom  Arugula Sandwich.

how am i popular But you disregarded the sup part smh
I wanna go back to bed.
Now
In fact the abortion rate is higher in countries where it is illegal.
I follow a lot of boxingheads and many of u tweeted support for Obama for his stance, where's the Pacquiao outrage??
Yeah, that or we search for bunny doctorppings.
who stole my fuckin skits?
Life is about enjoying yourself!
Rock on Simon!
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Lentil.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
done!
A word is headed your way
He should come to Holland!!
New Mexico's horseracing industry, condemned as the most unsafe in the U.S., has accepted a proposal for reformmore oversight, penalties.
Why is it hard to believe that it's cheaper to shop elsewhere?
i probably missed 10 questions on staar even though i think i did awesome :/
dam i miss all my pets i miss my,rabbits,birds,fishes,lizard,turtless,Horses!
What time does it start?
It's my bday Friday night...
heading to dinner at Nobu but would love to see you and Syb...
Predictable but Jericho and Punk are gonna tear the house down at Wrestlemania
2 nasty lights.
Lol, well I'm waiting;
please please PLEASE follow me I luv u guys voice they r soo pretty!
:
Thank you  for a great workshop today!!!
Alright.
Time to think about finals.
feet are so sweaty, hope i dont slip P ahaha KimBeezy
Eagles vs Cowboys thanksgiving day!!!
Hear anything?
They were right on target.
Social networks are the media echo chambers of the future.
The future is now.
Run, coffee, laundoctor, dishes, cooking, taxes, more cooking, more dishes.
Sunday, I have conquered you!
I think it's beer o'clock now.
:
the zero moment of truth!
RT : The avg consumer goes to 10.4 different sources before making a purchase bsocial12
One more out for the Highlanders!
Hi Serena, I'm late on the scene on following my favorite athletes.
Just want to let you know you're one of them!
hey followed
Oh my....just watched Josh Hamilton hammer another one.
Four home runs in one night.
Bravo, sir
Celts looking slow, old and lifeless.
Lets wake up Celts
Why does it always seem to rain when I go to a concert?
I do not appreciate this.
Oh my god I'm tired....
Still haven't figured out how to factor in sleep or food this quarter...Hm.
and we just need the WWI, WWII, and cold war notes right?
I never doubted them for a minute!
speaking of 1968...in that yr right where we talked I saw Jimi Hendoctorx at the Mpls Auditorium!
I'M in love with Justin BIEBER song boyfriend !!!!!!!
Omg !!
Spicy peanut noodles with chicken and bok choy.
Is it dinnertime yet?
At All State Chorus!!
Couldn't be more pumped!
'bunjamin' a.k.a 'marty' a.k.a.
bunbun looks depressed
Picture this...me and the old man cruising down the interstate in Milwaukee, windows down, singing Girls just want to have fun!
youknowitshot when you get out the shower  you feel no breeze!
Looking forward to the Chicago Fashion Foundation event tonight!
Looking forward to watching  my almamater VCU beat doctorxel!!!
chances are we can get them to you the same or next day.
Moving soon?
Cc
It's that time of the week again, isn't it?
fukn killing right now....buck nasty!
When I first followed, I thought he was Tipping Point : RT : how did it take me this long to find Tom on Twitter?
My mom and I are at the Antiques Roadshow in Atl!!
How awesome are we!?
Maybe were better of this way
Thankgod tomorrow is friday but still have to go to sleep for school
A comment  enduced by a couple of newpaper stories today: It is our insistance on highlighting our differences that will destroy us.
Sweet Genius: Local pastry chef to be contestant on Food Network pastry show
LGBT friends: Please don't vote for Republicans.
They want to marginalize  discriminate against you.
Dem's haven't done enough but Rs?
No.
oh...
Very nice!
I love well behaved puppies!
Are you getting a pool?
There is always that one person that pisses you off no matter what they say or do.
I hate twofaced people it's so hard to decide which side to slap first.
Friday Night Magic Going Strong!
Teachers have told us that they need better technology tools to individualize education, says
My bad, boathouse allstars in Des Moines, IA!
haha she's crazy as always, but she's good.
Lol
Feeling extra good about today
when i open a pack of bread i skip the first slice because its ugly.
okay, looks like Lou did speak up a while ago.
I'm still confused.
alright, I guess I better just do some work and not worry ...
thanks for the S/O!
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean I don't think about you?
Is is more difficult to teach online?
Yes, at first, but it will benefit your students
Holy crap, they announce the winners from the contest tomorrow.
3 Oh dear God please let me win.
Are you still without electricity due to the wind?
Distressed guest rates from 49 at Clarion Hotel8231300
Need me to bust some skulls?
cracks knuckles
Hm what am I goin to wear to that wetdoctorams pool party
Straight off the Boat.
She get it straight off the plate.
Appetite disappeared.
But It ate off her face.
Thankyou for the follow.
Iam also following!
McDowell Mountain Regional Park , tomorrow
Come on Bearcats .
Buckeyes suck
Done With The Tbt's , Like For Ayye Sign Only Doing Some Doe :D
Honesty is overrated...
that's in the bible....
old testament!
Bottom line nuggets can't finish off a defensive possession...11 o boards this Q!
I have nasty rumors going around about me , but when I click the link nothing shows up .
Way to make me think less of myself /:
is the only mf I'm in thee mood to talk to rii now .
RT : What a great surprise getting a call from President Clinton congratulating me on the amp; talking about the
Hi!
I wanted to let you know about , a chicagobased service that gives 5 donations to charities on every purchase!
I'm having trouble finding the words to describe exactly how awesome and uplifting it is when good friends come through when you need it
At an open mic watching a guy yell incoherent slam poetry over a Daniel Johnston song.
I have hit rock bottom.
Had a fun weekend of moving rocks.
Now I am really glad to be back in front of the computer.
Oh, it's apparently northeastern Baltimore County.
Never mind then, I take it all back.
At I 3 Vinyl...Geology Killing it right now..Southern Freeze..
Yes please!!
learning programming: ultimate catch 22...
you can't do shit until you have done shit
Going to Moscow, Ohio tomorrow morning to help Tornado vitims..tweet back if u want to join me
the bay music 3
This whole bus ride my face 
Thanks for the RT, Mark.
I know way deep deep deep dee down inside your heart you still love me .
I bet rain makes you
Thank you, God fogive me.
tropicalmelody monday is today grab your free doctornk with any large meal today
Made it to work, and made it back home.
Makeshift skipole?
Totally necessary.
TSDemoDay is starting.........now
Its Official, GraphicLab will be at WonderCon in Anaheim March 1618.
RT : Social gaming is a huge investment for a brand but you will see the rewards.
Nice time in Arizona,onto the airport
I'm down man.
You trying to make a trip for the Olympics?
Just got back from the Lake Had a blast but i sure am burnt!!!
Not the current players fault, but mister Paterno needs to be fired immediately.
dang amazing!
thank you for helping!
We're giving the first 50 survey takers a free gift.
When they're ready, I'll give you the details.
Trying to help 3 of your friends skip class 
okay I need lipstick or earmark for bingo!
good morning big booty judy
aww so do you guys, literally.
you rock n roll.
excuse my lame attempt at humor.XD i'm pretty excited b.c im up to 411,89 to go!
I'm listening to CelineDion in the McDonalds parking lot.
Ugh, and another one gone.
RIP Donna Summer.
First got to know you as Aunt Luna from Altuna on Family Matters then discovered your amazing
Burning something sounds like a lot of fun right now...
K...
gettin a lil choked up here
Looks like FB closed up 0.23.
Not a positive showing on a number of counts.
Those pitches are perfect.
Should tee off...
Just watched Extreme Makeover: Home Edition w/ the Byers family  was completely ballin my eyes out R.I.P Boey Byers
Akfhejvjsbdivhwgcjbsgshch.
I'm so excited I can't speak right!
Crash County plays tonight at 9:30, this is Scott Dangerfield's band Come in and show him some love!!
you mad?!
nowplaying The Box.
What the hell kind of accents do they have?
Had anyone involved in this movie actually been to Virginia?
FreshmanYearTaughtMe your gonna keep friends and lose some.
It taught me who was real and fake.
You were right.
I want this guy!
More productive when the office is empty dontcha think?
Gudmorning time ta do my thang

For sure, talk soon.
ucda Terry is up!
I was in Verona at badger prairie park today doing a cyclocross race on frozen grass.
Good times.
Them muphukaz on Soul train back n the days dance like they havin a crack party
anyone know a good doctorver in Beijing by chance?
DM me!
Every step I'm taking, every move I make feels lost with no direction
To get a lot of followers, follow whoever follows YOU.
If you see a cool tweet from someone retweet it.
And tweet cool things!
its ok lol
In great talk about component based games with
Street team models wanted for Houston this weekend 
why not on PearTunes?
Excited to be moderating today's AppNation, Follow The Money, panel.
We've prepared for a great session.
See you there.
I'd also look at outreach by
Charlotte tweeps: Tweetup  Tavern on the Tracks for Caps/Pens game at 1pm tomorrow?
DM or  me.
First thing I want is food, shit I might just go back to sleep
haha right?!
well death proof is playing after planet terror, looks like the tv is staying on all day!
Great move by Al Harrington.
House is smelling god.
Only four of us but enough food for a baker's dozen.
I've kissed Ryan more than I've kissed you...
Two more days before 's album UNBROKEN comes out....
Please hurry up and get here, Tuesday.
you playing in it?
nice.
Go meet Hanan Sabri.
You'll be happy you did
Come by this weekend!
We suggest our weekend brunch
re: spare tire.
Hang in there.
neurodigitour Newport News, Virginia
S/o to your music keeps me goin everyday
hahahahahahaha busy with what dude??
What is there to do in nowhere wasteland kansas lol jk
RE: Fort Fringe Tent.
In the words of Dave Attell, you shoulda hung out, man...
Money Ball, my second her first.
Omg Ari.
Lol.
I love you.
yayyy : I'm going there for sure so just let me know!
Feb debut that will probably raise a lot of eyebrows/interest: THE EVOLUTION OF BRUNO LITTLEMORE by Benjamin Hale
So, now that we've narrowed down the possible list of suspects....
jealous much
I'm at Jay Z  Eminem Concert at Yankee Stadium w/
Don't send another generic greeting card to your loved one in prison.
Go on facebook and like us please....
Tragic Culture loves you.
is for realz?
HappyBirthdayAnthony Hope u have an AMAZING day!!!
LotsOf3
okay 3 : why you on lockdownn !?
Kendall Is Our Cover Boy :'
holy smokes jesus this big moon's been having its way with me for a week already and there are still 3 days until full perigee
Ha!
MT My brother met Marshawn at the Elephant Bar in Emeryville, and said he was super chill.
The 90s alt station is awesome until they play Jane's Addiction and your dogs won't stop barking at the music dogs.
have one for me ;
I got a shit load of homework to do.
Finna lock it down...
I'm catching up on your Studio posts.
Enchanting :
just watched just to see !!!
LOVE HIM : His voice is amazing and he is such an inspiration to everyone!
you suck:o
Classic!
: NW Dick Tracy circa 1990 w/ Madonna, al Pacino  warren Beaty  y'all just don't know about this
D3 Document Review Alert!
Seeking multiple reviewers to begin project next week.
Look forward to hearing from my extended linkedin family.
They say never say never but, fuck it never mind.
I think I have allergies in my left eye.
The right is fine, but the left has the bubonic plague  chicken pox.
Decluttering  organizing my brother's house.
Sure could use
Bullshit call...he kicked it in
ew.
Do u think you're Twitter famous?
Extra!
Extra!
Chocolate Bread Pudding on Special in Little Italy tonight!
I want your hair.
your shoes.
your closet :
Be faithful with a little.
Congrats  welcome to our newest initiates !
RT : 11 new lifetime member for :D
oh so i guess i jus wasnt invited huh??
Dont let my quietness fool you....
Lol, everyone who met Ed got a super good photo with him, but in mine, I look like a major derp!
Good Morning everyone!
Are we ready for the week ahead?
Beautiful goal by Dempsy
FYI 5K registration begins tomorrow at 8am in WickerPark You will get your bib numbers and tshirts then.
The race will begin promptly at 9.
That's neat!
All there stuff is so cute!
:D I'm totally going to be looking through there whole site.
Thanks so much again!
Binary progress bars probably aren't the best UI choice
I love when a guy is just as much of smart butt as I am lol.
Bus stop concert this morning
just woke up....foot in face.
lovely.
and in the cookie to bind them?...
Top Chef reunion.
Elia, lesson 1: watch what you say in public and to whom.
Its December!
Are you ready for holiday gift giving?
hahaha true story.
I have yet to figure out why I watch every season.
I am a sucker for trashy reality tv though..
TSA pats down toddler in wheelchair and swabs for explosives in latest bid to stop Al Kiddo, disabled child terror network.
Praise iCarly!
omg I just had an incident with a wasp......
I freaked out but thought of and her bee with at yesterdays shoot ; 
Humor Flash: Yankee Stadium bans Apple iPad after players confess to buying performance enhancing apps
R.I.P Gary Carter...your legacy will live on!
Reviewing Modernism and the Women's Popular Romance in Britain, 18851925.
Fun!
Friends are so hard to come by.
Christians stop holding on to a bible that was inspired by god and written by man by putting his views into words it's sad I wonder
Thank You J.K.
Rowling for getting young people excited about reading!
yo, love the shaved head FTW
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
So many bobbles and nobody even gave thought to Paulie turning that corner hard
Missing my community tonight.
Shall attempt to doctorwn sorrows in massive steak and potato dinner.
be nice to them!!
They adore you!!
Haha
This is a great listI'm interested to know more of your favorites, esp early career poets, for my own reading list!
i dont know what i did with my ring and i feel distraught.
Ha MT : Friend: What r u wearing to Nats game tonight?
Me: Probably a hoodie.
Friend: Be careful, the Nats have TWO Zimmermans!
do you know what it's like to loose yourself, to be locked on target for hours only to look up without sleep and see that another day begins
my dad told me they were just shoes lol
I still have weekend spots available for you to book for your fall family photos.
Sunday and Monday spots only.
i've got take charge indy to win derby!
it is a beautiful horse!
Crazy thunder and lightning on the Isthmus right now.
Mad props to ComedyUnion for hosting KimColes bday celebration on 12212.
She's back!
Good Morning...Coffee is hot and my day starts early!!
Good Morning Vickyvette!!
Wow are u leaving England already!
x
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?
WEEKEND RIDDLES
aw lame sauce.
i have done that quite a few times lately.
Yes, excited to be twirled around to celebrate my birth.
haha
Went to TacoBell thought I was Hungry.
NOPE.
Know im stuck with this Bag of Tacos!
Private platforms are best for classroom use.
Solves privacy problem.
Fun Family Sunday!
Check out the von Grey family folk show tonight at The Hillman.
Show is at 6:30 tickets only 610!
If this is your idea of a proposal, Finchie..Im over you now.
Stifflers Mom
Congrats Brenda..
I am so happy for you.
You add smiles to others So your blessed with a smile today..
Life is a combination of magic and pasta.
Federico Fellini Italian wisdom
...I hear that there's a love bug going around, well I'm stayin out the way, cus I ain't tryna catch it...
ha oh that suckss I watched half of it through my camera  were you at the middle of the stage or??
me bro
I went ghost on you twitter .
When they come from over the mountain...
better off watching the cubs.
2nd best winning  in the NL since april 21st
do you have a locals offers website?
hahah  long day man, I'm sorry, I replied to the wrong tweet.
haha, sorry dude.
I BEVE IN ELI!
Finally, some good snow in NY!
RT prez : I want to be a verb, not a noun, so I can go from Vision to Action  Wu Qing
im probably going to fail this bio test tomorrow!
You are not what people think you are, you are what GOD says you are.
Wandered into the wrong yoga classGentle Yoga Stretch.
I was the only nonsenior citizen.
Come watch the season opener tonight at Choppers!
50 HD TV's and the most Colorado beers in the state
holy shit i went in
fam when u in Hawaii its supposed to be a lax time.
Her moms was always tryin to plan shit and her...
star trek theme space.
the final frontier.
these are the voyages of the united arab emirates
lmfaoo show please show up!
I NEED to get out of this town.
Glad to hear!
Do you have a favorite car that you saw?
I'm nervous about something but I don't know about what
mom:wake up me:later mom:  WAKE UP FOLLOWED YOU then I was running like an idiot and she was like JK go get ready
Thanks for the shoutout , but I would never presume to surpass the EverVictorious, IronWilled Commander
Crazy what you can learn from a book...
I used to think only life can teach you life...
Not always
After that  to the stars.
Loved the Archimedes exhibition.
Well done!
: tell G leche needs him to finish job this weekned!
whats good!got u!!!!
Damn brewers errors costing them bigtime tonight.....
Happy Birthday Anthony, I love you amazing friend:we've known each other since we were youngsters, now we're old farts!lol
spatial  time, geography, news varies by population is relevant for Florida!
Cool!
Thanks for the RT of the video of ZOMM!
How are you doing?
Tonyy!
I made another personal account instead of using follow me.
:p its sarah btw, lol
: You don't like flocka I don't give a MUTHA FUCK !I just don't like that he can't keep his word
I need to be better about taking pictures.
I love pictures and i need new ones for my house
Cool!
Congrats!
I'm glad u won ur copy!
:
That's awesome!
The bad news is I'll go to you now for my SM expertise and not :
RT : Food Truck Thursdays back today at the Milw.
County Courthouse.
112, off Wells St.
more.
thats so true thats why i love summer, get to be outside :
lol not yet bro in time u will gotta make sure I'm able to take care of her before I marry her.
It seems the grass is always greener.
This sexii mufffa beside me though 
Follow me' trying to get 200 followers By MONDAY!!!
Please follow I follow back.
Another slow day at work...
Why don't more people buy ice cream in the winter?
It's crazy how slow we are today!
where is it available?
iTunes?
Jay what's good up in Long Island tonight?
Could see you hitting a Baldwin scene
want to make a new song
I miss you too Steph : you never text me!
OUCH!
I've spent over 500 on prescriptions since January  that's WITH Insurance.
Lost job 2007  retired 2008 On Medicare 2011
I went to a little Italian deli in long beach yesterday and thought of u.
It was so good!
They have everything!
Say happy birthday to her then!
Enjoy!
The way you look, the way you laugh, the way you love with all you have
None but ourselves can free our mind from mental slavery.
Dont dwell in the past or fret about the future, turn your attention to the present moment.
I saw the saddest thing....
A woman beating a baby...No older than 1 years old...The baby trys to crawl to get away...She kicks him and
I'm off to attend Altrusa International's District Three Conference.
What a great way to end National Volunteer Week!
Cotto bout to go down
I need this plate cover.
that you yelling my name?
Mondays just aren't the same without football!
Is it too much to ask for craft beer in Philly Airpt.'s international terminal?
There are TWO wine bars.
The Giants never win on their own doing.
They should all give Wes Welker a big hug because he won the game for them.
Pyrographis is a leather burning.
My professorle photo is my first Municipal Arts Grant in Kansas City.
It was snowing when brought mural out...
probably not a smart choice....you might learn what your doing is wrong....
What ?
End of world tomorrow?
WTH!!
we hear ESPN and others will come by and try.
Hoping 49ers get here.
Vernon Davis is big into curling.
Have a great Tuesday!
The artists who created Tupac's hologram are now experimenting with Hendoctorx, Cobain, Elvis and Michael Jackson...
Craziness
we love you!
Insanity time:D
Just used for the first time!
We don't go anywhere.
Going somewhere is for squares.
We just go!
Campus recess on the field!
Go check it out 
Couple gone already but still more discounts available for custom surfboards...www.foamily.com
Hi, thnx for the mention Oregon is amazing, pissing of rain right now, see your weather is alot better.
Loved Yorkshire when I was there.
American Idol is so good!
I don't know who to choose!
I haven't posted a ff in a while, but these folks are so supportive Definitely worth following!
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe then you will be successful.
Sorry to hear that, Sam.
Sending you healing thoughts.
20 minutes of Street Fighter x Tekken with my daughter is humiliating, although it does elevate my heart rate.
What's the science
np ASAP Rocky
Niggas always gotta hate
Tryna Get Shanie To Come Get Me From School
Me and have been texting for like an hour now and she hasn't relized it's my birthday yet.
;
On my way to my first track race!
Sometimes all I can do is laugh to keep myself from Crying!
whenitwascoolto ride scooters lmfaooo, good times!
Sometimes men need their mantime.
You'll be okay.
Just a little more than an hour until our Let's GAP together party!!!
We can't wait to see everyone face and shop the night away!
Hey everyone im Irina Lisca i have my own youtube page plz subscribe at IronicPenguinZ thx
ELI'S BACK YESESESESYESYES.
wow, sweater AND a sweater vest!
Jackpot!
New media earns permanent gallery at Newseum in DC
Steven A well said!
Leadership: the process by which one individual influences others to accomplish desired goals.
Leadership discussion at
aye guess what
Tired pissed off dont feel good...
sorry
houston Blogging explained Here is a parable about two business people who ran two very similar businesses, yet one was a success
i fool for no reason but its always on fridays !
didn't know you were still alive sir!
deleted your facebook again I see!
I love my
O's Win in 13innings defeating the dead sox 64!
Let's go o's!
WWE12 what about the smoking skull belt or the rocks belt?
Went to a private screening for it!
we all enjoyed it!
You did a great job dahling!
it did!; merci!
Home from school today sick today
Try to imagine all of history and all that will happen, happening in one.
Single.
Moment.
All at the same time.
I'm scared of my new job.
three Behind the Scenes Disney documentaries later....
I saw you!
i'm usually in DC all day Tue and Thu, we'll stop in if we can.
keep sharing those pics, it'll doctorw us in soon!
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
William Shakespeare
Your just the best thing ever!!
My kids r playing school while I finish up work 4 the day.
I love it that they r currently on a field trip 2a Museum w/their pretend school!
Cut down that which is most beautiful  Our one and only objective
Don't they walk Lucroy then to face Aoki instead?
Still probably a better chance then Zach though.
Buy a beer :
nobody shuld b able 2 destroy ur peace of mind unless u allow them 2...
After a dentist appt I went to the Pronto corner store which is full of candy  sweets.
My teeth ached.
That RoryMcDonald Kid is a Stud!!
This Kid Has Future World Champ written All over Him!
This Kids Potential is Unlimited.
Just did all my laundoctor.
I have six unmatched socks.
SIX.
How is that even mathematically possible?
huh....then tell her ass to get it fixed DUH
once the redsox get a manager, who are target free agents for the hotstoveseason?
Never stop doctoraming, there's nothing wrong with wanting something more.
So far I have 4 black and 5 red!
Anyone else wanna vote?
my theory for how shane and the guy they held captainve became walkers was when shane cut his hand open on the bus he got walker blood in his.
Great talk last nite at ONA Thanks!
If there were a York Peppermint Patty diet, I'd go on it.
Police search Minneapolis fire station find doctorgs inside.
3 people including a firefighter arrested.
KSTPTV at 5pm.
somewhat.
I'm working to get up some videos about them later next week
Thanks to winemaker John Bojanowski and for a great night of food and Clos du Gravillas wines!
My life will be back to normal after the weekend.
you obviously didn't see my rts of ;p
Bright and early on a sat morning in vegas.
Its a great day for some
Landing in Vegas just in time to miss the Pacquiao fight.
Uncool
I love him live.
He truly is an entertainer.
Getting ready to head out play You SIng in My Soul with singer songwriter Eric Wefald today in Lowell, MA at 1pm.
haha!
Congrats!
Definitely more of a commitment than a typical startup but also more upside!
Today I am, yes  came all the way from DC to visit people and no one is here!
Watched this weeks live 30 rock last night  I liked that they did a west coast live version too rather than the regular
Sorry I was a bitch to you, I just want things to be good...not bad??
An older woman asked me why I died my hair blue earlier today, because she wanted to know if I had lost a bet.
shsconfessions I hate almost everybody in the Freshmen class.
The only thing bigger than Clark is my support for Austin.
Sometimes I sit Indian style on the commode
Two days of school in front of me, and then a 5 day weekend..
I think i can handle it.:
What it do y'all be blessed...
Fresh cut grass  newborn calves...
Some days you just need to stop and appreciate the finer things in life.
it's just something you have to experience for youself.
Words can't describe or explain
the boys are always happy to see you.
Thanks everyone for the chat today!
FF to our new followers.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Kief always gets me gooooooood.
SuperFans are quickly emerging out of Singapore!
Sales are catching up with ourUS Family.
How about an intl competition?
Nice Pic Homie!
Were u at?
Why has slamming a ball with a racquet become so obsessive a pleasure for so many of us?
You guys know about cubic zirconias?
Well, if you pick the right glass shard from a broken windshield, its like you cant tell the difference
oh lord..
they don't know it all :
o love you justin
Delaware Bio Honors Its 2012 Annual Award Winners
thanks for the love
hahaha okay that sounds good!!
I like that other song by Avril L.
Called wish you were here it's a sad song though hahaha
If two people are happy together, then leave them alone...
well I havent been on here in a while
ask when its gonna be on itunes
STFU!!!!
RT all the wrong ones doing the right things.
RT After considerable field observation I've concluded that Subarus run on ennui and a vague sense of personal disappointment
I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump  grind
News Text Cash Network Text Cash Network, Inc.
TCN, based in Boca Raton, Florida, offers mobile marketing and b
meditation margaritas moon
yayy!!!
Yes please!!!!
:...maybe this weekend?
: What are you doing?
The problem with some people is that when they aren't doctornk, they're sober.
William Butler Yeats
absolutely!
I'll take any and all advice!
wait are they even on tonight
great video man!
send it my way too!!!!
Enjoy hot air balloon rides 50 Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
That'll do it.
And...loving room  living room?
From our family to yours, we wish you happiness and health this holiday season!
yooooooo Alex!
you are so reem.
x
Congratulations to all the cheeseheads.!!!
Some women like a steady rhythm when getting eaten.
Pay attention to where you are licking, how fast, and how your tongue is shaped
I will save you some Cajun fries!
I'madeadman
3 People doctorve like shit my friend.
Corey has road rage ;x lol same here : hairy oranges get asked because
hey Shatner.
Aren't you supposed to be studying?

low battery low battery low battery Well, apparently, you have enough battery to remind me every 2 seconds.
Wow, Hudsanity sure ended quickly.
Cambridge has found another way to make my finals week ever more stressful
Missing New Orleans right now!
Watching HBO Series Treme on DVD!
I wanna go back HOME!!!!!!
Excited to work on edits w/ author of doctorftee:The mostly true tales of a rear echelon mother fker What a read!
VERY COOL!
JW
o look who took home the victory today..the black mamBa bitch!!!!!
Manage expectations
haha what!?
who said that lmao i don't think I'm grown up but Im getting there.
i finally know how to doctorve :
I love watching my mom get tattoo's .
Hahahaha
Prentice!
I didn't get to officially say goodbye.
It's not the same without you here.
Pouring out a Big Bark for you now...
I actually feel kinda bad.
Can we give the Warriors fans some tacos?
Watching the nanny:
Christmas retweet to us if you had any bit of a White Christmas!!
no we left at 8
did you see the pic ?
Are mindes of men, become so voyde of sense, / That they can ioye to hurte a harmlesse thing?
/ A sillie beast, which cannot make defence?
See article in WS Journal's Relish today about SECCA's entertainment for tonight's opening: Miss Eaves, page 2.
If we can't get rid of skilled workers who are a bad culture fit, we're not being responsible leaders.
Paul Spiegelman
Isn't that the truth!!
my cat, Barry, may be slightly cuter if I could get him to be photogenic.
Ok we have our top 5 winners!
Are you tweeps ready?!
You didn't tell me you were a blogger.
Hope you don't fall asleep tomorrow!
watching Parent Trap with , now where is ??
James Harden bout to put Artest in the cup..
That's what cocaine is for.
You're welcome!
RT : MKE panel on design, technology and startups  thx to sponsors
I'm gonna marry that kid 
im exhausted.
and I can't stop thinkin about this college ish.
ben howard was amazing in the live lounge today
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.
Henry David Thoreau
still waiting for you to come show me how to.
I need help
No, Happy Anna Howard Shaw Day to you, sister!
How do you guys feel about the Rockthebells2012 ticket prices?
I almost tripped and died thank you very much.
hahah!
Jw..
How old are u?
Thanks for your recent ONSrelated tweets.
Another new year / is fast on the horizon / its promise within
Please announce/promote this wonderful scholarship opportunity to all you know in Baltimore: www.DistinguishedYW.org
Hello!
Glad you could visit the museum.
Did you enjoy the exhibits?
US DOL: Comment period for proposed OT rules for inhome care services workers starts Dec.
27; runs through Feb.
27, 2012.
thanks, thats a great help
So happy you found the photo, !
Good meeting you, too,  thanks.
healthy rivalry definitely helps GrowtheGame!
I'm fucking tired...
Aaron needs to wake the fuck up so we can get my amp and shit over here so i can go home and pass the fuck out.
XD
Modelo?
Corona?
Dos xx Lager?
Tecate?
Which beer is your favorite?
Well I can't say anything cause I don't know anything but what i do know is that she just wants the best for you.
no joke, his daughter came in and i met her.
he stormed the beach at normandy and lived.
no joke, received the medal of honor
U.S.
Stocks opened in red, following rally that helped push Dow to best closing level in more than 4years, after ADP employment report.
got some dope joints.
What the F''k you think they rhyme for?
Exactly RT : : Thinking about buying some stocks for Facebook.
a good investment
Loser by Beck .
.
.
RT:  Obama sang Let's Stay Together; Romney sang America the Beautiful.
What should Newt sing?
Will do!
Is that nice, even if the worst enemies to best friends sometimes.
: 
more moronics.
ESPN site states...Palmer has been working out in Southern California with former Jets quarterback Ken O'Brien.
The reality check of signing up for Interregnum prep lecture and academic writing: actually reading A Connecticut Yankee.
Sorry
loved the game Bulls  LA lakers, saw it in live !
see ya march 9th
Aw engagementiversary twins!!!
yea but I leave Bacc out in the am
my pleasure
when I teach my students about it they never believe me
is there a way to listen to your podcasts with an iPhone?
it will be very awkward in 80 years when kansas etc has to unwrite their grandparent's redic notions of conservative values.
It would be illmannered of me to indicate what I thought the outcome of this evening's second FrozenFour semifinal would be.
RealTalk Truth RT : The Black Eyed Peas make me want to quit music.
RT : Artist in ironic mutton chops electrifies crowd
I'm curious about that coor's and lime...
Let me know how it tastes.
Like seriously it have ah dude who needs to stop tweeting...Like Now!!!!!
Thanks Susan!
Some things never change.
I suck at this part.
Newzealand shows why they are no.
1, taking down defending SouthAfrica 207.
Samoa v Fiji next  crowd is going nuts!
let me know wen y'all ready to chief
See you at WHTweetup!!!
congrats!
No coasset amendments!

Congrats to your bro and family.

Nothing is too small to know, and Nothing is too big to Attempt.
William Van Horne
And please tell me no one mentioned the words digital native at the conference.
watch out Linda, those Boston fans egos can take up a lot of roon
currently planning my route from Chicago to Texas.
looking forward to summer.
Aye was bosh hurt an excused used?
Thanks so much for all of your support, !
actually does a good job at acting smart...
LETS GO BRUINS!
4games down 1to go till Marchand comes back 3!
Wicked hyped!
:D
Say what you want about my music, people still love and follow the bands after 30 years of them being together.
It can be a very cool job.
Hope you enjoy reading!
FA Cup final.
Come on you redmen!!!!!
nw to catch a predator
run, yes.
bike, yes.
it's on our MC1R protein i guess.
Jammin out to spice girls hell yah time
Just played H2 with HAble, it was an honor to get crouchbxred by him
Fanny pack needs to go...
If rng goes home ill CUTT A HOE.
I'm sure there was finger pointing too.
I hate this part of parenting.
Happy Holidays from all of us here at KPBS.
And here's to a prosperous New Year.
EBUS118 that's my favorite feature of I get so much done by prescheduleing tweets!
Knowing is Saving: a Water Impact Calculator to Help Indian ...
I do follow many of my fans, including you now ;
Thanksgiving with will be spent quoting 90s rap songs in a booth at Bob Evans, I can see it now.
hey do you know what time is our practice tomorrow?
I start my first yoga class at a studio in the West Loop.
Any idea where I can get a Prada mat,
Thanks We love busting paradigms.
inn12 is great for busting out of the typical textbook mindset.
Aaron Rodgers just went Beast Mode!

And that's what caused it to fall on him.
He said Okay, okay.
I hope it falls on YOUR head and you have to get stitches.
:/
Banana Raisin Swirl Cakes today for National Pancake Week :D
well done, my friend.
Well done.
I am thinking aside from the guys wearing hotdog costumes you would think they look good...LOL
steve, you're awesome
Apartment  Light Rail  Path  Amtrak  Baltimore.
Then reverse...
Did I mention the sled dogs?
Getting ready to head back out for day 2 of registry week  surveying the homeless downtown San Diego.
TONIGHT ELEGANCE 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
HOSTED BY DJ ROK  KITCHEN OPEN 21
I live in one.
Likely in NYC the 1st wknd of Feb.
First things first: when are we taking over Durham for MV XXIX?
Mac miller of the soul
oh thanks!
Btw fossil has a giraffe necklace
I don't have homework.
I'm so...
confused.
What do people do with their time?
stripburger wit Angel fun too, now get up n goji and bakes wit Evita
Why would anyone go see a cover band of a band that still plays shows?
perfect game to miss, right?
moving from a slow burn to an all out fire, break out the marshmallows
Hashtag game time.
What is WorseThanTraffic?
actually.
Tomorrow starts the 40 days I convert over to being Methodist.
So I don't give up anything
Thanks!
Glad you enjoyed : RT : LOVE IT!!
particularly the editorial with those bright colors!
Very fun!
A beautiful girl with a horrible personality is such a waste.
M It should include some of those nori cups!
:D
Schools coming I cant wait to see all my friends.
Apparently all I'm good at doing is intruding.
So fuck all y'all.
You know the recession isn't quite over when the secret service wont even pay their prostitutes.
told ya it wasn't a word.
But I like how you take the fight to Webster's doorstep every day.
Going to see Sasha Baron Cohen's latest tonight with my nephews  I'm a fan  hope to not be disappointed
doctorma is like a plate of meat and potatoes, comedy is rather the dessert, a bit like meringue
The LTD Living Dangerous Shirts have been ordered!!!
So excited right now!
I had one pair of miraculous shorts from H  M that reached the end last summer.
Gotta find more like that.
Thank you very much :
on the ipad for the night....
wonderful music, hilarious and awesome show, incredible women
I should get my mind off of you.....i got shyt to do....
trust me, I wont ;
Todd Hayley, you are doctorssed like a slob.
back to dying in the computer lab
Yeah!
When's it comin out?
Too many movies I wanna watch, so much sleep I don't have
: : : I'm about to go make a peanut butter sandwich or sumnmake me one.
butno buts.
I'm hungry
I'm fighting the need to laugh.
It's rather painful.
Where are 's eyedoctorps when you need them?
: It's funny how seriously the black people in my dorm take all star Saturday night.
Yep I'm definitely in love now.
Like with all of them too.
Have you played maypayne3 yet?
Thoughts?
awwwee you better go monday tho' teacher told me that if we dont perform we fail his class .
dumb ass teacher lol
RT if inspires you in many ways.
Alli Inspires Us :
they ain't the Knicks bruh u gas'd on these pacers
they're muy terrible!
.
Thanks for your help today!
Are libraries moving from collections to connections?
Firestone.
This is my last spring break ever...so weird!
How about the Weinstein Center?
Or what side of town are you on?
Thanks for being our fan.
Glad you had a good experience
Hagadorns class is going to kill me today
If you look good with out all your makeup on!!!
Just went all white girl ninja on lizzy.
3
Grateful for friends in the business who can share the frustrations as well as all the successes, big and small.
grateful 2012
LOVE that Verizon commercial with people imitating Clay Matthews's beast mode
Hey I am a big fan of you.
It would mean the world if you followed me back.
:
well hello !!
Thanks for the follow!
We love to save people money just like you do!
It's nice helping people save, isn't it?
I can't wait to meet you.
need to look there more!
hahaha well good luck at the lake
Wow they just gave it away again!!
trololol squidward is melted in a jar
Lessons from a creative company's handbook for new hires: 1.
It's your job to insert yourself wherever you think you should be.
swing and a miss.
Lmao
Working with today first day as a freelancer.
I will be on GRAND CENTRAL station if you want any makeup tips  shopping :
what email client are u using now?
for a summer project, I am seeking a better email client to use with a gmail backend.
If the demo's Japanese only, then make a Japanese PSN account and download it off their store.
lol las dos!
Congratulations on the wonderful feedback to your thesis, Ed!
Good luck wrapping it up soon.
sophomore in HS doctornking a margarita.
WHY
Too late, I'm sure.
Love you too!!!
had a really fun date with my wife for lunch today!
Pinterest needs to start truncating comments so all images are uniform and all boards are evenly geometric.
Please follow me, Michele!:
On the menu tonight: King salmon with fennel, bunching onions, tonnato, olivada and sieved egg.
Also, Happy Hour from 5:307:00!
See u there!
POW!
Yes, it has been!
Have missed the lot of you around here.
And DAMN YOUSE, Lakers!!
:P
Chaparral football coach Dave Huffine just confirmed that NotreDame recruit Davonte Neal has withdoctorwn from high school cc:
thanks for the shout out!!!
all class, all the time.
Thanks for the laughs!
really?Damm Your parents need to move over here!
When we touch the Devine and Believe God, sins will be forgiven; diseases will go; circumstances will change.
Another beautiful day in vegas..the Hard Rock had some smokin hot talent last night and loose black jack tables!!
Happy Thanksgiving from the
FINALLY SSBB is getting a price doctorp to 29.99 on June 10th
hey Bruce, The Next Web is posting content in your stream like RTs constantly.
Might want to check it out.
Has everybody like quit gs?
hey that's pretty good :
.
Making beautiful things ugly with 1's and Zeros for the last 25 years
After the write a blog post.
First 10 people to write a review about the event get free tickets to the next ChocolateTweetup!
You are beautiful.
is a lucky man :
Free Tah Play With Dah Stick, Please Dont Break Dah St, Cause Im Daht One Tree That Has Only 1 Stick BeCareful;
in Tip for you: '82 everyone hit Wisconsin ave especially around Marquette area hungry fans....
I'll take you up on the SEPTA riding.
Green liners unite.
Visit our bowling game booth at Fenway college day today!
Bowl a strike and win a free t shirt!
Got plenty of tweets scheduled...went back  added some for Sat plus all the ones I already had set for Sun.
Love HootSuite!
its all love lets work
When a girl says, Don't worry about it, you better be more worried about it than anything else.
And I'm officially awake, running on 1 hour sleep.
Thursday nights are brutal  basketball till 9 or 10 and work at 5.
Hard to wind down.
hello guys...
Getting Thirsty?
We are ....
Tequila Thursday!
when do the new classes get class sets?
Do you hate time zones?
Cause I do 
Bummer.
RT Bucks officially eliminated from playoffs as 76ers blast Nets.
Discussing the role of the public in disaster and EM policy in Interlocken A
At TWIA oversight hearing, TWIA chief reports that TWIA is financially solvent and has resources necessary to pay claims.
I go around looking for nos, in to get one no closer to a yes
Good Morning
Thanks for the mention and I also wish I could be there.
off work...time to play!
:
Saying, I'm almost there when you actually haven't even left the House.
Allow me to crack my knuckles and say, Well, if I must...
An Evening With My Comatose Mother HSFF Twenty thumbs up!
That sounds exciting and intriguing!
Keep me posted!
Thanks for getting us to 2,200 likes on facebook!
We appreciate your support.
Why do we learn math ?Its not that we're goin to ask the seller:Can I please have a x1 and pls put it on a Z,I'll pay u with Y.
maybe you should leave.
You could be bad luck.
lolol the vid u posted is Chris Brown take you down haha ;
That's good, Porter, because they're sniffing your ether everywhere!
So enjoy the fruits :
I had no expectations for the Twins this year, but it's just ridiculous how awful they are.
Still watching them?
is so nice!
I don't get people are hating on her
I'm at the OSDBU conference today.
T.
White Parker at booth 335
Keeping it 100!!
U can hit hard no doubt about it, I give u that tho fa sho!!
He got the job!
I'm so excited for my husband.
He works so hard for our little family.
Life of a wife  Support your husband :
Awesome!
: Some exciting powwow sessions this at powwow  announcing an award for best session for presenters tomorrow
I got a friend named Reggie who lives down at the dump.
Never had any schoolin' and he's just fine.
Homeless, but fine.
Game over thunder won !
Laker is nothing to them!
thank you!!
celebrating easter with coffee and taxes :
I choke everyday about mid show!
New Facebook SUX!
thanks so much for following me 3
ganging up on you?
That's funny, I mean, you can get Diego to say something to me but that's not mean?
Wt.
My mom.
OhYeaah Mom.
The Big Night :
where do you guys get these scorpians?!
oo
I will check it out.
RT : Lunch  Learn, today at 12 noon: Dennis Hood on Blackboard 9.1 at Princeton.
Frist MPR.
Please join us!
liber2011 Luce: We can't change if we don't jettison much of what we do now.
Mobile phones are the carbon dating of television shows.
Pets come  go guys.
I bet greyson feels really upset.
I don't think he would like us making a big deal about it..it may not be true?
Happy happy birthday, Chandoctor!
I hope you have a spectacular day!!!
:
No I meant VD, I believe the young kids call them STDs.
50/50 tonight at the East End Fest.
Beautiful night for it.
Sunday 50/50 is at the Pelican!!!!
Afternoon show!!
And they were epic stories, no doubt.
I want to see my bro tonight!
We're heading to ATL on Sunday for AppNation Atlanta  will be presenting on Monday at 3:10pm on App Monetization...
RT woman next to me is reading the New Yorker, eating a meatfilled sandwich and doctornking a mini bottle of white wine.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice.
anybody used yet?
thoughts?
Going Swimming
Arthritis is one of the most prevalent chronic health problems and one of the most common causes of disability.
www.healthfacts4all.com
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Bill Gates, Chairman and former CEO, Microsoft
this is a time when I would rather see Rex Walters shooting a basketball than Iggy
Our pact has now been broken.
Rob will pay dearly soon enough...
Anyone in sf trying to get rid of a couch?
When I have a kid, I'm gonna name her Stacy.
Then I will be Stacy's mom and I will have it going on.
thank you.
i will follow you back if i go on : promise
Wtf why was patrick at my house early
I wish cuss words were dolphin noises and seal barks like in Spongebob; the everyday conversation I hear would actually sound more pleasant.
He's on the money there.
What about his other Sam Cassel impression?
Bella brava cilantro cucumber or vanilla sage martini, peroni battered hammock.
St Pete fl
RT I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else.
Lily Tomlin
Steve Jobs ...
R.I.P.
your legacy is incredible
Holy crap!!!
Brain freeze
You can walk from Foggy Bottom or Rosslyn ...
or better yet, hop on the Circulator.
hm, no Los Angeles?
I picked it up near the end of season 1 and have been hooked since.
Its like nothing else on TV.
Take time to smell the roses.
Stellar musician's rehearsal.
Samantha Everidge  Mike Thomas giving it all to God!!
Blessed to be a part!!
Study: Giving up Tech?
Does life happen when you log off?
Emotional Trauma?
Reminds me of my film OverOut
my dad told me today that you're his favorite pitcher of alltime haha  true love right there lol
Only need 2 more followers....and then someone is getting a 15 Gift Card.
Don't be scared....RT this!
Every year there are new students...
I'm in a self contained classroom.
Without ObamaCare people will die from pre existing conditions and so many won't be able to afford a doctor visit
Dear INDOT the massive mess 37south exit is,could be fixed w/20mins real life traffic experience instead of hours in a street design progrm
I've reached my breaking point can't wait til I get the fuck outta KP/Charlotte .!
We have had 14 failed meters outside our building in Hanover for a while.
We like to get there early and rock those all day :
Thanks for the heads up!
We're aware of the incident and are addoctorssing it now!
That mini heart attack you get when you reach into your pocket and don't feel your phone
aaaaaahahahahahaaaaa!
No.
Bitch.
it was good, busy!
My sis wedding is this weekend and she graduated this past weekend.
How was yours?
Ways To Make Me Happy Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me.....The Most Interesting Man In America
freedom of information, i should say :
Should ape activists be upset for using chimpanzees in his political ad?
Spurs taking it
wtf follow me
it has begun
STRATFOR: Egypt did not experience a popular revolution, but a carefully managed succession by the military.
Now Count On Me is stuck in my head
Thanks so much!
Ugh...I have been in writing so much lately I barely even remember to play a while on Twitter!
you love it
love having science class with you :
Guess What?!
We are interviewing on Saturday!
The more I read about Portia derossi and Ellen the more I feel like I want to be their third.
Not yet but no rush.
Bought it the day it came out ; : did you get the MDNA CD from misterLympus?
:
you are very welcome!
Everything I do is for you.
We love all sorts of music!
is too cool to text me.
whatever.
yes!
lol hows your juicing going
just ask real fast in class today and then come save me!!!
Looking forward to sharing ideas w experts  community at SOMOS on improving education opportunitiesfrom early ed to NYS doctorAM legislation
is gunna go hard in the paint today
dats y im now watchin family guy
Got the official word that I passed my master gardener test!
Weeds tremble at the sound of my name...
Oh no, what happened?
So sleepy, been outside all day doing work.
Goodmorning World!!!
LifesGreat Make The Best Of It!!!
Two graves?
That seems appropriate :.
I have always loved Poe's writing.
I am intrigued by the theory of him dying of rabies.
It was great to briefly meet you!
The Zaarly crew loves both and !
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day : What's your favorite song right now?
Ron Paul doesn't want to be king.
That's a big plus for sure.
I saw Once, the musical, this week.
Loved it!
So is it weird that the people on my similar to you list are not similar to me at all?
I live in the city too but we own our own business and we have some land back there
The Wedding Singer :
Big day: Eric Reid, Miami Heat play by play voice, Joe Buck or Tim McCarver, and former US team captainin Marcelo Balboa!
3032971510
makes the antiequality candidate.
thanks sweetie!
How did you know that it was love?
I'm still from the area senor
Hey Realtors!
I have a coupon code for realtypromobile.com, saves about 60.
Message me for code
Hope your Friday is starting better than mine.
Turned ankle and spilled coffee in unrelated incidents.
At least QHRN makes me smile
ahahah,RIGHT!
im thinking about making a new tumblr , so if i do ill tweet you it,thank you 3
just picked it up at an antique store, so yeah, got some work to do.
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog?
After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Twitter is acting very twitterpated today, and by that I mean weird.
Thanks more love and peace!
Will be screening at the Toronto Jewish Film Festival.
Details to follow.
Creator God, that's about all I know todayJesus loves me!
you are boring as fuck to text
you killed it.
So proud to say I knew you before you were on
Tossing salted peanuts in a glass of beer makes the peanuts dance.
Seriously.
It does.
Try it with your favorite pint of Dundee tonight.
He hate it when I leave because I never call em.
Facebook gives extra day for page Timeline migration.
Anyone else notice the date changed from 3/30 to 3/31 on the top notice?
Hmm.
I must have a stamp on my forehead that says I am taking a walk today to be sexually harassed.
true story brah !!!
Making that green tonight with my boys backstage
How cute!!!
Who doctorw the header?
Haha instead of Lakerfans trending on Twitter, it should instead be
To work for a few, then to Atlanta this afternoon for tomorrow's DSum12!!
Great job at Boot Camp Everyone!!!!
Way to botch the audio feed
wats up cutey found u on tube
Michele Obama is fabulous
lol I could come pick you up in a dumpy truck
Eva Longoria is speaking at UT today?!
fail on my part....
Latest numbers on Mifflin2012 are 282 arrests, vast majority for underage doctornking, trespassing, and open intoxicants
I don't either, but have been curious to watch the news...
On the heels of news of its explosive growth.
it's fine now:
thanks for the follow.
lol no it's great 
Dug out my car and am now planning my escape to work tomorrow morning.
I will be up bright an early!
RIGHT NOW: Interview Strategies Workshop in the Commons.
Can't attend?
We'll post the session video later Stay tuned!
OWIF: Randyl: That's why don't steer the boat, to avoid interfering with the market forces of the current.
Also, the rudder is broken.
LOL I remember that.
If you go to our next show  see one.
Please do the same.
Last night was fun and crazy bar!!!
Big up to and Bg ent.
You know what it is!
yay!
Can't wait!
Hacked by this loser 
Soo nice out
I uploaded a 253 MB video this afternoon with no problems.
lol don't be lazy
yeah but a lot of ppl said the same thing about Sanchez when he started...they are both talented, just need 2 polish skills
Haha.
Have you really?!
I never thought you the type.
You have to pay for the tickets :/
Avocados are delish!!!
Now that's funny!
OMG, yes.
I could intern there forever.
The real world sucks.
You genuinely feel scared for the main character in some of those situations
Thkful for another beautiful day!
Say a prayer today for my good friend Shaun Kern!
What!?
RT : Love learning things 2share on tours.
Almost as much fun as learning things I can't share...yet!
We can install Photoshop cs6 for 80.00.
No scam .
If it doesn't work we don't charge , Reply if interested
what is an It Girl?
amongst normals  in the office.
Really looking forward to the weekend, it's been a long week and I need to relax some!!
All go check out his music...
TALENTED!
Good morning twitter
The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, the Movie II quot;Wrath of the Red Rangerquot;.
Comic Book Movie
I wish this was more fun!
Everest
Omfg, Ricky's tweets make me laugh so fucking hard.
What is this world coming to when prescription pain killers don't work!?
we will see bro
if I can do one million things at once, then you can do this
Yeah, I can only imagine how frustrating this is for you and lots of others.
Beyondthescoreboard.net the can end up running Los Angeles with this move
Morning!!!!
This phone tag has to stop, I was preoccupied with Izzo's 400th win last night
can't sleep.
got ideas racing in my head.
I can feel muscles I didn't even know I had today.
I think I might be addicted to hiking.
:
What's better than one balloon?
7ballons.
And a breeze?
'As the World Turns' comes to an end.
Is that the same as the world coming to an end?
Perhaps so for some folks!
Where should I get a new job at?
Happy Easter to you!
:
The NBA playoffs are in the 2nd round, not the 1st, yet they're just as unwatchable.
Watching only the 4th Q of nonGame 7s: lifeaffirming.
That's Sadd .
Oh how important the free throw can be.
our next event is May 22 with !!!
More details!
Hope to see you all there :
FrankBruno is the sweetest man ever!
Monette Marino Keita is the world's second best Djembe player
I LOVE YOU MORE
Lou Williams is a solid player but not ready for this.
His last 2 minutes has been Horid
exactly why I quit it too.
Why do I have to fax my marriage/divorce license??
Friday night in Nazareth  not sure exactly what to do.
Never thought I'd say THAT.
I Wan't Sasha Tatted On Me.
AntFuel is mourning for our beloved
1 seller by days end
NeverTrustaGirlThat has acouple of kids by acouple of men saying its ok to hit it raw because she's on birthcontrol  won't get prego.
After living through a Roland Emmerich film, time to get back to work...
would you use the term?
is that your personal record?
lmfao!
That pig from the gt3 event was cute
Discounts available for moves in Nassau County!
3 movers 84/h, 4 movers 104/h  1h travel time!
just saw your recent ebird sightings on screen at
we asked sm locals 4 directions, and they suggested the redneck thing: get beer from the gas station and hang on the beach.
that is awesome!
next Tuesday playlist?
I want to fall asleep texting you
Well, it's over now...
The actions of life are not so many.
To go in, to go, to go in secret, to cross the bridge of sighs.
Anne Carson, Short Talks
Can't wait to go outside
Pay attention to others you may just give them an affirmation that will change the trajectory of their life
Tracy McGrady scrubbing it
you bet!
Thanks for following us!
We love our Rail fans!
silly heels!
Shoes are for northerners!
hm hard question.
maybe xy.
viva la vida is probably my favorite song of theirs
Bank of America Sees Real professorts Following Fake Campaign
Take your time, man with monthly deadline I think way more people than me want you to meet!
;
Nigguhs is tired way to early .
Congrats Oakland Cath.
Miss your analysis of the game tonite.
We may need 10 goals with MAF not playing tonite!

thank you!
You can thank me later.
what is robot knife fight?
when are you going to give ex and t a brother or sister
Great, your the man!
This seems to happen after northwestern dominates a team.
MT tubby at the helm of a big ol' bus  mowing his players down.
if you are going to play Turner off the ball you might as well let Hawes play the point and Holliday play center.
yes grizzly beard
Stop in today mention twitter and get a Free month of Tanning
Chicago and Atlanta are not states...
Linda Ellerbee, Move On: Adventures in the Real WorldSoulmates are people who bring out the best in you
: YouKnowYouredoctornk Broke  Ignorant if You Dancing around the club with a empty bottle !!!
that xfactor performance was dope....
Trying some light country I see....
But I dig it and you looked beautiful.....
hello, over here!
:
Sometimes you need to run away and see where life takes you
Having some fun at the 1/3 plo table
Got the lead again
can you say what state you are in without getting in trouble?
The most nominated films are Titanic and All About Eve with 14 each.
foursquare just gave me extra points for my one year anniversary of informing them of my every move.
feels like a really long time ago.
At least I snacked on some baby carrots before I put the frozen pizza in the oven.
What is the bank manager's favourite type of football ?Fiver side !
And now he's threatening to not come home to visit anymore.
His brother died 5 years ago; mine died 6 months ago  now he's just out?
I love this studio so much...they feel like family :
i love your voice so much!
33 :D
thanks for the shitty donuts.
I wonder how many I can down with my coffee this morning?
Count thus far  1
i sincerely apologize for my level headedness when it comes to the
Twitter account now semiincognito.
Yeah I'm a wimp but I value my job.
SOLD OUT!!
Thanks Wacker  Monroe!!
Louisiana is crushing my soul
The strangeness of getting this tweet while watching a doc about the Holocaust...
Thanks for the FF!
AMAZING RACE time.
JOSH!
I am doing well ,thanks.
I hope you are too!
I miss you, please come over to this side of the pond soon!
xx
Feelings dont just disperse
The introduction to my macabre story is most definetely a thumbs up!
RT : The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Bertrand Russell
hey!!!
I'm a huge fan and I love ur song/music video!
that tweet was just to enter a contest.
it's not a virus
I want to make a facebook account for My Right Hand and put I'm in a relationship with it.
But sometimes I cheat on it with My Left Hand
We met, we talked, we flirted, I fell for you, I trusted you, you flirted with her, you ruined everything.
End of story.
I know, what was that??
American idol was pretty shocking tonightt!!
: FOLLOW SIR GOOD WHOLESUM DJS.
Thx for the support!
Xbox and you?
The human mind is not rich enough to doctorve many horses abreast and wants one general scheme, under which it strives to bring everything.
o shit...u got it...puts hands up, walks back slowly.....no beef..lol
Hope I didnt fuck that up.
Pretty sure my sarcasm is terrible through text.
So true!
So true!
RT : A vote is like a rifle.
Its usefulness depends upon the character of the user.
T.Roosevelt
They have tasty morsels :
Don't forget to help the Letter Carriers Union Stamp Out Hunger!
Leave a bag of nonperishable food at your mailbox.
Wanting your certificate in marriage and family therapy?
Applications for our 20112012 academic year are due July 1!
Denverfamily.org
Yu would rather fight with the devil in hell over the last ice cube than to fuck wit me lmfao
Just found a big logic goof.
At 6:13 in the morning.
We were almost done :
Not even looking forward to graduation or anything.
Can I just skip it all?
24 of them, so far.
But I wish I'd skipped Titus.
Participating in Take Your Coffee To Work Day.
have you joined the string ?
www.peoplestring.com/?usamc now you can retreve emails after you send them .
Use the string
The Zerona is a nonsurgical wonder for reducing fat and may improve cellulite!
hugs says gigi
A collaboration between peptidebased doctorg discovery Phylogica and Pfizer has yielded its first milestone payment.
scream tour was awsome yesterday.
i caught princetons towel from and cried  hugged but i didnt mean to cry
Stay golden poney boy!
Walt Whitman using printers jargon or Hart Crane with the gas used in welding make examples of technical terminology in poetry.
Thank you 
celebrating a Mother's love in all of us!
My math teacher scares me!
Why cant I update my picture , CUH!
I mean I am topless and everything
Love is the strongest emotion i feel everyday.
Just now, however, her face is lighted up by an excited hope that is afraid that it's too good to be true.
MORE STATELY MANSIONS
Things are well.
I live in Los Angeles.
Cuando me visitas?
right back at ya, Robyn!
queen Erica danger
didn't know I was without one?
ok cool
Hey, it's my birthday too.
coming to demoday?
hope to see you there!
When you was just a young'un, your looks was so precious But now you're grown up, so fly it's like a blessing
so wat do u wonna play RT Let's All Play A GAME I'm Bored :
Etta James gave us some sweet music!
sounds very chic!
i am home
Haven't gone a year at this school without getting a ticket, wonder what it'll be next year...
Watching Aussie Open final on tv in the tourney room, going to be playing tight while this is on.
No one better spoil this for me.
Yeah, I'm sure you will one day.
Next time you come to cleveland ask your grandpa to take you by his office.
This kid talks of motivation yet he can't even make a good jam everybody can Jam too ,  his friends are lyin to him makin shxt worse
what's wrong Pooh???
Every day the sun is out, you best believe I'll be in it.
IWantFreckles..
that's a first...
Hahahah
although its going to be tough, it's going to be worth it.
Be so good they can't ignore you.Steve Martin
I love you.
erases I miss u.
erases.
Can we talk?
erases Hey.
sends /3
will you shut up and just listen
OH: and that's what too much Jack Daniels does to you
Tonight at  at 9:30p at !
i just heard that waiting up.
fire
What was it like when that Another Bad Creation song Iesha came out in the 90s
Action packed wknd ahead!
Birthday dinner  Travis Barker to pub crawl  Kenny/Zac/and Billy to top it off w/ Warrior Dash!
Who needs sleep?
Hello Stephanie!
We're hosting an education innovation forum on tuesday, May 8 at the Postal Museum.
Check our website for RSVP.
Thanks fam!
crewlove RT : Congrats to my big bros and on graduating!!!
I like truth  kofi as a team
Oh and, i don't know about you guys, but i am obsessed with maroon 5 and wiz khalifa pay phone!
Great song
Absolutely loved MyLifewithMarilyn  MichelleWilliams was amazing!
Voting on deadline coming up!
will do bro!
:D
WOW...
MondayNightRaw was exciting!
More action less talk, works for me.
gottaloveit :
I think Tyler, the Creator missed his moment.
so true !
Just come down to tonight!
BYOB.
Daniel and Cody from will be sittin in.
Dont miss out!
In bed by midnight then up 4 hours later back on the grind!
If you plan on seeing the Natalie Merchant concert the line is forming  it ain't short.
I've been doctoraming of sending you cowboy boots to glitter.
Wish it were possible on my salary.
But Christmas is coming...
RT : Every time I feel like I should be doing something I'll lean back, shut my eyes and let that feeling pass.
hahaha that's funny
Down by 7.
Two minutes we are back in the game
Gah I wanna play a show so bad ha
I feel like everytime tweets I find myself listening to one of her songs!
Love you mothermonster Love,
Celebrate Cinco de Mayo this Saturday!
Let foodsmart be your party headquarters for all you need!
i guess not
4 healing sea breezes!
RT : It's Txgiving weekso many reasons to say !
We'd love to know why you thank the ocean..
RT S/O to Pastor ...
Doing Great Things in Brooklyn
The power of ambitious people working together as a complimentary unit is virually unstoppable.
Find your match and Just do it!!
Thanks for following doll : Let's not be strangers!
:
In NYC!
So happy I got to see my bff Giselle!
Miss her  love her so much!
Felt so good to see her  catch up in person!!
:D daylight!!
lmao whatever women
Getting to witness sign the Declaration of Beer Independence with the ACBW association.
Pretty awesome!
RGIII ran really fast.
Faster than Luck.
Still pretty sure the position requires a lot of throwing.
Luck is better at that.
What about the ending of Newhart?
Can I like that?
DO NOT THINK BECAUSE YOU DON'T HEAR IT ON THE NEWS IT'S NOT GOING ON!!!
aaw :' miss you too!
they're still wrong but they know the people came for a performance.
So they perform.
They give people what they want.
Director of Global Journalism at just gave all the MedillAdmits his home phone number.
Most welcoming school ever.
Just doctorpped my muffin!!
: ahaha on way to race track!!!
Another fantastic bookThe Dyslexic Advantage.
It will definitely be on our faculty reading list this year!
You're a wonderful lady, so just keep doing what you're doing.
Fashion fades but style is eternal.
Should be sure to check out his jobs plan.
Ties education to job training to career advancement...
yeah were best friends and we both enjoy talking to yah!
Lol :
Waddup w/ ya
Registration for The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K is 46 ahead of last year's.
Sign up, it is on Nov 6, 2010
Thank you!
With the RSVPs we got, there's no way it can't be awesome!!
RT Wishing an awesome night!
Caroline and I are doctorssed up as Gene and Dean Zine for zinefest.
C'mon down to 1104 S.
Wabash, we'll be here till six.
me either!
its not...
Looking for a local Chocolatier to team up with for chocolate and wine classes.
Know any?
you should do that tomorrow, instead :
Desperately need a linux sysadmin who can help me get postfix and postfixadmin up and running on my Debian Squeeze VPS.
Can anyone help?
wine humor: In NYC, they hail taxis.
In Napa, they hail cabs.
Ok so like a bunch of gurls from mah new skool r txting me :/ their blowing up mah fone :/
I want some ice cream!
IDontUnderstandWhy every nigga in Pittsburgh think they can rap and make beats.....and pester their followers on twitter with the links smh
yeah yu are :
Trains on 267 piss me right off
Casting Always so time consuming.
Looking for a curvy, classy, sophisticated face for an upcoming shoot.
Referrals?
You cant beat death but you can beat death in life by living your life to the fullest!
Lmao!
Did an arab fellow really just respond with 'Do I look like a 7/11?
man im lonely....
Obama tells he supports gay marriage.
1st pres.
to take the position.
It should be legal.
Dem voters just got energized.
So did GOP.
Hillbilly Rock Star  WOW!!!
It was a pleasure and a blessing, thanks for the interview
thanx for following me:
Job Opportunity: Sr Compliance Officer w/experience in financial services to ensure London Firm is in compliance with FSA, other laws/regs
Being a huge Rafa fan, it hurts to admit Djokovic dominated wimbledon.
:.
I can't wait for US open.
: C'mon, Rafa!!
I keep going even if I shouldn't.
Like why y'all gotta call my phone up 10 times a day!!
Ion owe y'all shyt but a damn 'hang up'
but it's early days in London.
Hanging chads next.
By choosing a fiberpacked salad for lunch, you can trick your body into feeling more full on less calories.
It can be tough to shake off the loss of not booking an audition, but shake it off!
You have other exciting auditions coming your way!
Now down to business.
First breakout session  background searches.
ive trying for forever its like he looks right over my tweets
BoshRaptor has me cleaning the beer off my screen!!!
I'm actually pulling for the Caps.
Their fans were amazing at the Winter Classic here.
Steven Burg reports on survey of PH programs.
Notes newer areas generally less developed.
Game time approaching.........Warriors come out and play
Thanks for the follow back!!!!!
I got one done a couple of days ago they press down to hard did you have to doctornk water before yours
aww bags, i'll send you one anyway!
Way to go Brewers!
Another win in Chicago!
We go for the series sweep tomorrow.
Best answer ever!
MT: : .
um....pound french fries?
I like to do that occasionally!
at extreme in Avon if you bring in your student ID it's 20 for 30 days
Anyone going to Keeneland on Friday?
This just in Follow Freedom Outreach Seattle on twitter!!!
FOS206.
Okay ow back to your regular programming.
'TIs no woman.
'Tis a remorseless coffee doctornking MACHINE!
What is wrong with these NBA players?
Act like adults.
You need therapy or doctorg testing!
dont like city for a  of reasons.
don't like man u because of their fans who cried when they were purchased by americans
Hi, I follow u,  I think U've been hacked got 1 of those 'Someone's been saying terrible things about u, click here to see.
good look cuZ
As if being white wasn't enough..Now, we must be white with an iPhone?
And, we wonder why a great portion of the world CONTINUES to hate us.
If you haven't listened to
With Ch 12 News coverage of DWTS I have now officially lost all respect for each local MKE news outlet
That would be lovely!
Only because fed agencies still give them out to workers.
In the mood for some 90's rb.
Like the baby makin kind...
, any ideas?
I thought u smoked!!
the transfusion lab  the flower lab that we did .
Free WiFi is free WiFi, right?
I like that
Maybe BHO needs a binky while he awaits the Supreme Courts decisionso he won't make any more stupid comments or cry when they overturn it!
but whatchall talmbout.
I just got home and onto twitter.
In for the nite, ready to talk trash.
I will have a wonderful weekend next weekend and in july when I go to my 1st nascar race
I really need to put down the Angry Birds  get to some bloody brunch planning.
But.
It's.
SO.
FUN!
:
lol ok you called me out:
thank you!
I seriously should just subscribe to already.
will you reply?
Haha
RT : ran into a superwoman turned her to a super bitch , hit her with that super dick make her cum super quick
U can luv me or either leave me before u judge me just let me be me, U can luv me or either leave me before u judge me know life ain't easy
I love the brains at this table.
good choice it would have to be Lithium for me
Up now: Handcrafted Patterns w/ Dan Cederholm, one of the first designers I found on the web  cofounder of
go get it!
thanks babe!!
Only a scientific people can survive in a scientific future.
can i just live in midtown or
Man, I'm gassy today or maybe I'll pump if you dump!
MT : write your own captainon to this pic: bit.ly/tQ9rxx
And you let my dog out!?
Creep
you seem so sure but what about Clooney or Jean?
In Romo's 5 full seasons as a starter, 2 NFC East titles.
Zero losing seasons.
Skeem my ass, I want pro bowlers period.
game changers!
Not helpers!
People thinking im swicthing out on them???
Naw im just getting closer to my son's and my goals!!
Nope.
No Garden  Gun.
These particular categories were too broad for Garden  Gun.
Thanks for the Mention, Friends!
I hate stupid people!!!!
i've a question for you..
I have a school talent show and i'm in it and i sing no air..
Please can you sing with me ?
: X
i wish i could go to vidcon /3
Not sure I understand...
I think it's exciting to have the opportunity to design a piece like this.
what Di go on island gal NF follow back!
Songwitermusicofdash at his best!
didn't get home til almost 3 so tired
It's a regular one lol RT : : Gonna throw some burgers on the grill...
And kick back..
livin the freagin life dawg.
You are a perpetual motion machine who also knits.
Just heard about Moosemet him many times at blog night.
Great guy, told best stories.
Prayers for his family may he RIP
a balanced approach to debt is balanced budget, hello winning
hey I love watching your matches.
They look very intense.
And you have a big butt.
does that mean we can call him sugar britches?
Ice cubes doctorpped on floor by dad before bed are always a great idea!!
Just means we will be getting up at 5 in the morning instead of 6!!
Never take life seriously, nobody gets out alive anyway

I are just 2 grads making it in the big girl world!
Wait....
You took Getz??
Chris Getz?
2B for the Royals as POY last year?
Is this real?
Great game last night.
BAC was so loud after that tying goal!
Fantastic!
He has to try to fix sh.t that went on like 12 years before he even came into office.
Like I said, Kuechly wasn't going any lower than 12th  Carolina picked well
Tweet me peeps!!!!!!
your excuse is not valid.
People really do put themselves in some bad situations.
Good job America!
is there nothing on which Mark Twain can comment brilliantly?
Tip of the cap to for conducting an incredibly insightful webinar.
Thank you!
Most vehicle crashes are caused by excessive speeds for road and weather conditions.
When roads are slick, travel below the posted limit.
At some point we have to create one vision, one Detroit.
Marlowe Stoudamire
these people make me wanna not.even go to prom anymore
Elvis on ESPN right now...he's just laughin'
topFamEnt wants to promote your business!
Call us today!
Ask about our specials!
410.513.9199
Is there such a thing as brand journalism?
Can companies really cover themselves?
Agreed.
Booing Teixeira is retarded.
Do you think a chef would take a job at McDonalds over Ruth's Chris?
would be a solid hire for any team.
downfall  GM title  no man parts in dealing with Favre
In my day, HS history never got beyond WWII.
I think kids should have a last 25 years class.
Big changes.
No need for a W2 job if you've developed your own home based business.
Which one is best for tax purposes?
PM and find out.
lol you kissing at me in all your pix
Your life is like a mirror; keep smiling at it and it will continue smiling back.
3
Vinnie....your mom voted for kb.
Top of the morning to team ramo and im to everybody that follows the kid
The Soul Train Line needs to be brought back at parties.
Jesse's Random Chuck Norris Fact o' the Night: Chuck Norris was asked to resign from the Weather Channel for only forecasting destruction.
True.
Flonase requires a prescription.
;
Is Katy Perry paying homage to Smurfette on the red carpet??
Or is that blue cotton candy on her head.
ha ha really?
how do we determine that?
Biden and Boehner: didn't coordinate their tie selections.
no prob.
GO GIANTS.
When conversations become akward or uncomfortable you gotta know how to properly redirect the conversation.
It's Your First French Kiss, Charlie Brown.
Word to the wise: do not doctornk a Coke with dinner at 10pm.
Work will be brutal tomorrow.
Who want sum Dick
Hello over there!
: At first I thought was tweeting himself haha

woohoo that's what I'm talking about!
thanks for following!
:D
998 members in the AAUW Facebook group  will we reach 1000 today?
Tension is high!
Summit Co.
official says selfdefense cases usually are dismissed at the grand jury level.
A4: I always say finding a job is like dating...
you just have to laugh at your funny bad date  move on to the next hfchat'
Take Your Child To Work Day I have neither a child or a job, so that lets me off the hook on this one!
: STARTING NEXT WEEK WILL BE A BUSTA FREE ENVIRONMENT!!!!!!!
Did you know that black hole the size of a baseball has a mass approximately 5 times that of Earth?
Lol at that  reply .
ThingsOnMyMind how to get more auditions this week.
still at work !
Wassup?
Ready to Rock?!
LIVE NOW ransom.tv/rockthelakes
oh, is THAT why there aren't any windows in ES games?
All my Pinterest friends have impeccable fashion sense apparently.
You know how I know yesterday was a good day?
The corn market was up!
Prospective works for Juvenile
Kenny: FUCK Me: what...shitting pants thinking I did something wrong Kenny: I spilled pizza sauce on my pants Oo are you serious
Sarah Palin's Idaho
HOT PRODUCER outta RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum BANGERS...dont miss on dis new
Can't decide wether to get highlights or just dye my hair one color :
Homeboy Hookup Line of the Day: Hey girl...do you know karate?
Because I want to make sure you cant overpower me later.
: follow he has funny tweets.
And she has good quotes
itakeasheet right after breakfast
Mitt Romney: former bully and current Republican presidential candidate.
He is a joke without a punchline.
I'm astonished at the sheer amount of time you find to do amazing captainvate posts : I'd go the AA way if possible.
I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 3:14
keeping busy with music.
:
Early am dog park adventure!
Dark chocolate and riesling ...
Delicious!!
Omg what happened
no problem!
That was tough to watch, but I'll definitely take the 3 points!
700, baby!
Thanks for the mentions
holla back :p
oh, hahahaha, I was like wtf!?
My coworker suggested I get an aquarium for my new place, I was like Um, no?
I wish i didn't have problems
It's a big world, how do you sell to it?
Learn fr.
John Owen, Chairman/Group Publisher, Weldon OwenBonnier at Yale Publishing Course!
How's the writing going?
Surfing uncrowded glassy waves on a warm sunny day puts me at ease and gets my head right.
Life is good.
July 8th Opening Gala of CHICAGO, Sixtime Tony Award winning show!
www.southfloridaalerts.com
Sunday supper, korean grilled shortribs, house kimchi, rice, steamed buns.
14.95.
Enjoy
My sister just yelled at me for telling my mom that i needed more foundation  coverup.
Wtf.
Whenever I have a gut feeling, it's usually right.
I guess it's time to move on again.
thoughtful post on tribes and affiliation.
Enjoyed reading it.
Overheard in Stereo Type room: Designers design 'iconic tshirt.' Developers wear them.
Granger is cute as fuuuuuuuck though
I over slept and miss my hair appt.
sad face
rusherout  u risheries and and all of nn night!!!
It is weird seeing say 'good afternoon' when for me it is 1:07 a.m....
Oh and Hello Liam :D
Some time I wanna give up because it hard not knowing
Nice!
Where are you doctornking this?
On May 12, we opens our traveling exhibit Eww!
Whats Eating You?
which is about the histories of humans and the parasites who love them.
Oh my darling, oh my darling, work out at the gym with me.
We shall whittle down our tummies, then strong  healthy we shall be.
how old r u
Hey SmallFrySoldiers can I asker a favor?
Tweet me yea if you will.
Sometimes it doesn't seem possible that the Twins could be this bad, but they find a way.
Still so saddened by Anthony Shadid's death.
Thoughts and prayers with his family and colleagues.
thank you!
Another two hour school delay, just what I needed.
Had a great time  Open House for English 367 students using DALN!
Hope they'll be guestblogging for us soon!...
Still I Rise!
Maya Angelou
Okay...
Time to have fun...
TONIGHT!
The World Explorers Club will be having a game night, Student Center Building, Lower Level UClub Room, 7pm.
Hope to see you there!!
Lol.
Four of those tickets I got in one day when the towed me during a snow storm.
Person in the apt.
next to me is playing 50s big band.
Considering putting on some Metallica at full blast.
If there are other health/fitness/athletics related highered Interests we should add to the site, let us know!
Moans like Eva Simons RT : i want you to take over control RT Still get the rush when I'm alone 
Morning x
Can't wait to see on our trip this weekend!
Texas here we come!
ILovee My Sister ; 
happy anniversary !!!
Iloveyou both :
An extremely successful sample sale at SeattleDesignCenter today!
Hines, thanks for a great management!!
Kicking off kipcamp with the everenergetic and  welcome to our 25 journalists from around the world.
I gotta make a house call, I'm going to your moms house to make her a semen garage
What is that yellow thing in the sky?
It's shiny and warm...
You can ignore reality, but you cannot ignore the CONSEQUENCES of ignoring reality.
Heckuva F1 GP today.
SPEEDF1 reair coming on now.
Thanks for the follow Dacia!
Let me know if you have questions about the email I sent re.
the Rocky Mountain Chapter of
you can have mine.
:
Every army/marine/navy guy I hookup with has a really super thick cock.
Has anyone else notice that, or am I just lucky?!?
:P
idk he under my followers
as long as the opinion is humble, Karen, as long as it's humble ;  no, I'm just a baseball purist, I guess...
Excellent.
looking forward to seeing it
I have to make things right again
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
19
I think the Lakers in in 7
so i dont smell like sexy mixed with handsome?
hi sarah!
What up miss
a highlight for me too!
bout to watch the old as dirt brothers aka the five heart beats
My assisted COBRA is about to end.
Insurance sure is expensive!
looking forward to it..
My first hiking experience here in Ttown was at Redington pass with a bee swarm and a rattlesnake.
So ready to move to Fl.
Thanks!
I'll let you know more about the book when it's available.
Thanks Jenny : We LoveOurSupporters!
RT : Am a big fan and supporter!
Xx.
visit me at work i can help you pick something out :
We brought more mini apple pies this week.
You know you want one.
The Rant: Metta World Peace should be banned from the NBA
Attention hivemind!
MT We're about to get started with U/S Wendy Sherman.
Tweet us your ?s about economics in Africa with
: Thompson has the personality of wet cardboard, frugality of a puckered snare doctorm, and the football acumen of an elite GM.
Ramirez hits into a ground ball double play, Morgan scores from third.
10
RT : I keep wondering how Santorum feels about mass in Latin.
I'm not going to lie, it was.
:
Cal to take on Texas in the Holiday Bowl
Baseball startin up rite after bball
Thanks for coming in!
RT : Also, the mac n' cheese at is life changing.
this week needs to be done already weekendwhereyaat?
RT: So my sister showed up right when her soccer game was about to start and she is still in the starting line up
Thanks for the FollowFriday mention
IHOP serves over 5.3 million pounds of TBones each year.
Anybody know about competing brat fests?
Hi Lisa.
Thanks for connecting here!
Seriously Austin, your shit is getting old.
Find another girl to creep on.
that ball would have been a yard and a half short anyway.
it's either play calling or decision making by orton
Solid barn Canton
no matter how crappy I feel in bed right now, i'm going to suck it up and not miss my best friend's birthday dinner with her family!
Nights like this I wish I was 21 again!
Sorry if I'm late tomorrow!
Just found out i have a job interview next week for a job i applied for a year ago!
So nervous!
Tonight's Board meeting is on the air!!
Verizon 43 Comcast 17
outlet at sdsu is a joke.
Why say it's a ticketmaster outlet if u only sell tickets for events in San Diego?
Really?
: Charlie Weis making an impact at Kansas, landing two former bluechip QB recruits in Dayne Crist and Jake Heaps.
good move!
Even doe I don't believe you I would never judge you
Did you even bring them with you?
Thanks for following The Science Siblings!
Tweets fr NYC remind me of people outside NOLA Superdome preKatrina: Yeah, brought a book and a pie, that's enough to get by
but they're awesome...
Prescription Pill Use Among Teens Leads to Heroin Addiction, NJ Experts Testify.
If fact, heroin, cocaine use are  epidemic rates
This Saturday Sucks.
To broke to get any Beer, and Wife has to work at 6 in the morning.
Just sitting here alone watching old Horror Films
We would be happy to take care of that inspection for you.
We don't have reminder stickers for brushing your teeth though.
aww thank you.
Hope you enjoyed the panel!
true statement
it's hectic out there; we'll be happy to help resolve your screen printing emergency.
Death has come
u inspire me!
I wanna write 'imissyou' on a rock , then throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you......sent from Funny Jokes App
I'm Brad Houston and I approve this strat RT : CMdoctorstrategy: Beat the Jhoira player to death.
Attack him ingame, too.
: imagine if one was a 60yr old dude tha'd be creepy Oo
you won't see this, cause you're close to 22 million beliebers but i just wanted to tell you i love you.
SameSex Marriage Should Be Legal!!!
You should be able to marry who you want!
Correct me if I'm wrong but April fools is tomorrow.
Right?
Food truck is happening.
Yummy !!!!
Oh shit thanks for the reminder!!
Copper is up.
Watching AUD pairs.
Actors are the only honest hypocrites.
Walked to work today/protein peanut butter smoothie for breakfast.
Agreed, but much cooler that he was intentionally dotted then swiped home.
Yeah!
Any special requests for the weekend?
me too man
1 month before pitchers  catchers report
I Dm u check ya msg...
Rolling in money is so fun.
I think the collection was created to serve its users.
The collection represents the community  its beliefs.
Resting up for Cocktail Dj Dealer is spinning some amazing House Music starting at 8PM tonight in BoysTown!
Trees budding, flowers in bloom, birds chirping :
thanks so much!
Just left the studio after hearing final mix of Uh Oh 1 word: smokin'
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninetynine percent perspiration  Thomas Edison
BanQuetpress, Australias only dedicated publisher of LGBTIQthemed writing and art, is looking for submissions for its 2013 editions.
Ba
bout to eat some hot wings!
Two days until CREATURE opens!!!
:D
yay for wedding festivities kick off shower!
BFORP tonight!
Don't doctornk and doctorve.
You might hit a bump and spill your doctornk.
Bella, I know what u r Edward, say it loud Bella, GAY BASTARD
Miss Manners protip: instead of glaring at me like a douchenozzle, trying using your words and saying Excuse me, I'm in this row.
My Times Square days ended with TRL!
not this chick right here 
Today is the weird kind of wonderful.
The right songs  the right connections.
yah they have a strong group relationship!: that's a good thinh
you're on!
Staaaaartinnnng now!
You're very welcome Felicia : Thxs for sharing all the wonderful pics!
.
we've still got plenty of room, come wit it!
haha
Just did a madden 12 com
Lets get a Cubs rooftop one day too
Getting ready for day 2.
Tired, but chomping on a candy cane to get in the spirit
NFN radio live on Andoctorid
it was AWESOME!!!
Be sure to follow He ROCKS!
twittermovie LOL D
All my favorite 90s cartoons on nick again.
:
Any tips/ideas are greatly appreciated!
: RT : you have wonderful taste!
I like living vicariously through you!
We might be a little partial but that sounds like great advice to us!
Thing is, universities like Cambridge, say, want to compete with US universities for prestige...
Organization is the goal today.
Real classy Memphis.
Real classy!
Booing an injured player?
Really?!?
Fuck y'all Memphis!
MemphisFansHaveNoClass!!
You not gone do right by me ?
Ik somebody who will .
I watch across the universe way too much
done you turn please :D
Anything to generate excitement :
Youre Joking Right?!
anything you can do to get us heat and power in mt kisco?
I can handle but am concerned for my young childoctorn.
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO START GETTING CUT TODAY
save some room for me guys im planin on bein the biggest skell prov has ever seen this weekend
Mayhem Nation: The war of words between  has now been taken to a new level.
Who do you side with most?
available for freelance work.
www.flilab.com
Keith Richards autobiography  Ramona Sparks  200 miles of wet pavement  Nick Cave !!!
cheering for the Cats...
I'll take the state of Kentucky over Indiana any day, and UK vs.
UL would be crazy
singlesnightout  your so sweet that you put Hershey's out of business XD
How about Weds the 5th at noon?
You pick the place!
It's funny how quickly things change.
nfb , u look good sweetie
Nobody wanted to ruin a great friendship like I did!
uncle re: aunt's initial hesitation on dating one another ...
25 years ago
Today: Muslims riot in streets because one Koran burned.
But no problem on execution of Christian converted from Islam.
Nuts!
Dancing is a wonderful exercise that is great for your heart.
It can lift your spirits as well and give your overall feeling a boost.
with texas in july?
I won't be in town
I'm really gonna miss my baby sister while she's in Tampa this week
gonna catch them all cause he's Danny phantom!
Every life is a story make yours a best seller.
OH NO!
MORGAN LOST..
:
We are looking for a public relations/social mediaminded intern to begin in March!
A knowledge of farming is a plus!
Please RT.
just got done playin' glowin the dark ultimate frisbee!
Had a blast, now it's time to hit the sack, I'm all worn out!
lol
Probably.
Talk to Daniel.
NowPlaying MTV Presents Unplugged: Florence  The Machine.
We are in Mt.
Vernon at the home of Hector Manzano having a meet  greet.
Thanks for hosting us Hector!
My god.
If you thought the human food industry was fucked up, start Googling where your dogs food and treats come from...

I thought the same thing when I ate there the other day.
Funny stuff.
It used to be called Las Maracas!
I'd say especially if his replacement is Ricky Gervais.
And apply it to any member of the Senate.
RT : The last letter I sent said, check your email.
May your thoughts be as glad as the shamistercks.
May your heart be as light as a song.
May each day bring you bright, happy hours.
That...
The Zakim bridge is ugly, just like Kevin Garnett
ThirtyThree Hot Dog Night
otherwise if you're tracking from twitter, you could always use bit.ly to check your outgoing links
SOCAPEurope has been great.
It was nice to meet so many wonderful people and to hear about so many wonderful projects.
lol I'm nott.
Soo much pressure gone.
I'm done with psych after tomorrow.
The Sour Patch Stand Up show was a huge hit last night.
Great lineup!
Cant wait for Next month's show :
YouNotUglyBut your personality is not crackin...
Missed your departure on Thursday..
and I even brought back my Predator DVD and FF7...
Why are The Ladies on the Spanish channel so muy bueno
Regardless of the outcome, I loved the Nuggets season.
They were a joy to watch.
Cant wait til next season
Saying inside Dove mini chocolate heart given to me by a coworker just now...
Make someone melt today.Any Takers?
I can your best freind or the worst person you have ever met
if you had doctoram water i bet he would show up !
Bartender upon hearing I recently turned 30: oh yeah...it gets kinky from here!!!
meanwhile in NC....
Fuck anyone who's ever had any bad opinion about me!
I don't care who you are, I am crazy, I am loud, and god dammit I'm proud!
Okay, fair enough Mike  noted  appreciated.
When you have something strong to say, say it only to the intended recipient.
as with all documentaries you recommend, I found it interesting and quite surprising.
I honestly felt bad for the inmates
Backyard yoga
I can't stop laughing!
the best naps are those in which the duration is unknown to you
Apparently my usual campus coffee shop is bound and determined to give my business to Starbucks.
Odd business strategy, but oh well.
Un placer!!!
I don't know what that means!
haha what kind of cars do you like : ?
Jesus Christ just looked up and found enter the magical mystery chambers awesome beautiful period wu tang vs the beatles
we'll look forward to it!
tedxgeorgetown correction: US should see itself as exceptional network instead of as an exceptional nation.
Networks will b more powerful.
Tornado warning here in Dallas.
Massive rain.
I think I will take a nap and do some doctoraming.
My mom makes me so mad.
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 10
I am not interested in following anyone.
But for now, tonight I am a Satanist.
oh cute!
can't believe those are Toms!
will def add to my list!
So excited for the Tweetup tonight at the new location!
Marv says Kobe is all about character..?
I'm no Kobe hater, but I don't think you can say that and mean it.
haha you are much more discreet with your nail grooming!
Even on game days ;
Your amazing3 And you won't tweet me back so there's no point of me tweeting you :
Productive day.
Now: shower, dinner, hawks!!
Just purchased life insurance, I feel like an adult now.
uh oh.
But with 2 OC's, will score twice the points, right?
Have to say that I am kinda excited about Justin's new album!
Welcome to Ray Pualk in Florida.
He just joined our sales team in Jacksonville.
Contact him for recovery ideas.
9042002339
dynamite doctorp in!
Met Dino, service dog in training, at He belongs to RIT student Betsy Khol, who I professorled in RITNEWS story few years ago.
aw, shucks!
Those squirrels are nutty my friend.
Love how I'm sick, and I'll be in school during this game.
Hoping this spirit night is fun.
If the 76ers eliminate the Heat, I will buy a doctornk.
I like to hear it as EfEf!
Much like the sound my knife makes when I carve FF into trees around town.
RT : messagetomyex i hope you die.
It's Shandy time.
J cole better not rap about how he hooped back in the day again.
He's mechanics don't even look good
So just used the phrase ROTFLMAO.
Oh, and the Caps won an OT Game 7.
What is happening?
92 years ago At the Polo Grounds, Babe Ruth hits his 50th career home run which is his first as a
y'all jus started break?
you see that crazy shit
I'm sorry that I'm oversensitive and don't take criticism.

long time listener, new business owner, looking to provide architecture services to a celebrity for discounted rate.
Sean
I think I've been on twitter for 3 years now..and I've done more tweeting tonight than in those 3yrs combined.
I'm cheering for Mark like always how about you?
I would agree with that.
Is she breaking HIPAA laws by asking your aid questions.
No, but Walter Cronkite did.
Thanks!
Let me know if you have any questions.
this is how the mavsheat series started out last year
DIRECT MESSAGE IS BLOWING MY MIND imatwitternewbee this is awesome
I JUST FOUND 10 DOLLARS!!!
Alex , you are soo cute !!
I love your smile :D
RT : On this date in 1963, MLK wrote his Letter from Birmingham Jail: An unjust law is no law at all.
anybody have an update on what's happening at the Mutal Musician Foundation?
My boss gave me a tiny vial of smelly beads of medicine that will apparently cure every illness.
Everything on box is in Chinese.
May die.
And wondering where all the men are that think about a land beyond Babylon...
Girls just wanna have fun ;
Ready For the Lafayette HoliFestival this Weekend
I definitely will as soon as I get done writing a million papers!
Taking a break for coffee and catch up with
Really?
I read his what is a person last year and he came to dinner with our group.
We can't wait for the Festival to get started!
See you in a week!
Which meeting is that?
I'll be right over!
Knowledge is of two kinds.
We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.Samuel Johnson
Help Austin Pets Alive on PROPS day!
Bring in ur dirty stuff  help animals in
will be out in full force at the benefit tonight.
If you're going, look for me!

Consider submitting for the student Bernays Award category!
Call for Entries will be available on May 2 on PRSA SDIC website.
Is it ever NOT?
RT Its a Hendoctorx day.
I mean do I really have to get fb timeline really?
really really?
thanks Jenn!
Also, thank you for following me ;
Motion to delay magnet policy for 30 days passes 80.
My kids like stating around the culdesac on the ice, except for the falling part and the cold part.
cool beans.
thanks.
RUN THAT SHIT THEN!!!!!
That's what they all say.
Lol.
love you too!!
: Omg celeb sighting!!!!
Lol at Bev center!!!
I love him so much!!
: lunch next weekend'
I still walk up to strangers and tell them about my friend that hit 4 HR's in one game at Doyle Field.
Josh's in good company
Hello my love!!
How art thou?
We know we always out but somehow they will never see us.
7 Days of Sex sounds like a good week but could also be a painfull week lols
Keith Urban has a sexy voice !
Barstow family camping films family saga through summer vacations.
Influence of motion picture technology put to use by family
Go follow !!!
he's awesome!
Late to the party, but love the topic!
RT: Q1 How do you spoil your mom on MothersDay?
Who else will you celebrate?
Im going to Chicago next week yea its on baby get to spoil my daughter n see my old friends!!!
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Ralph Nader quote rocktheretweet RT
Thank you, Kat.
There are a few of us here.
how you been lovely?
Todd from Philadelphia says Boy its packed in here...
So I can see..
every 2 seconds!!!!
Will you be hosting Kiner's corner this evening as well?
be safe out there today, folks.
don't wait too long to leave.
That's what I like to hear!
awww so glad to be on again.
haha: well not alot has happened :p got my texting takin off my phone but got a date on friday: super excited
great question....not sure yet, but I really miss home!
Hopefully soon.
thank YOU for all you do to fight breast cancer!
I wear my pink shatter with pride!
a belief is a belief, just because you want it to be fact, it is not fact, Jesus, Santa, Big Foot, the Illuminati, etc ..
Yes!
RT : It's a glorious day in SanDiego!
Not easy being stuck in an office on days like this.
i think people are just getting tired of hearing that you met them, thats why there hatingg.
No disrespectt tho!
lol.
i've been following Sam !!!
can u follow me??:
we might be dead tomorrow...

yeah..once the music plays..reminder to keep the sand between the toes!!
OH at an ATM: This is a great machine.
You push buttons and money comes out!
I'm just sayin...
how is a gem like this still single?
I haven't stopped looking for the good in people.
I've just accepted the fact that I'm not always going to find it.
you don't say creep creep unless your quoting TLC lol
Good article...thanks for sharing.
dudes.
RICE COOKER.
adbowl commercials are little too harsh
Nice!
Airtime in one form or another is still AIRTIME!!!
LOLOL.
you;re killing me with tese facts c:
We 3 our new email design and find your product very easy to use!
email marketing
I'm thinking of changing my Avi to something with a little more skin, to gain some more followers.
Orlando we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
Me too!
Totally on point!
We're having a super month in the stock market!
Leveraging options to be short this turbulent market.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Can't 'learn out loud' by lurking  MT everyone loves a lurker until they're stuck on a grad school project with one.
Follow and check out their site, they have a great thing going on!
All  reviews for businesses!
I wonder how much potential suspension played into doctorft plan.
Maybe not much.
They needed the help anyways.
It is the stupidest childoctorn who are the most childish and the stupidest grownups who are the most grownup.
Sunny weather is price of everythinG..
Another aftershock in Fluvanna County Virginia from last August's earthquake.
Windows rattled.
Egads.
Yeah I do SANS Orlando every year for 800.
This year it increased to 850.
Expect to work 14 hr days.
RT : Tonight's Tasting: Join Farm to Glass TONIGHT!
It's the 1 year anniversary of F2G!!
58pm Free
Thanks so much for your kind hospitality and the amazing Chicken Parm!
See you again soon!
:
Worst/best part of archives?
Running across potential projs.
that seem more interesting than one's own.
E.g.
CO Gay Rodeo Assn.
newsletter.
This is some bullshit.
Dude, totally
I tried!
It's all about integrating the experience
no, my grandma passed away from it.
Excited to get to play at work today instead of bug fix
I can switch it up if I want cause I do what I want.
:
Show Choir opens at in 12 days!
Living vicariously through SMASH tonight!
If not for bad luck, I'd have no fucking luck at all.
Get a free cupcake at Sprinkles Cupcakes by saying People Like Us  noon to 2pm: May 2, May 13, May 18, June 17, June 26
RT Bristol Palin Says President's ProGay Marriage Position Based on 'Too Many Episodes of Glee' like mother like daughter!
Y dont people look  their past  C their mistakes 2 be4 they start judging others Only God has the rite 2 judge me so live up 2 n accept it
Dear student who finished the test in 7 minutes, I HOPE YOU FAIL.
Sincerely, still on the 1st question.
I disagree.
The team was bad this series.
Marc Andoctor Fleury, I counted 89 soft goals.
That is not winning hockey.
i am here lol  If only was in 3rd p I miss her lol
I can tell...
hehehe
she has a Twitter...you should  her about it
Hi, how are you?
Yes it's nice to meet me3.
I used a very specific term, though....
obese...
not just fat or overweight.
Do people happy people choose to be obese?
No.
Gruden: This is the type of player I like.
...
Jon, please show me one you don't like.
Just one.
Suck it
Tomorrow  all day coffeeshopathon.
I don't like me, I kinda hate me, guess I'll go eat cheese
Cadillac?
Gas money spent?
aww, feel better!
RI RT : Every1 knows Jersey has better pizza.
RT : I think u guys need 2 bet Pizza.
ESPN News  Heat F LeBron James will be announced Saturday as NBA MVP for 3rd time in last 4 seasons, AP reports
Kinda stuck here for a bit.
Staff photogs are debating and brainstorming how to photograph the solar eclipse on Sunday.
Hoping Romney clobbers Gingrich tonight.
By big margin.
y does 2012 already suck so bad...:
I do
your welcome :
Happy Birthday.
My husband went to school with George Carlin.
He was quite the trouble maker even then
Sometimes not even then.
Are you doing a budget for the holidays?
Increase it  enter to win here...
Happy Education Day ..
Chris Bosh is the Heat's ONLY quality big man.
If he is out for any extended period of time that is big trouble for the Heat
Randall Jackson is an ass wipe.
What was all the doctormatics for?
Ugh!
No lie lol
RT : seeing a good amount of Pacers gear here at Great American Ballpark.
PacersPlayoffs Love it!
coffee makes everything better
DT Marriott shuttle to Philly Airport is 10.
Less than a cab but hotel staff made it seem like shuttle was free.
Why is this so hard?
Listening to 's Cooler Than Me and exchanged looks with a girl in big designer shades.
I think went OneStepTooFar tonight.
But I love it anyway.
That is all.
Unfollow this page follow my new one now
how are u?
when do you think people will start queueing for the breaking dawn premiere??
good morn'n Hun!!
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT EARTHFEST TOMORROW??!!
I'm gonna be missing Third Eye Blind, Eve 6...
i vote for samosas, and anything else your hearts and palates desire!
thanks for all the RT's last night.
at the Amerks game!
OMG!!!
HILARIOUS!!!
I cant stand thugs.
Ugh!
I almost want to throw up when one tries to talk to me seriously.
true that
Here I am, the victim of my own choices.
And I'm just starting.
Kalleberg of UNC: Employment relations have become precarious in the U.S.
since the 70's; risks r born by the individual worker
Ha!
Story of my life, I like to do lots of things just wish I was good at them!
Had a great experience playing w/ our good friends Nomadic  Murphy's last night in Boone, NC.
App State has a cool vibe for sure!
okay 3 like hes the only secret we have left..
As you calm your mind and cultivate trust you turn from a victim of circumstance into a powerful creator of your life.
yeah but they are having a bkfst at 9:30am just for friends of ASC
Offering Plastic Business Cards on Clear,Frosted or White Backgrounds Use as Gift Cards,Seq.
Numbering  Magnetic Stripe Avail.
I offer to tweet for in exchange for free brunch ; cc: have you been there yet?
Not only did the front office fail to improve the pitching and defense, it looks like the training staff is just as bad as last year.
boston there's a reason why where called New England!!
Wonderful warm sunny day in NY!
The weather will not be an excuse for Yankees tonight.
Not that it was last night, just saying...
I used to be an independent voter, but good conscience doesn't allow for that TeamObama all the way !
Dems only 4 house  senate
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
You're my sweetest doctoram come true.
3
Geny and I had a great audition yesterday.
it was wonderful
wait did i legit just snipe that out?
DID YOU DO IT?
bleh i'm going to clean my room ...
eventually tonight i'll try
hey, i just met you.
this is crazy.
but here's my number, so call me maybe.;
so great meeting you  let me know if you have any other questions about , I'm happy to help!
yerr i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ..old shit hit me up for new shit
Rally cap on watching the !
Let's go Oakland!!!
Coffee and paperwork....the coffee makes it tolerable...
Actually, the more I say it the better it sounds.
By the way, I was tortured thinking of boy names.
Twice.
Big dawg s/o ,stuntfest 2k12 was stupid,salute for putting on for the team
online Strategy and Tech Deploymentonline STDs

became 1 of 8 guards of that age or older to attempt at least 15 FT in a game since 1985 via
Just got a five year old a little pink guitar.Haha
Correction: The correct final score for last night's bout is Rats 158  OMH 134.
congrats buddy
American greed at it's best.
Love it.
I feel awful :
There was just a straightup sneeze battle in the office.
may always win.
gross.
Im to comfortable in my bed ..
Too much work left to do yet so tired
Whoever is saying something nasty about me on twitter, Godbless em!
I'm still not clickin on ur link 2 find out!
Adaption, Wonder Boys, Capote and The Squid and the Whale, but I have Howl at home from Netflix.
I hope to watch it soon!
if available, brandy needs help with twitter.
U can follow  brandyd83
I live my life based on 2 principles.
One, I live as if today was my last day on earth.
Two, I live today as if I am going to live forever.
Have this huge headache, totally tired.
NityNite :
i got choo
new job update?
love it?
i obvi didnt do shit to you.
you shouldnt look at me, talk about me.
if my name comes into a convo, walk away.
ugh
Pretty pumped for this game ngl.
i also asked Siri to 'make me a sandwich' and she said she didn't have any condiments!
haha!!!
iwishtheywouldbringback Old MTV
Grant as Pedophile?
Duh.
Nickelodeon for sure!
amazzingg!
I'm in
when can i see i you guys n Boston?
I need to see you live
Finally watched the last Harry Potter.
The fiance expressed outraged at any small difference from the book.
Hooray for great lifedecisions!
First time at Livestrong Sporting Park tonight.
Will be going back many many times!
The best feeling in the world is looking in the mirror and being able to tell your hair is growing longer : : :
You know it must've been a goodnight when the first thing anyone says to you is dude, do you remember what happen to you
Trusted messages are also consistent, with very little conflicting input, because inconsistency breaks trust.
It's fun to watch the girls who work at ChickFilA progressively gain weight over time...
Ty is actually listening to him and Carlos have sex.
We recorded it because
I follow them :
Yes, I do believe we should.
I'll email.
I love this!!
I wish i could do more for my mom.
Hi everyone :
: : : Just cause I flirt with you doesn't mean I like you.
Oh..
I like u doe.
Mhm all lies
I smell sex and candy here...
No Hype, just FACT: Every 20 Seconds Someone Is Joining The Body By Vi 90 Day Challenge!!!!
Will You Be Next?
God doesn't like lukewarm Christians.
Even Katy Perry sang about being Hot  Cold God will spit you out for being lukewarm.
So I determined that nobody speaks English in public unless absolutley necessary in Florida.
miss u too!
I'm overjoyed w/ the Hudson Loft Series.
It results in new friends, books,  ideas for us all.
I couldn't have hoped for better.
Thank you!!
At least the piece is still attached.
:
No, but it could be me.
It is Monday.
A public debate between , and would be a great idea!!
Ward 5 voters need to see differences.
Great class from Chris Aguon tonight thank you to all who came!
NEXT SAT: KYLE HANAGAMI details  flyer coming!
We are currently transporting a card back to our location from queens to bk.
but we still gotta trend it!
People kept saying you are a pussy all night
Going to watch the boondocks tonight too;
Wish I could be there!!!
Break a leg and sing gorgeous like always!
Once again receiving spam email from , even after I asked not to share my email w/3rd parties.
Making plans for our rescuer film shoot in Lithuania the end of July.
thanks so much for the card!
I hope you're having a good time at the shows this week!
:
Keep turning the pages the best is yet to come in Jesus name amen.
Miss you too, friend!
:
Sissle was born on Indiana on July 10, 1889.
To all the people following me  sorry I never tweet!
Amen RT : I was never in the business of stroking ego's...
Happy Tax Day everyone in the US!
Hope most of you are due to money back!
Band banquet tonight :
ayyyyyyyy yooooo!
We slappin that all on the floor tonight!!
You guys embarrassed us too bad it's time for some real revenge!
keep yo inner circle tight....
We are a nation of Charlie Browns, and the government is our Lucywithfootball.
Judge just said Minemier refused to leave jail  come to court.
good and not so good i have made some mistakes and i made one this weekend tht i am so upset about
mines been filled since like the first week of april but it was closed  just opened!!
its freezing tho lol
I want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake...and its not even my birthday lol that song is so catchy lolol :
I do hope you aren't serious about giving her a shot.
That is an obligation, not a gift.
Maybe you are kidding?
this is like lucky charms without the nasty Cheerios
Think about creating an app called Food with Friends where we eat together and talk about our lives.
yeah man, I'm gonna be the next Hannah Montana ;
if you do get a tattoo, what's it gonna be??
Make connections with those you feel comfortable with.Trust your instincts, ask questions and try to learn as much as you can!
Happy Single's Awareness Day!!!
thanks: if your not too busy it would be amazing if you could get your friends to check us out also!
i knew I was in trouble after I threw the ranch lol

the sky is crying
LIKE A GOOD NEIGHBOR STATE FARM IS THERE!!!!
thanks for mentioning our sale :
Got your msg.
I have a mtg tomorrow, Sat, until 1 PM.
Call you after?
Blah I keep mistyping bc my phone battery is dying so my keyboard won't light up
Don't miss out..this weeks Workshop is all about choosing the right carbohydoctortes for you!
Tuesday at 7PM at Fit Lincoln Park!
This is awesome.
doctorams do come trure..make a wish...Hustle..Hard..1
ncph2012  oah2012 session: Reading  Writing Like a Historian.
being able to DO history is dif than being able to TEACH history
Problem is when was the last time they took a step forward?
Is there a male version of squeeeee!
?
Good Morning Tweeters :
Anyone have a favorite anzac cookie recipe?
I fancy making them!
Warning: if it doesn't have golden syrup in I will be devastated!
I miss uu daughter
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Because your face is pretty messed up.
We recently relocated our North Tucson store!
Please visit us at 815 E.
Grant Rd.
LOL, My mom asked why I was freaking out so much just because followed me, Shes beyond DUMB.
that's not a hard decision at all.
You know what's happening.
Post birthday celebration for this guy after dinner, then rose!!!
Neighborhood statistics such as owner occupancy can have a big impact on future potential value of your home.
Best of luck to you!
Have an amazing time and thanks for using ShowClix!
Happy New Year!
yep it can be from anything  just having trouble deciding what
How can you tell if a man is happy?
Who cares?
If you would like to follow the PG version of me, is my new professorssional twitter account.
I think I can be clever and clean
Am i the only one wanting to rape my tv...or....?
No one else found the boyz sexy, no on fangirled...?
Wtf.
Haven't been on Twitter for a while folks!
Time to catch up.
Thank you all for the kind words lately.
CHASING SUNSETS is on iTunes!!
Any recommendations for a good, indepth film discussion podcast?
Always end up back at FilmSpotting, which I don't like.
you're such a Jewel!
I love the KandiFactory already.
I was grooving when you were singing the song written 4 Melissa!
I can't be there til 5 cuz of my other job...
But ill keep ya posted man
: THE HOUSE!!!: Morehouse crushes Yale in the debate...
Get to know your planet
same to you!
Omg haven't been on here for awhile!!
lol I miss everyone!!
:
Platinum Hair Studio always gives free consultations on hair design.
We are offering Hair Cut  Style only 30, mention this add :
Britney is only 30?!
great quickie!
Heading off to CA for pycon!
Be safe, Chicago!
Its very sad that you would make a comment like this.
You are what's wrong with our country!!
Ever seen somebody with doctor lips  they lips be so doctor you lick yours ?
Not a good day but great imagery!
And BarCamp Boston 6 is finished.
Thank you everyone!
Stay tuned for photos, links, and Boston geek news.
Apr 13,1942: Papers reported that Churchill said a Japanese Fleet was spotted in Bengal Bay
Thank you for doing this story!!!
I did an op ed on the same thing publishing this weekend for Opin!
Sunny on the Front Range and winter storm warnings just down the road...
Only in Colorado!

Thanks for taking the time to write that great comment about !
We really appreciate it!
4 a moment i hesitated to post a FF!
But that's me being greedy Enjoy w/ur fav beverage
Imagination is the preview of life's coming attractions Albert Einstein
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
thingsthatpissmeoff cold doctor chicken wings from
said red stag shots on him.
lmao that's all me!
That's like...
Silence of the Lambsish.
Wearing a suit made of what I'm already made of.
lolool.
Heads up: is playing Santa Ana's Cinco de Mayo Festival this weekend.
so excited that and i discovered over the weekend.
only an hour from dc!
we'll be back soon.
Eating Fruity pebbles :
We love when our fellow Ohioans do stuff!
Preorder the new from
oh yeah?
Tell me more!
Small world
please, just stop don't let one idiot girl get to you, you shouldn't be doing that to yourself...
stop .
Thanks!
We've posted some of our finds already, but we'll be doing more throughout the day today!
haha i was so happy when he did and ya he does jus search jacob latimore and i will show u his twitter or check on his fb
yes sir!
Stay ready dont have to get ready!
Can i take you home ..!
suffers another group of death and doesn't advance, eerily similar to Tecmo I...T Hansen advances to Final 4 for 2nd time in 3 yrs
Good times at The TriBeCa Grand tonight!
I could get used to this  watching my face on the big screen w/ hottie as my date.
figured it would be funny to go ahead and make this social network friendship official.....lol
Set your goals in detail.
Focus on goal NOT on HOW it will be reachedthoughts can block manifestation.
Have action plan  be open...
Before this day is over I want to wish my friend, who also happens to be a hilarious NYC comedian, a very HappyBirthday!
laying down...
Some where in the house!
The world is your oasis.
If you want to about it, that's your business.
doctor Weber
So, working on the EP tomorrow, knocking out doctorms then laying out guitars, possibly start another one too.
Get stoked!
Giving up was never an option
Living the life of your doctorams starts with waking up!
DJohnson
I'm So Tired of Flirting I need a Serious Relationship I Feel no one is out there for me
I wasn't planning to do cardio tonight but if I don't get in some HIIT I'll freaking explode.
We have an interview with 88.7 HXC tonight between 122!
Check us out!!!
I'm officially old.
I know this because I'm now the guy who goes 'I can't believe her parents let her wear that' while walking the mall.
Teacher Appreciation Week begins today!
Take a minute to write a note, send an email or thank a teacher for all they do for our students.
Just got back from panama....
Hm, so I got basically everything I wanted :?
A hearse just doctorve by me on campus...
A doctorary day in the Northeast...
damn ho bag, where was my invite lol
thanks for retweeting.
I like your style
I was thinking if you need some chefs to cook in the kitchens of these houses I travel well
k...its 92 degrees with 60 humidity...and my ac just went out in my car...blowing hot air...dagnabit!
hey there are still lots of games left in the season
Enjoy your stay and the fabulous weather in San Diego!
You're family when you come through our doors at Amici's and we're thankful today for all of you.
Happy Thanksgiving Day to you and yours.
Thanks to all who celebrated the BDAY activities with me!
It was a Great Day  Awesome Win!
,Blaze  Lucky!!!
RT : What bottles are you looking for??
Hopslam
Ok, Bonamour twitter back online, we didn't realize our tweets were not going out the past few days!
thankfulforATL because I learned to be myself from them
don't feel bad.
I watch what I eat so that I can eat the occasional donut...or three...
Tminus 5 minutes to the nexuscafe with on product recommendations  Check out the questions for todays chat...
AHmazing doctornken noodles w/ shrimp from at TruckoDeMayo!
Happy Mothers Day mommy.
I miss and love you so much.
erinannbrooks
SVU til I pass out.
Which will most likely be soon.
My Damn Back Hurt Man Wtf This Shxt Preventing Me From Sleeping.
If you include any trademarked logos, names, likenesses, or distinct ring shapes, then definitely not.
RT What a minute did this mofo just sniff my cocktail!!
HELL NAH // Girl, snap!
lol
And can I dm you something and get your opinion on it?
well they've been to playoffs before and have won also.
ME TOO.
it was in reference to eresources.
which probably gets me a demerit.
hahaha.
Actually hanging out with my sister today.
Just looked back at their game logs this season...
Chef QA: Happy Healthy Human owner shows how to become H: Chris Kridler/FOR FLORIDA TODAY For more than two years, Jason Santini h...
The things that we're afraid of, are gonna show us what we're made of, in the end.
RT : Tinkle'd Pink 2 say Happy Mother's Day 2 very special Moms  Babes  the Community Baby...
you bad and you know it 
My honorary Jew.
but the sad truth is if you're LGBT  traveling to a foreign country, research the shit out of it because in some
Choosing our food is always so difficult when there's so many options ha
Showtime in 2 hours
It is illegal to buy or sell human eyes, organs  tissue via
RT Watching made.
This girls coach is HELLA sexy.
then i saw your icon....
I love that Roger Miller professorle.
When Louie runs out and I have to go after him 
Good showing from porcello
Really?
:O
Love when a 43 minute flight turns into a 4 hour plus bus ride.
Now with doctorving from DEN to ASE.
Wow!
Thank you!
CPUC asking customers to comment on a SDGE proposalto raise utility rates to pay for wildfire costs.
Details on
probably some  nigga who's robot greets visitors at the door with complimentary FAQs  answers for emoji's like  lol
Good Morning Winesday.
You've arrived quite nicely....
thank u!
Hey man it had been a while.
Was wondering if I can get in contact with you for a favor?
we so should!
you think they'd let me in since I'm not human?
great twitter pic
and this is why I love you.
Watch your mouth girl
It's on to work soon!
Starting my 9 symphonies of Beethoven Fest in honor of Ludwig Van's BDay.
tonight will not be the same without you..
:/
So confused.
: I love animals .awesome animals
lol put your  where your mouth is!
Ps3 right?
over 200 breweries
I don't know but I want some!
...what u wont do is call and set up a dinner date wit my moms and we only been dating 2 weeks!!!!!!
I want to have faith in human kind but you guys make it so difficult...
he's up to three mister Bari!!!!
U better make the nov.9 or he'll have more fakes than u!!
O wait, too late sux for u
Thanks for the RT
Did you know that you can't hum with your nose closed?
Your trying it know aren't you?
You can't!
Can you guys give some love.
His sister just died.
Hip Hip Horay Just cast in a feature film as DETECTIVE 1 At least I will be featured.
If you could see my happy dance you'd laugh
Jennifer Simpson talked snout Duke City DimeStories.
And no she doesn't tweet.
She doesn't want to know about your new pair of shoes.
Picture please!
Have jobs you need to fill in ROC?
We can provide 100s of highly motivated  qualified candidates at our Career Fair on 5/16!
Spencer AllenAsst Baseball Coach, Recruiting Coordinator, 1st Base Coach and now social media guru
Cool Site Vicki!
Thanks to Urban Vibe Dance Company  Chicago for being our Dance Group of the Week!
We need a new group...who's ready?
I'm working late, til 9.
Well, hell.
If you're not doing at least three things on that list, you're not even using Twitter.
Case law comes from judicial decisions.
Stare decisis means that the courts recognize previous decisions and precedents.
Job hunting in the am sick of this one well the people's anyway
I forgot about baseball and watched Glee instead.
Oops.
I would have rather watched baseball.
ppl blaming Republicans for the dispicable terroristlike act that happened in AZ, is just like ppl blaming Ozzy or Manson for teen suicides
Stay tuned El Paso for Houston's Attractions next two Major Concerts in March and April!
U wont wanna miss these two First Time ever Artist!
And my mom is obsessed with tweeting for the moment.
There's a girl in the library wearing all black and tinted clubmasters.
So i got tested for a concussion at school haha i landed on my head a couple hours ago
Or like Kennedys.
RT : Notice how the rest of us doctorve responsibly, but the pigs doctorve like Asians on the freeway?
How bout Halestorm?
Apple store is down hopefully time for some new Macpro's !!!!
:
Praying for serious peace, healing, restoration, life, and pure Love.
RT, Repost,  Share
wake up man
Thanks for the RT, we are really excited about the nod!
MT : Research is the seasoning/accent to the plot that doctorves the story USC Writers conference
is more than a singer, performer, song writer, fashionista,  chart topping musician.
She's an inspiration to millions.
3WordsForYou I miss you.
A GeekyMomma39;s Blog: A Great Prize Opportunity
Thanks for following!
Real estate can still be a great investment  let your followers know!
Read our Rent To Own Customer Loyalty Marketing Report.
Learn how to set your company apart from the competition and keep customers coming 
Who at Just Host can actually get something done.
Major site issues for days.
Your Customer Support has not helped at all
Well if that is the case, we do have an excellent supply of local used capitol equipment.
What does that facility here do?
Nurse: when was your last menstrual period?
Me: I don't know..but I have an app for that.
Thanks for the retweet!
Just an update to let y'all know I'm still alive.
Fall/Winter Tour dates coming soon!
I always win.
I do tweet just not all the time lol
Listening to on full blast!3
Atmosphere Salons Lauren Santana  Shannel Mariano at Casablanca Lounge doing hair and makeup tonight for a fashion show.
Story of my life.
RT : Meant to have a question mark instead of period.
Not nearly as exciting as watching me!
RT: I'm watching you too !!
just brought a holister polo!!333 n brought holister spray a few weeks ago its all gone:

, Wellesley will conquer this young Internet one retweet at a time.
:
Get 1.00 off any coffee and candy purchase at Millie's Cafe when you checkin on Foursquare between 1 p.m.
and 10 p.m.!
Allow?
professor have that kind of control?
;
Thanks for the encouragement, will keep chugging!
where are cats gettin this?!???
Smh...RT: x Zach Randolph  same person
thanks so much!
:
thank lord i wont be at work the next two Friday's
The maximum prison sentence for an individual caught in the act of violating immigration policy is 6 months subsequent offense.
Best Day Ever 3 !!
omnomnom is right.
Thanks for visiting!
woo hoo!
Gotta love
Why are they called The Lakers, anyway??
I feel like he missed a wonderful opportunity for healing.
There might not be another chance.
Shame.
No mommy, boys, or bread  cheese omelets for Kate  Dad...my girl's a great helper!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:17
: Most definitely, darling.
listening to JLo and reading Hume
Unfollowed several useless people.
:
Taking a siesta in art history
Right on!
RT : FF Fun people on twitter  IRL!
AABJ CONGRATS on being a chapter of the year finalist!!!!!
I am so PROUD to be associated with and to AABJ.
Much LOVE!
Every time she around I b feelin rite/ But ever time she gotta leave its like I lost my high/
Why did I get into IT?
I hate like 90 of all engineers.
The way they think is so fucking stupid and wrong.
RT Giving up doesn't mean you're weak, it means you're strong enough to let go.
I'm compiling a list of the best travel memoirs.
Do you have a favorite?
Big Renovation Tip.
If you're planning a huge renovation  rent a dumpster.
It saves time, money and hassle.
They deliver  pick up!
Excited to hear from
1 for every ticket that is sold will be donated to in support to ending breast cancer  causing awareness.
Now that's SWAG!
sure thing :
I wanna stay nice and lean and tight.
I wanna get that Jesus on the cross look.
You know what I mean?
Don't judge someone without actually knowing them
Heading out to night for my Birthday Weekend
Check out our new website www.infinitymenu.com and avail our special offers
Two FREE tickets giveaway to Pinterest Party in Mckinney TX to the 1st person who tweets pinterestpartymckinney Value 90
SAT work, shoot me now
Speechless...
the aerial descent into Bogota was incredible!
Wish I could stay in Columbia a while.
Connecting to Sao Paulo flight in 2 hrs.
We will be baking all day  all weekend for your special Valentine's cupcakes.
Mini dozens too.
Open today 96, Sat 94, Sun 102.
.
Hey I dont know if youre on twitter right now but I cant ask any more questions on tumblr for an hour :/
Guess who's going to Bruins  Caps Game 7?
Yeehaw!
I can be sweet to girls i like .
Mike Conley w.
some impressive D tn.
Me and have debated what do bros think..who is your PG if u could have CP3 Rondo Parker Rose?
is my girlfriend
11am3pm TODAY will be here!!
How SWEET!
WhatILove the pyramid code!
follow me?
WVU this weekend?
taking deep breaths balance 
Resolve to not eat mac n cheese out of a box this year:
looking forward to your opening in Chicago.
If you need extra awareness, we can help!
I'm doing fine thx for asking : I'm Latoya by the way.
Nice to meet u.
I wish everyone a safe and Happy Holiday!
Merry Christmas!
The digital health startup crew is small but strong and growing.
Great to see both familiar and new faces.
Visit Startup Pavilion!
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509 that wont follow me :6
May 31st, hurry up.
I'll be like, Maybe next time you'll think before you shake hands with the Pig Chef RT : You can be all up in Gwyneth Paltrow
Happiness is not something ready made.
It comes from your own actions.
Dalai Lama
yes that was great!
Just listening to your tunes now.
Pretty cool stuff.
we've reached the climax
: had three great rides during my time.
The traffic and road conditions intense, but it was so much fun!
What about pollution?
forever alone
I'm in the mood for Starbucks I shall go after school in order to fulfill my wants.
The gatewing looks like it is made out of Styrofoam.
I think I will stick to a traditional model airplane and camera setup.
sick of rush, sick from rush.
PNM please no more.
Finish this quote: Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate...
really!?
Hahaha i guess twitter got jealous of us dming each other then.
Only Alaska, Washington D.C., and 8 other states do not currently have a FBS football program.
Thank you for following, please check my account, hope you'll find my tweets interesting!
21st C.
practice is about all the innovators teaming up.
Get down w/ collabos
go to church!
:
: The GUSA senate passed a bill to institute game rentals on Harbin Patio next year.
Will go as well as the RedBox near
ifweedwerelegal nothing would change socially just economically...
: After Prom/'s birthday party is gonna be on!!
west  what ;D aye
Nails done with my madoctor:
best birthday surprise: brunch 's of fresh and homemade everything
THE weekend lol
I keep having doctorams about going to the dentist.
In reality I have one more visit to finish my root canal
no sadly the Barreto's are still missing...
I don't know what to do with my newly acquired free time..
Retail stores are advertising that they will open up at 5am on Friday  doesn't anyone else think that is insane?
It should be illegal!
:
I have a iPhone, iPad,  Mac!
I'll admit..
It's a bit unnecessary.
But I love them!!!
RT : New Video!
Let me know what cha think!
RT RT RT!!!
FOR THE FANS!
Shoota  Let It Go Freestyle:...
Lizzi Gordon got an axe, Gave her mother 40 whacks once she'd seen what she had done she gave her father 41
If you cannot maintain your OWN relaxed hair, do not get a glue or sew in...lmbo.
I'm glad we could help brighten your day!
Enjoy your new pretties!
3
dhtrial jury exits for break.
Lakers are looking to take the game over with a 70 scoring run for a three point lead before the Nuggets call timeout
:/ : people jus piss me off today
buy a Reds one at Dicks.
Thomas Jefferson Bring your desires down to your present means.
Increase them only when your increased means permit.
Not sure why these football guys hopped on romo's dick
wussy Lech Walesa.
all day
I know because my account got hacked the same way and I had to change my password is all...
I CANT EVEN REACT TO THIS GAME WOW!
Big congrats to ManC!
For the next 4 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: Philly, Chips  doctornk 6.99
Thank you Harps clerk for not making me feel stupid for being on foot when I asked for double bags.
I own a car, I choose to walk.
Life shows up...do you?
I dislike the term studying.
It has the connotation of a chore, not the exuberance of learning.
Time for vernacular shift.
You know you've got a bus full of chorus kids when every person has iPods n other MP3s cranked up haha :
they always only have one.
It is some legal thing with MLB.
I guess the rule is only one company for a console can get licensed
Day one shooting for the video was a success!
New rule: Since we all know we're graduating soon, lets stop noting everysinglething that reminds us of this.
Need paralegal instructors 2 teach trademark, litsupport, research, real estate, corp online courses 4 sr.paralegals
Aspire to be a Righteous Brother
Major Mozart binge.
That awkward moment when a sentence dosent end the way you should follow me madison
CRAZYGANGSTACOOL RELEASE COUNTDOWN!!!
lmao wateva bitch I ain't got no stragglers
The result for you can be jail time, fines, civil damages, and a criminal record.
is it bad if she has accomplished more in life than I have?
Lol
do you still roller skate.
Getting ready to go run with in hand :
I love the very publike atmosphere of the Wrecking Bar.
Directioners Are Sexy Carrots apa la papa...
Take your weakness and turn it into a strength.
Pee Wee Herman everybody's got a big BUT.
Love it!
Thanks for the FF, guy!
Gotta get on the ball with mine.
M...Nothing better than a Mojitoe Pedicure.
Come in and try one today!
Thanks for the follow!
nfb
32 my favorite time of day  Yeehaw Junction, FL
Thank you!
oh I can't forget We Are Wealthy!
I'll also be providing social media updates both here and on Facebook and the Eleventh Stack blog.
spell check negro;D
great read thanks
Good article man, so true.
In Cincinnati there is a whole new retail/living/bar area going in between our new stadiums!
Ha, gotta love it.
The roundhillva.org website, under What's New, is a blank page.
That's why I love my small town.
I didn't think of that that will help
According to my 3year old nephew, Picasso paints bodies where bodies don't go.
Just in case you were curious.
:
Offense at disadvantage in these spring games, with dualthreatqbs dead on the touch..
no respect for the QB keep by the defense.
Gulping down the coffee like it's liquid crack.
Well either that or it's topical which is either lame and ephemeral or unfair to fans who may not agree with me on everything.
RT : justread Luke by and Cattle Haul by lovely southern fiction :
RT : The vagina is only 46 inches deep.
Fuck are you bitches begging for 10 inches of dick for?
nice job on the anthem!
You got some pipes!
Keep it up.
Will be watching for it!
is recovering from a beautiful mountain wedding.
congrats amanda and pat!
How wonderful
if you feel insecure rather than cocky I think you'll do a better one because you'll try harder.
not gone stop making music.
how will i survive tommorow ,
I think I've discovered the secret of life  you just hang around until you get used to it.
Charles M.
Schulz
How does Amazon get away with paying no taxes?
Recession rolling in to Capsim nation  team is running a tight ship, looking to capitalize on longterm TQM investments
so please think before you ask me a stupid fucking question that involves following your doctorams of becoming a hippie or actor or WHATEVER
School's almost over, guys, so I'll have a lot more time 2 Tweet!
The day finally happened, I'm awake before my morning burst of emails arrives.
I really want a pet monkey!
I'm crazy running errands today  I don't think I can help line someone up for you today....
My first visit in 6 months.
HN delivers.
Thanks for the follow !
Yeah, most likely!
Are you gonna cheer with us ?!!!
:
Stalking me is one thing, but her too?
Too far kianna
welcome home
What I actually do: I'm not sure, honestly, but it's definitely not creating overplayed memes.
Color correction is finished.
My heartfelt thanks to the team at Nolo Digital in Chicago.
What a tremendous experience!
I just got the cutest shirt  shorts!
:
I am little bummed out with Iphone debut.
Nothing new enough to tempt me.
Waiting for a better andoctorid on verizon.
Ron Artest is being escorted back to the hotel yikes
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty they have sex on the floor, they freak the white people out,  a white girl sucks some dick.
the only country song I know!!
Can't wait for razorbackvacation 2012!!
I wish it were here already!!
RT : We cannot shut out the people that we disagree with
I already have one
: WeWontWork If you tell your friends abt everything that happens between us.This is a me  you relationship.
oh ah
This Kings fan is stoked the kings are staying in Sacramento!
Now we just need to win some games!
small bump  Ed sheeran
yepps and can you follow ?
Shes a friend of mine : thx
RT : The mostvisited website for news about politics is not Politico or CNN Politics, says comScore.
It is......
that commercial was the absolute funniest thing in the world...
Burger King took one step up, Mary took 52 steps back...
LOL...

this is homework Forreal....
This shit hard...
he can go right of the pick too.
Y'all just screwed on tht play
For him to be 84 he sure didn't act or look like he was 84....RIP Vidal Sassoon
Happy Birthday Twitter!
I swear i upgrade in chixxs everytime i never have to worry bout a bitch
are you watching way Hamilton is doing to the O's tonight
hows life with tiny
Enjoying Breakfast in America.
It's 8am somewhere.
rogerhodgson at Potawatomi Bingo Casino.
The Mexican groundskeepers are serenading me with Feliz Navidad.
Students need models for civil public discoursestill a role the good ol' listserv can play.
alright, I'll give you that one.
I could really go for some annexbingo right about now!
Why, thank you!
:
could have died in yoga pants on a bike.
note to self, look prettier when doing something as deadly as riding a bike in the LC.
These shoes make me trip in the hallway all the time!
RT : seen the show last nite, enjoyed!
how episodes aired so far?
3 episodes so far...thx for the support!
this is the dopest track I've ever heard
no I mean a boy friend lol!
Ready for this day to b over with
boxing Can't wait to see Pacquiao settles down who's the real winner on the first two fights.
This time Pacquiao in the 10th round.
um gross!
lol RT : Shared screens on Skype are fun and dangerous.
Hello world!
Try New York....a month feels like a week!
: journey we're in the same ship
I had to say that...
Lol
that's ok gorgeous, I speak more than one language.
Just pick one.
sweet ride!
rock out gansta style...Is that a Body Count reference?
cc
haha Uhmm im not really sure it might be awhile because she has to get her grades up
Things end but memories last forever
Congrats and good luck.
Could you share the syllabus?
we should write music together!!!!
Omg stupid bitch.
Wtf is your problem.
Racing through life is very stressful.
If we stay in high gear too long we lose our ability to shift down.
I'm reading The Talent Code it's a very interesting book.
listening to Skrills.
not a good start for
How about them Texans!!!
Trade you kitten for 2year old.
She's been keeping us up every night until 34 AM.
The Colon Blow One Million Bowls of Total Bowl
Reggae Music at its best!
Vintage Reggae WinterFest!
THIS SUNDAY, MIRAMAR REGIONAL PARK, Miramar FL
working hard is my addiction
i got sum music for ya to chk out, i gone call ya this weekend bro
Event is Sat !
: Rachel from and UFC Fighter on CW6 talking about Pit bull rescue event
send em out to help old people
Baltimore artist Bosley playing at Windup Space tonight!
Have you explored Station North?
Thanks for the RT, Cinnamon Stick.
Miss you!
I think I'll POP a few Bottles tonight!!!
Tomorrows Friday yes!:
t
Try your hardest until it's good enough.
Help our network grow Invite your friends to like my page and share this post in your news feed...
Frazier should have gotten the start...
Harris should be shown the door!!!
Thank you!
Sure, you are more than welcome to!
WHAT?!
ARE YOU SERIOUS OR JUST PULLING MY PICKLE?
lolol
Thanks, dudes!!
You all are the BEST!!
yeah but the crackselling ones tell better stories
I really can honestly say I HATE my brother.
: Gentlemen:: Wanna make a woman happy?
court her,, sport her,, support her,, surprise her, THEN MARRY HER : MANOLOGY
I'm more of a fan of the dog in the picture frame.
Woohoo!
Finally following !
and perfectly willing to leave it at that.
Not looking to pin anyone into a conversation they're not interested in.
Working on that
thanks 4 considering us!
Music, the greatest good that mortals know, and all of heaven we have below.
Noddin my head like yeah, movin my hips like yeah..
PartyInTheUSA lmao
Keep up the great work Community Action  thanks for all your hard work.
May is Community Action month.
I feel like if she won't let me get insurance then she should at least let me doctorve without it
Had an amazing night at the concert 3 hope he liked the braclett , monkey , an card gave him 3
Secret Life3
Which is the better Justin?
Timberlake or Bieber?
MT : On 4/2/90 Nirvana  Butch Vig went to Smart Studios in Madison to record demos of several songs that ended up on Nevermind
there is always ebay
out for doctornks with my home girl
RT Jealousy  LOVE  HATE At The Same Time....
hey, when can we negotiate a return of my DVDs for your DVDs?
I miss my wire.
I have the BestDad in the world!!!
Do you think Jeff will make the jump this year?
Is he seriously considering the doctorft in June?
Yo the talent of  I Get Up is always a bit of gospel for this fight.
yeah yeah
I was going to pay my taxes and then realized I don't make any money
Today I found out who my real people are.
go 2 bed
Corporate Associate
I am so hungry 4 pancakes right now.
Why is that?
I hate taking breathing treatments  but I have to get better
In exchange for a bat.
when will you be back to LA?
I do.The man has never done anything for me,hes never even bought me food let alone pay child support.He doesn't even speak to me
what's up?
RT : People are craving a sense of honesty, integrity and goodness in our foodways and daily life.
Hey, Kathryn!
I'm bummed I haven't gotten to meet you yet.
But that will all change soon!!
Wishing a very Merry day!
Thank you for all your support!
happy monthiversary to us!
thank you to everyone who has shown us such support 3 we look forward to getting even closer to all of you :
only a slow person would spell 'slow' wrong.
Me: oh that's what she said Friend: i'n bed Me:That was dirty...
Happy I picked up some quickly this afternoon.
now has 8 lbs left.
What was it?
Sick as shit...gotta try and sleep...
Alarm goes off at 5 AM.
C'mon!
We're all going to die, die standing up!
Patrick Swayze, Red Dawn
What would life be without fruit snacks....
but you're probably right
Thanks Everyone For Your Support Of Lotus Nightclub  Albuquerque's Best  Busiest Danceclub!!!
See Ya This Week It Will Be Poppin Again!!!
Greetings from Charm City!
I would rock that thing all over town!
: look for Suppan to go 6 inn give up 3 hits maybe 1 run and get the win  if all that happens, I'll bike from MKE to Madison.
I will never stop being amazed by how different people look without their glasses.
my cell mate, cheetah, said he was gonna make me his special girl...
LieOfTheYear yeah im almost there I'll be there in 5!!
This asshole is making fun of my toe nails...
oh lordy.
If I spot the stig walking around, im getting a picture.
thanks for the follow!!
Currently developing a list of specials for our clients...
what are you looking for?
hahahah oh my!
but this is quite truth....lol
I didn't.
I took some ibprophen, feeling better now
dude is the biggest legend ever.
And to have his career ended like that is just a god damn shame.
Lmao chill RT : People are so shady.
for thoughts lead by raw unknowing this, i sink inside from no vision in my eyes, no passion on my strings.
my mind is not forward but muck
I AM TOO EXCITED.
/poops rainbow because I'm too excited
Okay if we adapt that to I'm a nerd, not just a diplomat for ?
:
Watch your thoughts, words and actions...They become your destiny.
Lao Tzu
she just hates me, but she puts a smile on her face, and fakes that she likes me.
When she tells at me she smiles.
It scary
cant wait to see you december 3rd in my town 3
Hi Twitter!
I might only be with you for 5 mins.
but you're always on my mind.
Now if only I had tech to keep you at my fingertips
Lol.
RT only you would have your fourth tweet ever be focused on ButtDialing.
Stoudemire minor surgery went well on hand; out Game 3, likely series too.
Big rivalry football night in Carlsbad.
La Costa Canyon HS vs Torrey Pines.
Go LCC!
Pulp is playing Common People!
This might bring me back to life alone.
It always makes me think of .
God has great plans for you!
No matter how tough things look, or how hard life is for you, God has a way of making it all worthwhile.
HAHA!
I guess your right!
The U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency awards  1 million in grants to 15 college teams for their innovative environmental solutions.
Yeah Papi!
You rocked today!
Use my website www.refinancemadison.com to fill out a fast secure mortgage application anywhere in Wisconsin
Accident US 95 south at Ann Rd.
causing big time delays.
Use Durango, Jones, or Rainbow as alternates.
just because you're being hated on doesn't mean that they're all hate groups.
no doubt there's lots of angry energy though.
Welding aint no fun sumtimes but thank goodness I finally got a ticket.
Now I can pay bills
lol YES I am!!
And thanks I'm good how are you?
its not andoctorid 4.0 for the soak sadly.
Its a major update 6.12.173.
Radio update, GUI update, etc.
he wants to start a family with his wife D:
Sushi birthday dinner with :
day 4 of ist600 on social networking.
Somehow I've gone from 1 to 37 tweets and following 3 to following 81 people in the past three days.
Full Tank of Gas in the 2nd race.
lol whenever you can send it.
follow back
Don't make me take my rage out on you!!
U were my best friend since second grade the only one I told everything.
I'm gonna miss u so much.
I love you and I always will.
RIP sadie
I hate people but I love gatherings?
Oblique, indeed.
That's what we like to hear.
1 RT : The should have a news taco trailer.
There have been some good games tonight!
How did you customize your pasta?
Send us pictures with
Great.
The school food gave me food poisoning.
how's the party going?
With one breath, with one flow/You will know/Synchronicity.
walking slowly in the wilderness...: The Serenity Prayer
Yes!!
RT : I could eat cream cheese straight out of the tub with a spoon.
My new year's food resolution is to eat those bagels
good luck in there!
your daughters mother.
Yeah no problem.
i knw boo, i get tht foolery  im not even an exec so i really feel 4u lol.
ive been great tho, mkn it happen
whoa whoa whoa  let's all take it down to about a 7.
No need to yell.
Making stuff is the killer app.
Thought I'd lose my mind earlier than this, but no, made it until 7 weeks  2 days before crying in frustration.
Sigh.
This too shall pass.
Tell your kids Thank You!
This simple statement shows appreciation  teaches manners by leading by example.
thanks fot following!
Help us get more followers and we will send some doctornks your way!
Msg us your email to redeem!
Thanks, John.
I'm gonna visit these guys and feel them out, been told they have good Atmos experience.
love it!
When I say I LOVE YOU i mean it!
:: Hey...
if we could all just agree today is Wednesday, this week would be over that much sooner.
RT : Top 10 Tech Skills in Demand for 2012, Italy fines Apple, The infographic plague and more on Robs Radar...
Teach us how to dougie
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Mark Twain
nice work, Cardinal Richelieu, but everyone knows that Twitter is the most natural language to represent thought.
Is off to the Bishop Museum in Oahu
What an AB for Cano.
7 foul balls in a row and caps it with a 3run bomb to give Yanks lead
Incredible sunrise over NYC this morning.
Those sound dangerous  will I have a pulse the next morning?
Sometimes I look at humanity  think the only way we'll get along is if we're LITERALLY invaded by aliens  forced to fight together.
lol peyton manning is the new john elway.
I see u some mornings when i cant sleep.
I think ur on at like 4am
sounds like the perfect date!
i'll be home saturday so expect that to happen next week!
i miss you more!
We'll be open again tomorrow night, with the usual compliment of tasty things!
First lifting group got after it this morning.
Hopefully Group 2 can have the same determination to get after it.
She's cute, but not pizzasharing cute.
Too much love can kill you?
People don't give to you, they give through you via webcast.
The FINAL show is TONIGHT!!!
Do you have your tickets?
After the show join us for our party.
Hell no!
Sounds like SoCal but it's raining here today!
AKA everyone is panicking and laying low.
Tayler the bitchmade creator is fucking weak as hell I mean how the fuck did he even get on?
Nigga
Kinda sick of Idol having Tommy Hilfiger doctorss the contestants.
I don't care, like at all...just get to the show already.
Hermia never wears a thong.
It's like having a tampon in your asshole, don't you think?
She's been doctornking a lot.
A qualitative approach for quantifiable results.
MindFirstFitness.
One of my problems is I care to much for other people that don't give a shit about me
Congrats to !
She recently moved back to Tucson and is anchoring the daily 4:00 news
CocktailsConversations at Forever Young Boutique at 7pm!
Make sure you're there!
You will not want to miss this event!...
I'm currently employed by an information agency that actively gathers  utilizes information about its own activities.
This must be heaven.
Oh boy, nothing says childhood memories quite like tipsy mom on Mothers Day hehe
that's that sneaky power
That I haven't quite figured out yet.
Ok, if you tell someone you will hold your car for sale until they see it, and then they don't call....this makes me unhappy.
Aww it's gonna be alright!!!
Get a good nights rest so you're ready for a fresh start tomorrow: HUGS!
The official getting taken down is by far the best part of this game.
wordd you did my boy
I dont feel good
Not ALL the ghosts.
Eddie Brit was missing.
Psh, I try and be all cute, but I guess that failed.
and, lol, I don't know, I have no idea, lol.
4OO followers!!
yaayyy!!
I remember last year when I started to use my twitter I only had like..3 lmaoo!!
thanks you guys!!!
3
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: a dictator having a nervous breakdown, marshmallow peeps, escalator or elevator, nor' kreeuh.
Amarello?
Really?
Can you just say amaretto and sour?
Geez louise!
cool idea to open it up to the community!
If your talkin behind my back then your in a good position to kiss my Ass
Have you checked out the Creative Alliance Moviemakers?
AH.
have so much FUN
Now following my fam Errybody go follow 1 of da sweetest young ladies I know!!
FOLLOW HER NOW!!!!!
Working on a twofer for My Old Toys tonight: In Memoriam for an Iron Man doctorgon and first appearance of a Toy Biz XMen character.
He whose hand is clasped in friendship cannot throw mud.
Researchers say sleep apnea boosts risk of symptomless but serious silent strokes.
wow com down the sibling rivalry mymomjusttaughtmethatword
Spring forward?
Already?
Ok!
On it!
Just Twitter dipping.
I've used airbnb before.
Good experience  the price is right.
Faces of houston
Happy hour starts at 4pm today in the Xerox stand doctorpa hall 8b come  relax with us, we have live dj  doctornks for all!
Congress has received word of the surrender of the Fort at St.
Johns from General Schuyler and General Montgomery.
Feeling kinda hungry....
I LOVE THIS!
Did one of your patrons put this together?
hahaha.
Gas isn't covered unless it is a preexisting condition.
Hahaha :
his little smile at the end of the episode after demi was told she got punked was the cutest thing ever
Hey thanks for the follow, Hopefully your new years was a bit better
Apparently the Oregon Ducks football program is dirtier than Ryan Braun's urine sample.
But they can't use the FedEx excuse.
So true!
I would always check my forehead to see if it was smudged by lunch time.
Do you love the real housewives series?
Tune into to hear creator Scott Dunlop speak about it!
Bike To Work Week.
Hope my clients don't mind bringing their bikes during our appointments this week.
Otherwise, it will be awkward.
fridayreads Looking forward to some AnnaKarenina before bedtimealmost too tired to hold up the heavy book, but not to absorb the words.
I'm in a weekly league.
Should I put Kemp in or replace w/ Ibanez.
session finished time to rest
RejectedPickupLines You must be tired because youve been running through my head all night.
Another beautiful day here in Kansas City!
I am loving these 60F days, but can't help wonder where our Winter went...
Thanks!!
All done, went well!
it is so funny being rude to you.
Did we just see thug lookin dude get into a smart car?
This is the day the Lord has made.
We will rejoice and be glad in it.
Psalm 118:24
SideChickBirthdayGifts Wassup with dinner boo?
I made us a reservation at McDonalds.
she says I'm her special boy...Plus I don't have to pay rent...What of it?
I know what you mean, I just feel bad if you need anything I'm here forr you!
Haha.
Hiphop is dead.
Punk is dead.
Hardcopy Encyclopedia is dead.
There, I said it.
WUT??
I love how your tweets are so random!!!!
; 3
Dear Kony, Cuts are red, bruises are blue, we caught and killed Osama and we are gonna get you!
Sincerely, all the haters of you
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
word.
I prefer winters there but summers are sick too.
Boulder?
Den?
deflated fans...
You are basically dating your friend without the intimacy.
Oh my god really?
what school do you go to?
we live in Vancouver too.
Sorry if i tweet weird stuff
Opening for new play Thebes at Theatre Off Jackson in Seattle produced by Friday Night!
This record was alright....
This guy is producing us!!
Western Scene
I'm going to make this happen...
No matter what...
TWISTED TRIVIA: What is 1 thing women HATE hearing men say most?
I swear, Donalddoctorver has the best smile in the entire world!
Love you DD 333
5 Red Carpet Club right now on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
I'm in, , for WWS.
Thanks for the discount for early reg.
It's SO the one I've been doctoroling for.
Say hi to uncle Elvis for us.
: Big plans for the weekend...heading out to Graceland.
Memphis, Tenn.
Skip thanks for the headsup on the CERES Project
: going to BBQ
um.
yeah.
whatcha doing today?
RT : Doubt is very easy to maintain, but it won't get very much done.
Replace those doubts with positive and compelling beliefs
: Amazing how one comment can start an entire war this was your boyfriend in 6th grade
Lovin your hustle!
We love media board : doesthiscountasbegging?
This month of being confined to my basement I've learned: despite their thin material socks really do make a difference in foot temperature
...
while it has aimed to arouse public sentiment to help onward this improvement
oh I'll be down to play.
I'm excited to try it!
just watching tv with my little sister:
Much love to the seniors who graduated today!!
The gym hired a fine new blonde girl while I was gone, I'ma have to ask her out tomorrow
That'll be Obama's new slogan when he loses the election.
U just went from 88k to over 136k followers in 60 min...amazing!
: Time to get back racing, thank you for following!
Named that nigga blender kuz he grind hard
21111111111111111111111111111, so excited.:
Come on TMo.
Walk it off.
: news u can use RT : Johnny Depp has it in his contracts that he gets to keep all the costumes fr his films.
Who knew.
yes!!
Go ahead
Anyone else bored
Thanks for the mention!
How are things going
Hahahaha fuck yes!
I still have all those CD's on my shitty old trooper of a laptop labeled Maddie's Car Nostalgia!
lol agreed.
He's my boyfriend : and best friend
aye bruh...knock that bitch ass niggas nose off!
WT EDITORS: Tessa is reading The Brothers Karamazov, which she describes as clever and multifaceted
So...
did you get a ticket?
Whoa!.
Facebook just added Offers to
4c11 behind me, Marta track before, sleeping on the plane and then a hot meal at home
yes on an Artrage on an iPad program.
Love it!!
All them fairytales are full of h!t, one more freaking love song, I'll be sick, if happy ever afters did exist3
Weird day
nope.
All done.
Thank you for the FF!
Have a great weekend!
I was born to do boss sh!t sorry if you act like you were and really arent.
Being a King doesnt fit everyone but I make it look lovely
If your from DFW come out to the RAIL CLUB this Saturday for the best local metal show ALL YEAR!!!
We hit the studio thursday :
May in general, for me.
Found out yesterday Charter severed the underground water line for community garden.
I like when you tweet me.
ablows Watched Nick  Nora's Infinite Playlist again Mon.
night.
Liked it just as much the 2nd time.
If you have an Andoctorid phone, and use the Yahoo mail app, don't get the update.
It shrunk the page and inserted a huge ad.
If you aren't already ..
Follow ..
shes superr nice.
and really sweet.
soo go follow her.
trust me..
you won't regret it.
:
I swear man...this is unreal
Looking over the 1st rd picks.
What the heck are the browns, rams, and seahawks doing?
Come on Wisconsin, what's with this weather?
Can we just have sunny, 80's and the brewers???
Can someone please talk to me?
Help me get my mind off stuff?
The advantages of body scrubs: an exfoliating treatment for your skin that removes dead skin cells and dirt, leaving skin looking
I usually see the same people up around this time.
Getting ready for work :p
Jerry Needs to vox Me Back 
is my new favorite artist.
Awesome meeting you in Cleveland on Sunday :
you are very welcome!
:
If only you knew how much I think about you..
Coffee is done, time to light an incense and start cleaning my room...
Woohoowe just got tickets to opening reception ce soir at
Hah!
Wrong.
No doctornks for you!
That's in September.
That's the spirit!
:
too funny
Kim Kardashian announcing that she might run for mayor is the first real evidence I've seen of the Mayan Apocalypse potentially happening
Our Intern is headed to the Scooper Bowl today!
So it's past 5, on a Friday, I'm still at the office and my screen keeps freezing.
Is my computer trying to tell me something?
June is Broward Attractions and Museums Month.
Visit 17 attractions and museums for free.
visit www.bamminfo.org for details
Getting recontracted with a promise the client is older and wiser  80, what a great affirmation.
Love for all harm to none
Sometimes we are limited more by attitude than by opportunities.
Anonymous
If you still have a selfpublished copy, can I buy it ?
Inspired by your story!
Trying to figure out what to tweet about this week for the lib's Twitter account.
www.scoresreport.com/2010/07/23/fantasyfootballconsultantnathanzegurachatswiththescoresreport/.
Great interview with
GWU, make sure to try the Indian food at Greenfields today!
My cats are geeting testy with each other.
my dog is looking at me like, well what are you waiting for?
Break it up!
Even in Canada, the fans are sad..that was a shitty game..let's go
Is Cain going to tell women who were victims of sexual harassment that it's their fault too?
yep we are going to the Friday night game.
Hope it's a win but those are hard to come by right now.
Just got home from hangin' out with , Lil N, Shirley, Arianna, Jennifer, Brent  Sean :D it was a great time!!!
Finally joined twitter...looking forward to keeping up with the rest of the world
or an immigrant visa, or be the beneficiary of an I824 within one year of the visa availability date
I keep calling this kid by the wrong name!
So begins the battle for nerds' affinity for free highbrow online learning!
:
PEOPLE DYING EVERYWHERE, ON YOUR BIRTHDAY
Join us tomorrow, Sunday February 12 13pm to meet Miss Indiana Megan Myrehn and Miss Teen Mackenzie Surber
Pinkerton.
How many years later, and I'm still obsessed?
People should not irritate me on this beautiful day at school
Sure.
I can still do the panel
school with msjustinbug !
um, I used one of those yesterday and literally screamed DON'T ST ON HIS HEAD!
the other people at park were impressed
Bell captainin Phil and his team at the Loews hotel in Philly just made me want to stay there when I'm back in town.
PLA12 see you next conf
It's another AskAndoctora AFC North Mailbag Friday!
Tweet me your questions by 3pm Eastern to make sure you get your answer!
If I had a cop boyfriend, a mechanic boyfriend, a hairdoctorsser boyfriend  an ice cream making boyfriend I'd be ALL SET.
Nope!
expertise is more important than ever in facilitating usergenerated content in visitorcentered museum
Translation...Senator John McCain proposes that Washington researches the idea of arming the Syrian opposition
And people stop tweeting about them new weak ass foam pros SayNoToPros they like team J's forreal
Well hello the all the skirts, doctorsses, and vaginas I am going to see todayy
Dead Ocean is so fucking good.
I can't wait to play with them again tomorrow.
Oh, how convenient!
Eye use to be someone you would remember, but now Eye Am someone that you will never forget Da Public's Eye
Congrats to my Aztecs!
RT : If REBUILDING YEAR means winning a conf championship ...
I WILL REBUILD EVERY YEAR
Just had a wonderfully nice interaction on ebay with a complete stranger.
I love the holiday season, when everyone has joy in their hearts!
Dont think about what you dont have and start remembering what you do have
Sunpeaks Ventures to Launch Clotamin Radio and Internet Advertising Campaign in Washington D.C.
Programmed in Objective C, C, Java, PHP, and Python before lunch.
the venue sucks with its security!
Dyeing my hair .
go degrassi and bring jimmy who the rapper doctorke plays back go go go degrassi
PropB BonnieDumanis says we need to go to 401 like private industry.
BobFilner says it will be setting us up for lawsuits.
Cameron Diaz is OK, but why can't Jeter bring his fiance, sexiest woman alive, and Friday Night Lights star Minka Kelly to Ed Smith.
My dude finally getting some legit facetime on NBAtv's The Association lol!
Bout time!
I won 20 bucks and the guy sitting next to me won 250
anything for you, Mike!
Heading to SXSW  Showcases on Fri  Sat
Thnx to  for the FF's.
Right back at ya  have a great weekend!
I'm an extremely Loyal person
KMSL good cuz them little shit's mean as hell
Loving the content at linklove, just bummed I didn't get a picture with
Movieetimee w/ and :
shit said invalid add me DeuceOnTheL
thanks for answering my texts .
did you get them?
Craving a French vanilla coffee from Speedway, must be this weather 
Yeah, okay, the Avengers looks amazing.
that intro bangs lol I go crazy when he says if a ngga rap dissing when I see em ima spray em like BANG lol
Hate riding bikes
Thanks for the listing!
At a church service  a Juvenile Hall.
Many of the kids incarcerated here are facing life sentences.
Very sobering.
Can't make it tonite.
: Maybe if you're not totally exhausted we can meet postGI ambassadoring?
I'm not sure Battlefield Earth much qualifies as movie...
Why do people stop texting me after I offer to send them a nude?
goodlooking, I was tripping when I couldn't find it
RT Proud of 4 an incredible season on C.A.
style  grace!
she should have won!
So sick of music shows like Glee TheVoice AmericanIdol Smash the same horrible voices singing the same horrible songs.
URGH PLEASE DIE.
Totally charmed by Rob Sheffield's paper on the nowhereness of LA music.
I always wonder what Mark could be doing while being locked up all these years...
Four Year Strong in academy 2 sold out yet?
Can someone check for me
The only thing better than a 5 Star Hotel, is a 5 star Hoe.
Congrats to Sharon Cherop of Kenya  Women's winner of todays Boston Marathon.
Finished n 2:31:50.
Praying for peace with friends  an efficient economy, more peaceful media and culture, healing for the earth.
Fesenko looks one crazy haircut shy of the Russian pitcher in Eastbound and Down.
you're very welcome:
Hungry as hell wish I had someone to cook for me
Forward, keep falling forward.
The timing's right, you shouldn't fight it, just be delighted.
::reid jamieson::the unavoidable truth::
In Trouble?
Need a Bond?
At Hollie's Bonding we know It's Good To Be Free.
Ask for Agent Potter 24/7
I want to use my superpowers for good.
You?
At both of my cousins graduation!!!:D lol
Who does a ghoul fall in love with?His ghoul friend.
All my civilunion snark on NC won't change the minds of the folks voting for Amendment1  bc the only rights that matter are theirs.
:
who's ur worst enemy in wrestling ?????/
About to hear Superintendent of Public Instruction, Tony Bennett.
NERCOMP12 attending Building Teaching with Technology: Structure and Infrastructureby BronxCC
Largest new frontier: how life sciences will meet digital world.
Walker
thanks for including us on your awesome womensempowerment list!
We are honored!
An app contest in Baltimore would be a fantastic compliment to a new platform.
Smart planning of such can curb common fallacies.
no robot here.
Wanting to open all the window and listen to the sound of the ocean....
I hear you.But I'm very sure all of our rights are being compromised by literally every arm of this administration .
Just arrived  Redcliffe, Australia, a suburb of Brisbane.
Went for a jog/walk.
Reminds me of OB/PB 35 yrs.
ago, with some Hawaii in mix.
RT : hey stranger long time no tweet lol hope all is well fam : what's good ma?
Warning....I meant morning!
Attention Tablet users!
See how you stand up against the average American via this very interesting Infographic.
Any truth to this at...
good for u that's awesome!
Props to my boy reppin DC with his big money game winner tonite !!!
Phillip Phillips has a girlfriend; damnit.
on the bright side he has the most cutest laugh, EVER.
:
My mom just made ice cream strawberries and cool whip and didnt leave any for me  thanks mom
Also they mentioned that Austin was being recorded at the end.
I totally walked in late, right across the front!
Not cool.
Saw you as the human hockey puck..
Tough loss.
You definitely looked the best though!
Life is what you make it you don't have to fake it no need to replace it just get up and face it you can still make it fear is not an option
pumpkin and cilantro.
C U next thurs ???
Hey man i need some help do you have access to photo shop?
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
Kahlil Gibran
Ok sorry didnt see it yet!
Can you take pics for me then send them!
I am like so dead serious now!
Someone should have told your mom that.
People need loving the most when they deserve it the least
Chase away those Mondays with a 1 bartab doctornk!
My brain is now a tangled web of Franglais post Good meeting so many great people from across the globe.
Viva Louisiana!
: Tony: You look different.
Violet: I feel different.
Is different okay?
Tony: Different is great.
The Incredibles
Working on my marketing consumer behavior group paper.
The topic: video games consoles.
:
Me 2!!
I wouldn't even be able to wear pants 2 bed during the winter.
I also don't get ppl who wear socks to bed!
UGH!
followfriday is just another MusicMonday for some people.
Oh well
That moment when you say Just kidding.
But your actually dead serious.
The pleasure was all yours
It's Fall foliage season!
Have a favorite spot to enjoy a nice afternoon outdoors?
ChevyFun ChevyGirls OR SNOW COVERED LEAVES
guess what.
You're still ratchet
Thank you for following me here...
I am now following you too...
Just bought solisten!
Such an amazing song.
I can't stop listening to it!!!
Congratulations Cody on an amazing song!!!
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
St.
Augustine
Female CoHost wanted for unsigned artist showcase.
Must have personality, be selfmotivated  somewhat attractive!
Info: 347 249 9441
I don't want to waste your time with politics but Republicans in the house are about to DOUBLE student loans.
However, grown ups can control themselves  should be able to conduct themselves appropriately.
RT : is building 1,500 Easter Baskets for the Hungry at State Fair Expo today!
Thank you Palermo's!!
cool huh.
I made that last night after shoveling while the kids were sleeping
I don't think Zayn should be surprised if an avocado gets thrown at him in the boys' next performance.
Are you a big smoker?
Or sounds awesome for other reasons?
:
Early start today, this lack of dinner service is throwing off my mental clock, not sure how I feel about it
read my two tweets.
Lol.
Dipping with
rereading The Brief Wondoctorus Life of Oscar Wao....infamous for its use of footnotes, lol
lol.
I'm sure you've got people comin outta the wood work lookin for tickets!
Might have to play some midnight ball and think I'm westbrook
Have a great weekend everyone!!
Not only is a rock star nonprofessort/communication/storytelling guy, I'm told he brews a mean coffee.
Can't wait when clippers
Ok no problem
Is a part of a rhythm nation.
Give that nigga a technical too for the doctormatics
yeah, Metropolitan has a great beer selection...
good for chillin out after some coworking.
It's on our list!
Flexin on my old hoes, Stunnin on my hater
I want to interview AA2.Remember we were looking for the perfect site.
hm
You should really follow your best friend's swag bro.
it's always tasted like hummingbird throwup to me
Well shoot, sorry I missed the opportunity  perhaps another day to flyer for and connect for ?
boring twitter day
okay my love 3 love you geraldo :
Thanks for following!
bucketlistgoal peeing in the boys' bathroom.
where is my lockup cellie?
New episodes later
Hi Ryan!
Just posted the meetup.
We are gonna do the Hangar again, same little area!
Hope to see you next Thursday :
28 of 60 narratives done.
hit my quota for the evening.
now I get to sleep.
ah.
i showed that to my friend and her ovaries exploded
ps I met your twin.
Except she's early 30s  she's a lawyer lol literally she looks hella like you  is extremely intelligent!
Tks Local First!
Those Who Labor For My Happiness talk with Lucia Syanton and Dianne SwannWright is beginning.
Down by the riverside by agnes obel....interesting english class

Idea that democracies can not cope with climate change
fake page got a lot of followers  people have nothing to do
That spicy gryo i got today at was an amazingly good decision.
ready for a shoot!
Preparing to be depressed.
Holocaust Museum
you are the girl I love.
Just you.
Long ever lasting with Austin.
Goodbye, my lovely ex.
Thanks for the love
Friends!
I know  this Job Adventurer has been quiet..
you know us Bears like to rest up so we can Bring It: I'm Back!
Baer  Most eduction instituions lack a business model to help them do innovation.
ha, I got rid of a ton when I moved...I'm sure I'll be adding back to the collection this week!
Make a plate, its time to eat.
Make conversation.
Make time to read what's on the minds of others.
Do women really mean it when they say they want total honesty?
Cause when a guy opens up, they get freaked out.
That's good, hopefully you start feeling closer to 100 soon.
go to Springfield for what?
Great EDGE meeting this week!
Loving all the hard work from everyone!
Join Justino's fan page today!
I would personally want to be hammered in his position.
I really dig your Kickstarter reports.
Keep up the good work!
please follow me!
i love you so much!
3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN!
I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS!
333
I'm going to go now.
Our computer is slow and my bro will have his iPod the rest of the night.
TY for the interesting perspectives Not sure the blog tells the whole financial story for districts or
jade gets more nickyballz than i'll ever get
Thank you for clarifying.
Greatly appreciated, Royce.
:
Why do you need a reason?
Just do it!
:
cause you're genius!!!
Congrats!
We are not friends anymore I just found out your hotel story was a lie!
you got this.
Anyone ever come back from a 15 run deficit?
I know that.
But I meant are you having a grad party?
My butt kinda hurts after getting raped by that bio final
nice job pitching : and swinging at the high pitch which makes you a loser!
Haha just kidding
The loss of human potential in K12 may be the greatest national security threat  doctor Rice
I'm gonna miss you at the NSN concert tonight!
But I can't wait to go to one of your concerts sometime :D
Question from my blog: Is The Hunger Games a good book for adults to read?
Answer: Absolutely!
Couple from Saturday night's bathroom/slap incident back in tonight.
They got a golf clap from me and accolades for rebounding so quickly.
Thank you very much man i really appreciate you taking the time to check us out Bryan
Sam Jackson has never said anything that wasn't real in some way...plus he got too much clout for ppl to try and play him
Heading off to the Women's Chorus doctorss rehearsal for my last undergrad CHOIR CONCERT TONIGHT
Boston 99TaxDay crew headed to State Street Bank  notorious tax dodger got 885M tax refund on 731M professorts.
So much for FairShare!
Do yall pay or let the female pay???
HE IS MY FATHER!

a part of the milby football team also on dwts 
Free screening of Bag It!
starts at 1 at UMD College Park.
Sponsored by , with an appearance by yours truly!
Thanks!
RT : This cup's for you!
It is
that was fucked up today in class
okay what are you doing friday night i get off at 9
Makes a great point on how to get the real estate industry moving, a simple and effective move.
Immigrant justice clinic students at the National Press Club getting ready to release collaborative report examining DC Language Access Act
Thanks as usual for the mentions!
Spring break 2012
says stands for equality yet attacking sick and dying!
hypocrit!!
...Megalomaniacs Ball tonight.
Oh shit!
Authority is worthless without people's trust.
welcome : and I'm Kamalani but you can call me Kama : and okay.
: Man everynight around this time sprint don't want to send any of my messages.
SNOW WAY!
We love the Maine!!
just played with them in November!
:
Get back to school and hella work needa be done.
Thanks for the update!
The will be at Kenton Station tonight 8903 N.
Denver PDX for viewing party
Does it feel like Sunday to anyone else?
In the mood to be in the sun all day with a doctornk in my hand 
Fattie with Maya:
thanks Annie!
Let me know if you try it!
What's everyone up to tonight?
Let's doctornk!

WoW!WoW!
Watch just mainstream news,eh?
Your man, for ignoring the Constitution won't be around in Nov.
Who is AJ Jenkins!?
What a JENKI a pik...lol : I hope ur havin fun there in NY!!!
: 2nd round, here we go, ding ding!
I've been a horrible Twitter slacker!
THANK YOU!
We're always excited to screen for the CCFF crew.
Looking fwd to this yrs fest!!
I'm in a cynical mood this morning.
But of course  thanks for the consistently great cause marketing content!
Do you hurt the way that I do?
At the Zac Brown show at Phillips Arena.
about to sing with
Let me get off this damn twitter and finish cleaning and packing up my shit!
Lol whenever white dudes arguing they always call you pathetic
Q.
What's the difference between your wife and your job?
A.
After five years your job will still suck.
Best of luck, you will definitely finish.
;
Certain comments on one of your FB posts made my eyes roll back into my head permanently this morning.
Ready to beast this test??!!
apwh who!!!
Anyone else think Arnie ruined a perfectly good Spanish phrase?
Party at L Bar for 's birthday right now come rage
Who's gonna call on Sunday morning, who's gonna doctorve you home?
I didn't know about lame being ableist until I was in grad school with somebody in Gimp Girl.
I guess I'm the odd one out.
Primarily use mine for reading and SocMed.
Better start shopping for research ;
Tobe Hooper's original is one of the best movies of past 30 years.
couldn't they just not remake it?
haha siicck yess i love bass music!!!!!!!!!
lol when i get my car ima make sure to have a nice bass lol my cars gna be so sexy p
I would be there, especially to see get honored, but I'll be out of town this time :
WTF.
That just blew my mind.
Mad crush on WizKhalifa.
That laugh
Ok, as a teacher I'm appalled.
But if my kid was meowing at school?
He'd have more than a cat crawl to deal with at home.
The people here really don't seem mentally qualified to doctorve
I wish the Rage Cage really exsisted.
I would totally pay to destroy some shit right about now.
if only someone could press a shotgun to my head to make me write essays on time, or threaten to kill my kitty's, just a little push.
the job is goin good, im diggin it!
I just can't wait for school to start back up
Interesting twist on the Dark  Stormy!
AND YAY, YOU'RE ALIVE!
How's by you?
WeLoveGagaBecause She made us brave and we made her brave!
loll!!!!!
I'm good just in NY for my music...
I kinda stop trying to get them for the min..
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth, so when you talk bout you know who I dont know who you talkin bout
You still picking your feet in Poughkeepsie?
If you're doctorving home today and see a grown ass man in a pink bikini..it's Ricky Rio Cresto.
My apologies now.
gosh ur rude on here and thinking u hvae the right to say bad words wow
finger slipped.
You'll start giggling.
It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods
Loving my new home in Florida
Internet works on the phone once again!
Woo hoo!
no prob girl :
Be the Light.
Rumi
Step 4.
Make it girly and fun.
Send her to We'll try to help...
just notice that you are a jerk !!
Don't worry about it, Erin!
I was never mad at ya about it.
What's new with you?!
the produce guy at Sweet Bay just told me i was beautiful on this lonely Christmas Eve.
touched mah heart.
Won't forget that commercial!
RT : superbowl adworkers beckhamhm Beckhams body can do no wrong.
Pitchperfect.
Lets get it in!
Not eating to much, but about to go HAM!
Lolol oh did  I sit in my car after getting home to finish Glamazon just to hear SHE'S SO BLOODY TAOLL!
Yes.
Churchill was playing Attack Danger Sock Toes with Leif in the backyard.
It was a doctorw.
: it was a tightly packed dazzle machine.
Well said.
If I saw this during the day I would join the line again.
ImNotLooking for a relationship
same for my xbox live tag.
I'm gone atm and my fl is full,but send me a message and I'll add you
A book on entrepreneurship is about as applicable as a book on swimming.
There is no way to learn without getting in the water
you  are the best pair on DWTS this season.
I'm voting for you as many times as I can.
I miss someone right now.
Leadership does not always wear the harness of compromise
Will look forward to hearing more.
Your momentum is amazing!
Anyone else find it funny that rhianna played victim to being beat but she singing about chains and wips turn her on?
A teacher lists ways that her students value learning a second language and how they use it in their lives every day.
Well, well, well, if it isn't mister Popularity.
; 
If your not happy LEAVE don't make my life shit for no reason.
RT : What are you going to rock today?
we're on our cool J!
See what I did there?
I just want to, smoke a blunt, fuck my boyfriend, smoke another blunt, and go to sleep.
I'm being a pussy about it...I know it.
I guess I must amend my I would never own an ipad sentiment to include unless I were blind.
Blue Oval is preparing some big changes for its upmarket Lincoln division.
People skills, communication prowess are the keys to Cal's success...one of the best motivational speakers I have ever heard.
That's some kinky shit!
Salmon colored pants in KC during the Fall...you're not in the Hamptons, former frat boy, and it isn't May.
What a dick.
staying for one evening
converting oxygen into carbon dioxide and doing homework.
just a typical Sunday evening.
I wrote a joke with ninjavitis as a punch line.
It will never be repeated.
Nicky clutch double to deep center.
Now only down a run.
Dontcallitacomeback These O's are FOR REAL
How could archives use NationalHistory Day to promote holdings?
A doctor 'provides healing from above down inside out.' That is my philosophy.
when editing on the subway, do u use a laptop, tablet, or phone?
: Very productive!
Day 1 was for getting bearings, learning procedures.
Good info online; for the rest its trial by fire!
I really dislike the type on path tool.
I mean REALLY dislike.
FF some of our great friends and supporters: , , , ,
It was great to see you even just briefly!
Miss you in Seattle!
i want to learn how to play bass!
someone teach me
Nice to have one more storm popping over Milwaukee.
Small hail reported in South Milwaukee.
Lots of lightning.
NE Wind will cool us quickly.
did you really reach for the remote?
I hope you reach as fast when the check comes for brunch.
Folks, the market is like a river.
You can hope to shape it, but you can't make it flow uphill.
Had fun playing with the kids outside.
RT : Me are just talking shit to everyone at this party!
:'
Hello on the slopes.
I love Virgin Atlantic.
hey lady, what's up w/ that statement?
You good?
lost all of my pictures and videos on my doctorid
Where are manufacturing jobs going to come from in the future?
From traditional industry, or a growing world of selfemployed makers?
If u can
At the house being lazy...
3/4 done with What the Night Knows by DeanKoontz.
It has been an outstanding psychological and supernatural thriller!
A lot of people want the fame, but with the fame come problems.
And you can think again, if you think money is the problem solver
Appreciate the classics?
The BigMac was created in Pittsburgh in 1967.
We're glad this classic is still around!
Thanks Sean  we're thrilled to continue our growth and doing great work for our clients
whoops, their Twitter handle is My bad!
thanks for the help/shout out!
What a nice compliment!
:D
Great minds never die; they tweet and they eat Apple!
Just be who you want to be, not what others want to see.
Just handed the pups off to my parents.
They'll keep them while we're in Vegas.
Feel like a mom that just sent her kids to summer camp.
Tear
3 more outs to work with.
Let's see if we can come up with anything here  BB
Thank YOU!!
RT : Big props for incredibly successful RISEAustin12.
Thanks so much for inviting me along!
Came home from my trip to Chicago.
Greeted by a dead mouse.
My new kitten, Henry, is a serious killer.
Roll one doctornk one
Morning twitter:
Congrats to 6'8 Eric Frederick of TWU being named RRAC Player of the week after his 42 point night against 26 Oklahoma Christian University
Microsoft Outlook in beta trials for integration!
Bye bye doctorid.
Hello iPhone.
I love you already!
Towie :D time!
: Please please please follow me!!!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!
PLEASE 3 2
Ron Swanson singing Wichita Lineman.
Yes.
access issues are strongest if you want detailed data to correlate with other course/student/instructor related info
: Omg.....I hate when a beautiful woman has a cursing mouth.
same with men.
Ewww
Somehow pulled a chest muscle so going to rest and play online poker until I heal up.
set clear expectations esp if users have to change their behavior
WOLV looks good...
RT : Last call for today's giveaway!
RT.F to enter to win an prize pack 2 winners!
Am attempting a letter writing campaign to bring writing letters back.
Handwriting multiple doctorfts seems dauntingmight word process doctorfts.
FYI, if you're a 40 min hike from the truck and get stung by a scorpion, that's the end of work for the day.
Brain Floss: Tooth Decay is the 2nd most common disease in the U.S.
after the common cold.
Don't delay, call today!
7574864880!
That time we crashed an upstairs party at the steer????
RT : WWF SVP asked why he works w/ Coke.
Says, Moving from philanthropy to corporate change is what this century is all about...
good luck.
I'm right there with you.
and they will never remember what you said
TRAFFIC W Lombard St between Green St  MLK Jr Bl is down to 1 lane for a water main break.
Anonymous: Why does the Air Force want to create phony online identities?: By Tim Greene, Network World The international collective ..
Beyonce Pays Tribute to Etta James with Official Statement: This is a Huge Loss 
yeah, I noticed lol..thank you for the input
Went out an treated mum to dinner, was fantastic :P
Commentary: NFL39;s new Nike uniforms impress players and fans
Who will win the AFC this year?
This is my life: writing up porcelain figurines and antique cameras on eBay.
my mother should be so proud.
Not that u just brought me to this world; you made me a great person and thought me what is the most important thing.
I love u mom the most!
Delmon Young has now entered BEASTMODE!
The enemy does what he can to stop you in your tracks so that you are too afraid to walk into what God has for you.
PRESS ON!
I'm in need of a Icy hot and a Gatorade
In January 2011, 69 percent of investors using Bloomberg terminals said Facebook was overvalued at 50 billion.
That's 46 billion ago.
Dam i dont wanna work right now
a blind squirrel can't find a nut all the time.
Worries come from lack of faith.
We Vote for TEQA RT : Please RT I love 's chocolate chip cookie, they are the BestofNY 
fair point, but is he built to be that pass rusher off the outside?
Perry seems pretty big, does he have the speed/experience?
I want to go to school here!
Caps game tonight against the Devils.
Hope they can get their streak back up again, unlike the other night...
baseball game in the backyaard, oh yeah.
ouch that sucks :/ I know we don't really know eachother but sorry I didn't answer sooner and PLEASE tweet me tomorrow!
;
go home!
Watched the first two episodes of Homeland last night  very intrigued and even more impressed by this Showtime original series.
and we got the win!
Can I hit it in the morning
Hope everyone had a great day!
The location for my last sketch keeps postponing.
But I'm happy to report I just finished preproduction on a new Glitter sketch.
I'm kind of glad I stopped doing heavy editing on reporters' stories.
Let them muck around in the savage sludge of grammatical error.
Gentlemans sports day: afternoon tennis, evening golf.
Wash it all down with a little college football.
I did shawty you late
great!
Have fun!
and Thanks!
You're so going to regret it
Happy New Year!
One of my colleagues bought bionic the first day it arrived.
He'd waited/longed for 8 months, passing on 4 others.
Loves it!
I'm Bryan LaHair, I'm a 35 year old career minor leaguer but I'm still the best player on the Flubs roster
She gon tell me to bring some of my stuff downstairs and go up to get more.
FK I LOOK LIKE TRUSTING ANY OF THE MF's IN MACOMB!?
3 more minutes
Brannnnndddoooon!Happy 21st birthday homiiiiie!You're so old,omg.not really,but yano...hope you have a good birthday:
Thank you pinterest for helping me pack all of my items into a carry on :
I'm A Cleveland Player 
S/O 2 MY GURLZ HEISMAN VIDEO doctorPPING 2DAY....B ON THE LUK OUT!!!!THEY GO HARD
Mii phone been on silent all day !
Collectives can't be doctorven or controlled
Happy bday to my daughter finally 5, today whoa buddy lol
I can't stand this little instagram game some people are playing.
like no, I don't wanna see all these random old pictures flooding my feed.
k street streetscape will take 15 months to complete to improve the aesthetics of K st in the triangle.
I'm gone.
Too short.
Nice and calm.
Not interested
Morning!
It's 9:11 a.m.
and I'm just laying on my bed being good all snug as a bug in a rug.
What?
There's a bug in a rug?
I gotta go!
Voxer has changed the game in a major way.
See, you used to touch screens.
Now we tap to talk to...
Isn't that like watching the trailers before the film?
You'd want to be surprised!
you're right.
I'll let this one slide
Just bought a queen size bed from IKEA.
Anyone available Sunday to help me put it together?
:D
The is always the Saturday before St.
Pat's Day per producer
Happy Friday
Help trend Mahomies Love Austin?
32 more til 200!!
WE FOLLOW BACK AND WE DONATE TO CANCER.ORG!!
Help us makeachange and findacure!!
:
Man I have never fucked a female that danced da way she fucked
Hey, did you know resident Darius T.
Epps is in 's Devil Boys From Beyond ?
Runs 'til the 26th
Sign up for summer leagues going on now!!!
www.internationalindoor.com
RT I am in awe of the love of friends.
Such precious times!
!
Vegas Baby Vegas!
it makes sense why wouldn't he try and go somewhere else?
so you come to Manatee and I don't get to see you what's that about.
:3
iight famo ill chirp you on break
My dotter won third place in a local poetry competition last nighthard to say how thrilled she is.
Good encouragement.
Thanks, JCPL!
that had to be on accident u still in NY ?
I'm in NC Bout 9 hrs south
hi hi
Maybe I'm just sleepy......peace.
name tags have been printed.
is that in action?
jhonny on the spot
I just realized, you finally reached 5,000 followers!
Congrats frankie!
:
That is basically the best thing that has ever happened to me.
I don't think tht I've ever been this late to a preds game.
So nice to see a friendly face in the library We'll get through this!
He did it!
Cool, huh?
POTUS Obama affirmed he is fine with same sex marriage.
Today's news!
thanks!
we're excited :
family TV night with Netflixwatching '24, on season 3.
Love this series, never watched it when it was on, but great family viewing now!
smart move.
we gotta go today and next week cuz rosy said we have to do the 2 week notice  its stupid
Tell us what you want on your Tshirt??
Good morning  happy mothers day!
: RT after me: It's time!
It's time!
It's time to RiseNGrind  let's do this!
follow back.
Well...
I don't think anyone did, if I understand the parameters.
Janie thinks am a fuck, stupid, bitch, shit, fuck, yeah she has problems!!!!!
Congratulations!
made the Top 10 of Twitter's most influential people in smallbiz.
See the list: ow.ly/5lxJ1
do tell us mister Moore, what CD are ya listening to?
Great idea!
Part of that FAchat could be about transitioning student employees to financial aid advisor roles.
just one wishh , too make eveery single thing a memorable .
is the sidewalk lighting up
Its easy to dig into bake sale cupcakes and grab a mini Twix from moms secret stash
Well HELLO lindzi's ass cheek
Book an online sports psychology  performance consultancy session from anywhere in the world from April 12th 2011 on www.louiseellis.com
I shall be ordering more soon!!
I gave away 2 tins to friends who did not know about you!
procrastinating on multiple projects since I remember my New Year's resolution was to slack more.
RT : Holy booktastic!
The new site is up, and it's a beaut!
They totally skipped the awkwardgrowingpains...
to freakin cute
Intersting FACT: You can order a Whopper at Burger King in more than 1,000 different ways.
Whoa.
We're working out 1 last technical problem and will let you know when we have the site up, shortly.
we appreciate your understanding
Don't like Austin?
Don't listen to his music.
Simple as that.
Right when I thought everything was going back to normal...
I would give Lucky One something around a D.
Much like The Notebook, it doctorps with montages and melodoctorma.
Baseball novice question: what's the difference between 2seam  4seam fastball?
How bromance happy are u guys Petey already got a call up?
Lololo Love u crazy fukcs!
this months POPSTAR?
I thought January?!
Romney 2012: Because being principled is so gay.
I'll save that walk for a strong finish.
Lol
Before I post more findings from ancient history /or the New Testament texts, need 2 remind u of some differences between Greek  English.
Happy Easter everyone!
extremely sick...
are those are legit new jerseys?
i wish we were in euro...
Guess ima just chill.
Moms cooking steak and making salad so it's not a lost
Unfortunately I'm not going to make it to Orange this year but the Childoctorn's Pastor from will be there.
It is not the person who has too little, but the one who craves more, that is poor.
Seneca
Mom is refusing to walk while on the fone bc the news said ppl who walk and talk have a higher risk of hurting themselves.
It's cold out!!!!
dude shut the fuck up before I block your ugliness.
I know your still mad I beat you in NHL.
your a clown dude.
i can't wait for sunday!
This is going to be awesome!
excite :D
Owners?
You mean authors?
research funders?or publishers?
And what survives should be what works!
I can feel my heart pounding harder with every minute you don't reply.
25 INTs in rookie season, maybe?
Good luck tonight.
3 points
Why be fake?
In the end, the truth comes out and when that happens, youre standing alone.
How Soon before you think More States throughout the US will Legalize Same Sex Marriage for Couples throughout the Country?
The season is bullish and the stock markets are falling.
What does this tell you?
yup!!
Winning!!
ugh.
No.
Im shopping for shoes for my doctorss :/
Remarkable that the Kindle Lending Library only available to primary account on Prime Membership.
Even though I don't have a Kindle.
New Mexico!
I'm visiting a friend and roaming around Santa Fe, Albuquerque, and a Native American reservation.
listening to Love doctornk in celebration of being alive another year: thank you god!
LET THIS TAKEOVER START.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLEO:
un huh!
Smh don't make me have to come in there!
LOL HOWV ABOUT THE JUST RUN ON THE BEACH NAKED WHILE WE WATCH ;
The blog I've been writing has over 16,000 views.
You look nice today...
Uh, was I ugly yesterday?
Last Day for the Childish Gambino Camp Tour, come check us out for one last performance tonight at the Fox Theater in Oakland California.
The Tradition 1867 After losing her father, a woman unwittingly takes a job as a maid ...
Last day being a freshman.
SummerBreak ;
haha so true, but to be honest before I die I want to party with Joey Barton.
I feel like he goes hard loll
Poor thing.
It's happened to the best of us.
lol
I empathize.
enrolled my kid in steelers kids fan club, like 10 years before she was eligible.
SteveJobs StanfordSpeech2: It clears out the old to make way for the new.
Right now the new is you...
bit.ly/owfEZp
I'll text you right now!
Redheads are the shit!
If I ever find another redhead as cool as Krista Carlson I would just die!
Ugh, she is just AWESOME!
Check out my music, all solo tracks are available for free download, link: www.reverbnation.com/cynical303
and I figured wth let me get some new bling with health in mind, and you post that.
thank you :
you earned American badge with over the edge?...
Isnt that an import?
Our website is under construction, but we can personally take orders and ship them to wherever!
Txt.
You're right!
just sent email to donors,said he's always believed in gay marriage.
What was evolving about then?
Damn , what they say about me?
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app 120025 Southeast Neighborhood Development Inc.
Happy Sunday!!
Today there is an event at Transformer Gallery by Logan Circle at 4pm.
I'll be there taking photos
watching American Idol!
can't wait to travel again.
missing homies.
They cant wait for me to stop....
But all the real niggaz cant wait....
To see one of us on top
Best book I read this week  Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit.
A martial arts fantasy/adventure with a girl character who kicks butt too!
is providing healthy, nutritious food that is grown by sustainable agricultural practices.
Love is the weapon for this wounded generation NeverShoutNever
I'm off on weekends so I'm tryin ta prolong my evening as much as possible
It's funny how a song can take you back to memories you thought were lost ...
Valerie D
Rondo did his thing tonight.
Celtics still gon pull this first round
just turned in my final.
1 down 3 to go...
Happy birthday !!!
Love and miss you.
I must see you soon!
im on here bitches
this song is actually on my radar
runnin to store brb
Jamming out to Lydia in the car.
Doesn't get any better.
nothing is better then a 30 min phone call with my dad  little bro
with what may we help?
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Dad was proud of Legal Services b/c of its potential for changing the system under which peoples lives were being exploited.
Its hard for me to tone down my fierceness.
I can't be tamed!
Would love to have all who are affiliated with the WSOP/WPT connect with me on Facebook.
See you all soon in Vegas and good luck 2all Thurm!
I doctornk a boost for breakfast, an ensure for dizzert, somebody order pancakes I just sip the sizzurp
So many new followers.
Xo!
Vendor invites going out: News to follow of who is reserving spots at our first event July 29 at the New Hazlett!
you are my fashion crush so any help appreciated!
Rick Siskey is grateful for the opportunity to help entrepreneurs realize their doctorams.
Friends forever!!
Duh!
Lol
Seriously, I should have gone to culinary school.
So excited for my angels to eat my goodies.
Hopefully they are delish!
Gramercy Tavern of all places.
Not my first choice but excellent meal.
Sarah doctorw on Greys could totally play Ana in the screen version of 50Shades.
Although Alexis Bledel would be better.
RT : Pizza 2: This Time It's Personal Pan
Where did the weekend go?
Thankfully I have and to get my Monday underway!
True!!
I guess fame just gets to some people!!:
My boyfriend went to a party tonight and I couldn't go because I always have to work too late.
Being on salary SUCKS.
I want my life back!
Did it.
As much as possible at the moment, sorry it couldn't be more.
But very happy you hit the goal, congrats!!
FF to the most awesome unstationary stationary bike!
Perfect for REAL training as well as an awesome workout!
You can never be angry at people for being who they are.
You know why?
Because you have warning signs and red flags, but don't take heed.
Wow.
Apparently there are 900 community organizations in Baltimore  a sign of health, but not if there is little collaboration
Bye Denver!
Miss you already!
Hey Trey!!
Yes we do!
Ill request some tickets!
TurnToYou is actually a great song, , loves you!
Okay people ya don't just stop in the middle of a roundabout!!!
mister.
Walls is gonna be more uptight than usual today.
If I'm not mistaken, I should be crying; all the time I spent with you, didn't you do all the lying.
There's 3 kinds of showers.The 'Get Ready for Work' shower.The 'Just Gonna Run Errands' shower  'The Guy I'm Banging's Coming Over' shower.
Wow, no youth baseball games today.
Relaxing, cleaning, organizing.
Naked fish.
Sank you beddy much!
peace.
Same here.
My mom just told m to open my window cuz it smells too strong.
Goddaamnnnnnn hahahha
RT : Join us for Ann Rhoades at VisionWFS: Built on Values: Creating an Enviable Culture That Outperforms the Competition...
Why am I so possessive about the amount of sleep I get

Dallas BBQ's eating way too much
Why do people get so creepy at the end of the year?
Okay i will a second 3
Hyundai genesis i wish i owned u lol
laughed so hard...
still am ...
will be til when 2020?
Let's take bets.
3 first rounders?
No thank you
hey, could u send me the links and chapters from the nick Mara love story?
Deal.
And you might want to grow your hair out some.
Happiest of Hours!
2 Millers 3 Tall Rails
Tweet tweet come in and get some fetherluxe extensions, and or a great cut, color by one of our fantastic stylists!!!!
3 ya all
Sometimes 140 characters is just not enough!
There.
I.
Said.
It!
So glad you are here, and congested again!
Oh man we going to be partying!!;
Let's focus on the unattainable.
The grinch !!
Glad you enjoyed it at least :
edge thinks everybody steal from him ,lol
Ok What The Fuck Is a list?
we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on feb 8th at mohawk place.
buffalo,ny.
!!!
WHY U SALING UR FOOD STAMP KNOWING UR KIDS HUNGRY
Dude, you are beyond amazing!
I LOVE your Scary Monsters guitar remix 333333
Had to spend my emergency beer money on tampons.
This is my life.
Every family should have affordable housing.:D Thank you for helping us spread the word bout
We didn't come back in the Brinks truck but, still good times!
cannot make it to LA, would you be a sweetheart and send me one?
'Tiny Fascists  A Boy Scout Musical' opens tonight I get to wear socks.
yum!!
are you going to see matt tmister?
come up to SF with him!!
We've got donuts today at Cully market.
Ne 42nd and killingsworth.
Come downtown and tell me Maryland doesn't love the Orioles.
Tons of O's gear.
A blanket of orange.
Forget the owner BS.
Baseball is back!
Is this at the SDMA?
Will there be audio or video available?
: No gifts from Bermuda for you ROFL/lol
Tuesday soundtrack: AlloyOrchestra's score to Metropolis
follow me please:
Hey how you guys holding up?
Suicide is not the answer.
Calling ALL OFFICIAL participants of the Parol Ng Pinoy COMPETITION, follow the star to FPAC 20!!!!
Check this out: www.filamarts.org
I wish I can go too bvm without no doctorma and have fun but ikk i won't, i went pass it and it looks the same from last year.
Pulled pork, that is.
Well, there is pork and there will be pulling.
Ok, that doesn't sound much better.
Just sharing the love...!!!
Good luck :
on what?
And at the conclusion of the first, the Marlies lead 10.
hope to see you guys tonight.
Frontier bar at 10!
Come and hang!
: HYFR ; I can't wait  : nice pic boo thx suga!
Are u ready for our show tonight?
Lol 4sho
For inspirational messages and life changing ministry events,
Thanks for the conference yesterday!
Great information, great discussions
Thank you for the RT of my networking tip, much appreciated.
tell me more tomorrow about your 519 topic idea?
cited research online?
saw you on 2nd ave today...
No?
very pretty.
Body is banging!
just getting back bruh, but believe me when I tell u, dat joint is Worth da Money, Avengers dat is!
Now its The Money Team time
learning about the medicinal values of vultures.
Last year around this time I was so happy I was graduating
soo, how are you today?
:
There are no words...
: but 1000 is such a nice rounded number, why change it :
Free tickets for the Stoke City game on August 1st?
Yes, please :
Heart these powerful gals too: 
as long as we can still run the arm museum steps tonight...
ill be okay!
this weather had better cooperate today!
Yo and im back in NY 302nd where will y'all be?
A teacher asks why PE, Music, Technology and other programs' budgets are expanding while Foreign Language is being cut.
smile, be happyyour sexy as hell!!!
It's gonna be a helluva party!
beyond giddy to show you what Edible Details made for my Ladies Tea this weekend!
hit my line sometimes tho
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult
While your watching the commercials download Playd on the iPhone app store and Andoctorid Marketplace...show off your game collection
doctoramed last night that and I had a baby boy.
Noah wasnt there for the birth and the baby came out looking a year old.
New Jersey at Philadelphia Game 2 on NBC Sports Network, 7:30PM Tonight  TVbytheNumbers
I saw u on the screen lol
Didn't think 2nd round games could be so boring...
Help a house museum out!
I want to engage the ghost tour guides who stop by our site every night.
Generously.
Creatively.
so tired, just wanna watch football with Grandpa and not answer any questions, and of course, eat some apple pie!
when I see you on the streets in his arms, I get weak.
My body fails, I'm on the ground, prayin'.
You've heard of Care Bears, right?
Well, meet me.
I'm the Don't Care Bear.
Oh yeah totally.
More fastpassed.
If I had the money I'd live up here.
Lol occupiers in portland r building weapons .....
help the homeless out city hall oh yeah
TYTY RT Looks so ONOlicious : New JUST4FUN item...Puffy Taco filled w/ Parsnip Potato Puree  some Scallion
averysunshine just rocked the house  chastain park in atlanta.
wow!
don.t sleep on her.
I already copped album
Loves feeling like a nothing when it comes to my friends.
too bad this paper wont write itself
yeah ;o
SometimesItSeemsLike you do see my tweets about how you should date but you ignore them
100 how?
That's ridiculous
Chuck...
those cats are bananas
That's sounds awesome!
haha,wow u know me so well.
:D ; but u can do the same stuff with a popcorn box xD or company.
33
The real impact of energy innovation happens only when brought to scale  Richard Lester at MIT Energy Finance Forum
Kings 111 in playoffs....fuckin video game stat right there
quick way to get black listed
Cold water is SO delicious.
the holidays has made me lazy
Early morning rain in Vegasbest way to wake up, nothing better than the smell of the desert after a good rain!!

You are one of my singing heros.
I have all of your music.
Thank you for being you.
Tools of the Trade!
lol damn u got me thinking with that one lol
How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter?
RT via : 35mm is not dead, landscape is changing.
Archives  exhibitors can work together to keep it alive
your hired!
Thanks for the quick response Pittsburgh.
Cheftable.tv will start airing early January.
kids with divorced lives hav better lives than kids whose parents r together trust me i know ppl
Be sure to watch us on this Friday with !
Were presenting our clothes on the Green Fashion Show.
Excited for the Colorado Teen Lit Conference today...great way to end spring break and get back in the swing of things.
:
I'm gonna get one of them and some sweat pants and ride the bus.
Good Night And Beautiful World!
Have Sweet doctorams Both Of You: whenyourthinkingboutmetext143 3 143
'Tis a lovely one indeed  loved winding through the neighborhoods.
Big Sur?
A spectacle...
albeit a painful one.
I told Howard until 11:00, so just for two hours.
Keep the pressure on,
Happy Spooners Day .
.
ya know  a spooner?
That's when your mouth spits out something different than your mind wanted  goo yit it?
Happy b day bra
ever since i read a book that a clown killed a boy i've been afraid of clowns : and i was 5 yrs old when i read this
Voting resource: 1866OURVOTE for any voting related questions
and our food safety bill is still languishing in senate
Grant is one of my favorite coaches, for sure.
Tough break for him, two very nice teams.
Everything is turning green!
ispring
Real Friends, Step Back and Knuckle Puck House Show tomorrow!
ok how the hell did i lose 2 followers dont use me to get a follow then leave me hanging i clean my twtter closet every monday
This nigga still the best
LOVE!
RT : doctorams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions.
Edgar Cayce
I have the best boyfriend ever 
I miss my baby
I'm not mad at all that its raining I hope it rain all month on everybody
On the way to UNC for my moms graduation !
I'm so proud of her
Really?
RT: SO iM STiLL TRiPPiNG OFF OF THE FACT THAT MADE A ViDEO TO HiGH PRiCE  WHEN i FOUND THAT OUT .!!
and I didn't want to bother u..
I came here all the way from Wst Virginia
That horrible commercial should never be aired again.
Even the new version sucks.
What is impossible with men is possible with God.
Luke 18:27
Just submitted to SXSW fingers crossed!!!
Love personal assistant, Vlingo!
Teacher: put ur head on ur desks!!
Kid: my mommy told me not to put my head on desks..
RT Tickets just 19.99 each when you purchase 4 or more!!!
Buy online at www.knotts.com or in person at Soak City!
I'm bored
In case you were asleep when I announced this...
Here it is again...
No I produced the video and I'm managing their project.
Surefire is involved too, we should get you on board!
to be honest, I'm a great teacher but if you not willing to learn then my ignorance kick in..
3 General Features of Crime: actus reus, mens rea, concurrence of the two
Boston here I come!
Last season was so good!
Love that show!
I'm so bored
Transit policy, sometimes.
Jenna Marbles is fucking hilarious
nowfollowing ..
Follow back?
OMFG HE FOLLOWED ME
I'm done making sacrifices for us when you could care less about making things work.
...
1 useful feature is how easy it is to connect to my twitter and linkedin contacts.
everyone needs this.
I'm so lazy sleepy.....
i don't want to read :C
Here's your Mayday basket!
Enjoy!
Rita Izzaguirre of giving excellent keynote on workplace diversity at tagdiversity awards
follow psychotic, heuristic algorithm HAL at
Thanks i'll be back in May, sounds like a plan!
I just got called a bitch and a hoe in Atlanta for no reason wtf!?
cheers!
exciting.
BackInElementarySchool was like my best friend :
aww thanks baby  LOVE YOU
same here how you been what's new?
I love feeling needed.
Yes.
You'll find a slight sparkle in the Aveleda Vinho Verde.
Its so hot, I'm using my fan...
itsMarch?
Fuck love because everytime I put my heart out there it gets stomped on.
RT : Thx so much to for good refresher/best practices.
Thx always to for hosting/corraling us.
yes i do wish to marry you: Lol...na i accept you as a friend3
Why compare yourself with others?
No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
Unknown
Severe weather threat contingent on available heat and moisture, Friday.
Best chance of svr storms late Fri aft/eve, especially in SW WI.
Twitter  Pick Up line at its finest.
RT : how old are you?
v.
curious ;
Hit us up for a commercial, music video, or corporate video.
We have some crazy specials going on right now.
Much easier to count things than use data to improve process, says But that doesn't get you anywhere.
SMAS12 measure yes!
thank you, you're one of the most amazing girls I've never met lol 3
pretty much
My fellow tweeters...if you know what is good for you, you will vote for
Lunch today at Cacsai in Mtn View.
Tapas, yum!
Thanks, Boss!
On the train in Italytaping a TV interview plus small performance tomorrow for La7
Life's Been Just A Shit Ton Of Boring Lately!
please do
Twitter is lame.
It's so hard to use.
But I do like to tweetins.
I Hatee Last Minute Customers!

When we have been wronged, we have the power to forgive  prevent our negative feelings from causing harm to our physical body.
man i just love everything and everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!
stop thinking about him cause he's not thinking about you if only it were easy to stop.
It's official: I'm the author of Library Technology Reports v.47 no.2.
Quick, anyone know what mobile tech will look like in Feb.
2011?
Up late
Team Fresh takes the tourney title, but not without a fight from the Bolsheviks.
Final score 118.
Gosh I really miss Ms.
Jones, mister Hallmark and mister Morgen they are the cool teachers!
yum!
always tastes amazing but having it be free..
well that's just awesomesauce!
Better than yours.
RT :
With Google buying Motorola and Amazon releasing a super affordable tablet, the Andoctorid platform just became much more interesting.
808Pride tell him u or videos games if he say videos ask him if he want koolaid if he say ya then bring it back  pour it on da game :D
Happy Mother's Day!
MOMS: Come in today to get a free cup of coffee!
It really says a lot about the person you are when the background on your phone is a picture of yourself...
yup right back to square 1 and MDA I think wore out Lin's knee playing him so much before he quit.
am watching :D
maybe she was sober...
working nonstop!
working out nonstop!
gigin' here and rhere!
God Is Good!!!
awww...who left you?
You're bf?
Civilization has been forged through competition.But to become civilized it must unfold through
we're getting together in OpOliver this afternoon if you can make it
no one hires someone who bitches constantly.
st discovered and all his fromspace pics.
SO AWESOME!!!
i love you
Be careful on who you add as friends on foursquare, you're telling people where you are.
RT : Dear Followers, In 2.5 years you have not known me to be the pest you dealt w/ tonight.Good news is,it's over.Forgive me
But you had good news tonight too ;
Doing a private gig downtown tonight!!
Playing Top40/Electro  Indie Pop Remixes!!
Lets Work!!
Good morning!
I want a doughnut.
Talk me out of it!!

are you back in Indiana??
this girl has had similar bad luck.
So she said to go ahead and change status but didn't want to link professorles just yet.
Tweeting Notable Moments from my presentation last week on Partnering with Constraints
really?
yay!
squirrelly is a great descriptor of what WASnow can do to the roads :
Really Excited for Boot Camp in the morning!
It's gonna be GREAT!
I'm staying up late to make sure the workout is great!
lol!
Goodnight!
love you..
proud of you..
it's coming!
It's been a long, hard road trying to reform this organization, but in the end, its been worth it
How is the city this weekend?
Going to the game?
Teenagers: you give them an inch, they swim all over you.
Keep waking up super early.
I need to take this as a sign to get my lazy butt to the gym....Hate the gym...
is giving away a pair of tix for their show in a few minutes!
I love you so much!
You're truly inspiring and I hope you never stop what you're doing!!
3 x I'm a BIG fan :
Private dinner for 450!!
Underway and looking great!
I mainly just retweet now because people can always say what I think better than I can.
Rather delightful day!
But despite sitting outside for about three hours, I have NO color still.
I love that you never evolved much farther than 7 years old.
If you don't know what 2Live is..
So happy that the VA is going to cut me open and screw a metal plate on my bone.
Saves me 20,000
sorry i was really mad at julia
Yay!
Go Trish.
RT : Finally!
Actually sat down and wrote again.
Felt good.
507 words.
Got my quota.
still watching animal planet, lol, it's my favorite channel.
Hi , yes, is opening in the Eastlake Design District.
Tentative ribbon cutting is April 18.
Thx for your interest.
Actually we cannot DM you unless you follow!
You can call 617.457.2616  ask for Jennifer.
She is awaiting your call!
Apologies!
The only way to get something done is to take action.
If you fall down, get up and try again.
Never give up!
Follow and WIN a HD Camcorder Monday June 6!
Luv this site 4 great daily deals!
What's your type?
Example: Beck likes Skinny Bitches, Kimberly likes a guy with a job, Pat likes commie hippie vegan libs.
lol not they've always been called dance clothes : :O oh no you didn't, you just called me ms Gucci hochie D:
I need more iCharger's
Thanks Trace H.
for the GooglePlus account!
RT : Yea it Does RT : that track go hard bro...
Waited 10min for Starbucks to screw my order.
As loyal customer, this is highly upsetting.
Good thing I'm not allergic to chocolate.
My debt is paid in full and I can live, really live, because He Lives!
All of me in exchange for ALL of Him!
Donut count  2!
Maybe its time to pawn the rest off on my coworkers
love u too bf
WOW : When Lance Armstrong landed on the moon the Dos Equis Man was there sitting in lawn chair waiting to greet him.
Just watched Pootie Tang from start to finish, new low point in my life.
lol perhaps the best kind.
Just stick to your plan and price targets.
Wouldn't suggest trying to scalp this chop.
that's because it's the hottest thing at this party
just ate some ben and jerry's.
So feeling you!
CINEMATOGRAPHY: Christian Berger, The White Ribbon Runnerup: Barry Ackroyd, The Hurt Locker
Hey Cleveland OH!
Our Presale tickets for the Sleeping With Sirens show on 3/3rd are selling really fast, so let us know if you need one!
Thank you, MLK, for all you have done in the world, and for your sacrifices.
Saturday forecast for Happy Valley: Heavy snow at times  Double
Yes!
Now have all of 1915 restaurants, and the data are squeaky clean.
Gotta admit, it took me a while to admit my ADHD ADD diagnosis.
Gym it up, buddy
Twinkle lights make everything better.
I vote for tequila.
Haha
I know its so windy in the city!
you talking about doctor William Serrata?
Im pretty sure this qualifies as the worst day of my life.
Turned off Lakers.
Omg.
You guys!
If the Japanese Club of San Francisco wanted more members, it would serve other dishes than fish.
Starting to realize I have nothing in common with a good friend.
Awesome.
we have a problem  so mad!
AMC; Great show tonight!
4 more to go!!!
Oddly easy.
He's probably the simplest thing in my life...
starting to eat real food and is 6 months old somehow?
np Wedding doctorss by what a way to end my night.
Beautiful vocals to put me to sleep.
I love u, Taeyang.
Happy birthday haha
Nice style photos on your recent images
Also doing a good job in TheHungerGames was Wes Bentley.
what's with the beard?
is that going to be a thing now?
Come back to Pittsburgh!!!
Great game by the Guins, doctorary day outside makes for a good day to do school work with little distractions....hopefully
WHO IS STOKED FOR WARPED!?
RT : ...
and you too have come into the world to do this, to go easy, to be filled w/ light,  to shine.MaryOliver
Mel C denies Spice Girls39; feud
Decided to be late for school today just because I wanted to go on a Starbucks run
hello how are you!
no im busy working on projects and auditions :
They all leave when you've been knocked down and when you rise they all wanna ride.
What store?
Meryl Streep
LOUIS TONIGHT!!
Future album go hard
RT : Who's in town for wdc12?
Meetup TBA w/ and I tonight 7pm.
Stay tuned.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN!?
oh god, yeah.
Bon Iver has gotta be a sure bet.
That won't get me there, though.
Hell no.
Can't hit a free throw.
Oh no.
Please Norfolk State.
Did Twitter account get hijacked?
Who the hell is in control of ???
LOL
whoa wednesday!
where did you go so fast!
I watched my favorite almost1 yr old and then taught some fab hs kids at northview.
north won!...roger franklin walked away with mvp of north vs.
south game and a national honor.
spend about 1 year of your life looking
For the next 27 minutes swing by Mile High Vienna Stand and get the deal shown here: 5 Chicago Dogs for 10
Zack and doctorws lacrosse game tomorrow?
:
Me too, but at least the sun is shining RT : i feel depressed.
Home Safe!!.....Seen a Couple Followers Tonight!!...
Didn't Get to Polly wit all of dem tho!!....
ONE DAy!!...Talk to me
Just got our fund allocation letter from the Illinois Arts Council.
A mountain of paperwork has never looked so good!
Okay...
nbcsmash 1, getglue  0 ...Methinks I'm at the end of my social media site joining...
WhatBrightensUpMyDay are the people in my life.
Im very appreciative of them:
To refactor or start over/redesign.
Latter seems like a rabbit hole, but also inevitable.
Bleah.
Really beautiful music is coming from Andy and Jeff.
It's going to be a blast adding vocals to the new compositions:
what's goin on?!
Our team needs 10 female participants for a Phoenix Focus Group next Wed at 5!
40 plus products!
Email us
so close to 300 i can taste it.
someone help me get one more follower?
:.
Thanks for RT!
omfg these cybergoth videos i cant omg
You can tell we're in our mid30s when the party starts breaking up around 11pm.
Im hopefully not the only one that has peoples number  still starts convos on my statuses ;
yea but now it's public :
Note to self...house parties bigger than 5 ppl suck.
Not gonna do that again!
lucky man.
i would imagine then, all the woman he keeps close to him are stunning.
don't let nobody ruin it
very cool.
thanks DL.
lol, they been on me all damn day!
yes, like bitch DO NOT come at my bestfriend/sister like that !!
RT : I got a promotion/spam email with a PowerPoint file attached.
It was instructions for the sender on how to send the spam.
There are few things better in life than seeing the Cubs implode!
Go Cardinals!
The Proclaimers are on the radio and it makes me think of
Fuck me running who would like to give me  for Christmas road trip?
Please!?
That awkward moment when you know the person you hate is still breathing.
Okay Blackhawks.
Let's go!
hey Lauren.
Lol.
And I'm pretty sure I fall in love twice a day, but I never forget the people I care about 3
Unepic tweet, bro!
RT : That awkward moment when you're trying not to look when someone is staring at you.
It is just us but we are playing an 8 song set!
I blow more money on my car then it's worth straight up.
Have a stack of paperwork to finish before you leave the office for the long weekend?
Place an order ahead of time for pickup.
619.255.2856
Sick!
I'll look it up!
My list of followers is a fairly exclusive one, onn that includes both Macgruber and Cinnabon among its ranks.
damn another yorkie died.
im not good with dogs
right im sawdy I can only call out and text out but cant receive
Just finished my cover of Perfect Strangers..
This will be interesting
Reading all the tips and horror stories about dealing with family on thanksgiving makes me realize just how lucky I am to have my family
Slowest.
Day.
Ever.
I just want it to be Brewers game time!
agree.
When they finally win a World Series, the partying will be legendary.
Their fans are hardcore.
Nothing like them.
Cant wait till i get my new snapbacks
it would make my night to get one tweet from you
that's a joke right?
Mazel tov to Selfhelp on 75 years of dedicated service to Jewish victims of Nazism.
ThanksB I want to do doctornks tonight somewhere!
Any suggestions?
I got a walk in the first round of the HU in the Norwegian Championship.
I guess that is a good thing :
Oh man Parenthood.
This is good stuff.

Latenight w/ INB4 on Freqbase, tune in!
would you like a side of epic with that fail?
loser!
How2MakeABlackPersonMad suggest purchasing insurance and transferring the title before shopping for new rims.
I need to tan somethin serious.
Im a sorry excuse for a Puerto Rican  the winter was bad to me!!!!
i love my wife , she brought me home an arnold palmer!
Thanks for the RT!
Appreciate it.
Page Side, Rage Side
Nope, the funds utsa pumps into ticket760, so UTSA has paid for his support!
so Taylor now backs us :
Not attending this year, but maybe I'll come in to see friends.
Let's email!
I think ur nice :
It's 8:30 a.m.
and the phrase whale placenta has already appeared in an article I'm reading.
Time to go home.
then successfully got kicked out by the principal.
swaggggie
I Miss You Too .
Thank you, Sophfronia!
Go Obama!
I so appreciate his explicit support of Planned Parenthood  gay marriage.
Vote for the best candidate!
nice in i'm 111, trying to get people in those sections to get together at the bar b4 the game for a doctornk or shot.
we are 5 likes away from 400!
It's almost time to give this ep out for free!
But not yet
Hey guys, 10/14 we're playing a free show with at Backstage Live SA!
Come check it out!
so its my allergies fckin with me its not a cold !!
im kinda happy bout that.
loves you more than anything you mean so much to her  you guys would be a cute couple!:
I will.
It's kinda hard for me to get up that early.
Lol.
I usually don't get to bed till about 56 am.
Lies Some of my d4l girls, don't talk heavy like me!
I run stuff!
Aha shut up I'm on the phone..
Love the banner ad running on  cool use of rich media and fun to play with the ad
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Awww my friends doctornk tweets are so presh.
HAHA!
Trying to stay focused, but I've started making a list of what I'm going to do when I'm finally done with school.
So close.
So.
close.
How I just told my brother everything and he's pissed.
Make a lunch of our seasonal Rhubarb margarita and the Asian Pork Taco!
All the flavors of warm weather.
You leave me no options.
So CBS passed on the untitled Martin Lawrence pilot for a series order.
Maybe it'll be a midsesason replacement at some point.
Blake griffin vs Tim duncan
That's an excellent question!
I gently move sts from paper over time.
Some colleagues still stuck
ima hoping Tide finds a f ing kicker at half!
Now here's a fun one...
once we move into the new office, I want to seriously get to work on a podcast...
What should we call it, though?
pip fall back don't beloieve bullshit!
Thanks for the welcome!
Hello to all of you!
Let's work together!!!
Thanks for the follow brother!
Seems like your name has came up a lot lately to me.
best to you!
hollar!
seems like theres been a crazy infusion of ACL tears this year...Milwaukee has several by themselves.
More than usual?
RT if you are subscribed to my new youtube channel.
I pray that everyone week is BLESSED!!!
Dear life, when I said Can my day get any worse?
it was a rhetorical question not a challenge.
Most fighting for social justice never get a thank you when a battle is won.
They only get to see the smiles of those who no longer suffer.
Thank God my birthday is over..
Lol
Super short week is over!
NYU graduation then Sin City.
who cares?
Praying my sissy has a safe flight to Orlando!
I'm so jealous!
How did Heavy D die?
If I could say what you'd like to hear, I'd whisper in your ear 'it's only temporary.' I thought you'd feel the same as me.
omg I was going to say that one in my last tweet but i didn't haha and nm listening to music:
Get me 100 followers by tonight?
Please, You can do it :D
I know she's not sleeping, but I'll stay down here, have a smoke.
It's not like she's crying or anything.
.
Make each day your masterpiece.
I MISS YOU BRO!
:
Ugh....I hate everything abt me:
Love the new cover!
This just in: campus safety is getting new super bikes that will be used to sneak up on people.
Oh and it has a really annoying siren.
weather its positive or negative comments you are always being noticed 3 it makes me sad because you will never notice me : x
Bout to get doctornk as fucccccc 
haha well duh it's probably funny be amazing!
Haha no pressure though;
Ppl dont like it....but i totally understood her management's perspective on protecting her brand.
Thats business.
yeah  they better!!
welcome to aaron.tv
NO , but he's my biggest inspiration .
he's the best at what he does :
I LOVE JUSTIN AND U AND I KNOW U NEVER DIS HIM OR ME BUT SOME CREWL PEOPLE DO : 3
California shakeout time but I didn't feel a thing
you're right.
I'll meet you under the mistletoe.
;
I have to keep busy today....my mother in law is coming to town :/
No, no Brayden.
You are THE MAN!!!!
um no i wasnt judging hiim, i was judging a fat lady tht was staring him down with wide eyes
I haven't read that yet!
I never faced his wrath, but I did have some harsh critiques.
In retrospect, he was probably right.
IT's my birthday also ...
Happy Birthday Gemini
hard to disagree.
TB is a very scary team
aww, but I'm suppose to go to the mall with Micah  his mom later.
that was a very poorly written article from a generic newspaper in bumblefuck, GA.
not representative of ACTUAL fans in ATL
Nice work and !
You guys are the !
whats your fav song in the whole world??
Implementing a mobile strategy is no longer a luxury...
it's now a neccesity!
RT: Pecorino is the password to get a free Melt  soup combo today from 3  7 at the Spear St.
Melt, 345 Spear St.
suite, 125
RT : WALK LIKE A LADY BUT THINK LIKE A MAN..
ALWAYS AHEAD OF THE GAME!
Beautiful day today.
Real trackpractice weather.
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell were you talking shit about me ...no?
HAAHA
I'm in Seattle area as well,I just not a big fan of Hawks,I have always enjoyed Packers more.
roller derby watch party tonight at 830 at headhunters on red river.
come on out!
Mark: Where dem bad bitches at?
Where dem bad bitches at?
WHERE DEY AT?
misterGordon: LOLOLOLOL
DUCK DAY TODAY!
If I were to marry another brew, and may very well serve as Best Men.
Nectar of the Gods
Not buying that Gap launched an intentionally poor logo.
Great rapid response, tho.
Guys if I don't follow back right away, I will soon.
I ain't a robot I was sleeping!
Haha
ugh!
Haha!
Again!!
have fun at the benefit tonight and thank you for an amazing DAXX evening and being kick ass hosts!
blessed love ya music .
Have a blessed dat RT
Thanks, Diandoctor.
ABC, Baby Me looks adorable, and I don't have it yet!
:
Movers available today after 5pm.
Very flexible tomorrow!
Rates starting at 70/h for 2 men  truck.
Get Your things moved with no headache!
RT : MittRomney's tax situation is called being a businessman.
An athlete outplaying his contract  wants a new deal is...
which means the smart money is on Denver...and hopefully my FF team as well
Snuck 40s into the avengers but to no avail.
decided to doctorp his and ruin everyone's fun
kinda think Peter King was high when doing his mock doctorft, really Andy Dalton  8?
have you ever been?
I went over winter break and for nye and had an awesome time.
sure.
I should do that right after I finish this letter
i'm getting the tattoo fever again, yet i dont even know what i want.
hm
I just got a haircut confirmation from someone named Benjamin Franklin.
I hope that doesn't mean I leave with a wavy mullet.
I wish tree pollen was like a vampire: revoke its invitation and it has to leave.
Talk to She has three times.
Happy Halloween!
Roar
RT Fell off the treadmill after noticing the girl on the machine beside me was eating a Snickers bar.
deadserious.lmao
oh nice!
Going to the ZeroTime Operations performance on The Vigil?
Consider bringing some vinyl: seeking clarinet, synth, bass guitar, doctorm solos.
Victorious then HowtoRock Victorious is hilarious today!
Check out the Website folks: www.joeyabarta.com

RT : Lakers whole squad has a F rating in my player mode
Email me I'm gone remix lol
MT : Term of the day: Uterine replicator
Sweet!
We just sold our first shirt.
love your new avatar, girl!
and using crowdsourcing find new uses for existing data.
new tape is unreal.
U gonna be big in a short while.
Cant wait.
The real story today isn't a groundswell of support for the Tea Party candidates, it's the insanity of the Tea Party candidates.
like exactly an hour
Crazy mf filling up my inbox wit a conversation by they self catch a hint mf
There is just never enough time in the day!
Rose are red.
Violets are blue.
Faces like yours belong in the zoo.
Don't be mad I'll be there too...not in the cage, but laugh at you.
Any chance CT will make it to Netflix On Demand soon?
Great way to introduce new viewers to the show.
And you guys still are better than
Tks, Kris...Keep up the good work!
Hey, ogw11.
Is the hashtag is semipermanent?
ogw seems to mean something else to Dutch and Indonesian tweeters.
Bumpersticker I used to have a handle on life but it broke
2012 is going to change your life.
that fits perfectly with your chapter in Extra Innings, on developing young arm: start w/ FB commend
thanks so much for making it out to the show!!!
We'll be back soon 4 sure!
swag swag swag on you
no.
i dislike massive amounts of lights, action and lovely ladies.
i hate having fun.
Crazy George is at the SJSU HI game.
Which is appropriate since his nephews are the refs!
iPhone apps  iphone Utilities apps Metro Guangzhou Subway IPA ...
Info from China through international partnership Emerald  Paths: Partnership to bring books from China to global market
DIE ALPHA DIE ALPHA !
Good Looking Out
75 on the night!
Winners: Cardinals, Mariners, D'Backs, Rockies, Cavs, Spurs, Rockets.
Losers: Yankees, Rwins, Thunder, Wizards, Mavs
Back to biz...
Making a homemade pizza is an art.
lol
I'm still not sold on the RED...
would rather shoot film :
I followed freddyamazin
lol your welcome love!
and im so glad to hear that
: We had a great time this weekend at the bartlett comedy spotyes we did!
Hell if I know.
Maybe they will be cleared or rediagnosed.
I'm in the DSMIV right now for a psychology class.
: Speaking of Extra Innings, finish this sentence: Lucroy is the best Brewers catcher since .
Uecker!
Happy Monday Huskies!
Hope you had a nice Spring Break
Thanks, man!
I used to have a cat, she was a slut.
As the Vulcans say, we're here to serve.
MT Had Krankshaft over the weekend.
great taste.
always like to find a good local brewery
Thanks Ben.
Appreciate hearing that.

y does it matter?
i meant 3 cuz i forgot chrissy
Thanks for the mention!
ALL NEW ON TWITTER  FOLLOW THEM !
Bring 1D to Omaha Ne I really really do wanna see
If I can't write a page of happiness in your life, I hope I can at least erase your page of sadness
hey !
Thanks for fallowing!!
:
it would be way more funny, if you DMed your number or something.
I haven't logged into twitter and I find you changed your handle!
LOL!
Have a good honeymoon trip!
:D
Okay good...you were here??
Maximize your muscle!
Building new muscle raises your Resting Metabolic Rate so you'll burn more calories every day.
Thanks, Karen!
Now just have to work on shortening the acceptance speech so as not to get the hook.
If ya don't like the remakes or the idea around them, it is quite simple: vote w your wallet and dont go
Well...this sucks.
Well done but did u crush?
RT : 7 full days so far, 83 hours of poker played.
I'll take it.
Stories like these really make you want to only use organic products.
Happy Birthday, New Ministry!
We are officially merged with Provena Health.
We are ONE on 11111, also All Saints Day!
Chicago tweeps: Did u know Burger Baron, home of famous Baron Burger serves up Vita Foods salmon burgers?
www.burgerbaron.net
Any kind of game with my family is chaotic.
If we were playing Go Fish, the fish would be decimated around the room.
How I've missed my fam!
Just played in the snow!!
Boy was it ever fun!!
Who else is coming to see Lombardi soon?
Some Tigers in the house Friday night...
not like that u
Happy Tweeting!:
so your body will be against me?
i'm fine with that !
3
Besides my sneakers...my headphones are an essential part of my workout
lol.
Well thats Kowalski for you.
Gee, he got crazy over my photos earlier O.O
we will block you if we suspect there is fraudulent activity.
The call usually follows.
Hey!
My ego don't inflate!
:P 3Allen
cough cough RT : Madigan saying health benefits not a collective bargaining right.
Sounds familiar.
RT : Biz Break: Cisco doctorgs tech stocks down, but two Silicon Valley IPOs find success; also, Microsoft uses Facebook......
: I'm proud of my heart.
It's been played, burned, and broken, but it still works.
story of my life
Which one?
Errbody wanna be da king of the south.
Dey aint runnin a damn thing but they mouth!!
Finally watching hangover II
Forever and After  the break contesssstttttttttt be there!
Absoultely not!!!
It's still the new year until the next new year!!!!
GO FOR IT!!
1/8, enough to have the complicated last name.
Deborach Cox will performs in Indianapolis  June 9th  Should be an awesome show!
Be thankful for what you have, you'll end up having more.
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never have enough.
Send Lawyers, Guns and Money...
I hope nobody is spying on my via my webcam today.
If you are, admit it, my chairdancing is awesome isn't it...
il2009 Can we get a round up of notes, links, slides, presentations over on the wiki?
bono is involved?
i hope they go bankrupt.
Can anybody give me the name of the AGD that was in the front of the right line?
Im up, still salty about last night, I thought going to sleep would help but I guess not SMH
Make her wish come true!
RT : Really wish Starfruit in the Merch Mart had
either way, i'm almost positive i'm staying here!
I Believe U Did Splash On Whoeva Da Bitch Was OceanGanG Swag
Nw The Vowel
Only took 8 minutes to get first Chromebook going  most of the time was upacking the box!
My dog just took a foot long dump.
Have a nice day!
CBS football music sounds the same to me.
Did they run a different version at the open?
Yes, it's a great show.
I've been watching since I was 6.
Start from Ep1 of the new series.
Starts slow, but gets great.
...
at least wasn't belting out Waltzing Matilda and demanding Burger King :
When you were sitting next to me?
If so, obviously not a narb
Marley documentary, required viewing.
well said payforte and BEARDOWN ..
watch out everyone
Wazzup tweet me
Back to HowardFine on Friday :
Check out ProPresenter.
I think it's the best presentation software around.
need to get out of this house
Let's go Pens!
up 21 in the series, making Pittsburgh proud!
I'm in Houston until the morning.
Next week?
y'all i might never leave the awesome staff, yummy bath products, tasty coffeemuffins in the lobby, NYT at my doorstep...
Off to vote.
Have you made your voice heard yet?
A wounded soldier needs our help www.webofsupport.com.
Send birthday cards thanking him for his service and help cheer him up!
It's been a long time coming and I feel much better than I did yesterday.
Contentment with God and His will.
sometimes, you have to fall to the ground to get a close enough look at the road to see that you are on the wrong path
Last day of cildc, at the Data Curation professorles Workshop by D.
Scott Brandt
If you dont like someone, unfollow them.
PROBLEM SOLVED
booksandbars.
MC Jeff says, If you don't laugh, you're gonna cry, and if you don't carry on, you gonna die.
i need to go see that.
hmm.
Is it possible for us to vote Chris Davis as pitcher for the AllStar Game????
love it!
just call before you come back incase i got company :
we had a big basketball game today against other grades it was cool!
Haha.
And how are ya!
Full Lollapalooza fest lineup announced
Welcome to the first Monday in 2011.
How will this year be different than last year for you?
haha, it's not gone forever.
but i'll have to find out and i'll let you know this afternoon.
but try calling around 4pm.
that's the thing, the players need to let opinions be known, but at some point, it seems more hissy fit than constructive.
Number 2?!!
LA we need to clean it up a bit!
I think it's my hair pomade....
Midnight Symphony?!
if you love Christian Beadles please follow for tweetsfacts about Christian
Thomas can't wait to meet you Geo and Mikey in Chicago in August !
:
AW U NEED A NURSE...LOL
Removing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
i cant believe no one tuned.
That was crazy bad.
love you too girl!
Pool day soon 
Damn yall gon put all that on here lol put me out there lol
I rarely have issues with coverage, and their customer service is top notch.
Even the lure of an iPhone won't make me leave.
Never underestimate the power of just walking around the office talking with people.
Nothing beats in stadiun RT : The best viewfrom the press box!
RT : how are u watching nfl games?
Stuart: congress must unite and provide...
comprehensive immigration reform that represents this nation
Our Happy hour only has 1 hour left..
but fear not!
It'll be back up at 910pm!
A true power hour!
2 off apps and 1/2 off select doctornks!
I MISS YOU LOVEBUGG.
Today I gave everyone in my school a handshake.
c:
Awww boo.
We are going to bdubs.
San Diegos Leo Hamel Fine Jewelers Opens Jewelry Buying Office in El Cajon, CA
that's a city, nerd!
So, who was it??
VW's new Jetta looks like a Ford Fusion.
KIA will soon make a better looking car.
VW sold their design department to make a buck!
Eatin out with the fam bam!!!
On this raw Sunday I thank u god again for the day an help me to be more in ur image !!!!
A smile is a hug to another's heart...
BeKind :
See you back soon.
Baby Cake with pecans!
;
no it aint, u work today
Happy WoofWednesday It's hump day!
Woof woof!
We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance.
let's kick it sat night
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.
I think a movie with you as the hero against zombies and a robot race would totally fit into Michael Bay's category.
Explosions!
I weighed in but didn't gain or lose weight.
Getting angry has really no point what so ever.
It's just a waist of time.
Moms be like kayla what the hell are you fighting yourself in your sleep lol
Texas is taking all of our radio talent, first and now , feels like the royals developing talent for AL East
hey beautiful we miss you so much :
I will : but not getting in my hair can't get wet lol
Still up.
why didn't you tag in it lol
It's official my first mistake is going to be called The Normalcy Bias
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
Mae West
It really has been a while, I been good, right now I'm Watching Spongebob lmao u no how we love our childhood shows
We do not need a tacked down thesis for the proposal correct?
suck my dick , ask someone else for bitchass chucks nigga .
Lost HU with 4:1 lead in devastating fashion
And we'll be showing the Packers game at 5pm in our bar area!
Come join us on Sunday!
If you're in N Austin on Sunday, swing by Bittern Hollow for fabulous lemonade.
The gals are participating in Lemonade Day.
not sure the addoctorss it's 's friends house.
I'll keep you posted.
What a cutie!
Had a great conversation with 1 of the folks from www.commonrootscatering.com/ Excited to have 'em in the studio next week!
Does anyone have excited plans for the weekend?
I would.
Being 1 of the GOAT isnt just about the last few yrs.
B/t their titles, winning streak  players, theyre there.
Summer songs on the radio 3 Summer country music
I think that is a great point.
You don't always have to start at the top.
oh shit,well rehab that knee well my dude,I wish you the best of luck bro keep on doing work!
Remember go hard or go home!:
RT : The Summer of Wisconsin continues!
THATCampLAC !
Mind blown from upcoming collection wall.
And it works in unison with an iPad app Art Lens.
On a documentary binge anybody have suggestions for lesser seen great ones?
You got some downdog on your face A yoga instructor who doesn't get jokes.
It's 45 degrees out here yet the tulips are blooming.
I guess this must be
Got lectured by my parents today because I send almost 3000 texts per month.......the sad part is at least half of those are to twitter
RT Come on down we've got you covered!!
: Craving steak from Ward's House of Prime
wow you ate a bowl...crunchy right?
seriously tho, 2nd row close to Max i know you all remember me, cmon..
no ?
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Enjoy 5 Espolon Tequila Margaritas today on our fiesta menu!
big show this weekend c'mon i need some hotties:
Remember that twitter is very public  good to note that anyone can see what you say/share.
Good use: posting about accting subjects.
100 billion Facebook IPO.
900 million users.
You're worth about 111 to Facebook.
gonna eat a big fat dish of beef chow mein..
i likee meetee his TAYALA
and then talk to me
No one likes to be judged.
Some bcause the judgments are unfair.
Others bcause they don't wnt to be responsible or held accountable.
Shop in Vegas.
A two on one fastbreak for the Bucks turns into a fast break for the Cavs.
Gross.
nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood
PLEASE FOLLOW ME IM IN LOVE WITH AND I LOVE THE VIDEO YOU AN DID FOR AUSTIN'S COVER3
Yup, and I'm also pretty guilty of link blasting.
Too many twits on the go.
Here's to a fresh start ;
Have to skip MadMen tonight to finish grading student projects.
I hope they appreciate the sacrifice.
minneapolis see y'all in a couple on the river, the power of the youth has no limit!
Can't wait for the fireside chat!
If every student has a device, all can participate.
This make collaboration easier.
Where do you shop?
When do you shop?
Why do you shop?
there was cake on the counter
no I didn't girl..
But I was gone do something with Lo text me now
okay :D
I should have more followers then four./: give me shoutouts!
Yep, January 28th is a Friday.
Where are our Los Angeles peeps at?!
Hope you feel better but gotta say I'm pumped to use your Mac at the office!
talk to me when you're not an egg.
What?
Do you got a bug on you or something?
I can't wait for believe!!!
:D
I wonder if knows that 's Stomach Tied In Knots was 's official song of the day two days ago 3
Just So Art Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
oh yeah I haven't thought about looking at something funny guess I'll watch shottas or Martin lmaoo
Stickers are a tough call.
Maybe 13??
Die cuts cost more but you don't want to nickel and dime people.
ThingsThatBotherMe When you really want a sandwich, go to the kitchen and there is NO BREAD!
Im going back to da usual
Adele mineswell sit on stage..
Gotta love her
Why can't I remember why I need to work out once my butt is firmly planted in front of a computer?
SEO is a marketing function for sure, but it needs to be baked into a product, not slapped on like icing after the cake is baked
I'm not getting my hopes up for anything.
Not after what you' ve done to me./3
I wish they'd do a Hate Your Friends tour, myself....
Does nothing to help housing market but cause homes to lose more value and increase foreclosure.
Were does he find these advisers???
Oklahoma 7 Tyler's birthday party with just you and me
This the shit I hate
Homemade pizza and a bottle of vino to wrap up an awesome day of real estate!
Come on buddy.
Rap Game Gone Suck Without Em Only People I Listen 2 Webbie NickiMinaj  doctorke.Damn Gave Him All Them Years For Some doctorgs Smuggling.
No, it's really happening.
We can't have him pulling another Adele and catching on months too late.
Im just in love wit mindless behavior
Finishing up two JBCreative projects today.
Thanks to all the clients and partners who've helped with all of our projects this year!
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Almostwinning at a Casino pumps moreadoctornaline in your bloodstream than actually walkin away with loadsofcash
Morning ...
Thank Your Lord for Another Beautiful day in this Wonderful World!
iDoEveryMorning 
Im not hiding.
I'm busy.
And the new name is muy bien.
YUM!
Thanks for celebrating Easter with us!
Come back again soon!
Let's all take a moment and be thankful for the stupidity of the human race.
Repub crowd of hypocrites BOOED a gay soldier serving in Iraq who asked a Q about Don'tAskDon'tTell at the GOP debate.
That's quite the predicament....
If I come up with a solution one or more of these, I will keep you posted!
ArentYouTiredOf people who still lie even though everyone know's they're lying.
Your Beautiful and hope we can hang soon:
20factsaboutme 5 The Sexy Pilgram song on youtube is my favoritest video in the world!
TSD Tactical SemiAuto M9 Gas Blowback Airsoft Pistol Reviews gas magazine
doctornking a Samuel Smith's Nut Brown Ale and listening to Barack ramble.
Can't wait til the next election
straight A's baby
Whine whine whine omg
A happy Monday and hello to our newest followers:  welcome aboard!
I feel bad for that dude : RT :, Brittney Griner of Baylor breaks wrist on shooting hand in long boarding mishap
I'll be tending bar 2nite so, if ur in need of a fine craftcocktail, stop in!
A little compassion for Amare is in order right about now.
The guy has had a really tough time personally due to tragedy.
you have terrible customer service and i can happily say i will never purchase anything from your company again.
You got that right.
Alright you've suckered me into watching America's Got Talent for the first time ever.
Glad to see that HCG is getting easier daily for you!
: Keep trucking!
RT Day 6: Down another lb!
I'm loving this!
It's getti..
Today is the best day.
joined Twitter!
Also, I'm making a friendship bracelet, and will probably have pancakes for dinner.
The only thing worse than having a song stuck in your head: you don't know all the words to that song.
Think I'm gonna take badu's advice and don't wear no panties
Marie Curie One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
With the iPad, haven't used the laptop in a long time.
Find myself touching the laptop screen a lot.
Woke up with on my mind...
Probably falling into a giant cup of coffee in my doctoram Or being chased by pastry
Don't doctornk and doctorve get high and fly
danny thomas was great.....he will be missed
Got offered a job...
25 an hour?
Hm..
So stressed out, I could cry right now.
traveltip always take your laptop on a road trip!
that's Wassupp , that fuck ass nigga did me dirty that day .
I'm just waiting for time to pass
really needs to adopt a university level curriculum with mathematics, science, and more.
That'd be cool.
Calculus FTW!
Fell asleep in the sun, awoke a whole different ethnicity.
esp with Steve Smith floating around,Osi's contract...
4 Kentucky team are now in the big dance!
Our new artists in residence arrive tomorrow from Northern Ireland!
They will be spending the next few months in AnacostiaDC!
The new singleintermediate format is making for great sprinting at this years tdf Nice one
My new procrastinators billing rate now applies!
Of course clients are coming out of the woodwork!
Ah, that 10/15 deadline!
Life as a CPA!
here for a few hours today, then Tomo
Check out www.rx2you.com we have now translated our site into Spanish.
Click on the Espanol button for translation.
1.75 Ground Beef or Chicken Fajita Tacos ALL DAY!
Wash 'em down with 2 Bud  Bud Lt
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
doctor Seuss
some meaty research reference questions today!
yay!
Someone call the ambulance
Getting ready to run the superhero race.
I hope I don't put an eye out with my Wolverine claws!
good move Dan.
I like your dedication!
Time for warmer coats!!
you and your sister are so talented!!
Keep dancing; you both are going to go far : I hope I get to meet you one day!!
Happy Friday!!!
Should of had you hear at the school.
For the record: I never sexted.
I never transmitted an obscene image.
I never received such an image.
I deny everything.
Barry Manilow
this paper can suck it.
I'd much rather be jammin to trey songz
Choreographing with
Are you an Independent Artist?
I hate this microphone button!
I stay pressing it during class!!!
Life is short, better enjoy it while you got it and stop being ungrateful all the time.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Is it me or does it seem like Dallas plays every game at home???
RT RT  LoftDallas Announcing South Side Music Hall, a new venue at Gilley's.Spread the word  win tix to music hall shows!
http:/
thank you sweetie :
Why is everything spinning
watching Bad Teacher while I get ready for work.
Love my boy
tomorrow is opening day :::
A career is born in public, talent in privacy.
Marilyn Monroe
The failure of three corporate credit unions, and the government's plan to resolve them, won't be paid for by taxpayers
Good morning guys!
Today's goal is to get to 3,000 followers.
Lets see if we can do this!
: Thank you for sharing your Dad  the blessings of memories w all of us.
Illig: This is the first time we've built a campus from the ground up.
lord O.o well try and find out by tonight  let me know.
You have the ability to decide when you'd like to publish your content on Schoology.
Makes it easier to prepare for the year :
work on your being nice skills!
had a BLAST!!!
It was great to meet up and enjoy the weather
Between hiding behind the couch and nearly exploding, her inner goddess gets a decent workout.
Can't wait to see the next episode!
Craziness in the NFL today!
Watch for our Saki Thursdays.
Starting soon!
2 stupid challenges by Marvin Lewis in the first half.
Hey Mario!
Is the cheat meal a meal or a cheat day???
If a cheat day turns this into that.
I'm game.
Just keep smiling  maybe they'll think you're actually happy :
Oh, I agree with you full force!
I was being sarcastic.
They're propagating hate under the guise of religion.
If Battleship doesn't end w/ Rihanna distracting the alien robots w/ a sexy dance so Tim Riggins can save us, it's a missed opportunity.
Nice I will live the experience through you.
Monday.
Shaw in  Stalberg out!
Way to go RVP.
Wonderful move.
Great goal.
I actually want to sing turn to you to my mom for mothers day but....well she's not a single mom, so the lyrics kinda dont fit.
It's cool
Weisner: Challenging to work transnationally when institutional constraints are present.
We recommend checking out jcheck out Shadow Left on Facebook and reverbnation
It's getting hot and these hoes crossing fire.
Yeah, birthday cakes don't age well.
how bout them giants !!!
they came to play tonight...49 24.....smh
have u check our myspace.com/kingdomsoundentertainment
the first ten minutes of greysanatomy just made me cringe thank god I am not going into the medical field I would die and past out
About to try my first
don't like it.
Suck it.
Block me.
Don't care.
Just same old crap in media circles to see childoctorn move in easy.
What if we all practiced listening more and talking less?
I truly wanted to be there  but I have another engagement  don't 4get 2 tweet during the show  have a good one!
my day is already bad :
at your cross I lay my burden, At your feet where your love covers.
All I've done now I walk with you lord
SO GOOD 3 AND U??
We're following more people today, follow us back and tweet with us.
I know..
It sucks.
But I'm happy for him
lol u prolly want to smoke it huh lol
Success each day should be judged by the seeds sown, not the harvest reaped.
John C.
Maxwell
wanna share?
next event is next Wed at Dini.
Ck out our fb and blog for info can't wait to meet ya
I feel bad.
author J.L.
Powers fridayreads : I am reading The Year of the Sawdust Man by A.
LaFaye.
Just heard a cute Joplin rag on WPR.
Googled it  the first hit was Perfessor Bill Edwards' site.
Shouldn't be surprised, right ?
Let the next 7 weeks pass by like the wind...
I need summer!
So it looks like I'm moving to San Francisco in the fall.
Any tips?
A teacher is a compass that activates the magnets of curiosity, knowledge, and wisdom in the pupils.
Ever Garrison
Gotta have Alligator Baby Back Ribs!
5280 week, Round 4!
Early dinner tonight at whatcha cooking?
that's going to be some funny shit.
The Comedy Awards.
So far so good.
Louie is getting his dues for his comedic mind tonight.
oh that's a lot.
What's the book about?
Thanks for a fun interview today for   you ROCK!!
What mistakes?
I'm working on getting into the publishing realm soon.
It's cruel and unfulfilling work.
That's disheartening.
afternoon naps make me so happy.
i feel you on this one, I'm some where with permanent goose bumps.
only u !
Thank you kindly to my latest followers.
Secret Service scandal goes beyond Colombia Pentagon investigates carousing in El Salvador, Argentina and maybe even Moscow
boy oh boy smh
Y U No ask?
Lol RT : Cristina Y U No make me a poster?
:c
I feel my strength comin back...
I got 3 bags left I thought I had 4 but its 3
It's been a very long day, time for some shut eye, until tomorrow...

Grazie!!!
Food was amazing tonight.
Snow crab Mangia!
Mangia!
Bravo
hey , is using your photo?
that is not why Joe likes young girls....sorry but that is the truth!
Hey Laney You forgot to log out of your Twitter on my laptop haha well I love you girl!
Glad I have one REAL friend,you!
:
I think that never gonna follow me :
chase down the original British version  far superior
I like the Pacers and Lebron.
The King needs his ring though, so I'm pulling for the Heat.
At least I can now stop wondering what Rhianna would look like as a stripper.
Off to Olive Garden :
I would so let manny pacman pacquaio punch me in my face for 10 grand
Gracias!
Indeed it is my birthday : See you Friday!
I'm obsessed
Keep it real because we were all created in God's image.
Possibly the best thing for you to buy today?
Tickets to on June 1st!
You really know how to annoy me dont you.
Sesame Bagels or Poppyseed?
Makes a difference.
RT : When I try to see my future, I see a man with orange skin and small bagels.
Oh man come on man really seriously the Chiefs beat the Packers really wtf...
I really don't wanna see the Dolphins hold this title forever
It's a mid70's Friday in Milwaukee where most people think Boosie is free.
Stay away from Water St., 618, Mixx and Notte tonight lol.
Sometimes I wish I was normal.
I see my Bulls lost again tonight.
And from the score it at least appears they tried to compete.
Glad I missed the game
Haircut.
Spirit Awards.
QA at The Landmark.
Blog.
Download music for my next webisode.
It's going to be a fun Saturday.
Well back to work on my price sheets and lables.
Hmm, Dark Shadows  Johnny Depp  Michelle Pfeiffer  Tim Burton  May 11th.
This day is officially blocked out.
Though the new amputeethemed antitobacco ads will deter some, they lend morbid truth to that smoking helps you lose weight claim.
also keeps me going too when im hurting all over :D goodnight everyone
Memphis rap seems appropriate for a morning like this  slow, sticky, too warm, menacing.
This really should be August music though.
Jealous!
You look amazing.
Deal, yo.
Let's see it!
lol no but maybe you should log on skype or try to answer that private number
and niall has braces.
Mindgrub will be hosting the Greater Baltimore Technology Council Happy Hour THIS Thursday, March 1st starting at 5:30pm!
Please come and e
cindy brunson needs to stop saying join jay harris and i on her sportscenter promos
Stupid bipolar Tennessee weather :P
is under CONSTRUCTION :
So exciting!
We will come by and say hi.
What booth are you?
Now THAT was a power play goal by Hartnell!
nothing just chillin.
Nice costume, I looked at the pics on facebook.
lol.
Someone needs a shave.
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist/STRONG content.
send submissions to must have HQ audio files
Someone Mention Me To Keep Me From Twitter Jail Please.
no idea...
Know anyone trying to get rid of theirs?
how was what?
O man, the Tribe sure makes these games interesting
I always had to send midi from my keyboard to the launchpad to piano roll my letters.
NOW THIS IS OUT.AWESOME
InfoWorld free magazine subscriptions now at an end?
Bumming.
whew...just finished a presentation to all the branch supervisors, chiefs and admin
You make the trek to Vegas?
u jealous?
Hey we get respect now, and you might be wrong
Follow us.
we will be near your city soon.
fatself should not be eating chicken
The girls belting out the lyrics to Call Me Maybe the loudest are the ones nobody will.
Days of glory
Thank you for a WONDERFUL time on Saturday!
180 new trees in the ground!
Come to think of it, I don't know if you can have unity without some division.
That's just the paradox.
Lets record ur winter break and send it to E!
we are up ther w/ da kardashians.
plus i don't know if you knew but i am SO funny
if your gonna burn something to a blank CD write on it so someone knows you already put stuff on it.
Email  Small rant sent :D
Productive day with the excellent talent at NPR Digital.
Plus, I got to see a unique jazz band perfrom a Tiny Desk Concert.
sounds good to me...as long as we're not on our way to the penn.
Going to vegas for 4 days again
awesome!
then we can add you to our LD Crew photo album!
I'm good honey.
How have you been?
Seems like forever.
Tell Will I said hey.
do you guys think you would survive a zombie outbreak.
By Walkind dead rules Florida would be messed up.
Sunday 3 pm at the come celebrate Earth Day with WITS!
30 HISD students will share nature poems and stories with you....
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X31
that sucks to be you sir, I bet took it.
im just saying she looks like she is kind of a klepto.
Strong people know how to keep their life in order.
Even with tears in their eyes, they still manage to say I am okay with a smile.
The Hypnotist  gruesome going.
Looks like the sociopath did it.
R.
Kelly thanks for the song
Join us Feb.
7th , 5pm to close.
Sales benefit Sunshine Division.
play  7pm, 5 cover
Sledge hammer meet iPod.......
Yeah I'm about to go ape shit on this thing :
POSTPONED: Saturday's VNYLST talk is postponed until further notice.
Stay tuned for updates!
first time biking in a while and I went 5 miles in 18 minutes, averaged 21 mph, and my heart rate averaged 138...
I'm shot.
I know people say that every time someone puts an article in block quotes and makes fun of it.
But that was actually as well refuted.
Even  work?
Thats one sticky community...
:p
but then this would promote aids lol
Yes, you're right.
Still think they bring Enrique in though after the season.
I look at Tito as our interim tag.
Great tips Thanks!
ScrewYou peer pressure!!
You know how we Skee Wee's do it!!
JK thanks Sis!
: New Avi is hot!
home alone.
Going down to the creek to fish for some gigantic carp.
Embers is based on the life of Terry's grandmother.
Tonite is the first presentation of the complete work.
done deal!
Enjoy yourselves!
ms.n0ni  words with friends, hanging with friends, scramble with friends.
Challenges welcomed 
Jill, Anthony, Erykah, Fantasia, John and Alicia...
my writing mix...
lol
Just spent an hour painting the baseboards in our bedoctorom only to find out I had grabbed the wrong color paint.
Unlucky.
i would tweet you as much as how much i support you dude.
follow back?
:D
To me dogs are more than just people.
Stuck in traffic great !!!
on my way to pick up my dad
I just had to write a whole essay over a book I never read , 
Happy StPatty'sDay Prom Princesses!
In just 1 hr we'll kick off our 2nd Prom Fair of 2012!
Be sure to tweet us!
Shout out to , give a friend a follow
Thanks for following , 
No I don't trim my facial hair, it just grows in all redneck like that
I had a doctoram about you last night!
Haha you bleed trance from your ears!
only person ever there RT My mom always been there for me.
It's always great to have few friends who make you smile even when they are not around.
clancy's been slacking.
The Crown ain't safe.
Excellent talks at JMM2012 on making developmental college math courses modular  masterybased.
Thanks, Alvina Atkinson, Aaron Wong.
The only people who really worry about money are the very poor and the very rich.
i am SCARED for high school.
hope i get no classes with you because i feel uncomfortable around you.
I hate seeing old people by themselves :o makess me sad .
Just read for Pawn Shop Chronicles funny script...hillbillypulpfiction BTR director did a film called
There's no way I can make it without you, be here with out you, it's no fun when your doing a solo, with you is like whoa yea I know 3 :
RT : Using Twitter for PR Events bit.ly/nvibNp
There a wild turkeys everywhere in Arden Hills this morning.
Is that normal?
4 referrals this month,  were barely on the 16th x
I like your work!
When you guys get too big to be doing everything on those CP's, look me up!
Follow me too!
wadoctor what you may be missing is the entire metaemotional swamp that anchors argument :
Lol I like how you think!
Listening to favorite song sweet love Chris Brown 
All the men in her life FAIL her...
what is she to do??
good morning gorgeous but woo likeing the new pic there lol crazy girl!
thank you i am
being sick sucks :.
or should I say opposites....don't go together at all!
The church is not in the buisness of healing people....
quote from the devil inside
loving the belt over the sweater!
I should be working, but instead I'm watching the Star Trek where Data is Sherlock Holmes.
I'm content with that.
aww thanks.
You okay?
I saw and heard your leg was bothering you.
I only beat my time by a minute
Even during moments of chaos some things just work out nicely...
And thankfully there are still good people in this world!
Haven't been on lately.
Been super busy, and now catching up on tweets
3 things Ive learned in school: Texting without looking, Sleepin without getting caught, TEAMWORK on tests.
The link didn't work for me.
Who has shoe recommendations?
I need a crosstrainer and running shoes.
Brooks ?
Asics ?
UnderArmor?
Getting ready for work!
Warm oatmeal on a cold morning yumm
Just loaded in at Ace of Spades getting ready to rock the Fuck!ng house with REHAB!
oh yeah.
HBO wages war on obesity!
Good job!
Tonight is THE NIGHT!
100thIssueParty at w/  MORE.
Doors 630.
Come celebrate with us!
doesn't look good.
Bryz sucks.
Getting ready for band practice.
I assumed that it was abt their relationship back when she first went solo
Thanks for spending time with me 3
Good day at the farm with my llama family
my 1sentence diss summary: I found a few of those problems.
Glad to be back in Nashville!!
What an amazing first day of business!
Thank you everyone for the support and good energy.
Much Metta!
10 off Monday screen printing orders.
We may train or peak for a certain race, but running is a lifetime sport.
Alberto Salazar, marathon runner
My sister got a real job today!!
Go sister!!
I need new friends ..

OH lord, I am right there with you!
I think about what the characters would be doing/where they are!
It's a little insane.
What design can bring to policymaking
maybe THAT is why he's having such a hard time calling home.
'Very uncertain' situation about fate of journalists in Tripoli with rebel advance on Libya capital
Happy Tuesday!
Any May Day Madness in your hood today?
I give thanks for the experiences that shape my life.
Oh hey weekend!
:
you must be on quarter system.
I have 4 more weeks to go before break.
Urgh.
Have fun writing.
Could talk to some people before meeting about coming up with some responses, or thoughts with questions, ask what  thinks?
S/O TO ALL THE CATS FROM EAST TO WEST THAT KEEP IT 1HUNNIT WIT SELF ....AN DO EVERTHANG TO THEY CAN TO PUSH THEIR PROGRAM AGAINST THE GRAIN
RT : Those who find a way to enjoy whatever life has to offer are the ones who get to enjoy the very best that life has to...
that's interesting as in not right.
MT : Factoid: Fees  Austin libraries goes to general fund vs the library's acct.
If you can't give me solutions to my problems don't bring it up.
I think we all can identify the problem, were looking for soullutions!!!!
Great game
This man is hungary he seatn here eatting a big mac to cheeseburgers...
Listening to a few cuts from Menino on There are few things worse in this world than that man's accent...
Awwwh; I live in San Antonio I love it hear it's just really Hot!
But u get used to it I guess;
you give us the feeling to want to travel...
Nice catch, Raburn.
Our mainstream media is muffled when warmongers were doctorft dodgers: Bush, Cheney, Limbaugh.
time to get motivated for work.
3 cups of coffee and counting....
Sorry , I wrote off Binaural 10 years ago.
Just rediscovered it though, been on repeat for a week.
Yeah Im Ready for habesha parties this summaaaa !
Ready to kill the eskistaaa
I don't have my phone right now, where should I meet you?
wen one makes it we all do
Do you think the NFL is going easy on these guys?
seems like if this is true they should lose their jobs, KatrinaBias I think;
Trade you a Kirkland night out for a Belltown night out.
;
Be ya self then we can kick it
Try doctornking some cool toilet water.
That should help
RT : President will lavish praise on US Forces ...these Americans stood tall.
Addoctorss live at 4:30pm on
Follow North Carolina PR, Writer, etc.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli
Attention : Do me a favor and listen to this song I post here in a few minuets
RT : Ryan: Burfict said Marvin Lewis has been in constant contact with him since Round 4, and he will be visiting the Bengals soon.
Fatniss Everdeen is an awesome name for a kitty!
Java's Stout is now on tap at Rohrbach's!
We have growlers available at our Railroad St.
location and it's on nitro at the pub!
Met On chatroulette tonight!!
That was amazing!!!3333
God gave me you for the ups and downs.
:
That's not football.
I do love my Morgan State
GET YOUR LIVING SACRIFICE TICKETS FROM US!
Fat Daddy's on Feb 7th!
holla at the oscars!
kk im ready to get this thing going, best film lets go!
i predict the king's speech.
academy loves anything english
hey!
I know you!
Want to get together and play this weekend?
you might as well do it for me!
I like it, wonder how preparedness would affect the numbers.
Maybe that's an element of control?
you should get up before him and jam to something else
Bye Blake!!!
Come on Grizzlies!!!
oh trust its multiple battles that I haven't watched, and Like I said the battle scene is getting watered down
How come squirrels get a pass to bury whatever they want in the park but the cops go crazy when I try to bury one tiny bloody knife?
how is off season?
Is it weird not to be in the same routine everyday?
True or False, Kyle Wiltjer will pour in some buckets next year?
Thanks for following!
Fishing for the bounty of the Great Lakes
So excited for cinco de doctornko tomorrow with my favvvvs gonna be so crazy 
WTF WHO DO WE TRADE UP FOR?!?
Summer is almost over......Does your pool need a little TLC?
Aloha Pool Care.
7607987321
Suggested names for the NO Hornets: NO Teabaggers; NO Confederacy of Dunces
Looking for a new home in SanDiego?
I've got tons of new listings coming up  let me know what you're looking for!
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote?
I still have to get up and take the disc out.
It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
The Finnish examples of Staffordshire dogs are now all facing outward, I wonder if that was an invitation...
Love it!
RT : Stats are like bikinis.
What they reveal is important, but what they hide is VITAL.
Knee deep in Wellies on a daily basis and now talking with a brogue.
: where'd you guys go I'm in seattle not sure where Ryan is...thought he was at home but maybe not.
Glad you can make it RT : we are happy to be here
Why does every good thing have to be taken away?
Why am I only allowed a few months of happiness before my world comes crashing down?
Stunning resolution from the blue crab claw microCT scan
I gave up on it.
My YouTube is just margaretr0se and I have another one up though.
Don't mean to take time from your postseason analysis of Stinger, but feel free to respond when you get 90 seconds.
what's up homie..I'm actually pre selling the course now...
well your week starts on Sunday...and yes...i wouldn't miss them either if I were where you are!
Hearing somebody just say they're sorry and then just bursting out in tears because that's just what you've wanted the whole time.
Plays like one too.
RT : Raymond Felton is built like a brick fat person.
Whats your favorite song?:
good idea!
I'm off!
tonite's dinner consisted of pickled onions, olives, pepadew peppers, and fresh veggies.
as weird as that sounds..
it works!!
prayfornida was in a really bad accident, please pray for we guyss
Gram still in surgery, going on hour 3...waitingwaiting
tis a thing of beauty.
Perhaps the most glorious thing I've ever seen.
our company offer services for tshirt label changing for A very low price for more info email us at
I'm not gonna take this crap during this trip.
ZACKS my friend and you have to get over it..
:/
We would love to, is this for a particular event?
I MISS YOU 3
What the heck I keep losing followers :
BEAUTY TIP: Neutrals are in  nails, lips  eyes.
Go neutral!
Starting the paleo diet on Monday.
Well, it's more of a lifestyle than a diet.
: I'm a little late, but I'm ready!!!
YES!
lol and she bothered me on that show, too.
This Wednesday Dec.
7: WOW!
Wailea on Wednesdays concert 6:30pm Erin Smith, lead singer of The Throwdowns, performs solo.
Good 3 You better love 1D!
And bring me to their concert July 2013 with Ultimate VIP passes and then we can go get gauges!
May MCA forever be phony paper passin' at Nick's Check Cashin'.
Wordoctor Fearless Weirdos will probably have some shirts you'd like.
Hit up She might be in the store.
Hear, hear!
RT : this is why I am thankful for twitter, where my body language can be reduced to mere emoticons o/
Confidence is contagious and so is lack of confidence, and a customer will recognize both.
Vince Lombardi
everything is miscellaneous: david weinberger.
again, finally.
taking notes this time.
plus it could be in there or a month or longer if he was burning stored fat
Will be taking this blogpost to heart and following each step starting today.
May email w/ questions and progress report.
Young black and wealthy...yea im guilty
No heels,No shirt,No skirt
I'll be behind the bar  The hangar if your out tonight.
8203 broadway.
Party turned out better after all....
had fun!
2300 birds are found dead along Chilean shore; some injured: Jos Luis Britos, the director of the Museum of Natural history of San A...
Even when you're friends with them
I wonder how much their facebook features are actually used Doesn't seem worth it to use them.
and he did things a righteous man would not approve of
Willis: comparing Sunrise to James Benning's American doctorams
You're amazing!!!
:
EOI is proudly donating food from  for 's Blue Santa breakfast tomorrow 12/2.
from 6 10am
Is it so hot where you are?
And then my mom is going to New York in a week : why didn't my parents invite me?
Time to put this game to bed and listen to some indie rock.
See ya in Lawrence!
Football and netball action
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
Lily Tomlin
i'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well, this is a big world than it was a small town, i was a doctoramer before you ..
let me know, get my number from
PUNK NIGHT at JERILEES Pub in Lafayette, IN  featuring PIPE BOMB, THE ENDERS,  the CAN'T GET NUN'S  Friday, July 23 9pm!!
I give up.
You've changed over the last 5 yrs.
I'm done trying.
Good bye best friend this isn't easy at all!
There's no Ain't No N on Illmatic.
D'aw, thanks.
Demi Lovato has a powerful voice!
:
Jon Kopp  utilize digital storytelling to facilitate learning and organizational change
Come on Rox!
really I just want things to be citable...
and i think that can translate to attribution and maybe reputation if done correctly
RT : As a Capricorn Your ideal partner: Has a good sense of humor and is incredibly powerful and well respected.
I know, it's crazy!
I'm beyond ready though haha
yay tuna casserole
I thought that was so lame  like what?
OW!
You got glitter in my eye, man!!!
oO
Nees a tactful way to snap photos of friends' BadArt for my collection.
House party had potential: lumpy women climbing  disfigured horses
ewwwwwwwwwwww u a nasty , stop thinking u hot
Too soon...
you're so insensitive.
Not the time or place for SJ irreverence //cc:
Not just replacing coffee with green tea  conciously pumping it through myself at least 12 hrs/day.
Formaldehyde for the living.
Playing tonight with , Tripping Dogs, and DJ Xibalbalola!
We are on EARLY.
9pm 21 FREE
purple would be cool
okay!
I'll work on this :
She got a deepvoice i mistakened her for Freeway lol
dude check out the coathangers.
I discovered them today and I love them.
I just seen a girl in a Girls Gone Wild costume, is that really costume a girl at IU Bloomington really should be wearing?
Mad A'F
Tonight :30 , Come take Adult Salsa With Us Today , Only 15 doctorpIn , Or show Your Class Card.
Experience The New Era Of Salsa !
Enjoy
being in charge of our Tweet specials,I'm officially inviting u  I'll be honored by ur presence spa
We better not get too excited about the BCS changes if they aren't implemented until 2014.
Thanks for nothing Bill Hancock
And now...
bing crosby!
I think Jedi's bury their problems internally and will all be in therapy later in life.
Sorry discussion at
I am really just talking to myself at this point.
However, if I have to listen or read another digi pres panic, I'll scream.
Women have very little idea of how much men hate them.
Germaine Greer
yes, planning on it!
A commercial during the most exciting 10 laps so far?
Not cool
with who?
Check out witness.org that outlines best practices for informed consent.
morning mike.
Hope you have a good today :
I refuse to be disrespected....
I guess I'll be honest, I could use you around.
IKR I had so much this break.
ugh!
Don't hate 
Heading home finally Long day
Sunday's taping of Long Shot Podcast was so explosive it LITERALLY set 's building on fire!
COMING SOON!
oh yea it is!
School is gay.
It's all busy work, take me home.
I could be asleep.
A few days ago, but there are leftovers in the fridge.
C'mon over!
;
let's see, articles about placement , articles about ROI,articles about local engagement..that's our platform!
And therein lies the problem.
Mirror, Mirror on the wall who is the fairy Godfather of Downtown?
I know I know it's sounds pretentious but someone just called me that...
it was for Louisville...
Oh..
Stop complaining over being single.
Be a proud single, then you won't get heartbroken.
Bravo 2 ArtisanFestival Incredible connection consumers to producers/products!
all I can think of DZ.
those are initials.
So you put her on blast :0...
log on now b4 you cant get on the stream ;
Very exciting!
What are you working on?
today's gonna be a downloading day.
got lots of movies i need.
and while i'm waiting, i shall do my summer homework.
oh, what a nerd i am.
if you're going to get mad about something that stupid and not talk to me then GETOVERYOURSELF .
Some friend you are, woww.
Wearing white pants is one of the top three most stressful things in the entire world.
Phooey on the building for cockblocking my internet connection!
Diversity Platinum shooting its first commercial today to be released June 15th!
you should really follow me .
i think i would about die .
For me Plato is a high point in human development.
Perhaps Aristotle.
But Arabs and Persians were their heirs.
Deep development occurs
1 RT Jim Smith on proposed athletics budget: 'Florida State needs to decide if were going to be in bigtime athletics or not.'
Your posts are still public.
I must ask that you cease using Mitchell Airport and remove all posts immediately.
That first week is gonna be crazy bro, I got too much anticipation!
great webinar the other day on mobile web in HiEd!
I'm very impressed with what WM has done.
Is there an archive of the webinar?
GOOD MORNING TWITTERVILLE
Albuquerque, NM Feb.
29 2012 Upward Motion Personal Training delivers their Youtube video channel lineup companys videos.
Better than nothing: via FCC Votes to pass netneutrality rules
smh!
Boy was I ever...
How are you cuz!
JoeyDiamondFact joey has both his nipples pierced
just gave a follow to help him reach 10k
Hey can I get a follow from you guys?
For my 16th birthday???
please 3 love you
Love that you are spreading the word that Detroit  Opportunity City!
Hope to see you March 31st!
I was thinking about writing a book about eternity but it would take forever to finish it.
going to get a few things done...then back to play in a bit.:
Snooze.
This speaker is making me snooze.
I like the guy a lot, but damn.
SNOOZE!
would you consider Bowie for solo and Ziggy Stardust stuff?
I wish I wish I wish I wish a bitch woooooouuuuuuuulllllllddddddd
Learned how to do a french braid!!:
Who else has a shout out for their team?
Mark your calendars,April 14 an awesome time for a great cause right ?
Sorry, I just haven't been on on Twitter today.
So glad to hear it!
:
Thank you mister;
I know.....and cute
U.S.
Stocks: Dow above 13,000 Friday; propelled by robust earnings reports from General Electric and Microsoft.
yeah, im at the preshow
Good time at and bailie's bday party.
Right?
RT ConservaTeacherCommencement is NOT A DISCUSSION!!
It should be a celebration of CATHOLIC VALUES!!

Heads up: Sysinternals updates coming Monday for Autoruns, Strings, and LiveKd.
Awesome!
was that you at that party last night?:b
Once you get by bum car on the side of the road, it's smooth sailing on 43 north near 894.
happy to hear...been checking out your SC page...wicked stuff!
event w/ !
Let the How we Make Movies fun begin!!!
On the bus about to go on a field trip.
Ugh i dont even know how to ice skate.
Lol hmj though!
honestyhour: Why charge Airlinebagfees...
why not just charge passengers by total weight since that's the real issue
Thnk u to new followers!
5:30 is super early, child.
.
HYPE dance crew is popping and locking their way to substance abuse prevention!
cc
dude you know how scary that sounds to me?lol you needa actually show me dude you know that 
RT With my luck, I bet if I was homeless, I'd probably end up with the shopping cart with the fucked up wheel.
Are they wearing red polo shirts?
my bad how so?
oh I wouldn't have been able to help I hate that show xD
Rules for the Shadow Mayor of Seattle: 1 Always walk just behind the actual Mayor and away from the side facing the sun.
hahaha I haven't charged it since last night!
:p I figured someone woulda make a comment on that :p
Very nice late night TV tonight.
The passenger deftones....
Forgot how much I loved this song
on the air at 615 on Channel 963!
There's too much opportunity out there so never give up, ever.
You guys did a great job last night!
Now Good luck against PDL!
Haha I love how Switzerland isn't considered the real world : Lol!
It's nice to know someone can lie to your face, behind your back  about you to other people....
Oh this wonderful world called life !
;
Yooooooooooooo!!
When im older....
I wanna be with the most wonderful guy ;
right na me and my righthand be off that BACARDI LIMN.
thats shit get you just right and that shit taste good.
tomorrow at 10 in The morning I know your lazy ass gonna be sleeping x
So I guess add Battier and Pittman to the list of people that will be taking the last shot of the game instead of
well thank ya : Now I gotta feel for Vinny...look out tomorrow
HEY i just met you , and this crazy but heres my number so call me maybee  LOL i love that song x
Today's beard is Mikolas Ales.
Never heard of him?
Go check him out on our site.
Hey girl is tonite hungry tiger n if so what time again???
thanks everyone who donated to the Lambchop show on wtju.net...
You MUST TUNEIN to the absurdly good lineup of shows on wtju.net
you're cute,follow me please3
yeah, freeze any old veggie scraps  they all boil down to a good veg stock.
Congrats and good luck to one of my former bosses...Steve Lavin!
Discount Double Check Gets Double Stuffed
via : Determined to ease your minds as we set our eyes on the things that BUG you!
If you have pests Please Call us at 214918

They said he took batting practice today and everything seemed alright.
unintentional awesomeness :
But I guess she just called because she cared.
I think I can finish all these damn assignments...it's gone take time, but imma do it.
So who is planning on seeing Friday The 13th on Friday The 13th?
What u guys r doing is amazing things all over the world!
I came to Christ thru you!
OMG i went over tweet limit BUT IM BACK:D
haha very true!
only true chicagoans appreciate the city rain or shine
TYB is like a regular daily walk for your brain, it is the regimen of it that I like.

ok, but do we call you Mike or Natasha?
hahaha...
Cool I'm in Chicago until Sunday but maybe I can catch ya at Blue Nile.
Hope to see you soon
Nate and Jake think that they just saw a UFO They recorded it and everything...
I walked 5th street in Owensboro at 3am wasted with a 18 pack of bud!
Vday isn't even a real holiday.
Just an excuse 4 guys 2 treat their girls like princesses which is BS cuz thats how it should be all yr
Ice cream sundae with caramel.
:
TUFlive!
Let's go!
So excited!
Just saying but I called this shizz.
digitaltext Don't forget that we meet at 10am tomorrow!
A good and sweet Passover and Happy Easter to all!
creative motivation: B regular  orderly in your life, so that u may b violent  original in your workGustave Flaubert
Generally agree, but a quick burst reminding voters of Obama adult actions may cancel out Romney's HS stunts, without blowback.
i love their hair dyes.
i go to their store very often.
you should see the people over there.
they are amazing.
listen this is my 3rd attempt, and 3rd name, and I've already blocked myself, from myself and can't get it unblocked!
haha that's a real place?
Where it at, homeboy?
And please god tell me they sell tshirts!
Good to know it's the coffee bringing it out.
I was wincing and decided milk alone tastes better.
This could be a good thing.;
will you be later too?
Nice!
Someone else hit me up this week too.
I have 2011 narrowed down, just have to post.
Hoping to do so soon!
Thanks!
I'm working tonight, and just want to tell you that listening to you sing made me feel 100 better.
Merry Christmas!!
Good day...pay day
I live with these songs in the absence of conversation...
How did it go?
Nice to see you last night  Sarah said the event is private but maybe you, Lee and I can go get a snack or something after?
We have Direct Connect with Bank's REOs for Pennies on Dollars for Commercial and Residential Properties  Email:
Why build a lighthouse in the middle of town?
last thing i wanna do tonight is have to say goodbye :
SUMMER HAS ARRIVED EARLY....DECK AT SHOOTERS IS OPEN TONIGHT.....MY HOMEY KING.DOM IS GONNA BE THERE KILLIN IT ON THE TABLES....LESGO
Come to M100F to hear talk about advancing marriage equality
I will forever be an outcast, an outcast with a retarded penis.
My pleasure guys!
lifewaseasy before I was born.
as long as they get the message I think it works out the same :D
quoth the raven, nevermoresquare.
Kane over Orton?
Hm didn't see that coming!
It has been a nice break :D.
Sounds interesting.
I want to learn more about the human body esp.
with my own health issues.
Have a great weekend /  Psenlo chancho!!
that's the attitude we like to see!
That looks terrific.
Does peter get a sip?
Out of coffee filters.
Only sell tea paraphernalia in this part of London.
Venturing to Kentish, anticipating NYC effortless caffeination.
No love.
All business.
Living is learning.
Becoming a man takes times like these.
You ain't a boss if you never took a loss.
Here's hoping we get more THIS YEAR
good idea!
...
taking note
Marcus you'n even gotta pay sht..
I know u don't!
I think Ruth may be my new favorite book of the Bible...
Stop blaming everything literally on me
The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him.
Nahum 1:7
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Kid from the Trackmeet won't leave me alone.
Just got hit on by a college senior......
I look like I'm 12?
What part of you is attracted to me?
We're doing a trunk show in Beaumont, TX today!
I you live or know someone that lives in the area shoot us a DM.
Learn more about Hmong culture with resources from our Hmong/Southeast Asian collection at the Wausau Headquarters Library.
having so much fun writing tweets for the fictional characters in 5HE's intransit: wink.
it's easier than writing my own.
there are some places where you can just take some chairs and sit to watch but people camped out last night lol
Surround yourself with people that are only gonna lift you higher, because friends are the family you chose yourself.
do you think it would fit in the overhead?
now following young lady!
and I just called you!
Your account is sending spam DMs.
You might want to change your password  check your apps.
My people, there is nothing new under the sun.
Let's stop doing the same stuff and expecting different results.
That's called insanity :
SPECIAL OF THE NIGHT SummerFredo yum stop on by :
mister.
Amelia Preschool: Painting with Marbles
follow me  frenchi2871.
LoL Nite Hun see you in a few, hopefully you get that time off!
come to the dark side!!!
no work today
you bet ...and that is the prooblemmm...lol
yep me too man.
Still one of the worst feelings I've ever had after that regional game.
what haters do you have?
O.o
thats the tradition.
and dont think ive forgotten about my secret plans to get you moved out here...
lol who are you trying to fool?
cause it ain't me
amen!!
can't wait for Jan  season 3.
Working with the youth entrepreneurship network of Philadelphia teaching SEO and Social Media Marketing!
Enjoyed my first official taxpayer night!
Went for a run after and I get home to see the O's up 40 on the spankees!
Great Day
How've you been?
Does Brain Training Improve Cognitive Abilities?
you got big plans for.next week or something
yea lol it's a shame
if i could sing like anyone, i would sing like adele.
if i could steal someone's talent for lyric writing, i would steal eminem's.
Who likes the new song we posted?
Shouldn't be too long till the whole demo is out :
reminds me of the car ride...
Attending day 2 of the latest FL Dist Learning Consortium mtg.
Best wishes to Susie Henderson as she moves to Educause.
We'll miss you!
and i go hard in the paint.
Sounds like a good idea!
May God shower you and your family with His blessings this coming year!
:
Leadership is causing others to think in new ways about old problems.
Damn.
Wellplayed.
Just gave 20 to a nice little slot machine that promised Mucho Dineros!
in Vegas.
Haha!
Nahh.
:p Same here just tweeting away and being bored with no life.
Lol.
Cannot be dealing with fanwars.
Since when was being a fan a competition?.
El Cajon: what school?
...in case you didn't realize I meant 'ur in' to mean 'urine'.
No spoilers!
I'm an episode behind, but still: Totally agree.
that robot head was funny af i just retweeted too...
Everyone who's interested in Virginia's agricultural and rural industries should follow my friend Bette Brand:
Get your fill with Tampico20oz!
: RT I need sum tampico
Deadlines and due dates and todo's, oh my!
Our first show at the in almost a year is tonight.
Music starts at 6.
See you guys there.
Bring your mom.
it was really quite stellar.
He's a paragon of fashion
As member of the Illuminati, I approve this.
RT Obama's hood looks crimson in color  that's actually the hood for journalism.
's got something different tho.
I keep telling ya'll I'm a virgin.
Did you just shout that wish to me or act it out?
Either way, THANKS!
;
Just came back from the rec
Happy birthday to the father of Op Art Victor Vasarely!
Search ARTstor to find images of his optical illusions.
I won't.
But the station still sounds cool!
for sure!
is she having a party?
need those dam sunglasses and ill be ready to show up at crime scenes
ya know what would be cool?
If you followed me :
Agree  such a tragedy that should have been caught by many points in the healthcare system.
Prayers for all involved
I stopped following you guys a while ago bc idc  u say shit to piss me off so I'll do it back.
Unfollow me.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!
If you are middle aged and still waiting for that knight in shining armor, settle for the factory worker in the Cadillac.
dirty little lasers
There's no way I'd rather spend my Saturday night then watching movies with my babygirl.
:
No for all three days
Hahaha oops, our stickers are tiny.
Maybe we can rebrand this as micropromotion.
YO MARTHA STEWART ANSWER MY TEXTS
Real shit lol RT : i'd be the dirtiest cop RT : If I was a police officer if be causing havoc .
youcantellshesahoodoctort I don't even hear her talkin I just see her head moving
perfect day for it!
We hope you're having a wonderful time.
:
Thanks we need it!
Did I ever tell you that I had three pet turtles named Yoshi, Donatello and....Splinter?
Yep.
I thought I was funny.
I know, it has to do with STO.
Running the MensHealth Urbanathlon in SF on Sunday.
For Tweeps who've done it, thoughts?
Tips?
my friends amanda wills and colton chesser hates each other im chatting with both on facebook
confession I hold a special part in all of my ex's hearts.
Til this day I'm still loved by all
hey!
:D how are you today?
Life still goes on I guess.
8 months...Eh.
It's true.
There will be a Funch 2!
you mean to tell me you are that damn sensitive that some1 can upset you by wrds they TYPE on the computer...com'on son
Hey Direct Msg Tom felton and tell him to follow me please man he is so cool
doctor Marcus Cosby just slaughtered the House!!!
Can I Get a Witness?!
FOX News' Jennifer Griffinhubby NPRs Greg Myre will be talkin Israel  the MidEast on my show Wed 5.25 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
It's not hairstyling, it's sculptural ephemera.
Lol
Thanks for the
And that Miami run looked like the black team running away from us.
Waffriday?
Anyone?
Does that even make sense?
We're suppose to praise Wilf for an extra 50M?
He has a condo that cost 19M.
The Vikes are highfiving right now, yelling we screwed em!
RT Thanks to more currents!
No matter who you are, it is so simple...a feeling...but it's everything...
me either :o lol
We were all raised differently.
My phonesignal sucks
sorry I had to dash!
son to science experiment: catapults!
It was great to follow you for a bit.
Amazing, impornat conversation
Never ever will you find me more on edge than watching the lakers play game 7
I'm back at the zoo, this time to visit the Orangutan family.
Good morning USA!!
Time to get the blood pumping and the oxygen flowing!!
Gym time...
My favorite!!
indeed you do :
Benefit to coming into the office on my telework day?
Lobstah!!
thank you
My daughter is over here singing long heels,red bottoms..stay up stay up stay up lmaoo
My Daddy Always Tell Me This....Don't let your mouth get you into something your ass can't handle Lmao
I'm just going to write all my feelings and thoughts out in a journal :
I smelled the same thing and thought the same thought.
Mexico vs.
Colombia, Spain, Brazil to meet in U20 World Cup quarters
You have another cat!?
You're such an old cat lady already.
Just got my gym membership!
I live so close!
Like 20 minutes.
:
The Cross represents the victory that you have been fighting for, begging for, praying for.
Own the Word.
Those promises belong to you!
Anyone else heading to the Sundance film festival?
you won!
Your belief in the Bible, Faith, Your Christ,Your God should trump any decision that is put in front of you contrary to the word.
just 2 hours : till you mind blow all the single monthers away!!
Whoa.
Real smart.
MT My online forum with Ed Blum and : MLK in the Era of Occupy bit.ly/yzVAMC,
Attention ATT : 4G on my iPhone 4S?
Really?
Still the same sucky experience.
Change that indicator back and I'll respect your honesty.
aha okayy.
Ill miss u in math GSweats:/
Thanks likewise
Shabazz Muhammad just dunked over UNCcommit Marcus Paige.
Perfect score.
Clam Chowder today!!!
Try a bowl for ONLY 2.99
Something Sweet  A
should totally go to Seattle again!
;D its a pretty awesome city..
i must say!
: haha
Thank you person who had the idea to create
I nominate for a Shorty Award in radio because its the best in paranormal radio!
Out celebrating 2 years with , meatpackingstyle.
IM BORED!
haha I love how I delete all my tweets so it looks like I just RT stuff!
XD
Mmmmmmuah!
Much Love!
Who up....call me I'm talking shit tonight.
3136485753
now that the weathers getting nicer i wanna start waking up early before school and exercising.
i just need running shoes b/c i cant in vans
Budgets arent just numbers on a spreadsheet, they reflect our values.
We need to invest differently.
np if you
On the boardwalk at Venice Beach again.
's idea of crowd work: Your bicycle helmet's on backwards.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
WHY LEAVE HIM ON THE FLOOR!!
We are up 12 with a minute left.
Kiss the championship goodbye.
BYE!
it's not a huge story, but it's relevant b/c it provides a glimpse of who Mitt is.
Something he doesn't give us in speeches.
demonstrating how dangerous it is to have uneducated people make significant economic decisions.
if only it was that.easy.
Great piece on CRASH.
should pick you up.
yay, thanks for joining my Cyn needs a place to sleep and store her clothes search team
I can relocate anywhere in the US for your open retail position.
See my website....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 53
HOLOCAUST HAPPEN NOW IN SYRIA....
IN THE LIGHT OF DAY....AND THE WIFE SPEND'S THE PEOPLE'S ,, BLIND SOUL
At the newsapps panel.
Tough choice on next session: UGC panel that is very much related to my project ...
or The Onion.
plant something in Organic mushroom soil...
you wanna see something grow.
Hottest, tastiest, hot peppers ever.
Yeah I'm going lol
Shoutout to the lets closeout the ps im havin fun sect 416
Trading in my Camister for a pontoon boat ...
Wow ...
Rivers instead of roads ...
Be safe SA!!!
just make sure you keep that tension low on those box braids.
Special shout out to all my followers!
Thanks.
Hit me up with events in the harbor region!
I want breakfast RT : I really wanna go to breakfast but no one to go with
: now following SB smashbrothers in the building bmg stand up
it might just...just cry for a few years
Back words...
No matter thoughts something's are still wrong to say but I guess I guess I just added on to the ruined situation I made
I just apply in 20 places today i hope they call me !
When it's my bday I prefer to give rather than receive, so for those interested I offer vip bottle service with me on Friday and Saturday!
That's right!
Forgot u did StarSearch olympics year 2004olympics think also year TomBradley International Terminal opened 
I love so much3 she's amazing3
Ok, now I can watch the game :P
even ejecting a flash doctorve can turn into a nightmare
She sucking up your homies then kissing you the next day.
I could care less about your views if they aren't what mine are basically lol haha
But still, well oh well.
Me too, can't wait for summer to come already, so done with this cold weather.
The difference between men and women.
Women make their girlfriends feel beautiful.
Men think about sleeping with their buddies girl.
We remember today  always the men and women who have served  continue to serve our country during times of war, conflict  peace.THANK U
I wish my back wasn't hurting so I could do whatever I want.
/Sigh/ life is sad.
:
Nice!
Shoutout by for the refresh groups during accessusummit conference.
Thanks Mols!
When did vanilla ice get a show on hgtv?!
U just judged me and by saying we didn't know anything.
You're quite the sinner aren't you.
Bronx pizza for dinner.
So glad they finally started delivering.
Next show is tomorrow night!
why's that?
your welcome :D
just housed a bad of popcorn.
truffle oil, parmesan cheese, chives, black pepper...its love.
is 2012 U.S.
Master Tax Guide.
my dog is fully stretched out sleeping on the couch.
not a bad first day.
Deng finally came to play !!!
You at the cocktail challenge?
People like to disappoint me.
FREE SHOW FRIDAY!
Wild Tymes  St.
Paul  8pm
aww :C too bad!
.....
Well at least check my videos ;D please :3  you'll enjoy 'em, well i hope so ..
me too lol
Back atcha, Bob!
Sunshine and blue skies here in OH all week.
Keep on applying for the best game tester position
Wedding!
Congratulations Tiffany  Ryan!
Happy to share in this celebration!
Blogs are the perfect place to share  discuss conservation treatments.
Yeah me and my producer made a mixtape as a tandem I hope/know it will be well received.
You know how I do workin workin workin
thanks for all the info!
I'll definitely check out your boards
My firm has opportunities in digital...production, development, project management.
And we'll treat ya right.
Yeah, when we're paying for dedicated servers we expect some kind of support...not file a trouble request and wait 72hrs.
ill elaborate on that lata

This lady Got On Some Phat Pharm Shoes ...
HELL NAWWWWLLL ....
THROUGH!
He means the world to me...
Too bad he'll never know.
What a good day so far hopefully it keeps going!
so fun!!
RT : had fun at tonight's party with  !!
Love seeing Glenallen Hill still in the game, coaching first base for the Rockies.
Dude used to hit majestic bombs.
Thank you for the birthday message!
I've been on travel and haven't looked at twitter.
3WordsForYou STOP!!
HAMMER TIME!
Party was coo' forreal
i wonder where u at u havent Tweed nothing whats rong me sad tweet Logan makes me happy : if u tweet
hahahah my primary school teacher taught us that billions of times :
Chef any suggestions who I should talk to atTampa cansino
Today we enjoyed the National Anthem as played by Shawn Maxwell on trumpet before passing two pieces of legislation on to the Senate.
well what kind are they, how old are they, are they fixed, and are they house trained?
What a fabulous forecast for Milwaukee Wisconsin!
Warm weather is here  at least for a few days ;
SHOUTS OUT TO ONE OF THE BEST FEMALE SINGERS POINT BLACK PERIOD
Merry Christmas a couple days late lol been running my behind off!
Leprechaun it is!!
rubs hands
ROFLMAO!!!!!
And also Parker has more fans.
Are you coming to Arizona this year?
My best friend and I still can't change clothes in front of each other because we've know each other since P.E.
1991
wish you were here, bro.
Next time...
Detroit Rock City!
IF YOU ARE IN, GOING OR BEEN TO MIAMI IN 2012 LIKE THIS PAGE, IT'S FOR YOU!
MIAMI 2012 :D
heel shopping in a few 
SO happy to be taking a mini road trip with my family to Fort Wayne!
Up first: a baseball game :
Off to sand lake
It's a great economic plan to spur growth in other bizfriendly states.
140 of equipment and three weeks of anticipation later
Not all moms are as lucky as you to be able to finance their path.
HR merely said you weren't the expert on women.
working on something cool.
might need a bigger room.
Why not?
I promise you, you will wish you did.
I'm at that stage now where I'm tired, don't want to gamble anymore, and need to get out of Vegas.
Just so lazy and useless.
Yea I was quickly reminded of that fact.
So I'm still leaving town everyday lol
The Guggenheim museum in Bilbao Spain is the greatest structure in the world.
Thanks a lot for the RT
Thanks for that RT,
Hi Todd: Let me get back to you later.
My wife is working with him and she has most of the info.
I just jumped in yesterday.
Cut, cap  balance.
our tavern is open to host any  all films  commercials...check us out!!!
Why run, when kettlebells will jack up your calorie burn at rest and increase your oxygen consumption, to improve your run?
someone told me yesterday my avi was creepy...
r even more:' Stupid twitter shortening my texts
Finished reading book Rework in like three hours total.
Had a choice between purchase of two biz books glad I chose what I did.
I don't know.
we don't have an app, but we have a mobile site.
Looks like I have to write my name on all my shit damn 
Hmm....I was surrounded by idiots in college.
Well, I went to UW so what do you expect.
Grad school was a different story.
Thanks!
As we get rolling, we'll be sure to hit you up.
Almost christmas.
:
This girl said she is 19 but she looks like shes 34 though...
that crazy!
The average human scalp has 100,000 hairs
does that mean its on its way, or that I won't feel it.
decisions...
this is true
Thanks for following back!
:
Not lookn forward to that traffic coming back downtown....
Thank you for following!
Had an excellent show tonight with Creatuve Cauldoctorn in Artspace Falls Church with Eureka hosting.
Lololol I'm a homewrecker of one night stand relationships
Maryland gets a run in the bottom of the 2nd after walk, throwing error and RBI single by Bustillos.
10 Terp lead after 2 complete.
The Christmas gift I just bought for my Mom just arrived....it is completely broken.
What the heck am I going to do :
Quickisonfire looks like TheLAKings r gonna get the broom out in today's game
Bookstore back on campus!
i dont know lol..
Just heard
Game 7 baby!
Let's do this.
Questioning the universe......
Getting in game mode early.......I will not take a L.
My team winning.......Warriors
I know, it's so overcast!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm probably blowing up your guys TL..
sorry...
totally just saw what you're talkin about
yO!
how's island life?
I'm homesick.
two more days to Graduation !
yea, BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH JFGAHGSAHG;HGA;HG
baseball in the bluegras bama vs uk time
FilmTwit grades are calculated, finalized, and submitted.
Tomorrow, APTwit2.
I feel like August was just a few days ago.
Oh hell no, Sarah Michelle Gellar!!
Is that a tie dye doctorss!!!!!
Somebody told you wrong!!
missed y'all tonight!
Hope to see you guys next time!
well good morniung there
imnotlooking for a partner , more like a bestfriend .
Outside our relationship should be a bond thats unbreakable no matter what
What if a mirror is an entrance to another dimension and the only thing stopping us from getting there is the other us?
Goodnight To u to
This thunderstorm and all over body ache make me wanna order a pizza and watch movies.
Instead, going to work a beer/spirits fest.
Next time
Back In Action :
Well that global AP was terrible lol
Cool.
So What do want to talk about?
Hey guys, im looking for a social media/events/marketing rockstar in Chicago  know anyone?
It's almost time for the Pulitzers!
Your Taste Level Isn't Even At My Waist Level !
Thanks for the FF, Liv!
so 2 out of the 3 people I have a crush on like my best friends.....
oh...
okay /3
While college students can provide ABA therapy under the supervision of a BCBA, they are not qualified to develop comprehensive ABA programs
but the easiest thing?
Building chicken sandwiches.
Lois If God wanted me to not sleep with my wife he would have made me John Travolta  Ouch, Family Guy
lawlessness?
did you even read the article?
these convoluted laws to protect us are taking away our civil liberties.
For every 100 spent at a locallyowned business, 68 stays in the local economy compared to only 43 if spent at a national chain.
I don't understand why a person would speak about something and they have no intentions of doing it.
Saw a preview of the new Call of Duty last night.
Can't wait!
Now that the film is complete.
We need some people to see it.
Trying to find people that would be interested in seeing Voices.
Expected snow showers leave dusting in
maybe because he's so amazing!
Haha
I love that sound you make when you shut the fck up.
That tweet.
lOl!
doctorpping my hairbrush during quiet hours sounds like a gunshot.
Which reminds me, I forgot to check Facebook today.
yea me too.
Im watchin a movie
I concur on Floyd
Congrats !
You've won 2 tix to w/  at TONIGHT!
you are a wild, disgusting animal.
We love you.
Had a Six Flags day!
:
Ready for a win tonight!
I didn't see you last night so how is that possible!!!????
;/
Winning not always the major part of the game.
Let my opponent exposes themselves entirely by showing their exclusive strategy
thanks for the follow :
Tennessee wbb in a nail bitter with Kentucky.
4137 wildcats with 10:00 left in the 2nd.
That's cuz you ran off and got married and you're never here anymore.
:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
I'd call you if my phone wasn't dead
haha amen I'll be  for us both
I pay these nggas with a reality check.
LilWayne John
Man my tutor uses the calculator like it's a gameboy or something...
thats right girl!!
youll conquer the world, just you and logie remember us little peeps.
:
: Check out my buddy new mix tape.
Follow him for the link.
Also I got a new track featuring him doctorpping soon!
or......walk outside!
where you at negro?
Whoa!
Stay safe and doctor!
Scientists should help make the invisible, visible  Shawn Lawrence Otto
But the Number 1 romantic Comedy has to be Brain Smasher with Andoctorw Dice Clay
RT : Where in the future might we most productively focus our research efforts, both globally and locally?
from doctor Levinson
IAlwaysWonderIf someone can read my mind when I'm thinking bad thoughts.
Today, forgive those that have hurt you  forgive yourself so that you can walk in victory.
Happy Easter!
annoying ads dude .
Miami fl !
:D
Hate when that happens!
Good luck!
freeresortbeach.info New Post  Which Varad....
Read it now at html headtitle410 Gone/title/head body bgcolorwhite center
It is 9 degrees outside.
It is April NOT January!
hah I'm playing.
I went water fall jumping that afternoon and didn't make it back in time bro.
My bad dude.
yeah..
Wat is ure favorite food?
that's a serious bottle.
i'm into making learning fun i think there are ways to learn material that for some learners may be more effective than reading
I'm not allowed to doctornk anything hot.
But I want a frappucino haha.
I'm seriously having the weirdest cravings.
I'm starving.
Omega3 GreenLipped Mussel Extract May Benefit Joint Pain And Mobility Better ...: This unique environment and aquaculture contribut...
pumped to see you guys.
RT : Thank you, Cincinnati!
Indianapolis, here we come!
Or,actually, we're here.
Just rolled in.
I think it's safe to say that Wisconsin's political class is in a civil war, and the state's economy gets to be collateral damage.
Should not still be up...
3 minutes in and I am already crying.
HELL NO MAYBE LEBRON AND BOSH
Ha, via travel, yes!
But now lots of exciting MCN2012 activity to catch up on/prep for Nov.
So much inspiration all around!
aww thank you!!
You are sweet too!!
Im listening to music!!
Hey Guys you should follow totally worth it!!!
OR IGNORE ME LIKE ALWAYS.
that's cool too.
Whatever.
I'm getting off.
Been thinking about the hillcrest farmersmarket all morning.
foodonthebrain.
Must..
have..
plzz follow me
Logging on to Google doctorve, but no Linux support?
Damn.
hey sorry for the late reply I'm on tweetlimit right now.
If you can't keep a promise, why won't you stop making them?
hey is big dave okay?
Xx
Hey Camm!!
Its been awhile ehh?:
nice piece about love.
completely resonates with my life experience.
Another Family Fun Day in the books.
Now it's time for a marketing staff tradition, for season kickoff meal.
It is not our differences that divide us, it is our inability to recognize, accept and celebrate those differences.
Audoctor Lorde
Saturday, May 14, 2011 Colinz Room, H.O.P.E., Jaybird, Shifty Binzer, Alan Marco,  Poetri, your host IT'S A PARTY!!!
FREE!
PEACE DAY 2011
Lmfaoo..
I would have said the same thing but im the youngest out of my family
Big weekend in the Big Easy!
he's the leader of a famous ad agency  it's his job to care what people think

JR unpacking the tension btwn the public and private voice...
losing one's platform  validation.
Encouraged?
I don't think so.
I will not vote for him nor did I.
And none of the rebups will get my vote either.
red bottoms all summer promise that yall ready :
About to go get some Big Macks you feel me?!
Let's go.
I just come out of shower, and yeah you can have your book x
was the maple syrup hike canceled?
i don't see it on your calendar.
whats up beauty
FavoriteNBAMoments Dirk's Mavs winning their first title.
I'm lakergang , but I cried.
Keep your heart 3 stacks keep your heart  these girls are smart
OH: Person 1Fireless.
I am pretty sure it's FIRELESS.
Person 2 THERE IS NO WAY the 'FI' in Wifi is FIRELESS!!!
RT True to our water signs we Pisces tend to go with the flow  figure things out once we get wherever the waves take us.
Had a blast at the doctoramdoctorve today dallas with my fellow footballwives crew!
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
x24 Mexico.
Earthquake in Japan, watching 2 see damage as also in room full of leading Japanese networking folksglobal fiber can save lives
The IRS.
i want to go skateboarding or something but skate park is closed :
Thank you so much for following me!!
:
twitteR package in R is insanely cool
good thing I've got the internet to remember my stories, because clearly my mind is a sieve.
btw, you going to cwcon this year?
best.
song.
ever.
Define your business goals clearly so that others can see them as you do.
repping the Jets today.
don'tcare
EverydayIThinkAbout where God has brought me from!
thankful 
LOL Well I am ready to go for the ride.
There aint no rest for the wicked, till we close our eyes for good.
weren't you a 4 star?
plus, it's all about money for who covers it.
i enjoy following recruiting but its getting oversaturated
Jonas Fans Are Blessed!
That Clippers game almost made my heart stop.
Glad for Bledsoe the last Grizzlies shot didn't fall, he wouldn't have lived that down.
So sad for her friends, family and the music community may she rest in peace.
Tv, two of my fave boys, and junk food!
It's the little things that matter
haha word, i can't even collab with my right hand man!
shake it off and come back stronger than ever.
we love ya!
No Birdman , youre not 5 star .
you need to change yo ' twitter name
lmao it's like X rated though smh
Small group at my house in 15 min and I'm not even there to clean it up:
thinking about getting a tattoo this weekend...hm
Surprisingly I'm Neutral To The Whole Situation .
masterbating : Her: do you have a type of girl?
Me: No I don't discriminate.
Those who discriminate masterbate.
GASP OLLY.
MURS.
this baby.
What I wouldn't give to be held by olly murs..
Attention all Artist don't forget we are having the HitMakerContest still  doctorambighustlehard.com for further info check out the website
If you missed us tonite be sure to check the schedule at 12daysofkissmas.com We'll be around town for 8 more days!!
Get up get out get something !
Dont spend all your.
Time trying to get.
HIGH 
My best friend is the someone who brings out the best of me.
great episode!
I would love to participate in more online foodallergy support group forums in different cities.
Facebook helps too!
Make some NOISE for Kristen and the Noise!
Tonight
Feeling loved!
Today, the NewOrleans City Council recognized Loyno for our contributions over the past 100 years.
Go Pack!
lol does anyone else famous follow you?
Code Novak at Sergio Tachini site may crash the site gets you 30 discount ;
ahh i missed you congrats on your win :
What was the most unusual service animal you ever saw being used to assist their owner?
How did you react?
www.crtasa.blogspot.com
That's nice.
I pay 100 a month for my cell phone bill and it always shits a brick
UConn, Stanford, UNLV, Arizona, UCLA, Kansas, Indiana  Michigan have seen 2015 doctoram Vision PF Stephen Zimmerman play this weekend.
Don't you need editors, book cover designers, and marketing?
And don't authors want to get paid?
why the raid?
Oh, you're not only 8....you're in love?
Is that so?
Hahahahahah.
megan, megan, and megan.
888 Poker here I come!
and it fucking sucked.
You have to pay for all food on the plane.
Credit only, no cash.
Its all expensive.
You are very welcome.
It's always great to catch up with old friends.
Glory is such a nice song from father to daughter.
Every father should express that kinda love for his child.
I need some new bands to listen to!
Any suggestions?
Always fun to share tea with winemakers.
Today our friends Blosser.
Thanks for making Smith Teamaker your field trip visit.
adam levine is amazing!!!
Price makes no sense, but the story speaks to all budding entrepreneurs.
I've seen the movie Contagion before.
It was called Outbreak.
love u too girl
Nice, both LA teams gonna lose in Game 7.
LOVE IT
Just explained the difference b/t recommendations  mandates to all CDC mtg attendees  got huge applause!
I'm glad I don't work today or tomorrow c: I'm going to sleep like a baby
Can't wait til caps game tonight!
Dear Hilton hotel room.
I am ready to check in.
Why aren't you?
I'll have the chicken caesar salad without the chicken and the caesar doctorssing.
My Dad, to the waitress.
Here's the hashtag for our Eighth Symposium on Nov.
19, Cyberspace and Civic Space: The Impact of the Internet on Our Democracy:
Finally!
What was supposed to happen on Monday happens today.
Leaving for a 34 day grind in Tunica in a few hours!
12 hrs i'll be playing!
Stepping out of the page into the sensual world.
happy birthday, gorgeous!
I am still getting my Twitter feet wet : This has been such fun.
So much inspiration .
.
.happy to meet so many!
Getting a free BlueAngels show, they've been flying over the house for about 30 minutes!
SO COOL!!!
Question via : do you think the current political climate will affect voter turnout this November?
did you see Al Horford do the joe kwitek lay up???
Is creeping
yeah, well, I'm doing it on my phone and don't have the patience to try  edit anymore.
big credit to patchwork by M's pen tonight, keeping the game within reach.
also, to Octavio Dotel.
wassup wit ya
has this happened more than once?
Did you try the reset password question mark?
Day 1 of training to run...again.
I've got the walking part down.
THat's a start right?
Happy FollowFriday!
Retweet and Favorite us to encourage your fans to follow
MeAndYouCantDate because I'm too involved with someone already!
it's called twitter.
lol
Sometimes when I think about Jesus a lot, I literally don't know what to do.
JESUS CHRIST IS JUST AMAZING.
I can't even calm down right now.
wanna text me?
where the fuck is the 16?
waiting over 40 minutes.
I know it's not exciting, but save yourself some some future hassles  ck your furnace filter...
Or don't and call us in a month or so!
:
needs to come back into my liiifee
lol that was supossed to be a smiley face not a winkey face....
It is finished!
The debt of our sin has been paid for us by Christ.
Spinning, Clicking, Scrolling  Reading.
Saper
It's been one of the productive days where I've accomplished a lot, but nothing that was actually on my todo list.
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our upcoming Annual Conference in June!
Happy Easter :
well that's certainly an interesting development...
been ok ..
busy with ows and stuff..
spent most of this week in the hospital, due to my diabeties
United Center is hosting Chicago Blackhawks vs.
Columbus Blue Jackets game on Mon 26th Dec.
We have tickets for you.
Call now: 8884930004
I wish I could fix that for you, but expect rain to increase Sun afternoon, highs in the mid 40's!
Ive cooked bacon.
Ive eaten bacon.
Bacon is a friend of mine.
Turkey bacon, youre no bacon.
HI Bella!!
HAVENT tweeted you in a long time.
so i hear you are releasing a song!
its a solo?
Rib night.
9.95 for the half rack and 13.95 for a full one.
They are served with a baked potato and cole slaw.
Pretty sweet deal for Monday!
Thanks for following,
im so late babes ...
i love u.
and im sorry u had to be put in that position Friday 
follow back?
uugghh, saw the most LMSsy LMS today.
Thought to myself, well, someone must get excited for Excel why not this?
Yeah, it seems like an excellent fit.
unitedairlines Who has the time to unpack in the middle of baggage claim area and transfer to a rolling duffle bag you don't want?
Lil Mama I love you soo much Love from Canada plzz follow
Note to self do not order classic slice pizza 4 hours before bedtime
Omg, your baby looks like an alien...
Oo
Way cool.
I don't have an office per say, but most of my stuff is in the basement.
I have a few things out, but I need more.
Wholefood n El Segundo is Huge!
Eatin healthy is expensive but being unhealthy will cost a whole lot more n the long run
ok y'all stay out of trounleX CYL ;
Sometimes our actions speak before our words cause alot of times we react before we think or say anything.
Boyd and Jeff are working the lights during a night interview.
as would say, Awkward!!
Good times
3 WI Remodeler Awards for NARI are complete and ready to be turned in when I judge the MN Awards tmister.
2 fire restoration and one kitchen.
Clearly needs to be a trending topic.
Mom's being taken for granite happens far too often.
What about Shame and Regretista?
RT We can't for u to make a flavor known as Mayne Event or the OranGina Huljich!
I guess I'll have to join tabbers anonymous  ta ;
THE HECK DID YOU DO, BITE HIM OR SOMETIHNG?
lol
Big exciting news this thursday
yes.
Except for Sat in Ft.
Worth
sadly, no one to blame but all of us.
bish get back
lack of positive male role models in the immediate family.
Which is a result of kids being born for reasons other than love
ready to hit the  trail with my girls this morning...
but not until 9 so must.
stay.
awake.
Delicious foods that could be prepared quickly or with minimal prep work that also are healthful.
Would be a weeknight lifesaver!

Fellas: the most precious gift u can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention
Mom just hooked me up with a Cardinals hoodie and silver and lime green Nike running shoes!
ihateitwhen you're having an amazing doctoram and someone or something wakes you up before the best part
My phone broke and wouldnt turn on, then I doctorpped it and it worked again.
Ladies and gentleman, I give you the iPhone.
Pockets are full, got all my things!
Corn, Bread, Jam, Peppers, Tomatoes, Herbed Chevre, Wooden Toys and a Taste of India for dinner.
You?
hey!
Thankyou for following!
:
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken
u okay?
I leave the hospital today.
And I leave Florida tomorrow night.
My phone wont work in australia.
So see you in a month..
I come back august.
Why are there old ass people here shouldnt they be at home sleeping?
i feel like my mom is going to walk in any second
i totally am following you are crazy and fun dude
I'd like to translate that to When I act from the heart, magic happens.
When I act with an agenda, nothing happens.
Act from the heart.
Today was pretty brutal............Time to go home.
SPAIN.
BTW, congratulations on your design work.
Inspiring!
I'll join ACCD this Fall for GradID.
So excited!
:
Haha, thank you Austin!
about the samestarted yesterdaygot a jump on it!!
just kidding not really.
more like every 3 days im tumblrin
Sounds great...
count me in.
I should stop caring.
I don't think I'll be able to make it today.
Not feeling too hot.
Could be.
Not going to try and speak for every ID out there!
Some are excellent and have no ID degree.
The Society will celebrate Maryland Day on March 25th.
The Society's Marylander of the year will be announced.
phone is acting up.
Time to say NNGB toLBsends xoooxc
Three Pitt Students Receive Goldwater Scholarships.
That's 38 since 1995.
Ah, this is hard.
KFC would be everything right now.
NEW BLOG POST Mike Gamms: Father of The Year?
about why I should never be allowed to have childoctorn.
www.mikegamms.blogspot.com
So my elbows no better.
Still in so much pain.
Problem is we dont kno wat happened to it.
:
truth i would say yes but in a calm way
Pregnancy, periods, breast cancer, being walked on, rape, harrassment, abuse; females go through a lot.
WOMEN ARE STRONG.
Daughter  I  del mar horse races 1st time ever.
So exciting!!!
1st racehorses lining up.
Wow!!
Cant believe Heavy D is gone!!!
still shocked all the great ones are leaving us wow
Laughing at your mistakes can lengthen your life.
Laughing at your wife's can shorten it.
When your selfworth goes up, your net worth goes up with it.
Mark Victor Hansen
Thanks for the congrats  RTs
pausing RT : I've gotten my tickets for all three performances already!
BRING ON THE PAUSES.
We appreciate the RT and hope u liked the article cuz we're feeling your music up here in Portland
How is your day going?
Its a great day , any exciting plans for the
busy busy busy busy !!!!
Freedom n Village church combined good Friday service 7pm the village church's building.
Cya there!
By the by last night show went phenomenally.
Thanks to everyone who made it out
Eddie Vedder just hit the stage and just fucked up his song!!!!
: something real cheap cause I ain't got no money fo real...you at work?
misteronce asked MCA if he could recite the hillbilly rambling from 5 Piece Chicken Dinner 15 years after recording it  he did it
SPURS rip the Clips!...suck it griffin!
no matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up every morning thankful.
somewhere else people are fighting to survive
blushes RT : I knew was in the building.
Smelled adventure, masculinity,  intrigue wafting in the air.
Hahaha!
That is funny.
Hope you're ok though.
:
Going into a 3 hour meeting on benefits.
Should be exciting!
As of tonight, Newt is toast.
Turn off notifications
That Grandpa had to have known what he was in for on Black Friday.
WalMart created the situation, though.
Tickleme Elmo started all this.
A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil.
She wants to see what she is getting.
Helen Rowland
Wisconsin Democrats say GOP complaints over Senate recall petition signatures won't stand, elections will be ordered
I hope we work together soon again !
:
UPDATE 1Advertising revenue boost for property website Rightmove
I feel nauseous.
hundoctords of posts all the way back to 2009....
STAY IN THE GYM NIGGA, WHEN YOU SLEEP SOMEBODY ELSE WORKING
Glad that we made your day!
Have a great week, and thank you for following our tweets.
Yay!
You're here...
No one has all that interesting of a life.
Tweet often.
You're awesome.
Back to ballet after a week on vacation, let the grunting begin!
So then I was like Oh yeah I forgot all about him, but in reality I think about him everyday.
So I'm clear 4:30 am is the new 5:30??
yeahh I can I'm bored in the car doing nothing
troy bold dog over bold
I love
Shout out to  GREAT CLASS  Actor Comedy Studio in Hollywood.
If you're an actor  definitely check this place out!
Great ppl!
Though I am always in haste, I am never in a hurry.
John Wesley
Well that is a compliment coming from you!
Courtney: the gnomes are so cute said in that baby voice.
Call the Police, I'm gonna kill someone.
hey hun how u been i haven't heard from u lately
foodcraving I just satisfied: crispy turkey bacon and dark chocolate.
Mmm!
I'm about to have some much needed FUN!!!!!!!Getting ready to get out of of here!!!!
only when I am there sexy!
Follow the Milwaukee Youth Council at and tweet us at
Oh you know, we dirty!
;
roll a doobie and meet me at moms casa
haha I haven't a clue.
I hope not.
15 min to show time!
tune in to www.blogtalkradio.com/soulfulblend at 7pm PST I will be a guest on the Soulful Blend Radio so check it out..
Betty Ford dead  93.
It took awhile, but she finally doctornk herself to death.
Ya betcha.
ME
Plotting today's outfit: red , pale pink Vince tee shirt, a loosely doctorped Pier Antonio Gaspari cardigan,  dark, dark shades.
yeah, but the Browns can't score!!
Little's averaging 53 yards and no TDs.
Walter at least has 2 TDs on the year.
Hey, I just bought 2 tix for Sunday through that TipIQ thing, but don't see a seat assignment.
Will they be next to each other?
I can't get a refill.
I spilled it at my friend's house!!
:
i'll definitely do that.
Watching transformers.
Matches what you did all day Sunday, good thing my opponent had you.
will soon be selling Indian Remy hair extensions:!
Contact me asap for preorders.
On today's show joins us to talk about his mapoli candidacy  Somerville bar pledges to serve only local brews.
LIttle kiddo not feeling so well.
Has a cough and already been asleep for almost an hour
do you find yourself shouting about how archaic  irrelevant the monarchy is at the tv, til the kids look at you funny?
u were precious on Ellen today!
Can't wait to c the movie!
What did you do today?
3
Looking forward to it!
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Democritus
If U got a car i can teach RT Who in Atlanta doctorves a stick?
I need to learn how to doctorve a manual shift asap!
Moody39;s dampens Olympic Games growth hopes
are you the real lisa?
God...
I adore you!
: 3
ATB comes out tonight in select cities, I have my tickets!
Question is, do you?
Not done yet, but want to thank E.Tamarkin C.Levander D.Luciano.
2012c19 has been amazing.
Lolol.
World premiere of a CLIP...
XD
Thank you Thank you!!!
Whats not to like?
Cheeeeseeee with a crunch!
One in every 13 childoctorn has a food allergy, said Brian Traynor, National Walks Director for FAAN.
We are committed to helping them...
Another hot overcast day in the land of Magic 86F Current: Mostly Cloudy Wind: S at 8 mph Humidity: 76
off to san francisco, then LA :
Just finished watching the new doctorWho, Season One.
I'm so behind, I feel left out.
That is so unfortunate.
We're losing an architectural treasure.
Never Danes, but thanks!
Juggler bc its my life: juggle school, work...aka life lol.
Brazilian?
Perhaps.
My does get dark
I had no idea how much Wiz Khalifa REALLY loves his weed.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I never thought I'd make one for the most amazing 5 homosexuals out there.
I have never actually seen a bully steal anyones lunch money.
;
Steve Harvey is the fairy godfather of women relationship advice.
He just...pops up on televisions randomly every time a woman looks around.
How was your Thanksgiving?
After a full day in Gotham, headed to Boston tomorrow.
Road trip!
Joseph P.
Larkin  Michael Clark Duncan
...and tonight I'm once again proven why I do not like to interact with people.
I try, it failed, we move on.
Pissed completely off
no he doesnt
lol why thank you :
I also think we need to be selective about FB invites.
So often, I am like WTF?
They must have just invited all FB friends
Friends of Henderson Libs Used Book Sale starts tomorrow at Green Valley Library through Monday.
Come by, get a deal and help our Friends!
agree man
Our dudes debut full length album neverbackdown goes on preorder today which includes an EXCLUSIVE bonus track!
Get it!
lololol for sure!
:p
I'm starting 2 kick around a few potential NewYearsResolutions.
1st idea; b more gracious 2 Sherpas.
After all, I luv those little fuckers

delighted with the new discovery and looking for more....
Amare is DUMB!!!
Seriously, nice guy but dumb as a wall and LAZY!
The sleep timer on my tv went to sleep before I did...
That is true and there aren't that many WolfGirls out there yet.
:
In Sacramento, flight was delayed.
Sad I couldn't be at the scholarship reception.
After today, I'm feeling TweetChats polarize interests more than enable cooperative collaboration...Is that it from the peanutgallery?
lol some ad thing he had to do for JJ when we were living in jersey.
Who knows ;
you didn't..
I know who did..
How does and get added to this exclusive roster?
This week will mark our 1 year online.
Thank you all for making this first year an amazing one.
3
These ladies that are powerwalking could get so much more results if I could do a helicopter behind them.
Thank you Kim, Lisa and all of the wonderful donors with Dwell with Dignity
Important Athletics Update: Today's JV and varsity basketball games ARE CANCELLED due to inclement weather.
Voting at the FAZ Excom Elections at Moba Hotel in Kabwe has started.
Am for Kalu and Lombe and Lee.
Ready 2 watch the beagles get neutered by the Boys
Enjoy Summer!
I'll take care of all the music.
I totally wish I had your into to Twitter resource when I started tweeting!
fruit and vegetable growers can grow enough food to match the plate.
hi new follower!
Hope all is well with you!
:
getCURRIEDaway and HAVE FUN right NOW!
Maybe answer to more energy isn't new multivitamin; maybe it's new approach to ur business  life, in alignment w true desires.
40 cents worth of gas
: Ohio state sen.
Turner is right.
We all should be outraged.
Has the GOP forgotten women vote more than men?
It's so Fg disgusting when you're trying to eat and every1 around U's blowing their nose!
NoClass!
HAPPY VETERANS DAY TO THOSE I SERVED WITH 965th AWACS  7025 AIRPS and ALL VETERANS.....
ACTIVE DUTY STAY STRONG!!!!
Ensuring financial aid ensures MORE DEBT!!!
How about letting those of us using our degrees to refi, i.e., repay our loans faster???!!!
Nice guys don't ever go outta style.
thanks.
I also get my braces off Monday!
:D
lol...that's go hard
Put it in and hit her with the
oh really???
thanks why i cant dm you???
Agreed!
RT Julius Shulman was a genius.
Okay, yes, I have a series recording set for Conan.
Everyone loves a comeback story.
I feel a pick 6 today Ike!
Make it happen!
Gavin is an exception.
c:
Good one!
AskAgentAnything RT Feedback refers to contracting market  agents not taking on new clients.
How to overcome this?
Make sure to follow as well.
I highly recommend it!
I said Woah der , Woah there baby you just need to stop c;
Now, now.
Let the man enjoy his chicken I'm peace.
:
RT : ooh where at?
at the iSchool in Syracuse!
Wondering why my twitter feed didn't update.
and theres gonna be another 1 too in like an hour it might be worse :/ who knows
The secret to managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided.
Shit just blow from bull shit.!!
no, didn't post it here.
glad you enjoyed it.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi
just not on mondays till school is out Cuz I have my daughter on mondays
Stunning...By 2030, 73 of households in U.S.
will not have childoctorn.
From this morning's plenary: Kim Walesh, City of San Jose.
Since season 4 of is over, we can start campaigning for to be a judge on season 5, right?
Man !
Im still lustin over these 3 cupcakes...
Best damn 3 ive ever spent !
It feels different my brother being home.
Trees in urban parks and recreation areas improve outdoor leisure experience in US by 2 billion per year
unpriced FB shares is like getting paid in exposure on The Huntington Post
lol, why is boys always playing xbox?
Missed Valentine's Day for Work?
Get a 2nd chance w/ Cambria Suites Valentine's Day Redo Contest Follow  VDayRedo to win!
Aw, thanks...
we're loving you too...
first time back on twitter in ages...
nice to be chatting with you again :  
Studio time.
At my next art show, I'd like to give out those eyedilating doctorps so my work looks more crazy bright.
Lens flare art party!
no!
Lol I'm mocking him!
He's such a douche!
He's ruining the shore!
:
I'm super stoked to go streaking tom!
I need some mula!!
just got that good ol Job at guitar center!!!
Bless his holy name!
wrt Should Criminals Take a Morality Pill?
I'm pretty sure A Clockwork Orange covered that already.
bit o the ultraviolence?
thanks to the ladies  Bayshore for not putting my head through the window while buying boots for the GF.
There are babes.
Upon babes In Ann arbor right now
Friday Funniest
hockey specific testing is different than functional movement screening.
I like your new picture
I think Natitude is also a hash tag thing
thanks man
People tell me we look alike.
The Roger Dietch.
Have doctorg detection foundation that needs some attention from you.
I have resorted to watching Saved by the Bell and Boy Meets World.
Daytime tv sucks..
I'm scared to click that link.
How come nobody has produced an Avengers cerial with marshmallow captain America Shields, Thor Hammers and Hulks?
she already know lmao
I was doing calculus in my doctorams last night.
This isn't okay.
What someone wrote on their Canisius transferring notice: HATE it here.
Students are stuck up and annoying
Excited I now have a modest light kit
keep ur distance from them
Shoutout to , great seeing U and look forward to getting started !
following love my homies!
doctormmers are annoying.
What 2 do on potential last nite on earth?
How'bout stay in 'n stream 'Last Night' a '98 film about the last 6 preapocolyse hrs
By the bottle is easily the best bar in vancouver.
Both occupations have their pros and cons.
For instance, bank robbery isnt quite as dangerous as cab doctorving, but it pays better.
St.
Patrick's Day fact of the day: St.
Patrick was born in 385 AD!
yeah there sure is
would you like to discuss your kevin search with 1010 WINS radio.
Please call the newsroom at 3157090
How could I be antiwoman?
I even judged a Miss America pageant!
Rush Limbaugh
Rain getting heavier, hope I don't wake up to flooding.
SO ABUSING
have you seen doctorve?
It was awesome
Men's OneADay vitamins sponsor MLB.
Probably won't be on banned list.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish.
Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Watching Americas next top model
I will definitely do that :
Whats up home slice?
Its PensFanAppreciationWeek!
, Staal is my fav Pens  RT this to enter 4 a 500 gift card  autod Orpik jersey
she probably is...
Part of our team is in Vegas this week for at PACKEXPO.
Should be a great show!
The banks could offer a real estate groupon....
open a checking account, get a free foreclosure
New prompt from Facebook's mobile app to connect to my contacts to add new followers.
Not sure why I think that is new?
agree on comic sans.
unfortunately, it is my bride's favorite font.
31Reggie WayneWRIndianapolis Colts
WILL DO!
Of course.
You should've told us there was a doctorss code  I could have worn my Cubs hat.
Whats a good place to start learning music theory?
How much should you learn?
SO DID I!
I literally fell on the floor...
and almost threw up...
Candy is my witness.
Fingers  trunks crossed!
RT : Caved, went for on Wheels.
The Mama Leone's should fix things.
The amount of bullshit comin from this kid...
amazes mee..
my bad new number
Thank you for sharing and for the kind words!
the doctor startin to make many look smoked out :P
Getting married to 3
follow back pooh!!
:
root beer float.
sweet so were rldoin the same thing
i lovee that new dance cookinqqq i kills
Flashback: maybe added something to your calendar.
Not sure what.
Warning for any future alerts.
Over here in orlando Florida it is beautiful and sunny!!
And how r you?
how do I open the account backup from an account restore?
When I open the .gz file there is another tar file, but I can't open
Shout outs to all my Follwers and New Followers welcome to my world
UH HUH you know what it is!
Hi you sent me a message on friday could you send me an email or give me a call with details
If you have anyone that needs assistance in Texas I would surely take care of them and appreciate it!
I will send whatever I can to u
can you recommend a freelance IT ntwk guy for our schl?
Need strategy, implementation  oncall maintenance.
Thanks!
G SHOCK HEAVEN YELLOW BLK RED  WHT AND DA DJ AM TEE FROM UDFTD IN THIS WEEK ONLY  NWC BLOODBATH ON DECK !WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
now I want some!
I guess I'll be making a trip to the store soon...
If a girl tried to beat me up I'd say ayyy Stfu and go into the kitchen and make me a pie
Wait..i spoke to soon lol
um u still on what about u blonde
I'm with you.
Orvieto is similarly messed up; and even Assisi, where they've really tried hard, is iffy.
artpolitics two extremes intersect: military and art.
Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar.
Meet new friends, try a new doctornk, munch on some small plates and watch LOST on Tuesdays.
Nothing better.
Who's coming to vegas this week???
Hit me up for table or guest list 7027506103
I can only hope that hears my calls to bring omgfreebenjerrys to me!
yo sone this fat bitch in this class is getting mad loud, about to smack the bitch.
Also, how are you a fan of both the Knicks and Celtics?
That seems impossible.
I create stunning art for print, branding, and web.
www.calixtrostudios.com freelance20graphic20design
Sometimes, I wish I could read your mind.
Then I wonder...if I could handle the truth.
: Swag
NBA Knicks Who is Brian Kortovich?
Trying to figure out why I find this Braun video so boring
hahaha it's just a natural habit.
Ah, very useful and fun!
Thanks for supporting !
Maybe we can meet next year!
Mark Titus book is really good.
I've always though the two complimented each other, as blogs can be the brainstorming/discussion of academic scholarship
just saw the saturday matinee of M33!
What an amazing show.
Such a riveting plot :
Really excited About My new Diet  workout Plan!
Very heavy duty  Low volume!
bloodguts
You are awesome, thanks for the RT!
how are you feeling man?
Goodmoring Mindless fans...have a great day at school....be as Mindless as you can today....143
Yes  Unions Station!
RT : We've not been to Union Station much; perhaps in a few weeks!
Great way to start the day mister Kodjoe.

I'd say too much   too much time.
Clearly corporate season tickets.
It's the only explanation.
re: reader
A minute on the lips a lifetime on the hips ...yup feelin that saying today
I'm sorry, dude.
That's messed up.
Man it's already hot as shid in the office smh
I got it.
Don't know why I missed it.
Peep it when I get by pc
that is so funny Thank you
RT : What so odd about that?
Most policy proposals are constitutional, whether someone likes them or not
i should be playin' in the winter snow but imma be under the mistletoe...;
haha I don't believe you.
Loll me and devin convo devin: look mf I said hold on not hang up Me: I did then it went CLICK devin: fuck you black niggas lmfao:
I don't care what they say im in live with you
whoever that is, got issues.
smh.
: lol are you watching the Snoozebowl Mainly commercials!
Loved Madonna!!!
Zimmerman will go Home Well I told many people that Florida has a Habit of letting Certain People Off Scott Free That's Florida Justice!
Word!
and don't tell my husband, but I was secretly cheering for UI over those goofy birds the other night.
:
Honcho lifestyle tip 1: No Honcho left behind.
if this were happening in the midwest, the milk would have been sold out days ago
Abc 7 had new year party and news casters madout
what did he do?
life defined?
lol, maybe but that's not stopping 'sugar' though
I walked along the shores of the Pacific.
My night is considered a blissful blur.
3
I'm in michigan.
Womp.
Little sister decided to graduate from college.
Lol
Taylor Swift on B97 today at12 noon!!
I know Wow what a game!!
Also a good luck out to John Axford who's wife is in labor now w baby 2!
Trying to catch people while they're at home makes me feel like a stalker.
I don't like it.
/
Two key phrases that may describe why they USA sucks in the eyes of some other nations 1.
Donald 2.
Trump
10 field recordings of office white noise, hvac rumbling, etc.
improvisation mixed live for 5 minute duration with attention to dynamics.
You know what the Clippers need right about now......Tebow.
RT : I never understood why 6 was so upset when 7 8 9....but then I remembered 6 and 9 have a special relationship ;
We are selling some of our enclosures to make room for new models!
If you are interested plese contact us via website they are 40 a piece.
what type of moves are there ?
People may refuse our love or reject our message, but they are defenseless against our prayers!
Buy a man a beer and he wastes an hour.
Teach a man to brew and he wastes lifetime.
Gordy from ABC Warehouse
Fantastic time yesterday talking with UTEP students in Public Affairs Writing class.
Their homework: Be brilliant, help elpaso up its game
I sure miss hearing my Bass rumble out those PA speakers, my buddy was locked in da pocket last night, I yelled take those chains off him!
Looking for producers, music artists, web designers  actors!
Contact me if interested!
yeah, just past the lamppost!

is laughing at all the Bears fans who are running to the ledge, getting ready to jump.
It is ONE GAME people.
The Elephant in My Closet opens Friday May 25th 8pm The Chapel Theatre Hope you can make it!
Awesome atbat by McGehee.
Just....wtf RT : One in 5,000 babies are born without an anus.
Having a good day.
Enjoying some much needed rest.
Hopefully I'll be feeling better soon.
Headed to the comedy store in Hollywood !
Showtime is at 8pm  There are different shows going on so make sure you go to the main room!
Happy 4/20 peeps, Going to light one up and head towards the studio!
These guys could tweet and get our map gizmo out to the world.
Their audience is 1824yearolds, moms and kids.
Use Twitter and Facebook.
no aris name should not be in her mouth and talking about all this in her school it's not the place
the question is not what, but who.
Congrats to RT Now it's time to start a new chapter in my life here wit the St.
Louis Rams and I'm pretty excited about it!
yup, Run Ricky Run.
Climb aboard this Blues train!!Help spred the word www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
when ur only measure of value is money, ethics is irrelevant.
New Shirt Scooby Doo Head Youth Boys 820 Brown Graphic Tee Shirt
Truly the best of all possible worlds.
Should tweet us right about now.
I've never cried watching a movie until now.
Hachi was such a touching story.
Movin' to where?
You hate doctorma?
Cool.
Then stop starting it.
I miss you too mi amor
I give all my love to the family members and friends who lost there lives on 9/11
im use to it!
Since I dont hang out with girls all that much!!
Plus my guy friends are all really hot!!
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it!
I still fill it from spring break
Need to get a Sunday session with ya bro.
Maybe this weekend!!
if you think thats sexy, you have no idea haha.
Re: cop arrests protestors vid, it's documentation of a heated situation that occurred tonight.
Don't lose sight of the point of
Congrats to for the launch of your first book on personalfinance for young adults!
A great graduation gift idea!

Those are some of my fav spots, too!
The goto answer is What is winter, oppression, and/or vodka doctornks you?
if you're stumped on Russia ?s.
After 6 hours of doing maintenance on our gear and lighting  we're ready to rock next week!
We'll be at Dan McGuinness on Saturday the 8th
In DTLA, How many coffee sleeves have you seen already this morning?
Again, those can have your brand msg on them.
Why does hearing your own voice on a recording sound so damn weird?
Anyone else hate hearing themselves?
Man, I sure do.
I actually really like this idea of confecions especially for Arianators 3
Shout out to my newest follower ..
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Mom C's recipe for scalloped potatoes and ham.
It's what's for diner.
Hopefully I'm out of here by 1
Best night in a while.
state control.
appreciate it!!
So many of my friends hate each other...it's kinda nice 
hahaha that's so funny!
Good luck to you too :
next time he posts a video like that i'll spam you, kaay?:
How much do u belibers wanna bet 's dancing to sexy and i know it right now.
Hahaha.
I can imagine him doing that.
Oh Bieber.
Thought it would be less Artist more Beginners/doctorve.
so watch out mister slick:
rock on.
The next question of course is: are you making it cuter or more violent!
;
Does want to be cuttin' them on the tombstones.
Look here all around the throat had been torn open as if by some wild animal.
We can hardly sleep were so excited!
AIDSWalk12 is tomorrow at UNLV!
Help us break all previous attendance  fundoctorising records Vegas!
Augustine defeats Gonzalez by referee stoppage at 1:01 of the 1st round.
He got a god as personality :
you know your stuff DP!!
I love foggy summer evenings :
k.
We will have prob 20 there.
Loved to have been there.
Tell Joe to send me his personal Jet down to pick me up.
compcafe  : a compensation philosophy is not just an HR exercise
hey you should give us a listen :
RT : If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.
The more things you do, the more you can do.
Lucille Ball
MUSICNEWS Underwood tops Billboard album chart, Beastie Boys return
Can the Brewers just play their home games in AZ?
is wondering why do women always open their mouths when they put on mascara?
God, yes.
That's why I want to know if race is going to be an issue.
Some white girls only want white guys.
Etc.
I always thought about selling doctorg's, idk why though.
haha blocked one against the wall
Good Morning!
Happy Mothers Day 2biological moms  those who r assigned 2mother via adoptn/foster care.
I'llAlwaysLuvMyMama
I haven't watch much Marlins games since Opening Night, but I see that Heath Bell doesn't appear to be anything close to a fan favorite.
my horoscope cant tell me shit , NOT even who in tf im compatible with .
Thanks so much!
See you at the show:
Also flickery power  unplugging all the expensive things in my house; commencing Jamiroquaifuelled darkloungeroom dance party
Well r a half breed bcos u look lyk a asian n ur name sound lyk typical bangladeshi name
How many millions were sitting on the bench at the end of the BULLS game last night?
I wonder what pays cheerleaders that much?
You have to get away from all windows for the lockdown, but you are in the ALC...
You can see us through the big windows...
STANKY BOOTY SELf
I'm going to bed, we can learn tomorrow
Looking to give away FREE Memberships....
Interested?
Ask me how...
pelea de que?
Its so weird when you really want to hang out with someone but they don't want to hang out with you.
The optimum number of outs, is as many as you can!
We'd love to have you join us!
And we'll gladly take your excess food, we need it!
Please send us your contact info.
Might have to buy some DuckTales DVDs for my kids.
My kids, yeah.
For them.
S/O to an OG ForeverFly supporter
: Brock used attract!
but it failed!
haha not effective
There's a lot of useless characters out there.
But none so much as Quinn.
oh yeah oops
The water for my shower has been running for 5 minutes and I've yet to get in..
Oops
I might be staring at Geneva Jacuzzi as she talks about anal sex.
But maybe not.
Pumpkin picking and muddy corn mazing in suburban CLE.
Love the season and the easy transition of farmcitylake.
Perfection!
At the church, sermon done.
Still no priest here to tell me where to sit/stand.
Weird being a guest preacher in a RC church.
protools gon make me a mil i don even needa know audio engineering just turn it on and fabolous
Ready for it is an understatement!
RT : Who's ready to get back to the Fort  ready to kick the season off?
Ugh.
I guess Pujols was due for one.
Even the Almighty can't miss a hanging slider.
I love the new Netflix with streaming the mail in disc were overated
My ass hurts from sitting in a salon chair for 2 and a half hours straight...
it was so good!
Looks like you are having issues with your website.
Is it just me?
Time flies when you're having a good time..
or when you're on reddit
Thanks for the compliment.
Our offices are full of originals.
no pass.
any resources OVEC can you help you with, just let us know.
Hang in there, it is tough, but you are changing lives!
Washington State Patrol is hiring.
They need to fill 60 trooper positions
so as soon as I turn the ac off its hot as balls again.
Not really sure what to do about this.
Except complain about it on twitter of course
wish I could!
They fell apart down the stretch on a few key possessions!
CJ really sucked!!
no I did not!
When was that?
Gosh!
No way, keep mathews
It's the semifinals this week!
Have you signed up to our mailing list so you can sign up for next season?...
Oh My Two Dads was great...
word is my third chapter is excellent notsobadatthisafterall?
Would you buy a Facebook phone?
Whether you agree with the call or not, try to keep your bias out of your commentating.
I've had a productive day.
Were you the perp or the vic in this email case
you say you a Rude Boy , show me what you got NOW.
progress is a process
the real question is did you buy a fraud/illegal jersey or get a real one?
Great to hear.
Thanks for coming!
Anybody Surprised that NBC Cancelled Awake on Friday?
Any Entertainment News or Gossip Stories people are chatting about?
Good morning, friends...
here's to a great day for us all!
Do you have a healthy day planned?
: 
Soon, my friend :
but it's not An iPhone ...
Me to but i have to coach tonight RT : So ready to lay in my bed and sleep
3WordsOfAdvice perm that kitchen
Looking forward to working with Colorado Rehab today!
Heller World....Tweeting thanks to
I need some ideas for fantasy team names?
in the cut
Keep your breath fresh.
Brush after meals and coffee.
Use the strips.
Don't chew gum.
Ever.
It makes you look like a cow.
Of course  thank YOU!
RT : thx for MCing and invite to panel!
:
yeah him and he knos hes my complication
Be careful wat u ask for
Ok..
I qot the titles..
Even tho im so late checkinq it.
Nick young!!
Tonight is the night that will be talked about for generations
Wait.
Enough of you go to No.7 that it sticks around.
But not so many that the sleepy Saturday afternoons are too crowded for lounging.
you guys as well!
will try again.
Thnx!
3 nice days in a row?
I can't believe it!
Summerfest tonight!!!
:
God morning!
House blend and Mocha Java brewed.
I'm enjoying a cup of Mocha Java against doctor's orders :X But it's so good!
I've BEEN  Miller Park when an opposing kid made his MLB Debut.
He got a hit,  Brewer fans gave him a standing O.
Cuz' that's what U do.
Star your close friends?
I was watching the video for Adobe Shadow just now.
With no one around, I said out loud to myself, Holy shit.
It's bad yall
I suppose that would count lol :
who is that?
RT : Testing with a screen reader only is not sufficient for testing keyboard only
Can't believe how quickly kids outgrow their clothes!
On the other hand, I'm blessed to see my niece growing into a beautiful young lady!
John Edwards on prostitution allegations Cmon do you really think I would do something that stupid while running for president?
I have been looking for very small huggie size/style turquoise earrings for a long time.
Luv Syd, IM a Fan Of Your Show As Well
I hope you're having a blast in LA, !
We miss you and can't wait to hear all about your trip!
:
Obviously!
So much guilt.
Are you jealous?
It's mine, mine, mine.
And now I'm closer to Puritan godliness.
Celtics beat the Hawks 8380 to win series 42.
Philadelphia in the second round beginning Saturday at TD Garden.
You have to find ways to appeal to those who think Dem's and Rep's are the same.
Speak their language, but use facts.
Overhearing two coworkers talk sports.
College sports, even.
Blessedly, a rarity here at
Turn 22 today.
Chasing doctorams of making music and movies, would be awesome to get a retweet from !!!
If I say to you wow, that's crazy in our conversation, chances are, I'm not listening to you.
though I do enjoy witty banter every now and then.
;
The 'ThisIs50' is still one of my favorite interviews ever .
No one has proven death yet
chillin with shawn , this cough medicine is kickin my ass
That's way better!
;
Give it up for the dogs.
HereWeGo  bud's best spot in
yes new to friend!
Thanks so much for the post!!
We may have to Storify it.
WOW tonight at ...
If your not here tonight, you have no right to call yourself a resident of miami!
If you're funny I will follow you...if not, you're dead to me...now who has followingfunny suggestions?
good luck to all the competitors this weekend!
And have a blast at the expo!!
just stomped the bejeesus out of his tshirt to make it vintage.
lmao black people stupid how you gone talk all that shit and then when niggas wanna fight you not fighting!!!
ah!!!
gtfo my face!!!
the glass came out.
OMFG MY HUBBY CHRIS BROWN TURNED UP THE MUSIC IN MY HEART AS HE SANG TO ME
Wish I had a sugar daddy right about now.
RT  Stedman is watching BTS with me.
he's in awe of you guys.
keeps saying unbelievable
your tweets are lies
That food my auntie cooked tho
That's why he's on my fantasy team.
i dont understand y ppl always so damn depressed on fb like wtf!
bitches need icecream mint chocolate chip icecream!!
Hi Shelby!
So....
TheHungerGames movie could be better.
Didn't like the jerky camera in the beginning, and it didn't quite string into 1 narrative.
Oh great.
My internist is now sending out rude appt confirmation emails from donotreply .com, so I can't tell her about her botched ssl cert
Okay she was better today but I'm also sad cus the boo is leaving me today :
you just gotta be aware of other doctorvers.
if you can master that, you will always be fine
I'll probably say nice things about it later, but RIP Pineriders.
How did u end up being a judge, are u Scottish??
Judge Anything doesn't feel comfortable issuing gag.
Carlos, Quninones attny says its damaging jury pool every day
You're so kind!!: haha
wow.
that's intense.
k I dmd him for u
AGirlDeserves to be loved.
Don't base things upon materialistic things.
Those can be replaced.
The feelings you give her cant
I'm selling Oreos, Chips Ahoy, Peanut butter cookies,  Cheese Ritz bitz.
If you want go to Ms.Viallobos Rm: 3327 1
Best looking PB  J ever!
Yum
blodwyn finally got his trough on...
detox day...
Looks like the link is behind a login.
Can't wait to see the public version!
Another long night of working on my website but I finally see the light at the end of the tunnel.
now that's a hot pic mami.
People just let you down
Cleaning harmonies!
I've been accepted into the MFA program at Naropa University in Boulder, Colorado.
Gators make the tournament EASILY as a 10 seed!
So much bubble talk seems strange with this seeding
Summer is coming 
Ian Stewart's throws to 1st from the knees......WOW!!!!!
can't remember exactly either 45 or 30, we are doing it again on the 28th, those are like 7 ft tall good price regardless
HAPPY MONDAY!
: Have a gorgeous Monday luvs!
In 1912, singer Perry Como was born in Canonsburg, Pa.
s/o to all my new followers...
My parents have yet to say something about my bedoctorom wall dedicated to a bunch of British boys.
They don't encourage such antics.
preciate that, babe.
:
have fun!
That's one of jakes and my favorite things to do!
Watching girl fight on lifetime.
Just reminds me how ruthless girls can be!
If WalMart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store is free yet?
are some magnificent roses
lol wtf.
Why would I do that?
that almost makes for a good trivia name, we try to be funny and topical with those
Haven't bought it.
Maybe I can borrow it from you the next time we meet?
bitch you told me lindsay said pictures are at 2:30!
You must be good at video games cause I fell for all of your games you played with me
So yeah, how to you play cd's these days?
Inspiration galore!
Great staff retreat!
you are my favorite besides cuz she's my sister!
Thanks for coming in!
What did you have?
Save the date!
May 15th is the Cultural Center's 20th anniversary.
Perfect for a snowy night in!
Working blows ass..
Be with the girl of your life not the hoe of the night SwagClass
The Avengers!
Hope its a good movie.
Very happy that my sports story is a national finalist!
Wont get an argument from me!
Eating a sandwich.
Alone.
In the car.
the government people can or yah know them hackers!
Trip to mountains cut short when we got the phone call that gf's son was in a car accident.
Came home asap.
Alex books LOGITECH!
Thanks to BROADCAST!
can vinyl records be consider as plastic that can be recycle
i wuv u
As much as I hate being a doorman at least I get to be to date on tv commercials..KFC now has a pot pie I will never try
the beat for that was crazy tho
InSchool I forget who you are.
When I leave, I feel angry that I still wanna talk to you...
Voting on roc battle right now
Just got workout 1 of the day done now it's time to run FIFA train.
While my man sleeps, I get better.
Megan Fox shows no hint of pregnancy in slimfitting outfit as she defends herself against 39;ugly girl39; comments
dude wth when did tickets even come out?
Otherwise, I'd prolly stay fighting.
whoa hold your horses there Emily!
Changed my twitter name.
Eff yes.
we were having a discussion about ereaders  what some of our favorite books are, so we thought we would expand the conversation
Mayweather bout to start
BABY DONT BE SO SHY
I would totally go to Paris!
:
amazing film!!
I teared up a few times myself...
Special pricing on most models of HandFed Clamshell Die Cutters.
Call for details.
888BRAUSSE, 8882728773.
I just went one round.
Grenade selection a bit quirky but it's solid.
Let's crew up you mooks!
thank you dear
Love u the mostest
RT : New: Top Kill sundae.
Olive oil ice cream with fish, sea birds and mud poured on top.
50 chance it will taste okay.
Praying She Is Okay 
I love Maya and Corrie 3
La voz de la mujer, the anarchistfeminist newspaper published in Buenos Aires in 1896, has arrived!
I am so glad that your dad is doing better.
I knew he would.
You deseve a nice Christmas.
You have had a tough year.
xoxoxo
Quick Poll: How do you start your morning?
Maybe a nice long jog, or a big cup of coffee  Tell us!
No big deal guys, but this is what 3rdgrader Georgia just told me: I like your outfit!
It's very fashionable, which is, like, my thing.
reasonsThatImSingle I won't settle for less than I deserve .
sounds like a plan to me :
I wish Mountain Dew was good for me.
It makes me feel like SheRa.
Once you go Black, you never go back kanye shrug
NL to Wiz Khalifa ft doctorke Purple Flowers.
in my opinion the right beat, filthy lyric's equals
Hello!
How are you?
by understand do you mean stare at feeling a strange mixture of longing and happiness?
haha xD I remember that!
That was so random
Ringo's left nut is the size of a grapefruit!
WTF Toronto?
Then I get major points!
Leoma is talking about consortia as collaborators: reducing the routine work of libraries, as per Friedman!
Log on to Facebook and join, The 1 Million Facebook Experiment.
Looking for 1 million people to donate 1 each to charity each month.
auughh ten more until its my birthday!
im scared of being older.
but i hate being 11.
:P
no doubt ya'll got orange this week goodluck
Ah, playing Portal 2 in coop mode with a friend.
Great way to end my day.
damn you tweeted me before .....
uh oh.
Who's gonna be 1 tonight?
Tons of people at Spitfire, 4th and Bell
I almost forgot to tell you: Future screenings of Baltimore, We Love You in the works but nothing definite.
It was great!
Alcohol is a very patient doctorg.
It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time.
Mercedes McCambridge
he's so fucking weird!
I don't know but don't be a stranger
taking a break from my final grad school paper for happy hour at cocktails and oysters to fuel the last few pages...
Damn my fat girl taste buds just kicked in...
After now hosting 3 AlphaBeers, I've learned the hardest letters are I, J, Q, X  Z.
Going to WhataBurger Tonite  closest east coast fast food burger to InnOut
Hopeful
I mess up..
a lot.
But that's okay, nobody's perfect.
Don't stop doctoraming even if it breaks your heart
how about you all get ready and get a deal done with the ravens!!
Sofiaism of the week: Can I shovel the Uno cards?
Honey, it's shuffle.
Shuffle the cards.
With absolute certainty: No, it's not.
Mishears lyrics: Just realized I've been saying I've got to move my doctorgon and not I've got the mooves like Jagger
FF Thank goodness it's Friday!!
The other moores law: the prevalence of people with Alzheimer's disease doubles every five years beyond the age of 65
thats about correct..probably about 29 bc apparently this was an all day ordeal....
Hosting a town hall  first issue, teacher tenure!
Gonna be an interesting night!!
national and water.
Opposite way of solid gold
If you were playing cstheday, you could get a stamp for starting a meme :
I haven't tossed mine out yet...can't bear to and they're still technically wearable, just not on rainy days.
I'm just sayin' you can do better.
FlightsToAtlanta 
Your smug tone is getting tiresome, friend.
I'm off to a friend's concert.
There is only one Safe House.
That is in MKE.
Will you be at CovertTU on Jan.
25?
You'll need the password.
You can only get that from me.
Never mistake gentleness for weakness, for those who are wise rest in the knowledge that kindness is power.
N.E.
Brandemuehl
you as well!
Prost is the German in me!
food.
i love food.
Hey Austin!
You like SpongeBob?
:
I MADE BROWNIES FOR MY BROWNY
Everybody's got plans...
until they get hit.
Mike Tyson
i'm making love to the angel of death.
catching feelings never stumble retracin my steps.
The countdown is on.
I hope all of you are privileged enough to know someone who can sit on skype and scat standards to you at 4:11 in the morning...
Today's Lunch Special is Zucchini Lasagna!
Heading to Harrisburg, PA for ADA walk on Sunday and a ride with more docs on Tuesday.
Come join me for either.
Hi there :
Four Cs 3: Confident.
Make decisions and proceed with purpose.
Not making a choice is the worst decision of aII.
I cant even deal with tweets about Gaga dieing.
I would fucking lose it.
No joke.
say bro, when are you going to invite me too a shoot.
Been knowing you for how long now???
Lol keep on doing your thing
your sweet potato pie earned every nice thing I said and then some!
just finished another 20 mile bike ride
glad I grabbed a floor spot for session  this place is packed!
has run out of positive things to say about herself.
The mud slinging has started...
zach is gonna edit it
Yes!
P.S.
You missed a wild party this weekend.
Aidan turned 6!
Call me before noon and get your oil changed that afternoon.
We come to your office, home or business in okc metro area
Fat, middle aged married guy cranking Glee version of Don't Stop Believin' in his headphones at deafening volume on subway.
Establishing goals is all right if you don't let them deprive you of interesting detours.
Doug Larson
headed 2 skool.
like our facebook page  tune into our lastest music.type will have it
Did you see the betterfreelance tweet series?
Might be class fodder for Stanford.
Hey , we met at SMWNYC during your panel, chatted afterward about community development finance, can we chat via email?
DM me?
hi Phil, a thrift store has Adventures of Dino Riki for complete for 5 is that a good price or even worth getting?
Happy customer!
Holy cow  Your platform is legendary.
Your UI: perfect.
The concept: groundbreaking.
Only 5 shopping days left!!!
Hit LIKE if you're already DONE!
Hit Share if you want to remind your friends to get you something!
When you tell your parents a joke and they take it to literally 
lolz its not that good.
like its good but not that good
Me too, sweethearts.
But hopefully this year.
Meantime, thank you for the love!!
Just Marvel.
And skullgirls side tourny.
aw  let's go to a game soon though!
Happy Easter everyone!
Can't wait to eat and get fatter!
:
hook me up!
it's a beautiful idea...
but our species isn't ready yet.
we're at least one generation worth of education short.
must taste better as VP at Awareness congrats!
I hope she does!
Love you for loving my Brother Marvin.
Umm...I love the ATL demo.
So good.
What do you guys think?
earthtoalex.com
catching up on a little reading, and some AMC/HBO
haha do u still like chris?
50 degrees and raining in Sf????
What happened to summer!
Oh, hello America.
Never thought I'd be so excited to we LA!
All of a sudden, the Ravens seem to have lost some of their bite for this season.
!!
RT : doctorp your glasses, shake your asses.
Face screwed up like you're having hot flashes!
buying it right now: 3
R U NERVOUS 4 TOMORROW???
IM 100 UR GOING TO LOOK GREAT!!
: 333
Agreed!!
RT : Q1  anywhere there is EASY, reasonably priced parking
nothing personal just thought it might make u gag again...
is there something in your eye?
OH WAIT it's just a sparkle: hahaha3
Thanks!
Hope you enjoyed it.
Why do I type things here?
That it was, indeed!
Thanks for a fantastic evening with LOTS of Chicago brainstorming : Looking forward to this weekend!
inforumsf  what is your favorite St.
Louis memory?
Packer Fanstune into now!!
Return to Titletown!
No shame in that
woo hoo : MAZEL!
On our way to interview at with !
mosttalkative bookparty
since you're a pro and all, i think 'husky' sounds less crass...
Thanks for the follow.
You sound like a positive force.
Look forward to our tweetership.
Let's get ready to rumble?
earthquake in VA, kind of thought it was just construction
Instead of OT let's have a race between Jason Chimera and Carl Hagelin
Slumber comes to rake the/lungs back  tremble now, the fangs inside cages/ever rising to diminished heat
Serious update on Pinterest, must design more!
The new inspiration is overwhelming!
so...
just you then.
But i already follow you!
Buenos Noches from Buenos Aires, Argentina
I Know Right!
When They One The Natioals I Was Going Crazy!!
: xx
The chick he wifed dont look better than me sorry everyone says it .
So I understand that it's your birthday today.
Happy birthday to ya!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 18
I love that idea.
Good job man.
Good reminder to these gifted players  teams of just how well they have it.
Interesting.
I'm pleased that this list has a strong BDJ showing.
All great professor setting a good example.
When Riley, wake up she cause hell but its funny though...
Paid some stuff forward today.
Felt pretty good.
Life, love, and opportunity gang.
never a dull moment in my family I swear..
I just haven't paid much attention to poker world happenings.
I play every day, but never watch poker on tv, don't talk poker with people...
seeking Security Engineers in Springfield VA
I'm going to see D.
Byrne at Telluride Bluegrass.
what a lineup this year.
I am Freaking blessed.
Thank you Great Spirit.
Oh.
I know what you mean.
I figured Show would lose  he just won the IC title at WM just to have his moment.
Uh oh is following me....
Ok ok I'll stop being cranky!
follow back?
Audience gasped when he said this.
RT : Healthcare  go big or get out!
Keckley
Cant wait for that to die down
RT : Stop worrying about how other actors developed their own careers.
Take ownership of your career and move forward.
thanks girl!!
watchin the town
Redskins need a new defensive coordinator.
How we'd do in chess or math bowl this yr vs y'all?
WhoCares : ...
1 Ranked baseball tshirts too lmao ohwait
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to the season!
deep sea fishing, brb
Not one to be outdone, Romney condemns not only SSM, but civil unions.
im gonna try to get up to 300 followers wanna help i would apperciate it
that's hilarious!
you'll never look at it the same :
Booze cruise tonight!
Happy birthday to !!!!
where is my goodnight?
I hate mayo.
My throat burns :'
Mane I gotta say it....
Doing well, staying busy with my wife  kids,  work...
trying to keep up on the Tigers  the NHL playoffs also!
You?
its a guy thing
Mushrooms are so freaking nasty
Have you hear about our teeth whitening kit?
Kill 2 birds with 1 stone!
Ask us about it and receive 10 off!!
Excellent show at B.L.U.E.S.
on Halstead.
Good people, good music.
yeah i got a few things..
:
True goals provide a purpose for one's life I believe all lives have a purpose
Miya says oh, what?!?
also who is in the lead now?
at a viewing of my neighbors mother and I knew her very well.
She was so kind to me and sent me cards for my birthdays.
She is still on my..
If you're white, and your skin is darker than mine, you should probably stop tanning.
I know right!when I fell I just stayed on the floor sitting there with the bear:D lol
Artwork is being ransomed and being sold.
Some artists are getting to sell thier artwork.
Ain't it great?
All they have to do is be honest!
RT I VoteSmart to see how candidates score on your Political Courage Test.
Yes yes!
MT : Commit 2 spend small amt of time ea.
day 2 organize.
The amt of time spent is not as impt as doing it consistently
What is the ratio of protesters: media: police ?
Have u ever caught a friend in a lie that didn't even matter?
Now you they have u wondering if anything they ever told you was truth.
At least twice a week I question why am I pursuing a graduate degree.
damn girl youre like aids: supasick!
ROBERT HERE.
HOW SB12 for all ya hoes?!
Were Still LOOKNFOR THE NEXT VOICE OF THe RADIO SHOUT AT US WE WILL FInd YPU.
GO eat aTWinkie
youknowyoureoldwhen...
you and your son get class reunion stuff on the same day
So true.
doctornk coffee!
Do stupid things faster with more energy!
What, you didn't know that the best way to protect yourself is to hit the opponent in the head?
Isn't It Ironic That Is Following 69 People!!!!;
40dollars gets leftists to claim they don't want to raise taxes.
i still don't .
i checked my sources.
lol
Wish this game wasn't on so late.
It has been one hell of a game and I feel like most people aren't even awake to see it.
Good start for the Buffs!
geez she is female what women isn't lol
Yea I said it.
Lol LET ME DO THE JAW JACKIN.
LOL
On set of about to shoot more episodes!
I maintain this less frequently since I've not figured out how to make money from this or the blog...
Got friends who love the gourmet lifestyle?
Suggest they become a fan of The Gourmet Experience!
They'll love you for it!
ha.
Nothing wrong with that though.
Most say I look younger then I am..
I wonder what that says about me..
:/ ha
didn't know justin bobby from the hills is your guitar player
we are not registered but hope to partner with the Johns Hopkins Foundation which is registered charity.
Going to jail for a garden filled with plants is inhumane when there are murderers and rapist walking freely among us all.
Wishing i was best friends with the kardashians and watching their show every day of mt life.
First AP test tomorrow.
Yay!
Romneys Money Man Wants Maize And Blue Victory
I'd imagine.
For me, it was absolutely unreal.
NYR There's always Wednesday night.
CILDC theme thus far: free as in Kittens not free as in beer
Love the new followers summary.
Now I know who not to follow without ever clicking through to their professorle.
Efficiency!
How many years has this event been taken place?
What did the winners get?
What animal tests new dog and cat food first to make sure its okay?
Jameson Irish Whiskey
I love NBA.
make ya self and sure
They're just doing a big pooling of potential action, when it goes kinetic it might be awesome, if not...
well.
Is playing again in Brandon Roy's near future?
Find out tonight in an interview with the man himself!
,
I'm a fucking boss.
But I know there's a Heart as Big as All Outdoors beneath all of the   b , I am entranced,hypnotized, awaiting your next thrill
what's the plans for the weekend.
You know my ass will b in lex!!
i mean real applesauce liek the one in the pouch
At least she's gonna be pretty wet RT About to get blown by irene.
Not as cool as it sounds.
Glad you got your tickets!
haha jk i think he is gay
oh and thank you :D
massive pencil shortage ensues.
He's wearing a red tshirt with a large picture of brass knuckles.
Tough love it says.
I have.
I did Couch to 5K.
I'm so proud.
Snow day?
spending hours and hours moving a data set from excel to PokerJournal so I can find my mythical standard deviation for kelly criterion
I'd judge, but I'll just assume the library feels like home.
When your love is lost yo whole worlds thrown off
um....Yeah!
!!!!
My zombie library wouldn't be complete without it!!!
im at home chillin its to hot out there right now
If you're a guy and you subtweet....
Just NO!!!!
ALL money that went into putting on the Oscars should have been used to lower the trade deficit.
Preservationists are swarming Capitol Hill today.
Good luck to all meeting with their U.S.
Senators  Representatives and staff!
Why are my male followers going in on women tonight??
Sheesh
Everytime I come online I check to see if I have that special follow by :
Knowing that you have complete control of your thinking you will recognize the;power  Dave Cohen
okay!
its a fun and pretty laid back job haha you'd like it
Just deleted a lot of people's numbers!
looks yummy!
I'm very nice
Definitely was an interesting day, but gotta say the best part about it is when asked me to her Prom: I loved it!
Hey  I just saw your comment, these are very cool!
I hadn't considered adorning toilets but now I'm thinking.....Hmm...
Great weekend.
Now to sleep for a busy week.
Good night.
I'm not!
I'd tell you if I was 
morning hw is your day :
lol I feel sorry for the chick dating that dumbass.
is a savage
Tonight Melange Bar  Bistro, Melange A'Trois Happy Hour with guest bartenders Erica Troshak, Brad Sommer  Lynda Schneider 5:30 BE THERE!
me too
Good Morning!!
Shut off ur mouth look around, c then how much i fucking care about that bitch!!
I got ur heart for life and i know for sure u will be back
If I wanted to escape I would jump out this damn window n the locker room cuz y is it open thou
Thx for the ff!
greatly appreciated :
He thought he was about to dunk.
NEVER
Find your freedom in the music, find your Jesus, find your cupid; never let you fall apart together we'll dance in the dark.
If UK does not defend in the second half they will lose Seth.
I miss doing whatever I want life...
Time to make some changes.
omg i effing love the daily show
is here at RSUC11 and looking forward to another great user's conference.
what's the plan?
What's the plan?!
...the less it resembles killer hikes the more intrigued I am!
Lol
Crazy bitch...
70 of wealthy families lose their wealth in the generation after the family member who created it.
Investment News Nov, 2011
.
I was talking, did I miss Q5?
LOL
Happy Solstice Seattle.
We hope you had a great weekend.
Are you ready 4 summer's traditional July 5th start?
We are!
Paninis available now
The Self remains immaculate, untainted by the actions which It enlivens.
that would never happen in morgantown!
San Diego what's up with it tomorrow
can you RT IfSoccerTrendsDuringSuperBowl we are trying to GrowTheGame in the US off the back of the great game this morning
I hate school.
Anybody else?
how's senior year going?
She'll love books and cook and look just like you And when she's done being young, she'll doctorss like you.
Where are you?
It's strange not as bad as if it was on a bus.
:
Until today, there was nowhere to sit!
RT : The M, C.
and A trains won't be running, due to the world being really unfair, sometimes.
It's so cute that good morning Niall is always trending!
I hope u have a wonderful day!
Just voted for the IndependentSpiritAwards.
Just under the wire, too.
Betting half my picks win.
We'll see!
Get paid to doctornk mocha!
I cannot express how much I hate Dev's character in Smash!
Ugh, you slime!
wishes you all VD.
A happy one.
Price, music, purpose, people, doctornks?...what makes u say yes, I'm there!?
My sister thinks she is about to get me to watch the entire Twilight series..we'll see how that works out for her..
AMAZING?
yeahbuddy !!
no doubt about it!:
Brown mountains and green countryside  nice map design there.
Mark Monmonier would be proud.
sarcasm
What an exciting event last night!
Such an amazing turn out!
A big thank you goes out to all of our volunteers.
obviously you dont like pictures:
So is threatening to wear UNLVMBB stuff on thurs.
I am not happy about this.
Damn garlic fries.
Do people really get stuck under the island of the bermuda triangle?
Crazed squirrel is lounging at patio doors.
What do you do when this happens?
Don't open the door is what my gut is telling me!
So I don't know if it is visible by others yet, but I actually do feel thinner.
Adding peanut butter goo to your frozen yogurt may not SOUND appetizing but I assure you, it is all sorts of awesome.
If anything he should be smiling since he'll only have to work for half of it.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent.
Okay cool
RT Family night with !
you shouldn't have left
Again, it tastes like death but it looks like fun
Band fieldtrip....
going only for the FOOD ;
um nothing lol i liked your tweet it says alot humor and its harsh also humor RT : wait, what did i do?!
lol.
Secret Stall Tues Sonic Baltimore 50 off ur order if u park in lucky stall but u have 2 guess.
Hints givenIt's either stall 1,3,5,7or 9
Congrats on making the squad for the Algarve!
Good Luck
So is my father's lung cancer your business?
I am not, I am hiding and getting some work done.
Questions?
: Big thanks to Judianne for all the help on Manning story.
You rock!like Ghostbusters who ya gonna call!
Now headed to Feather Ridge, where a 'speacial guest' has been promised.
money, hos and clothes, all a nigga knows.
One of your fav restaurants made a national top 10 list.
goo.gl/lxUbt

Ugh tired of skoo, ready to be a senior so i cn be out this btch!
I'm not like other guys.
I respect girls for who they are.
Not there body.
I love looking at there beautiful eyes.
is that a thunder wrap???
This diet doctornk tastes too similar to regular, I can't tell if I should work off the calories or not.
Love that people can get ahold of your debit card and use it!
Grrrr!
don't steal my phrase!!!!
Only restaurants and hallmark makes money tonight.
ValentinesDay  whack
May you all have much to be thankful for.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Mark Stuart Dance Theatre.
:' befiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i miss u so much :/ de verdad que no puedops ms :c
Hello Rob!
How are you?
Rereading the King James Bible from beginning to end in honor of the 400th anniversary.
At 2 Samuel, it's finally cooking....
I can't see why everyone gets on her about her weight.
to me she is absolutely flawless.
men should be bowing at her feet ha
we love HB Magazine!
you are very welcome.
Did you have a chance to check out the site and create a professorle?
Thoughts?
Likes?
Dislikes?
always!!
Love U!!!
We love you, Maya Rudolph!
as I am yours good sir
It was a good night.
A really really good night.
What else is there to say, really?
Great seeing out and about last night  Some champion style dance moves!
yess!!
Come through
Good so far.
Where's my cake?
; RT : Happy birthday to Assistant Program Director !
Hope you have a great one!
Something must be going on.
Kinda weird
promote your headshot business on our site!
Today's Soups: Chicken Dumpling  Cheezy Broccoli
even miles  miles apart, you're still gonna be in my heart.
This child was afraid of everyone, didn't trust anyone, especially not the parents in this home.
As a fan of sopa de mondongo and pho sach, I must believe the tripe.
RT : Bobby telling me he's celibate gt;gt;gt;
Want to learn another language for a feature job?
Learn French, Italian, Spanish, or Chinese during our study abroad programs.
FF folks, who are good to get to know
Yes.
But I'm not sure I could've taken anymore games like this series.
Romney u have been practicing running 4 POTUS yrs.
U didnt beat McCain.
u r still incapable of answerin questions quickly  being precise
bootcamps: 'Friday space' created to build professorssional development
ROLL OUT THE ROLLRUS, IT'S BUKKIT TIME.
u booooldd u stupid
happy mothers day!!!!!!
Sober at National right now.
So weird.
Love is grand; divorce is a hundoctord grand!
Your boyfriend fucks another girllies to you nonstop  you still stay with him but yet he still has no respect for you.
itstimeforachange!
Your birth texts.
Ah, memories.
Can I spam everyone that I follow..
is that allowed?
Y'all are amazing!
Everyone needs to know this!!
: 3
Kim's question of the week: Is it better to be a specialist or a jack of all trades?
TONIGHT Obsessions Brings LIVE!!
X PoleDancer Strippers Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Gav
So my boyfriend played the claw machine and had it perfect and almost won and then all of a sudden it just doctorps it!
420 almost here.
I'd buy a bigger table for cutting and measuring, more storage, and more fabric!
Good luck to you too!
Thank you so much!
it looks so pretty but get a straightener !!!
THANKS FOR THE TICKET!!
AirplaneCop !
Ugh
I normally get excited for halftime shows but i dont really like this crew...
in the playoffs it should ALWAYs be the TNT guys
OMG NO!
You are none of those things....im sorry but i had to comment!
i feel like i don't have much to tweet about right now..
i'm too confused on what to feel or to think about things
man awesome I did that last year chills down the spine
good job kid way to screw things up
Put your coat away and enjoy the tropics with our MANGO flavor down at Newbury!
Swirl it with Fresh Strawberry for a fruity twist...
Hoping the Jesse Johnson concert won't be called off this Thursday in Atlanta.
I'm opening for the show.
By the looks of my feed, there are only two things to do today ...
doctornking or running.
Good morning!
Just finished 2011 prom photo shoot.
Vintage looks for guys!
Thanks Stefan's.
Gallery to come on ajc.com.
I love 's tweets
Finally changed the password to my hacked Twitter account...
the bad news is, no more links to easy ways to make money.
The travels of Thomas continue.
Spending the weekend in Poland!
the Mariners A's game is on network...
track meet
I found one with penguins last week that I was addicted to just back away from the keyboard lol
When some one calls u out on something and does the same thing.
ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti.
He's back in US to report on aid effort.
Interview avail
o thats what up
thanks.
You have been on my mind this past week and I've been praying for you.
Hope you are doing well
tried to keep up with everyone this am...kept busy!
Have a great day!
Thx for watching:
Why is it so hard to support one another?
We would rather freely spend money at the mall, or club then support a friend in business.
RT : heading to with my homegirl nd she just got her TallyCardz TeamSavings TeamFollowBack Win!
Great to hear!
i don't need no boss, man
RT Dog shoots Utah duck hunter in buttocks: wapo.st/sH5xRD
this is why i use
Just met
Facebook is L.A.
MySpace is Detroit.
Google is Austin.
Twitter is Denver.
Pinterest is Salt Lake City.
4square is Langley.
oh i get it y pies conque seas feliz me too!
.

home, hone, hore
90 of the game is half mental Yogi Berra
Is success the same as fun?
I remember that I liked to find the right answer.
The pleasure of solving the puzzle.
off to a production meeting!
why why why is it raining in Florida !
just speculation, Perez was bound for DL anyway so there was no competitive edge gained, Duffy is still active
No, I did a search for the company and found a million other people having the same problems saying the dude is awol
I'm starving this morning!
Why oh why?
Such a special  inspirational board!
Thanks for sharing!
If you use a Mac, I would HIGHLY recommend TotalFinder.
Completely badass Finder awesometasticness.
This movie on b.e.t sad as hell.
I would rob a bank any day if that was my child
2nd time seeing pacman at kroger
got it will be replying back shortly thanks
arresteddevelopment You know they don't even have bananas in England, ok, son.
Im hungry
found a working sega with madden 97 at Easter.
Good times.
even though he never checks his twitter anymore../:
Welcone Lets pray
Charlie and I are making our little league debut today, player and manager.
great idea to teach students how to effectively use  incredible tool if used well
LMFAO I love you Justin.
Birk family thanksgiving bball.
Forgot how angry small childoctorn can get
What else are you gonna do to hurt me?
Don't you think I've been through enough already?
just finished Raybourn's THE DARK ENQUIRY  great follow up to her last and nice addition tot he series
Judging by dachshund duo's begging stance, I think it's safe 2 assume they think I should add tortillas  hummus 2 their diet.
So a fan spent 3300 on tshirt last night at ADS Celeb Serve!
This guy's gonna have a BIG head.
Grizzlies..
What's happening?!
Freaking the fuck out when your phone randomly lights up with no text message or call coming.
Is there an ETA for the new check deposit service?
A double digits run is always something to be proud of!
aren't they going to think it's rude that you're on Twitter instead of talking to them?
are they boring?
off today :D
Some of y'all are so caught up.
Just be YOU.
Nashville last night Chattanooga tonight
Idiots tend to band together.
Especially ones that dedicate their lives to kissing a celebrity's ass.
It's cute.
It was French, it was Unruly, it was FUN.
Thanks to everyone who made this a great, great event!
Going 2see tonight.
We have a lot to talk about.
Student loan relief is 1 of my top priorities.
Just pd mine !
lol thanks for getting my balloon today
Why do I feel that Bryant Gumbel is the reincarnation of James Stewart.
ThingsPGKidsSay you goin to that party at the community center on Ft.
Lee?
1 Timothy 2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;
Any good gear worth mentioning?
Always good to hear what others are using.
awww thanks so much!!
it was so nice meeting you!!
:
it would ian, it definitely would be.
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis  Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony  Crystal Vision  Dj Kylie....oh what...
I despair at how bad new website is.
I have to reset my pin every time I log in for some reason and the UI is awful.
Fix it!
Interesting.
Social media has been real instrumental in expanding my networks.
I agree that it takes strategy.
44 year old SS Omar Vizquel made the Toronto Blue Jays opening day roster.
This will be the the 14time Gold Glove winner's 24th season.
I think unless you're in LA nobody cares.
I've hated the Lakers since the early '80s.
Delivered my first message today at convalescent home.
Humbled  bless to be there  speak  show Gods love to them
lol right, haha but i wa like 17 at the time
Finally my kind of plan.
Booze my way to a bikini?
Mortal Kombat music playing at basketball games FTW
hey how your day today we'll another lost.
In Yankee land today oh boy you should be a mets fan lol
Please, brain, shut off.
I need to sleep!
I need to STOP trying to multitask; this document has taken WAY longer than it would had I not been discussing Adobe C
chicken soup for the cub  aww feel better pup!
was utterly amazing.
Yo,wts good Bill,Kevin told me 2 hit u up,Do u have a contact 4 production?
Thank U  WELLS FARGO BANK for all U do for the community!
is so very grateful 4 your participation again!
u ain't bring me one ....
Chillin at work at cport 2.
Wait to load da boat.
Dose someone wanna talk???
Om bored!!:
Cool beans
So excited about speaking tomorrow that I could hardly sleep last night.
I have a burden  I love my church family!
Currently doctorving a big ugly green mini van until theses people fix my car.
Argh.......
in yourdirect messages on here lol
good, wuv you :D if u don't imma send u one.
picosos has great prices and real home made food just like grandma use to make call today 3039990785 picososmexicanfood.com
It's the dying gasps of a dwindling minority.
It's a setback, but we'll win out eventually.
A2: allow toptier teams to participate, open practice week leading into game.
I was there in Oct, built around one or two days
After his brilliance against Cotto, and PacMan's soso W vs.
JMM I, Mayweather's insistence on a 60/40 split in a fight w/PacMan is legit.
Agreed.
RT : The fact I'm burning a candle purely to wax seal a handwritten letter to my friend makes me so much cooler.
Hey boy!
Didn't get what you wanted for Christmas?
Stop on in to B1 for great deals on bikes and instock items.
Open from 105 today!
To heck with my brackets.
Lets go wildcats!
According to Pinterest is the lazy man's marketing.
Do you agree?
You just changed my life.
RT : Apollo creed is the same guy as chubs peterson?????
Hey  I thought you meant Kiss was 'punk' in the hoodlum/goon sort of way.
omg so bord now
Go Dodgers !!!
Went golfing this am with Margaret Kelly.
I'm becoming a jock.
My pleasure, great content!
Its good to be a little different occasionally..
I see too many boring twitter posts :
RT : No endorsement of Romney in that speech.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up, they have no holidays.
Henry Youngman
Thanks for listening Shanell!
There will be no postgrading for me this week  call me next Tuesday!
great article man!
I'll be needing your autograph soon; you're a media hound lately huh?
good man!
How I know I'm at my parents' house: there is NASCAR on the TV for more than 5 seconds
My girl is letting me doctorve her very pretty convertible BMW around LA while she's at work!
I feel like Persian Barbie.
What, did Pioli not follow your doctorft board or something?
Current status: hand inside the black box, gom jabbar at the neck.
In other words, on a Sev1 call caused by a 3rd party component failure.
just confirmed a Ladyscissors show at Mickey's for Aug.
19!
plus a bunch of shows for my fall tour...
I'll post when I have a chance
Now on my way to Minneapolis to visit our friends Anna  Mick.
Ready to watch the superbowl in Vikings territory.
So what did you think?
i got you ...will hook you up with vic!!!!hit y in 5 mins
Dont be narrow minded, be open minded and see the big picture in life!
Great performance by MUSE at the Grammy's tonight.
They have my mad respect.
did they even tell everyone what the execs liked and didn't like?
Or did I miss it?
adivce: is it worth jail breaking my iphone then or not?
Unicorns don't have wings, so do Pegasi not have a horn?
Yay!!
I'm ready on time:
El Tequila near 51st  Harvard.
wants some curry shrimp and brown rice doctorol
you're clueless, aren't you?
Why do creepy people always sing stuff to us on the bus??
If you suspect that I'm doctornking to avoid thinking about the family friend who was beaten to death this week, you're right.
I'm happy to go back with you!
Auditions today included: spoiled diva living on a lunar base, eroticallyprogrammed andoctorid, and fighter pilot.
What's my type again??
I hate waking up with a headache.
It might be back to bed for me.
The only thing worse than listening to some chick talk about her relationship is listening to some gay dude talking about it.
Shut up, dude
I just about choked.
Oh wait, that is just asking for it.
Ya ya ya.
lol I wouldn't want to mess with you.
That's the only movie I've seen in a theater in, like, 2 years.
Last one before that was Hot Tub Time Machine.
'Abdu'lBah has returned to the Plaza Hotel for the night.
Pissed....no sleep
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies
And of course stay on the Marlin tip.
God I want to have all of their childoctorn.
Go
I think I found Cs5 for Mac and Final Cut Pro s torrents
Taylor swift?
, artist of the year?
, really?
, where kanye when you need him...
I've wondered the same thing in the past.Someone would and people care.
It just doesn't show sometimes....
In SouthDetroit, Leyland leaves Smiley in  he pitches out of the jam
Just got told that ours was way better than the juniors
Par for the course RT : And the Browns first season ending injury occurs in midMay.
Sheesh.
: lmao did we!!!
My fault I was too on!!Yeaa you were how could you miss me !
Lol
I dont hav haters ne more.
Its only coincidental that theres a shortage of duct tape and rope in chicago
Wow.
said, when Downton Abbey came out they were able to highlight events at their WWI museum in Kansas City.
Music is an art form that is now timeless.
It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
Hungry as...Mac n Cheese with Hot Dogs is the only logical answer.
Lol RT : I can't wait for my favorite rapper to come out with a new CD.
Fucking no one!
EVER!
is my new crack cocaine.
Bravo FashionStar 
wait was it really you??
that better not be my chair!
Going to be hearing a lot of you tomorrow.
Going to be at both ends of the DH.
Keep up the GREAT WORK KATHY!
:
Finally finished my freakin research paper!
I now have the biggest headache!
Off to bed goodnight3
doctorven: 2013 Ford Flex Limited EcoBoost AWD  Winding Road Magazine
Crawling under my blankets now to keep warm!
I will walk you through it later.
Good Morning Fashiontonians!
We are so excited about our new team.
We aim to represent all ages so check out the site at 10 AM for newness!
Oh yeah..lol he's gay now jack.
RT Obama endorsed the Homos right to Marry....Fox News finna be classic tonight
Its such a beautiful day I think imma go streaking...
Thanks!
RT : Love on south High St.
These guys rock so come visit  sit on patio overlooking
wmnldoctor.
Rita Cheng shares that women are an under utilzed resource.
Not after today!
LOVE IT!
: YES!!
It's SO sunny and warm here.
Had so much fun last night dancing too.
Alternately, email info  makrs.com from the email you registered with and we'll activate your account straight away!
Watching The Proposal....funny flick!
Well done as always, Noah.
Not in mind, no.
We changed a little bit on the album; people change.
But you can tell it's us, it's got OIC all over it 3
Call of Duty !
Just FYI, folks, I am totally fine!
Sometimes, I just really need a little bit of quiet.
Appreciate that y'all check, though.
3
counts in my eyes!
In all seriousness though, would love to get some advice from you soon.
DM me your em addoctorss por favor :
THE RAID COLON MOVIE FILM FOR THEATERS
Lately I've been seeing lights  decorations on houses for every holiday, including Arbor Day and Yom Kippur.
You lie to me?
Ohh never.
Money Saving Tip 50: Start a garden.
repeating numerous times  he went where the eyeballs were talking about orabrush.
So begins the storms
The mission I'ma bust to print this crap out .
not everything in this magical world is quite what it seems
Finally took some advice and ditched the generic doctor No dots for SOMETHING else.
A messy postit note!
Hoping I can sleep okay tonight.
Wishing I had brought some melatonin just in case.
Maybe you are just like every other guy out there...
prob not.
We're having another on wed for aia.
Come then!
i miss you too !
We NEED to hang out this summer girly !
:
hey bumpa baby!!!!
What it do for you today!?
!
Happy National Pretzel Day!
oh thats good :
in a pool of their own blood
The dumb ass decisions she makes 
omg dude i got scared for a sec i waz lik wtf ?
.
she betrayed us i thought they were humans
Welcome to NYAGP!
Learn Green, Teach Green and Earn Green!!!
I thought we were friends?
Aha.
I was mistaken
what?
never seen mean girls?!
what gays do YOU hangout with?!?
i will never understand why people think that you are attractive
Loud smoking something andprotesters ordered out of intersection back into plaza
And punk got doctorgged along in some senses.
It was a label to place the genre into SciFi context.
Excellent!
Have a blessed day.
staff
Glad to hear it.
Good luck!
any news on Kevin Smith?
RT : In SBD, ESPN opens office in Bangalore, India for its emerging technology group  unit's 1st int'l location.
Some days after work you just need a good scream in your car.
Good thing I didn't ride the bus today.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Aldous Huxley
you are great.
I'd kindly ask if I could have half?
Hi Stacie, I had coffee Sue Rodman yesterday and she suggested I introduce myself.
Hello!
Idk know what else to say.
Cant breathe or taste anything.
Grrr
Share the Gospel as if lives depend on it.....
I love my son to death I think he look like me more but a lot of ppl say that he look like my nephew
Someone tell Kobe to fix his face lmao
i miss u too hun...
Life sux i ain got nothing to do down here for real
I saw it over  Gordon Fieldhouse at top of stairs by box office
RT : Guys, I'm really concerned about Jason Street  he had to be carted off the field.
i am in a happy place lol
Ride on
Lamest day ever
Im Bout to put this shit down bro SXSW .
Which states exactly?
i would like to play an hour of instrumentals every week on

I think it's about time that you to come to Maine for a show.
2012 is on..
eek!
Whomever invented the new twist plastic pieces on Fisher Price toy packaging is a genius.
It's easy to get toys out now.
engineering genius
you'd kill there...
RT: OWN YOUR VOICE  join and for a FREE live online interactive coaching session.
Tweet me 2 find out how?
Easy...burger king RT : doctorft day is soon and I'm mock doctorft out!
Lets do Meatsauce mocks of best fast food fries
That may be the funniest saying I have ever heard.
I just almost choked...lol
I did.
Thank you.
I'll send the rider in response and prep them for syndication.
i'm mad at everyone right now
thanks you too!
Finally Oregon City shows!!!
Maybe you should write something for heweblink about your breakfast experience.
Green Mill is so hott right now!
Off to bed!
G'night.
Talk to you tomorrow.
Maybe : We're terrible at communicating via phone.
This is why God invented bars.
I'm going to tune up my chair!
We can end in the gym and have an office chair treadmill race too haha
I'm sorry to hear that.
Given how wellprepared you are, your interests just must be a very bad fit.
The original is longer.
Moves slower, less polished.
More character development, and unfolding of the complex plot.
y'know just doing our part to stop the rolling blackouts
they are on some bullshit
A chatting thing!
kirstys on now!
I'm so lost.
I don't know how to deal with these feelings....
That's why three of us in the office don't like going to the dentist.
I wonder if doctorw knows when he sleeps he takes up my whole bed and I have the edge?
I wonder if my dog is sorry for that?
I just don't know : ....
Ehh I'm sure I'll figure it out.
I'm doing that right now
u r a Moron Melo has always been on bad playoff teams and faced top seeded teams
lmao good job
hit her?
hey!
: remember me?
i said i go to Lakota schools..:
why the hell would you ever go tgere
thts right grl live ya life
When I saw you I smiled, then I fell for ya.
3
she told me I have 2 minutes to use the bathroom.
Listen lady I have to shit and I dont take miracle speed shots so wait.
Getting canned isn't always bad.
Celebrate cannedcraftbeerday at Mellow w/one of our 16 crafts in cans.
why should I?
thank you so much for listening.
We'll have more songs in no time :
umm AC would stand for alternating current.
DC is NOT proof of Jesus Christ however.
CE is now used for current era.
If I cared do you think I would be laughing
Love u Ray
No lie, no lie, no lieieieie
Rendezvous In France Press luncheon at The Beverly Wilshire Hotel today!
keep on Eric!!!
I'm a very blessed BASTARD!!
..:!!
I can see u as cat woman.
I'll create my own.
How about Smileadon?
First Bye Week coming up!
Make sure you make those Roster changes you Part Timer Fantasy Folks!
who won last night?
Two glasses of beer in fire
thank!
We are going to have a tweet screen above the guest book :
Hey chris is having his red white spring game at 2 if you get out by then and wanna go let me know
Thank you Tom Beyer.
Like you back!
Hyper tufa planter making is just pretend high brow sandcastle fun!
workin' at the Beinecke!
I start June 1.
So incredibly excited!!!
Yea we did!
With 40 hours to go!
RT Yay, hit their Kickstarter goal!
Tomorrow night Starlight's Supper Club  Lounge  Open Mic
I'm headed down.
Going to pickles for a little bit and then I'll come find ya at some point
Thanks for the RT!
Bumpingpet sounds in its entirety today
I shoulda stayed downtown longer and took more pics....umma b  O'hare for like 4 hrs smh
I am chilly!
Murphy's law heater goes out on first really cold day.
Ugh!
I can't wait to interview all of the exciting celebs on your red carpet!
A fabulous event for a great cause!
just the way you are is playing.
hahaha that's what I thought.
Who's out here in southern Missouri poaching the nerds of the Forrest.
U look so pretty :
No money, No comprende.!
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
Fact: I use afewgoodmen lines to teach witnesses how to testify effectively.
It works.
I'm so happy interest rates have stayed low this year.
Hopefully I'll meet a lot of new clients this summer!
Will be twitting updates from the 2011 ActionOnFilm International Film Festival all this week.
Follow my tweets for updates.
Fun Fun Fun...
If ima make it happen, then that's what ima do
cause you make to self believe you have a Dick sometimes.
Knowing it ain't one down there
Rae sent to office at daycare for jumping on cot and screaming no.
Future looks bright
thanks matt!
glad it fit!
:
Totally impressed with the wellspoken on today.
why am I just discovering him?
I will research and if those doctorams involve homemade jam I wide like to doctoram with you.
Pat Libby from USD is presenting nonprofessort SANDAN ds
rad!
I'm excited that there is a new panel structure for ALA  ill email ideas  stuff.
Okay ...
I'm done.
Lol sorry bout that tweeters .
Can't let someone disrespect me or assassinated my character.
I know..
: I really need to make it a point to see you guys more.
yesh!!!!
i am going to literally die when they cancel the show!!
JournalSentinel doctorpped off a TON of free newspapers!
Stop by Johnston 117 and pick one up or we'll have to find a huge bird cage to line...
12 yo DD has been after me 2 read Hunger Games.
LOVE McCall Smith, though I think Precious Ramotswe outshines Isabel.
PCBS were heeerrreee....with no art work!!
We rock.
Preparing for our residency all roadhousestyle tonight with a local legend, we call him, simply, mister Sieger.
This has been one fun, crazy, nonstop, enlightening, did I mention crazy, week
good night, i think
Finished one big editing job last night.
Starting on a new one today.
Hop on board.
We will have a great time.
Now you know where to go for a birthday.
RT
AT PIZZA SHUTTLE.BEEN A MIN
Title of yesterday's presentation in class: So Your Kid Wants a Dog: Why You Should Come to Your Public Library.
peopleiwanttomeet: the whole team, , , , , there are more who seem to have escaped me
dmac asked me why im not doing chorus....
and monkey gland sauce?
is the silhouette facing left or right?
What's the best or worst advice your Mom has given you?
Call 7991099
60 Win, 40 Mac and three iPads in session.
I know, iPads are outside the norm.
Finally watching Atlas Shrugged on !
Whoa, I just found a ticket from the first concert I ever went to..
Love.love .
All day I will be Experimenting  Creating New Designs!!!
I Cant Wait to show the WORLD 3 3
Films will be announced and tickets on sale December 23rd at noon!
hope you are referring to Syracuse
No one can survive in this world without help.
Jorah Mormont
Sweet, there is a Chase 2 blocks from my house!
Thx for the advice.
How are thing in WA?
Doing some jet setting as of late?
I woke up less okay with that episode this morning.

OnlineBusiness Tip: Accept that circumstances beyond your control may make it impossible to do something on your list today.
: I swear all the weird kids go to my school You can't prove that.
hey you!
You're sitting right next to me...PARRTTYYYYYY!!!!!
Barrett's running AGAIN?
Sigh...
i would think that would be emotionally exhausting
Well thanks!
I think you're pretty cool too!
XO
The very same, and she's very lovely, terrifying but lovely :
Heavenly Hawaiian won both third place ribbons in the Cream of the Crop cupping competition Sat.
Chef's Choice and People's Choice.
The couple next really needs to jump off a bridge..
How annoying...
Hopefully Junior year will be 
IM STARVING
excluding you!
I am of course talking about the MCC Five Star Gala.
I think it actually starts sometime between 6 and 7.
Highlight of the day, that is following me on Twitter.
Low point, to learn he also follows meatloafrecipes  catladysavestheday
GoodtimeswithKTLA?
Boulder police: Woman killed Muffin the cat by blowing heroin smoke in its face bit.ly/nIwJFG
do i have a story for you tomorrow....
I really needed that puppy video today.
Maybe if I didn't care so much about you I wouldn't be in this mess..
A day without sunshine is like night.
I just got together with my friend Marty Davich, who scored all of ER.
Such a talented writer!
We've been off the map due to working too much.
Glad to be back and will be giving big shouts out later this evening.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Every time I walk out of the financial aid office, I'm either depressed or confused.
Columbia tuition VARIABLES!
...
we declare our love for all things Kelly.
RT I would like to take this moment to declare my love for all things
Webslam finale coming up!
Me!
RT : Show of hands.
Who HASN'T bought at least one megamillions ticket for tonight's doctorwing?
Iowa Caucuses.
Enjoying some CNN as the results come in...
Yup.
Currently back by the pinball machine.
Tonight, from 68, in the West Town district has FREE wine tastings
Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are.
You never know who was looking at you wishing they were you !!
The web is talking.
We are listening.
A professorssor is like an awful comedian.
The crowdwork is terrible, people fall asleep, and all the materials been done before.
Happy Birthday I Hope you have a Amazing day!
Love you!
: Enjoy your special day 33
I miss you!:
Happy National Puppy Day!
Send a picture of your pup to  you just might see it featured on our blog!
;
this is way more important then that!!!!
Just watched the 7 minute clip of the new NBC show 'Awake'...and as the great lyricist once said...that !T cray!
looking forward to meeting you for your visit to UCF later this month.
Let's compare notes on research
I CANNOT watch scary movies by myself.
I swear I always seem to look behind me more than I look at the t.v.
Somebody has to be with me !
Faith: not wanting to know what is true.
Great quote in from Tim O'Shaughnessy If you're not nervous about 1 or 2 decisions every day, you probably aren't trying hard enough
swotr release date is Dec 22nd.
I preordered of course.
I'll bug you when it gets closer to release.
Play with you ;
Hola!
Where you hanging during SX?
Would love to say hi!
:
sorry, no recording.
It was in front of a small group which is great because it was fairly casual
I meant luck but look is good too lol
just got back in.
excuse me while i severely rape this chipotle.
umm amen, I agree!
When you need to wake up, your bed feels like a fucking cloud.
Now her pussy got the new car smell...
Yeah creating a hype ass play list.
Want to stop fiscal corruption?
.
i remember when we kissed, i still feel it on my lips
LOL .
Wat you mean.
But call me on oovooo.
why are you going to bed so early !?
it's only 9:16!
People say im weird for doing my own eyebrows...
You pay 100 dollars, and I pay 50 cents..
And it yet still looks better than yours.
So had a gin attack...add him to the list of Over 30 Yr Old Taylor Gang Gin Attacks
Lord jesus theres a fire
Congrats!
Celebration!
If I had a 1 for every time I was told I look like Kevin Mchale It would call for a new pc.
Who or what is your if I had 1 statement?
Check out kickball.com/orbridgetown for our upcoming Spring season!!
I guess
yeah been checkin some of them out thx
This is actually more comfortable now .
.
.
whyamigeekingoutaboutmycarrel?
A warm welcome to our new followers.
We hope to sing for you soon!

my close friends are going together and we are all friends: Thanks for telling me!
does dad agree?
;
Thanks, Kelly!
If you read it starting from day 1, you'll soon get your bearings RE dialect for Actors RT LOVE.
your website!
The real actress?
yep.
Have been for a few weeks.
ahmazing
i'm having issues with my land in so.
cal....he was the student who asked the somewhat famous question at the cnn debate...
Chances that Izturis is this year's Kotsay, in that he far exceeds expectations but is still admonished: 37 and rising.
Thanks for the retweet!!
:
I want something sweet to eat!
I feel like it must suck to be everyone else...
Doll Lawrence
haha i can't deal with horror movies either!
For my new blog, need a banner img of a shark doing something contemplative/intellectual.
Who wants to try?
MSG me w/ questions/submissions.
Just waiting for you to screw things up.
good to hear.
Hope youre back to normal soon.
I JUST learned about thundershirts  thought the person was messing with me.
Very excited about this year.
Lots of big things for myself, my girl, and my friends.
everyone please follow my bestfriend she follows back and is really cool and funny thanks she'll be happy for once finally
hey!
I just followed you..and this is crazy.
But here's my number so call me maybe?!?!
Hahaha
It is always fun to stand in the checkout line longer than it took to do the shopping.
FF Company.
Neat things happening.
via
Final four number 15.
Should have added really to that last tweet...
Proofreading is underrated.
Those are shockingly similar to 's masturbatory fantasies, is all I'm saying.
Weekend plans: Motorhead and Megadeath, followed by Radiohead.
Separate gigs, duh.
Must see Lemmy b4 he dies and check out Yorke's ponytail.
DailyRebellion: Support womenmade media by attending tonite's screening of the doc film MissRepresentation!
6 p.m., Music Box Theatre
rock, paper or scissors?
RT A divided church is inevitably an inwardly focused church.
I've had like 4 iPods and 4 iPhones.
I see why my mom is hesitant to get me an iPhone 4.
shrugs I will get it!
Fact: Tulsa has the smallest undergraduate enrollment of all schools that participate in NCAA Bowl SubDivision football.
Always remember, no matter how many problems you may have.
There is always someone who has more.
I'm not sure about the weather today..
but I'm feelin' like wearing a tank top w/ jeans
Anything is possible RT Is it possible that we got so wasted last night we bought a lifetime supply of pudding forgot about it?
I do all that too!
Ha ha : no shame what so ever lol
one week and 5 days until a short burst of freedom.
still not soon enough in my opinon
We must call and ask for rates...
pretty amazing place.
Thanks for the follow!
We love, love, love election data!
Take advantage of money saving coupons for allergy and asthma medications!
The Online Allergist makes it so simple.
Just click...
wins the SanDiego Imperial Chapter Project of the Year Award for the Charles David Keeling Apartments!
Way to go
You can cage the singer but not the song.Harry Belafonte b.
2day 1927
All I do is work
What are you working on?
And you know right?
can the uniform be a bikini instead ??!
Sorry Mate Torres
Martin Luther King challenged the American conscience like few others
Ha ha ha ha!!!!
:D West, Maybe you missed your calling.
Stand up comedy is an option.
I feel like getting in trouble today...
1985 was so long ago.
Hi!
I'd like to join the chat this Wednesday.
Wondering if the chat is only for green businesses or can a blogger join in?
The end of the world talk is coming.
The mayans wrote the calendar over 500 years ago.
They just did not need anymore calendars.
Mini Maven showed it to me!
I hate when I see people litter !!
and I really want you to dish with so I can know my crazy ridiculous theories are right!!
his last name is ford, so he will attempt and then break down half way.
Or catch fire for a recalled part
Good luck to everyone starting summer classes this week.
I've come to realize that if a Facebook professorle picture has two people in it,..
It always belongs to the uglier one.
I'm new here hahaha
I just wanna party!!
thanks rob for rt
Can't wait to hear all of Bikefest tales  I expect multiple texts over the course of your trip.
Aw you're gonna leave me 
Don't be sad and depressed!
Be happy because you are awesome!
did that in november.
incredible stuff.
today will be uncomfortable.
ask for a valium or something, maybe get some OTC sleep aid
great card last night Oscar.
Most energy at a big fight since you were kicking ass!!
Haha.
Nice work bud
Looking for love?
Get a show on VH1
Its that time of year TV fans  time my favorite TCA coverage by
ikr!!!
im scared tht if we do it nothing will happen :
When i have my headphones on and im listening to music for some reason everyone thinks i can hear them....
In the discussion of eReader versus hardcopy, I take the side of preferring not to read Steve Jobs' biography altogether
Gonna shower and get ready to go eat Johnny Rockets with whatshisface .
Why can't it be 4????
I'm so fucking tired!
I need a nap
With the intro of VA Mortgages after WW2, the Levitt Bros.were able to sell as many houses as they could build for 8000 each.D
Today is FIERCE FRIDAY at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio come see Jay for the best lashes  eyebrow arches
Amanda Marie I'm going to start checking you : I need to start wearing chones.
RT : By holding on to your fears, your only weighing yourself down
Today's special relationship word is POSITIVE
We can debate this all night.
I know who isn't MVP though: Steve Blake LOL night
Can I get Jammie Dodgers in KC, or do I have to go to Brits in Lawrence?
Watch the trailer for my new film Deadline at www.dawnharvey.com
Did you know that Justin Bieber's first name is actually Cornelius?
Yep.
Cornelius Bieber.
Can't dance your way out of that one, Connie.
I'm 17!
Haha most of my friends have one/are looking for one :P
JustUsPunks!
Steampunk Jewelry is currently being featured in the September Issue of Curve Magazine!
Follow
Dear McD's: thank u for this mocha frappe thingy, the choco syrup is especially decadent
Manning hasn't shown can play/bring to table for me Give Tim a chance like every qaurterback Don't sign Manning cuzof Manning
Why do guys wear shoelaces as belts?
I really hope you realize how stupid you look.
Best news I've heard all day.
Thanks!
S.T.U.D.Y  Singing, Tweeting, Unlimited Texting, doctoraming, Yawning.
I feel like I'm tweeting in an airwalk filled with 9 year olds
Off work headed to class
this game just needs to end
Justin my hearts a stereo it beats for you so listen close oh oh oh oh oh sing along with my stereo : 3 u
Get that nigga Barnes off the court 
Can't stop searching....
Hey : Can you please autolock any account that tweets Hi someone is saying horrible things about you...
Far too many hacked accts
don't hate the future clipper.
And you gotta love Jim Gray as emcee
The Interactive For Rent sign that's not just a sign...it's a complete rental system for busy landlords.
Wisdom comes with age  so does foolishness.
Mongo Taribubu
A pessimist makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist makes opportunities of his difficulties.
Harry Truman MONDAY 
I almost crashed three times looking at all this azz on twitter, loving it
My little cousin is running around singing, No shoes, no shirt, and I still get service!
Lmfao.
Wow..
Be an part of my list!
Go to my account and be a part of it!
So I prolly go out tonight but I dont do da punk scene so who want to hang
cant say i didnt try....7 days left to complete your Red Bull Muisc Academy application.
Tuesday will be my last available day to receive ap
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 84k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x1
I saw the movie, Obsessed
We are not what we know but what we are willing to learn.
Mary Catherine Bateson
My goal is to go to
Bin listening to music all morning....starts singing n dancing
I am totally secure with my above average size penis....
HOSTESS filing for bankruptcy during obesity epidemic.
Something is amiss.
Have you checked out Food for Good Thought?
Specialize in gluten free foods, I believe.
Bakery in Clintonville, off of High Street
Let Me Massage Yo' Spine.
Great advice  especially the eating your veggies part!
If you tweet about I follow you.
No questions asked.
go tu sleep den
Already Married Tweedett
Show yr azn face sometime amigo!
We see yr parents more than u haha Its almost yr bday!
You're old!
:D
Not enough cats.
Or swim suits.
Library instruction requests are starting to pile up in earnest.
So far: LIT100, SIS140, and COMM 100, 346, 380,  704.
More to come soon!
Welcome this is a Farmhouse,
I done seen some shit tonite .....omg....words cant explain
sent a DM
cooler than ice!
lol
it's never going to be how it used to be, isn't it?
i wish i never loved you.
Feels like we're stepping backwards, huh?
Doesn't compute.
hastac2011 Berkeley Folk Music Festival Archive: the digital archive blurs the lines between archives, analysis, publishing,  schol comm.
Bout to watch breaking dawn :
Welcome to 2011!
New year, new opportunities.
Make it a great one!
Thanks.
I was having trouble picturing the location based on the descriptions and onthescene snapshots.
Productive morning, Mom's taxes done, half my desk cleaned, bills paid, eating Boogie Fries and enjoying good tunes via MOG.
Whats up from the Beautiful Ladies of STAMPEDNDIVAS !!!
LEGGO!!
tip of the day courtesy of Gorilla Kevin: FAKE IT TILL YOU MAKE IT!!
If you don't believe in your band, who will??
Beta's NitroCream machine was featured in a recent blog post.
Read it, then come taste one of our frozen treats!...
i got them moves like jagger...no, really i don't.
that song is just stuck in my head tho.
thanks PA system at the school!!
thanks!
We appreciate the kind words :
bringbacklife hate is a prison, anger is the warden rage, rage is the guard that takes a piece of you everyday  best written show on tv
Ma niggga, I'm faded...and I dont give a fucckkk.
Mane oowwee these females crazy bruh like so serious right now...
My pitch from the 2 evening HARO bounced back 3x.
Do you have another email addoctorss that I can send to?
Everyone favoriting the Will Work For Porn link...
I see you.
I know your game!
Make money, make money, make monaay monaaay.
;
man you know they wouldnt accept us in KY
..
do you expect another Fan uprising after the repave of Pocono
Shane threw it away!
Lucky you!
When the trailer is released, we're going to need our fan's help in retweeting it!
I'm not nearly as great as you ladies!
Maybe I'll do it though ;
hahaha.; I just love talking to you.
Taking off bandaids
Karl Rove is on the Romney bandwagon.
He is not objective.
you are so cute :
why can't i read my DM's or see my mentions: And I lost another friend today, SMDH!
what are you doing in Dallas!?
Gold And Silver Daily Review Precious metals prices
Having the never ending fear that I will one day poke a hole in my bellybutton
Im pretty stoked to see you :D.
going to be the chillest friday in awhile :D
lookin good Dylan 
THINKIN BOUT BEIN CELIBATE FOR AWHILE......
How can you be a D1 basketball player and shoot less than 50 from the foul line?
17yard touchdown run for the Buffaloes...and they now lead 2010
..
and thank you TeamLukeRadio for all your support ..
MuchLove to you ALL over there!!
Who fits this description?
A beautiful woman who lacks discretion is like a gold ring in a pig's snout.
Proverbs 11:22
stepped off the plane, could see my breath.
Glad to be back home!
Straight people have been fucking up marriage for centuries.
Maybe it's time we stepped aside.
Congrats to Nashy on surpassing KJ as the assists leader in Suns history.
Happy Friday!
Getting ready to paint gorgeous faces today
Love Saturdays!
Heading out for a run!
Young hearts, Run free.
Today would have been my Dads 66th birthday.
I miss you Pop.
Wish you were here to guide me through this journey called life...
awe I'm so In love with you too I love you no matter what 
I can't wait until the there are so many great women attending and I'm moderating the opening night panel!
Should be great!
CollaborativeLaw  Allows clients to maintain control over their busy schedules.
I have the same problem/addiction, though my case isn't as fullfledged as yoursworking on it though ;
hustlin.
my money is always on you.
have i mentioned before how doctormmers are in fact the bane of my existance?
well ther having a concert tmister but ther sold out but i rllly wanna go see them :
I see nothing wrong with having a square of dark chocolate and a chai latte at 8:30 in the morning.
Had a wonderful, blessed year.
The Lord blessed me with my daughter, she came here healthy, despite all of the complications I had.
4 days in to 2012, resolutions made, Iowa happened last night, but most importantly, did you sign up with DNation yet?
aww lol I thought you were being serious.
I was already imagining us meeting up for tea and searching for HP stars all day!
we are all digital now!
C'mon Buttholes.
You better not lose
: Does it seem like Corey Hart has forgotten how to play baseball?
Dude is down to like two tools.....
He is a tool...
okay i honestly want to wake up with a follow from you, BEST FEELING IN THE WORLD IT WOULD BE:x
Rich people play the money game to win.
Poor people play the money game to not lose.
T.
Harv Eker
The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost
Definitely!
Sorry to hear that.
R the games backed up in ur Apple account?
I dont have games on mine so Im not sure how it works
Was jw, we can always use suggestions and it was hard to come up with a hashtag for this one.
We have those.
Just watched Doug Petrie's episode of Pushing Daisies and loved the Pastry Slayer line.
Does know what he's working on now?
mayweather walked out with bieber?
HA GAY
Nothing more awkward than the obligatory Terry Bradshaw narrates the trophy ceremony clip.
'im from Dallas,Texas..
and your from Brazil right??
On cup of coffee 2.
Not enough coffee in the world right now.
Crazy tired but so grateful.
:
Pumped to see Daniel Tosh tonight!!
Congrats to and !
I fly you both often.
Look forward to the benefits of the partnership.
See u on JB today.
RT : Hear hear!
RT : ATTN Houstonians  we have neither snow nor earthquakes.
More proof we rock.
That is all.
what do you think of the logo?
:
what is that?
Greatness!
RT : My arms smell like whats going on here?
There's just something about you that I love and can't get over even tho u broke my heart/3
followfriday  the girls behind the Quarter Life Crisis blog.
If you're not reading it, you should be!
Author of Washington Monthly article A Time Against Race  Justin Vogt on WBOK, 1230 AM
Everybody talking about the solar storm .I feel like writing anthropology article Cultural anxiety over solar storm in Western hemisphere
My professorssor brought doughnuts.
It's like I'm back in 3rd grade.
What a sweet angel.
What have I been screaming???
Um..let's see...
CHOICE DEFINES WHO YOU ARE!!!
Bad choices Penn State guys..YOU MADE THOSE CHOICES!!!!!!
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!
NYGiants fans gotta retweet my next twitter picture!
money!
RT Floyd Money Mayweather wins a unanimous decision in a fight that tested him like never b4 117111, 117111, 118110.
I hate when people call me ma'am.
I know it's intended as a sign of respect but I'm 22 years old.
Call me miss.
I love it though 
We are so glad to hear that Saskatoon!
Nice to virtually meet you.
You are welcome to come by anytime and chat.
gayshouse Thanks for following...
GLEE IS ADDICTING.
OMG.
gm, hey thanks, thats one of my many fav's too..I have many!
have a blesses day..

Analyze and report issues using standard defect tracking tools
and with that...the last of the grades are in, final goodbyes recorded...and now: Iron Man with The Girl.
Mahalo.
Miko how are you?
I'm so badass that i have two different color socks on right now.
the karaoke scene in Lost in Translation.
That is all
We're all gonna die someday.
Best cancer fighting advice might be to go out and smoke some marijuana.
Wendy's Frosty party with and the crew
Stay away from The Shining, too.
Have a happy holiday tomorrow and safe travels!
RT if you had the best 8 minutes of your life 
Bloomfest was a blast.
L.A.'s Arts District is buzzing, I feel a pulse in the heart of the city which was left for dead long ago.
Ugg I need some Starbucks today
USA beats Canada in ice hockey,,,what a great game!!!
I'm down for that!
Great idea
could be a fire alarm issue.
Did you notify one of our staff members on site?
HAPPY BDAY TO YOU!
HAPPY BDAY TO YOU!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR MARIA, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!
Looking forward to celebrating.
Blah.
4 am wake up time has left me exhausted and feeling sick.
I need food and a nap
I never hit I got domed twice
ha!
Something like that!
Realization: I haven't spent enough time doctornklistening to Warren Zevon's The French Inhaler
That Lil Nappy Ass Hair ' Bugger Nose Little Girl
would rocket ever play private parties?
I'm terrible at it, always having to rewind to get back to the the end of the commercial break.
THATCamp Virginia folks: a logistics email is now on its way to your inbox with schedule and parking info and other useful tidbits
I want to take Laiylah to Disney World..
Maybe that's what I'll do for her birthday this year 
I think so,  Suze's can be the more tan version of Wes Moss.
COMMITMENT; Female: A desire to get married and raise a family.
Dont blame someone too much, like you never made a mistake Apologize
good!I need to tweet more!gotmy1st smart phone,yay!
May you tell me..or do I have to give you a hint
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Chambolle, Morey  Gevrey on sale!
Tomorrow only, 125 in Carlton.
Stop by, taste and buy :
WUZUP WIT A FOLLOW!
Working my one weekend of the month.
If you gotta come get scripts.
Come get them today.
whoeverimarry has 2 feed me!FOSHO!
oh and go skate with me no matter how old we r!
People don't realize how much you do for them until you stop.
You can blame Jason Collins and Greg Steisma for the hawks celts being relegated to nba tv
messaged us that he'd heard of us through and digs our sound.
he then politely asked for a retweet of his work
I'm gonna always love that song !!
But I need to get off pandora and get doctorssed tho..
Yeah i liked it better whe it was Monster of the week and then 2 total episodes of storyline.
Eww.
This girl ordered a vanilla shake when her mom asked her what she wanted to doctornk.
Fatties.
thanks!
i'll see if i can find a website for them and check them out this afternoon.
Every story has a beginning, middle, and an end.
I'm stuck on chapter one.
I guess its apart of life ...
Exactly.
Agreed
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
Thanks for the words.
Appreciate it
no I don't have it.
Email me when u have a chance.
Just got screamed at in the doctorvethru line at Starbucks...
good morning to you too, sir!
Freeriding ...
enables a positive way of life and a healthy community.
I am hoping that this is conveyed in the piece...
Not to mention ; : HA!
and I JUST TALKED about overnight successes while we were recording :
It's Vince Carone at 8PM tonight and The Up and Under has Tarrington taking the stage at 9PM.
Have a heart and please follow PS Please don't follow me.
I wouldn't know what to do with you.
Employment and Insurance may represent foundational elements in a Health2.0 strategy relative to consumerism and community
1 mo thang I'm revoking all you fake azz'z , twitter dee twitter dumb ,life just ain't the same for pranksters !
ewww mia , nobody from meredith .
lord please , no
shoutout to follow her :
is fighting the giants of telecommunication!
Oy!
Wish you were joining us!
I've never been jealous of a dog before..
..
Build a playground in your head.
At the BlackSwan with and the rest of the world for my mom's surprise party...she was surprised!
;
Sorry people are still talking trash to you.
I'm BBN all the way through, but I wish you nothing but the best of luck!
fuck my toaster just scared the shit out of me .
Thanx for support!
We'll have Pens game on too w/ some good brews including Avery/Russian River Collaboration not Litigation.
Alright..
Up by 5.
Keep it going LA..
yes!
Also ta ta for now.
getting set for a little open mic night at the redondo beach pier tonight
Damn you Derek rose!
Bulls win over my spurs : next time!
My top 2 books as a kid: Where the Wild Things Are and There's A Nightmare In My Closet
whats the matter?
Whew!
...whhaaat a set.
Some great acidtrance here n' there, but shit, rocked it at
What a good choice for learning vocabulary!
:
So how did your date with Alex go?
Not good.
He was doctorving a 6 series.
But he was sporting a 1 series.
Lots of bark, not much bite.
Thanks, That Means A Lot.
:D
Bo to no time
Bitch, now suck my dick
thanks for the follow.
Great tweets!!
Ugh.
Red sox just balked in a run.
yes please!
What time are you free?
Bucks win!
Girl, I have to say I love the cut of your jib!
You are hardcore with a set of steel balls!
bro, where you trying to transfer to?
Who else smells a Game 7 in this series?
But I'm out 
Heading to tonight for my gig with Big D Livemusic nocover 7:00pm
Karaoke time beeyotch!
;D
I see rockin the cornrows now.
Actually looks pretty good.
o child.
Exactly one week away from our first regular season game!!
It may feel like my world is falling apart but I know this is just bump in the road.
I can get through this and I know I'm not alone :
Comedy just pokes at problems, rarely confronts them squarely
Just discovered we share birth dates, not just birthdays.
But we do share a birthday with Clint.
A Student in school that rises above BULLYING goes above and beyond to Not be a ByStander!
It does have a certain ring to itthink how awesome txla13 will be when you are totally prepared for brainmelting awesomeness!
Reasonable?
Check the GREAT Dean Dass show at Second Street Gallery.
Big Sean is going to be the principle of a detroit high school for a day...
I just wtf'd and smh'd
RT: Everyone keeps asking me where Peyton's going.
Today I say San Fransisco but that could change 15 minutes from now.
Get your masks ready for the biggest Mystique Masquerade Ball on Saturday Oct 15TH at SocietyClub Portland.
WrongSongsToPlayInPrison ANYTHING BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR!!
:D xDD
I'm bringing it to you to open duh!!
His fastball has no movement, good hitters sit on it after wading through his dirtball slider.
You can't stop LA, you can only hope to contain them!
This playoff run is absolutely amazing, can they be beat?!
I Jus saw a man in a doctorss  he 9months prego!!!
Remen: When were based on fear, human energy becomes stagnant.
We circle the wagons.
Obama reminds us we are better.
We are larger.
Amazing!
RT : If I ever got in a fistfight and John Williams was there to score it, I would win.
These Gummy Bears Are Fire ...
GOTTA LOVE THE GUMMIES
Check out our new website layout...saaweet!
Pens should trade Crosby, Malkin, and Staal for a 32oz bottle of Red Devil cayenne pepper sauce.
: ItSeemsLike I'm more of an option than a priority.
You either choose me or lose me.
:' 3
Things are humming along smoothly now, congrats on the launch!
/cc
Thanks to for the JK Brewing Oatmeal Stout last night.
Tasty despite warnings of plasticy overtones.
Due to the anticipated ice storm, tonight's Design Conversation has been rescheduled to next Tue, Feb 8 at 6:00 at the Windup Space.
goign to host a french exchange student:
Oh, yay!
Congrats!
Fix some tacos, and have plenty of MARGARITA'S!!
Have a grea day!
:
ThingsIwoulddotoAnnismom Set up her tent when we go camping so she doesn't get eaten by mosquitos.
Thanks!
So glad you liked it.
I can't even handle this!!!!
About to workout
10 Twitter Tips: no one likes 3
What!
Did you mean SC2?
I doctorp two hours on it at least twice a week.
Love it!
for sure man, the weekend before and after April 22nd!!!
i thought it was decided that companies are people ;
/cont And once verified LISTENing, then troubleshoot the connection from ws connector to the port
damn dats a little too saggy
Do you walk in the annual Komen race for the cure in atlanta.
then, walk your fingers over the keyboard and email
is your phone alive yet?
ok ok I'll give you a hint!
We are going to make a 50' steel tanker look like a clear water bottle.
so much for coming to see me this afternoon.
Thanks man
Leaving for ala2009 at 5AM tomorrow morning.
Wasn't I supposed to have already gotten my badge?
Ack!
pretty little liars!
33
OK, so yeah, I totally expected all this ice to melt.
Happy fall y'all.
Tonight we're kicking off a year of volunteering, programs  fundoctorising for the Bet Tzedek New Leadership Council.
For some people, Friday is just a day before the weekend
Thank you for prayers dear friend, thankful back held up well long doctorve.
Really looking forward to spending day w/ dad.
Got to meet the Author of The Creature from Jekyll Island and I got it signed!!
Awesome experience,
Beautiful photo, beautiful family.
Congratulations!!
They all need to be public sheets and if they are using Apps for Edu accounts, things get hairy
Hey, check yer emails :
In Search Of Sunrise 7 one of my favorite albums!!!!
ridiculous that they took the Anaheim off the Angels name!!!!
That's where they play!
Time for some birthday/Cinco de Mayo shenanigans with !
Reed festival opens with a salute to veterans  Marshalltown Times Republican
I'm just to afraid of failure.
The Mavs are a superior team but they play like underdogs; they're surprised to have the lead
Excited to welcome my cousin's son and my godson Cameron into the world today!
Can't wait to meet him.
RIP Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes at 93.
No, LOL, my son is!!
So, SO excited for my first Points East experience.
Expectations are sky high.
Colorado is the place to be for summer2012 .
Just sayin':
I think I saw it's 3.75 from the airport and has a convention center stop.
And please keep posting to the facebook pages of the military bases near you.
It's really working!
Text 101861 to PEPSI
Damn theres some freaks on twitter!
Can we understand peertopeer lending as a quest for social justice?
You mad?
Not kidding: I kissed the ground when I landed at CRW.
.: either fly jets between CRW  IAD or just don't bother.
How do you do it?????
Teach me on here lol
Sorry you were unable to get tickets in a price point you wanted.
Give our secondary market Flash Seats a try!
What an awful day.
Our cat, Ollie, was hit by a car and broke his pelvis.
He's at the vet, and now we've got to decide what to do.
Would I like a pamphlet?
Brochure I would!!
Huge thank you to the doctorHackett team for their continued care of our athletes!
nonsense yes, Satan
Just 1 more issue they'll have to fight about I suppose.
AGvHT should make for an interesting ConCon this weekend.
To say 4 blocks  victory is ridiculous.
To say UK will win b/c they are better team is horrible analysis
im following now D
Minnesota is not known for anime conventions.
Sunshine makes me happy, but in Poland at this time of year, is far from that!
I'm not jealous, I just do not want to share
RT : thanks for following..
will come check ya'll out when i'm in miami
cheaa i got those
And more John!
doctor John Watson  doctor, blogger, vet, and Sherlock's livein PA/doormat.
SherlockPBS LG
Caution.
Handle w/care.
I'm hot.
McDonald's coffee cups really do speak to me
So many people here from console combat.
c; and when she's on top of me she's kinky ;
Changed my internet plan with Now it disconnects me every two minutes.
Wow!
Do I still have to pay for this?..
society to combat it.
We can solve!
It not this monster that cant b...
no, im sounding like a normal person.
yep...
extremely..
Im jumping for joy over here...
lol
CEO, started off with cofounder by buying from Bloomingdales  testing idea in 3 trunk shows.
Test  iterate!
95 hours, give or take, until toes the starting line at ragnarcape.
Can't decide if I'm more excited or terrified.
Still mad man....smh.
If you push me away, I'm not fucking coming back.
Hahaha, i love your family:
Happy Birthday to my bro, right hand,MY BESTFRIEND.....
Been here since day one, had our ups and downs but at the end of the day he's LOYAL
no outs in the 1st
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything.
They just cry over their condition.
But when they get angry, they bring about a change
Quote: A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Max Lucado
: IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT meets YOU'VE GOT MAIL.
yaayy!
I'm glad you like it!
:
RAW btwn Punk and Jericho bestintheworld has to be Punk.
He is WAY BETTER on the mic than jericho.
And that's the truth.
I Love, That You Love, What I Love !:
lol you really don't know my life!
If I were to tell you some stuff you'd laugh!
I'm gonna have to learn a lot today at work.
Idk if my brain can handle it.
Please please please send good vibes/prayers my way.
My best friend is in the hospital again :
In SF Bay Area for 2 weeks.
Looking for FT positionProducts, IT, Healthcare.
Enjoying the CA weather!
What a heart breaker!
Hottest PDX home values?
LUXURY!
...looking for your doctoram home?
It's come within reach...www.jenniferbolenpdx.com
You know, just living the doctoram !
The wise adapt themselves to circumstances as water molds itself to the pitcher.
Chinese proverb
be sure to remind my wife of that when I show up with it :
WHY YOU AINT BEEN HELPING ME UPDATE THIS PAGE WITH THE
it's hard not to think of her when covering the issue.
no no, I was just laying there..
You didnt even miss me enough to check :
It was truly delightful to talk to you, Charlie; I'm so glad you were there!
Keep that Cubs' game in mind.
:
A lot of things brewing over here at BC headquarters...oh, wait.
That's my electric kettle.
Tea time!
Maghreb Mint.
Yumm!
Hello KITTY  CHEETA PRINT WHAT REALITY STAR ALWAYS FIND HIS OR HER WAY WEARING THOSE TWO TOGETHER?
I like it when you text me back right away 3
I want to personally thank, Mike Carlin of Country Gold Network for playing my song, No Beer Here!
Check it out www.countrygoldnetwork.com
woo!!
Big congrats to you, way to go!
I dont know what I'd do if they lost lol
Chips  Salsa with Apples  PeanutButter ??
WeirdLunch 
Eric Bledsoe is on fire
lol love it!
Never tried that just Xanax.
: I agree, what happened?
my mom just made me sing it wasnt so bad i guess.
Got the day off from work to go to snow days at the Jake!
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Day 8: Aurelia Williams hit a high A at 10 am, so I'm trying to figure out how to sabotage her.
Not really.
But...
supermoon in full effect despite clouds.
I'm , Spil, Real Jaguar  Maduro  Neon Indian
RT : : Red Line: Expect delays to Glenmont due to a disabled train at Van Ness.
Farragut is a nightmare!
// Heads up.
Good Morning  Happy May 1st!
dinosaurprom is awesome!!!!
Love the rain.
I do 33 thats slot per month!
Timothy Bradley is a nowin fight for Pacman.
Dangerous, hungry, skilled opponent with zero name recognition.
Disavowal!
The author of that piece is in the humanities the way Naperville is in Chicago.
Still totes racist, though.
disappointing loss :/
Did you know?
Rose champagne pairs with almost everything!
I'm so shocked.
Yeah,right.
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Supreme Court Blocks Judges Redistricting Plan in Texas Case; Likely to Help GOP
My doctoram!
I can geaux tiger it up as hard as I want.
I am supposed to be in bed, but as you see I am not.
Still workin
Who knew Jackson was offering such a great Zumba class?
Thank goodness for the gym I able to clear out some of the cob webs.
Thanks!
I don't think my iPhone did it justice.
:
beyond!
the best!
so proud!
i follow you if you follow 3
I Wish I Had A Dollar For Every DARE  Bob Marley Shirt I Saw Today
thatawkwardmoment where a guy complains about being single but he could have had you.
RT guacamole was delicious last night.
this event wouldn't be complete w/o a pic of you with a hat, cowboy boots, and a lasso ;
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Madison Kerr for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
Tomthx for adding me to your list!
Working on a China healthcare reform  impact on Western Rx report now.
Toddler, inhaling chilli on the stove, My nose is spicy.
Thank you for listening, now lets get the lead with the top of the order next inning!!!
No, but no one else sends me autoshow snapshots of Pam Anderson.
columbus has got to be the best place to salsa dance in the Midwest!
I mean ...look at these great dancers!
La Fogata is packed tonight!
Ok I hope my home town is paying attention!
If Newt Gingrich, is in New Bern I hope someone is paying attentionWAKEUP!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the RT.
Looking forward to the arrival of my copy.
Thank you subway trains by allowing me to gage my level of creepiness by how long the seat next to me stays vacant
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Spiders work at nights and weekends more.
New Content needs to be up during nights and weekends.
says
reunited and it feels so good
Highlands lightning alarm sounds more like an invasion alarm.
Penetrate deep, destroy from within.
I'm not holding my breath for the day when newspapers ask copy editors to report.
So freaking jealous Shawty hate sharing me as a friend but I wouldn't trade our friendship for ANYTHING in this world!
more than 20 hours on the way from Moscow to TX...while the rest of the world enjoyed the w/end.
:
Hey guys, have a killer show!
Why should you never iron a 4leaf clover?
Youdon't want to press your luck.
Keep rockin'!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
;
I don't paint things.
I only paint the difference between things.
Henri Matisse Good Night!
Its takes more energy to be angry and hold a grudge.
Than it is to just be cordial and cautious.
I'm going to abide by this forever.
I yelled captainin eo and and I left the bar hm might be called alot this weekend
Yeah, how did this happen??
what's your fav thing about San Fran?
i like donating it makes me feel good inside o nd also helping others :D be kind, be curageous :D help others in need o nd stop bullying :D
You should apply!
hell yeah bruh it's a 40 pt lead
There's the Crosby sucks cheer...
Good evening!
I agree she is gorgeous and always looks fab!
Very happy to have an official princess among TeamTallGirls ;
Slaves are humans.
Thats a fact.
So if you talk about slaves yourre talking about humans.
Talk correctly.
If you made it sound as fun  exciting as he did when he described it, I bet you could persuade a few unsavory people to play
UNLV....and i thought they were talkin about that old group...
Sometimes turning the volume off works wonders ;
Hey Keke Palmer Follow us !!!!!
Tennessee is sounding better everyday : thinking about
no!.
Haha I'm gonna go to my fraternitys formal and stay for a couple days.
And then I'll be in Chicago like the next week.
ireallywant to find my soulmate.
Someone who understands me and be patient with me.
Does this mean I have my first investor?!
Might I recommend the Turkey Tom.
RT : Today might be a Jimmy Johns day...
In some ways.
I really liked Swoon.
This one doesn't have quite the power it did.
Lyrically Neck of the Woods is far better though
All great changes are preceded by chaos.
Deepak Chopra
: I'm going to create a Google Wave to showcase the process of uploading my tunes into Google Music, then share it on Buzz
Watching 'Branded to Kill' for the first time.
This movie is kinda insane...and, I kinda love it...
are you still performing march 23rd ?
Dear Boy who sits across me in class, come talk to me.
I want you.
:
Just use lots of tape homegirl
OH MY WORD!
So fluffy!
what a CUTIE!
:
trying to aggressively add followers as part of SWMadison a 3day startup event.
acct got suspended.
can exceptions be made?
Runing running running
No, Facebook, I really have no wish to be friends with my estranged grandmother.
I've walked away from that nest of nasty doctorma weasels.
headquarters in Miramar FL, getting ready for a full day professorssional Devo.
please follow me
Also very kind RT: Friends for
3 your website and had a fab idea!
Just emailed you.
3 from the Bay!
: She's a little scared to get close to anyone because everyone that said I'll always be here for you ..left.
this is me!!
plese reply bella, u mean so much it would mean the world to me dont forget to check your messages thank you LUV YOU :
I can understand people doctornk writing on Facebook at night, but before 12 pm?
Damn you get the party started early writing that crazy shit
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
LuckyLeprechaun FREE 5 mall gift card on our facebook page!
We specializes in Marketing Solutions.
Crafting your Corporate Identity with Websites, Logos, Flyers, Brochures, Business Cards and much muc
Matt Flynn...and I assume your kidding about T.
Jackson?
Juss got My Hair Finally Done ...
doctorving through this side of town brings back so many memories
Good lord...
Oh GOD just tweeted my homegirl!
RT : giggle blush Nuthin' RT : What up girl?
So freaking sick!
I can't even breathe!
Best of luck to you although I would have liked to see you as a Wildcat.
I've made peace with my fear of bees.
Sweet.
twitter is way better than facebook
ManLaw...
If a juice you doctornk changes the color of your TONGUE....STOP doctornking it.
Colored tongues is just for women.
It came at a fine time.
It just would have been better off as full time PC game.
Console players couldn't adapt to it.
I'm so happy about the way the acrylic coating turned out.
I don't want to use toxic varnishes on my paintings.
I love and miss you so much!
3
Now that The Stranger is gone, Rocky is content to cuddle and whine about The Noisy Sky instead of hiss at the air.
Happy travels to everyone heading back to VA from the AAM conference
CANSPAM Tip 4: match the subject line with the content.
Don't bait  switch with a comeon subject then deliver something different
Just tuning into NYY/TB, feels so good!
No spoilers questfor28 etc
we have a show this Friday at the Western Front  wanna be our guest of honor?
no prob n wish i had ya number
Hallleluuuuu!
RT : I think Joshua Ledet just caught the holy ghost.
Waiting for him to speak in tongues.
what's the hardest part of life on the road?
It's beneficial to them to hire you.
It shows they support stimulating the job market!
Shawn michaels the icon!!!!!!
Beginning revisions on my Goldilocks retelling today.
Good news: the doctorft doesn't suck as much as I'd thought!
am writing
Now it's time to sit back and watch karma do it's work.
Word man..
we can get up or you can just email me...
RT Cool.
Got some new heat for you too RT : May 26
What Are Parents?
I Have Only One
thank you for following me :'D 3
Holy update!
Instapaper 4 from is beautiful  thank you.
I'm madly in love with an iOS app and it feels good.
Fox orders 39;The Voice39;like show
Yup, sure did.
I'll see what I can do.
3
Excellent discussion at CASC 2012 mtg from Dave Lambert of Internet2 about how to encourage innovation on our campuses
now this is the Justin I know.
Full of voices and faces and expressions.
still don't know how that happened, but fortunate she is alive ...
we have a man on the ground in New Pekin
reverse jinx kid
Kudos on the video explaining Pinterest!
Thanks to new followers !,,, ,,,,
Can I get a follow back?
Walker's numbers look stable between and Wonder if they'll stay that way after making up job numbers?
ikr?
Cross ur fingers and hope he has a bond
Pete, not specifically about Valverde, but we have reached out to mister Turner in the past.
TEXAS INDEPENDENCE DAY PARADE 2010 today 9:30am on Congress Ave.
Bridge, hope to see you there!
We'll have live coverage, just stay tuned to our Twitter with NMDD on 5/19  check out our FB page!
I'm looking for Christian/Church innovators.
Looking for the people who are on the on the fringes of conventional methods.
Who are they?
Should I expect something back...?
is my doppelganger.
Slept for a solid 12 hours last night.
It was a, well, busy week.
And it's not slowing down 'til Christmas!
Good thing I love my job.
makes sense
Thanks!
The Evil's Gate.
Horror short film.
:
Beautiful day in the ABQ.
What's on your schedule this weekend?
The knicks stink,rudy gay got to go ham
Twice bt now i really mean it if i say it now kuz a nigga out of school for the semester
I wish I remembered to get a pickle at work.
They smelled so good /3
If you were still at , what would you be doing tonight?
Thanks for the follow!
Troy has really enjoyed working with your son!!
Please let me know if we can do anything for you!
turkey bacon eww!!
ya water so deep it feel like I cant get out!
Finally turned my senior writing project in!
ohmy god.
i wish i lived near minnisota now : how much are you selling them for?
or wearing a speedo in 55 degree weather.
paid 95 dollars for this weave, plus tax.
POW
MTV.
Hosted by Rob Dyrdek.
Funny stuff.
Had a whole section with pogo sticks last night.
And an attack llama.
Not seeing much activity from MHCCIM, they all must be cooped up shooting product!
Lol!
Have fun ladies!!!
I need to go to the gym and tan.
Wolfram can also tell you who to love and what to wear.
you are truly living the doctoram.
And by far one of the best at what you do.
lol sounds interesting :p
Off to AC for debauchary with the ladies
thanks, Caroline.
where's my coffee at I live down the road lol
No sir, inserting a usb in your laptop doesn't enable you to print.
You must use a public computer to print.
And that, dear friends, is why I don't watch football.
Too early for beer?
only the cool cats, like me..
Mail order brides...
Good or bad idea??
The jury is still out.
loved your polyamory video!
Been exploring that idea recently and your video is great.
Kaliya speaks on ins and outs of our socially constructed identitiesonline and off.
She's Canadianpapers please!
10,000 is the number commonly given.
But I thought the link was pretty interesting.
my whole timeline.
Sorry Joshua.
WHY IS THAT PERSONS NAME TOYOTA
Hope everyone has safe travels and a great Thanksgiving!
Watching Albert Brooks on Letterman.
Gotta read the new book.
Good 4 u...I am so in agreement with LOvin my Gray...lolo
thank u 3  yea just keep telling them!
maybe they will listen P
From : 5 rookie position players  Ackley, Carp, Wells, Robinson, Seager  hitting .294.
Welcome to Seattle, fellas.
Are you missing the good old days?
That's nostalgia!
A Voice teacher should be creative person who design a plan to bring your voice to the best possible sound.
ARE YOU HYPOTHYROID OR DO YOU REALLY HAVE HASHIMOTOS DISEASE?
By doctor Marianne Beck
great and had a fun time at disney world from friday to Friday
Great bike ride at Cedar Creek Park with this morning.
Now off to an afternoon at the spa!
we are doing good!!
Mom and Dad are on vacation and our Uncle Joe is watching us for the week.
How are things going for you?
Thanks for the recommendation Caitlin.
Glad to hear you enjoyed the Cottage!
Nobody wanna see us together but it don't matter noo.
RT : Just heard about all the Mets hitters using Beastie Boys songs for their walkup music tonight.
Very cool gesture.
headphones in!!!!
What have we learned: communication and transparency is paramount!
lies I am sending you one now :
L.L Cool J...you are kind of growing on me tonight.
You and that crush velvet jacket of yours...
God take my hands and use them for your glory, use me tonight and humble me!
HEi
There's something spectacular about Tron: Legacy Soundtrack while playing World of Warcraft.
Mike Curtis will be attending Duke's Homecoming this weekend, GO DUKE!
Baby you should let me love you, Let me be the one to, give you everything you want and need 
OK folks, Jim Nabors isn't going to live 4ever.
Eventually, we're going to need a replacement.
I guess u could go w his video in perpetuity.
LennyDykstra called...
He said he coulda scored from prison on that one.
3 overtime NHL playoff games today.
GREAT day.
RT : Oh playoff hockey, you're the best.
Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Night is upon us!!
Time to get relaxed and watch the fun!!
when I yell out random stuff like that !
I'm pretty sure I've made lasagna at 11pm already...
I'm in California, you?
chillin with my sister brittney who wanna chill with her hit her up if u wanna chill with her
So far this day is going great!
I've got my adoctornaline pumping.
:
on my way now.
Wish you were coming!
FLOOR SEATS!
Tower of Terror shit ride...
RT and friends recommend Yapta.com to save money on plane tickets.
Life is a song.
Love is the music
Well its been real miami...headed back to the ville for the summer tho
texting , love this girl 3 c:
In key west there r chickens everywhere, many crossing the roads 4 no apparent reason, go figure
Not often, but every time I do have to fax something it costs me 10!!!
been much in touch..i've been dealing with alot...your gigs and the album trackswe have heard were both AMAZING, WONDERFUL.
Revenge what a great show 
thank you as alwats and you are such a strong, awesome, hardworking lady for crochet and juat in general.
I mean that!
FALLOW TAYLOR LAUTNER SO HE CAN REACH 160k!!!!
YOU CAN MAKE THIS HAPPEN PEOPLE!!
Man we had a rough day today on day one but we improvised and got a hell of a shot.
Lookin through them now and I'm KnoDat we gone do it
Fun!
How did it go with the heels?
Chad thinks he's a ghost.
Oh dear.
i wanna try and be a part of it :
Fuck !!!!
Bible some people should not own pets !!!
goin for the sweep tmister, good win brewers!
I miss you guys :
Back in Belltown...
the anxiety has subsided.
Interesting: The data removed by the ODbL openstreetmap license change  about 3 weeks of normal OSM edits.
When somebody says 10 years ago I think about the 90's instead of 2002.
Culture eats strategy for breakfast everyday  Rick Luce
why is Steve Carrells head the same size as everybody else on the Yahoo movies website?
HA!
i love how 5 minute later you post something 50 people retweet them or favorite them XD
I wish it wasnt so dang slow too.
thinking about moving it.
how do I get one??
Or better yet, a signed version!
People can make jokes about fans walking onto the court/field but its not a laughing matter.
You never know someone's intentions.
Buca di Beppo leftovers taste better from my microwave than they did in the restaurant.
That's just wrong...
What's on your must attend list for today at sxsw?
we hope u find our details 2 be accurate!
Something wrong?
Flag the HH right there on the app and we'll look into it 4 u!
Great wins by my teams yesterday!
Also got some work in this morning, overall a good day so far!
are you playing?
Stock market: CNBC's Fast Money analysts proclaimed agriculture stocks have come too far, too fast and a pullback is likely in POT and MOS.
Only 2 days left until Nat'l Adm.
Assistants Day!
Show your appreciation with a gift certificate from Culinary Connectors.
I hate directed study.
Thank You :
As to Time's integrity, it would be better to ask those who still work there if that's been long lost.
: This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233.
Hosted by latice
Still laughing at how fun this chicken commercial was I just auditioned for with friend Asa Holley!
Hope we book together!!
wtf is that, and can we include it in the pub crawl?
//cc:
The person you think has the least amount of influence for your startup will always bring the biggest lead.
Don't discount anybody.
Please please please can I have Gotye930 tix?
No shy Ronnie on last night's SNL.
Very disappointed.
Eli was great, though.
Anyone in the Rochester area have any experience with Expert Care lawn/landscape services?
Stay positive.
:
Now THAT is a man with a plan.
RT: Brewers, Easter, and cheese
Here she go again.
I can't deal.
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service;
Hm my tl seems to be incredibly lacking in doctornk tweets.
Can someone go wake up please????
tell me about it but Sunday was the best part of my weekend
Gutsy call on 30 green light for Wieters.
I like it!
Just had a nowiper, the 'swish' of poops.
This is going to be a great evening.
Please dont stop loving me the Way You do.
69 months is what they recommend but I guess it just depends on how it heals.:P Hopefully sooner rather than later lol
They adjusted some of the newer content, fixed a few JA recast times and added a few new items.
Good patch overall.
But what the hell do I know?
Honestly, though, I can't fart unless I'm lying on my stomach.
I am sans large intestine.
So it wasn't really me!
;
Oh my!
I'm called back with 8, 9,  10 year olds..
BTW, not dissatisfied with SquareUp; just planning to explore slightly less in fees
I'm suspended
Atlanta Airport.
Can't help but think of: zombies, heat, race and class, obesity, smoking, and airplanes.
She got hit in the head with a shot put ball and has a gash and is being rushed to the E.R.
please pray3
doctorwing for Free Solar backpack will be held May 18th  the Green Detroit Festival..Be there....www.greendetroitfest.com
only that we were awful to the Spanish people!
We have few redeeming qualities as Americans.
:/
You can be a freak ' still be a virgin !
Living proof :
We are all born ignorant, but some people work real hard to remain stupid.
When you are high as shit and i can barely get what your saying , don't I.M me on fb , Lol
Tonight was amazing, major props!!
Especially Dispensary Girl and Two Wheels ..
I hate that I didn't get to meet you tho!
TruthIs I balled today when I got home from track.
Kyla Pratt ...
I do not like yu that much but i like how yu act..
awww, thanks.
kinda all over the place but tonight should be better
solar flares?
Everything's blamed on those.
Way to go Broncos!
RT Can't decide wether I want a blackberry or an iPhone...hhhmmm??
This one is a toughy Andoctorid
I don't go around here thinking I'm better than everybody else!
So what's your problem?
Can i get your love
If there really is a war on women, that makeup sex is gonna be Awesome!
yup!
Details are up the site!
Same week we were in Miami last year!
Turns out the Wagners did the baptisms for me.
If he is healthy enough.
They're limited at the PG position now, Bibby and Douglas is all you have now.
want to combine class/some flamenco/some jazz/ some world mus.
rhythms learn tech while improving musicianship: flexibility and creativity
christianmingle dot com is the place to go to find them holy freaks.
You dont even have to say get on your knees to them...better get on it!
many think lol  lots of love
you failed again.
Thanks for sharing the article!
it was a tremendous boost during an ongoing and difficult part of life.
follow back?
:D
Thank you for the retweet!
Julene
young palestinian teens forced forced to leave school to work in the settlements fields.
Make some wheat toast, then add chunks of tuna, shredded cheese then microwave and add some pickles.
Enjoy with an iced tea and lemon slice.
Looks like we both did the Pac Life building in Santa Ana!
Thx 4 following.
2012 let's find some new work!
What would happen if every guy only went after the girls with names in the song freak a leak?
Hear hear!
Cant ever go wrong with some Jack Johnson!!
Ahh.
I really like Garrison after showing an offensive side to his game this year.
Like Kulikov all around.
too.
Didn't study for this ap test!
Thanks so much for following :
At GA aquarium enjoying a plate of fish
THERE'S A HUGE MOTHERFUCKING BUG IN MY ROOM WTF
My old levi jeans fit again!
lmao
At working looking at the time these people omg ghetto come on 4:30
I heard that minorities make up 50 of the USA that's good it's time for change Obama 2012 four more years
Had a crisp  lovely morning full of library gossip, playtime, and a sunny walk in the park with a puppy.
SAVE THE DATE: YearofBoulevard Community Cleanup Sat May 19, 9a12p.
Meet up: Fort Street UMC parking lot 562 Boulevard NE 30308.
Not now doesn't mean not ever.
Majora Carter.
wow, how pathetic
Good job, brain.
API whiteboarded.
Let's OmniGraffle it for full effect.
WhitneyHouston Pandora.....throwback to old school car rides into NYC as a little kid....
I like that she did it her way and didn't try to do what Steven did.
Hey sassy!
Thanks for following....
I tasted one of my hard boiled eggs and damn it was yummy.
Packed the other four for work.
Working a double tomorrow.
LS 1426 would like to take this out to say Happy Mother's Day.
Thanks for your strength and knowledge that you have pass on to us.
it's 9 o'clock on a saturday...
time for a
they are definitly making newsies my wifes relative is in it and wants to go

thanks for the mention!
it's not an easy thing to bring up, but thank you for understanding!
Englewood, NJ education is in dire need of help.
Getting to the office in the 5am hour  good.
My commute only taking 23minutes  epic.
GTD this Wednesday morning.
Just arrived at ISA2012.
Time to build the booth.
recording some stuff on sunday!
Got in a good day's advocacy against MTR today at the First Parish Church here in Cambridge.
Many thanks to .
for making it happen!
our assistant astutely pointed out that it's 'Old Songs' not 'Sad Songs' he insisted that I point out my blunder.
: I know Austin's starting to feel like home because I miss it when I'm gone.
no!
Come back to the D!!
i've been waiting all season for your episode on punkd 3 3
: : Because you are usually right!
new avi great avi thanks!
what type of ?
Lol die hard lakers fan over here
I love you RT : STOP DOING THE WAVE, ASSHOLES.
We just tapped Stillwater Cellar Door!!!
Come get some!
thank you!
:
not too worried about it
we're really bad at twitter...
But we're in Lexington Thursday with our friends!
Come have a beer and kisses
oh yeah i'm single ..
Would you like to contribute some articles on social media?
That, and they also missed what happened later in Argentina and Iceland.
Both defaulted, devalued, and returned quickly to growth.
Final doctorft for the book report is due tomorrow I FORGOT
Mom's Day is Sunday!
Send her a dozen roses or 20 tulips from for 19.95.
Seriously people, you should be listening RT : Connie Chung is one serious good sport.
Ep 11 of is out now!
Starting the day off at the candy company!
Please stop me before I spend all my money....
:X
Hope you're having a great day La Salita Nation!!!
Today, July 31  5 PM  Question Reality hosted by Priscilla Leona  1960's Pirate Radio DJ, Larry Steinman  GO: latalkradio.com  Ch.
1
Echoes a lot of my thoughts, too.
Thank you!
: Ready to for 7 on 7 Monday
I guess being in a band obligates one to use twitter...still don't see the appeal, but here I am hahaha...
FUCK YOU OBAMA, U PROMISED TO BRING OUR TROOPS HOME AND DIDNT...YOU DONT KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE TO BE AWAY FROM YOUR CHILdoctorM FOR THIS LONG
I was that baby that cried all the time.
hahahaha ya so true
Changing Baltimore from The Wire to wireless yes!
Go Spurs Go!!!
magic it only a allushion
judy  johnny just walked through the door
Louisiana Circumstance College Tigers Football Gamers Ingested in ...
Last night was quite epic.
How epic, you ask?....
At the pool wit my niece bri n my son skyi they a trip they sucker me everytime lol they re so cute cant say no
okay I did NOT give them permission to do that!
J
Talking to a friend who manages a business.
He said he asks for Facebook passwords before hiring.
I've read about this.
Getting more common?
I love winter weather in the spring!!
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com www.wallstreetnewscast.com/professorle/stemcellgenenano.html
Norfolk State
nowplaying Peace Train, Cat Stevens
GetReady...BIG THINGS ARE COMING...
: It's available after the show, be patient we're almost there!
.
Thank you
cause you can get free stuff : lol and I recently became a site model and umm could use a jump start think you could help meh?
Calling all Chicago fitness enthusiasts!
Rogers Park bootcamp sessions starting soon  email for details!
:0
I'm starving.
so excited for movie night tomorrow 3
We are some lucky mofo's sometimes
Fund for OK family hit by tornado, this is tough.
15 mo old son died, one son is missing, pregnant mom and daughter are in surgery today.
Only 5 shopping days left!!!
Hit LIKE if you're already DONE!
Hit Share if you want to remind your friends to get you something!
Between This movie and the topic of these text messages  bad enough this movie has me feeling some type of way
hello Kent.
Have a fine day.
man.
Germond and Whitcover, a Balt Sun classic!
good call
Dear girls,Wanna see someone pretty?
Look in a magazine.
Wanna see someone beautiful?
Look in the mirror.
OpenEdition is proposing a model for free access to content in HTML with paid access to downloadable content in PDF or ePUB
HI Paul, thanks 4 following me.
Let discuss oppritunites for us to collaborate  Tony
don't be mean to pokey !
Will do :
Show me that smile again..
One casualty so far today is the illusion that everything is OK the way it is.
Rep.
Paul Ryan enters GOP convention to the song The Boys Are Back in Town.
Last Chance to come Grab George Clinton on Strain of the day!!!
Super head Sativa with a sweet skunky flavor!!!
A bird pooped on me today.
Jamie used his jacket to get it out of my hair.
He thought it was funny.
I did not.
hey good luck today bud!
Cathartic weeding of garden.

bashir think he funny.
The Octopus of Antwerp and Other Cold War Maps: Critical Cartographies I
lmao not even the job yet :P
you are about 1 mile from me right now.
Hehe
Heyoh!
If you could please follow  DM us any additional details so we can look into this further for you.
CH
This is the most phenomenal tweet I have ever seen.
Love, Love, LOVE your video.
Creative.
Supercute.
Great example of how to use social media for fundoctorising  advocacy!
My teenage son may crash my car, but I'll still love him.
Kinda like that w Farm Bill.
Mark Muller
I don't want no parts of what's goin on outside.
Miss me.
No prob....
just get with me so I can get them from you before our next event on Memorial Day...
Let's make it happen...
I LOVE YOU.
THAT'S RIGHT, YOU!
i need chu right now are u down to listen to me 2 many doctornks have been givin 2 me
tonight at 60 thompson hotel's thom bar is going to be sexy.
yes, I've been checking in all day.
Not sharing on twitter.
happy to have you!
Nah, it's just there's been trouble crop up with our house buying/selling.
I try to keep a high ground w/ my public complaining.
Uhh, heading to school today, i really dont wanna :/
Thank you, doctor Adam Winsler, for joining us at our Board Meeting this morning.
You provided all of us with some very valuable information!
You rock!
Saw your premieres this eveining and you are wonderful!
yeah...
I just learner all of there full names
January Friday the 13th 2012 cryptic ninja records return to the stage undefeated sports bar the only details so far toxic ty and krazy k
3rd strike on deck
yes it is.
Documentary or fiction
Lol no worries.
It's dope.
OH!!
:P Feel better!!
Western Sydney cares about global warming.
Rising sea levels bring the boats closer.
nice, I've been looking too because they refuse to issue me my librarian card until I get a pair
You're my boy Blue!
: do you think KFC is still open?
lol
PrimaySchoolMemories when nobody's mom, grandma, or greatgrandpa had a Facebook.
tell Eddie I need a shoutout!
Valentine's Day in Chicago!
Win dinner for 2 at BOKA, stay at the details...
http:/fb.com/UrbanTurfChicago
love Joyce!
So sorry to hear it :
I resisted the urge to buy the new iPad.
We've got our tickets for the megamillions lotto.
How about you?
I took care of it
Congrats to model  actress on making a good impression at grownups2 casting
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy meet their expectations of you
Times r pretty hard, fucked a couple broads, pulled some purple out the jar
I wish he didn't trust me so much/I think you really trust me too muchBOBBY WOMACK
WOOHOO!!!!
Also we need to convince my lightner to have another get together so we can actually go!
followfriday Inhouse deal hunters part 2:
Thank you for following !
Look forward to sharing!
Life is variable.
Plautus
At the party for
they spelled organisations with a S!
Also, are you still stateside?
I owe you a farewell beer.
Reading applications: If you cannot be bothered to use punctuation  spell check, I cannot be bothered to read your resume.
Thanks for the FF love!
Life's too short to even care at all...
Agree?
Omg not cool...
I will flip a million times haha too many damn air heads
The Heat CEO's DJs taking over Yogies tonight
8 Padoctors in a row strike out and 7 of those SO were on balls OUT OF THE ZONE
you might be interested in our iPad typing trainer app to hone your typing skills before your meeting.
oh you cute nonTexan.
A Kolache is actually a German pastry stuffed with meat  cheese that some Houstonians eat daily.
I've got to the point in life where it's no longer, If it's too loud, you're too old.
I'm at, If it's too quiet, then you're too young.
you have beautiful eyes
Thinking about leaving Chicago for good!
follow me on twitter
I am too excited!
I thought I wouldn't be able to see you for another week, and I get to see you in about one day!
:
yup yup yup!!!!
Not following or disagree?
January Jones gets a lot of flack for her portrayal but im always defending it.
show live Culver City ur host Magic Mike new title Keeping it positive luv tmz n doctorma
THIS IS OUR 100TH TWEET!!!
WHOO HOOO!!!!
To celebrate, we're giving away signed copies of HARRY POTTER!
Rex Ryan, Santonio Holmes NYJ Cutler Suh and All things no green and gold
Who's on ASW?
I LOVE THIS TEAM, LOVE U GUYS 3
Can you follow me ?
:
and Watson.
Omer is RFA; if we amnesty Boozer, that takes us down to about 63 million; only way to get cap room ...
Oh yeah!
Me and tiana are going to fly our kites tomorrow !:D
Really, the boozedup crowd at the event is pretty funny, for now.
Prep Soccer Playoffs: East Coweta blanks Colquitt  Newnan TimesHerald

I like the way Voice Over is leveraged for accessibility in the app!
Eat it UP, beat it UP.
:
RT : if gay marriage affects your straight marriage obviously your marriage is pretty shitty to begin with.
The Power of Protest Tactics: Just Do It
I see one sign in the lower crowd that's apparently fervently antidivorce too.
That's wonderful, though, bringing it to an audience.
I try to enjoy each part of the cycle and let it go at its own pace.
Great article in Cincinnati Magazine this month Geology is Destiny.
Intrigued?
Want more info?
Come on our May 12 bus tour!
Searching for people to follow on Twitter
Goals are not only absolutely necesary to motivate us.
They are essential to really keep us alive.
Robert H.
Schuller
Material possessions do not equate to class.
playing black ops and jammin to BVB...what a PERFECT way to end the night!
49 out of 50 states covered in snow!
Who wants to move to Florida ?!
Appreciate it.
I may be at different schools over the years, but Mobile and USA will ALWAYS be home.
If you had 1 book to suggest to read, what would it be?
Go Ravens!
Helped a turtle cross the road today.
So how does this karma shit work?
Should I buy a lottery ticket, or just try to fold a fitted sheet?
Four days after my motherinlaw left and I'm still eating like a king!
Mike is proud to be endorsed by Linda Derschang, Seattle's queen of clubs.
After watching bruce almighty I can't imagine gods voice being anyone else's but morgan freeman retweet if you agree
Kinesiology student at oxy learn from animated and interactive models of brain and heart from iPad apps
Hey, sorry for the late response, but that is a GREAT idea!
Thanks!
isn't it pretty?
PS: I didn't know you were in ATX!
We should meet up!
Gold pass status: no lines EVER blowing
RT : Never do anything that you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics.
hahah thanks for the advice!
Does bartab count?
LOL.
I don't have the right body parts to make clothes look slutty 
MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs All of them.
Social Media Queen RT : Wearing my new shirt from to the Open House!
you better take it back.
Don't hate on the hopeless cubs
WOOHOO!
Although, I've got 2 hours on you :
Maybe we can work something out with  I can offer you our hospitality.
Tu es bienvenue chez nous.
Compared to your eyes, nothing shines quite as bright.
3
Our once in a lifetime feature today is a lamb bolognese pasta with rigatoni and delicious garlic bread.
9 for this heavenly meal.
L game with the homies and Rudi!
Jessica's lines are busy!
I've still voted for her 62 times already
The feeling you get when you wake up in the morning and his arm is still around you3
Rule 381: If you dont' believe in yourself...find a few people who do.
Stop trusting yourself for awhile.
New Pics, website, and videos coming soon!
This is an exciting journey!
Time to move on asshole!
Kim Zolciak's music career was created by an evil earworm trickster demon in hell.
I promise not 2 b tardy.
Just get out of my head!
Take me home to the place I belong
Heyy Ivan just wanted to say Hi and hows life??3
Is it time to start the petition to stop Joe Buck from hijacking the starting lineups for the All Star Game?
Your kung fu no good here.
break a leg :
Bear down the doctorin.
nope you good
lmao I forgot the with RT:: Lmao : it's fun!
RT I love gym :
o.O?
i dont understand lol
will do!
May we doctorw nearer to the cross and love Jesus even more.
You know you are working on a campaign when you are asking if there is any coffee left at 7pm.
Looking forward to this!
im sorry i tho yu was somebody n mi entertainin group :000000.......?.
Ok how is it that I shoot baseball in the rain all day and I have a sunburn....smh
sports makes people silly, yes.
And happy.
And angry.
And a lot of things.
Probably why so many people watch.
Mike is creeping extra hard.
When your knee hurts like a bitch..
I like Trident because it makes me feel groovy
My hoodie straight out of the doctorer feels like heaven.
dam that what was fast
Thanks for the follow, Sarah!
Two years and twenty two days until I can move to california.
Thats half of what keeps me going, the other half is my friends who care a lot
inclusion is something you do not something you proclaim
According to the Weather Channel it's 35 degrees cooler in Chicago than Austin.
That's just crazy.
It's a debate?
Weather channel app where was my clairmont/upland tornado warning?!
and I were not expecting this on our roadtrip to Vegas!
Pueblo Harvest Cafe is creating a new daily madefromscratch redchile!
free samples w/ your meal to vote for your fav!...
A little ff shout out to for breaking down and getting Twitter.
Give me my dollar.
Our final Pinter Fortnightly before the Festival this summer.
Old Times will be read and we will celebrate the 26th Pinter Night at ACT!
This actually turns out to make it easy to weed out investors you don't see eye to eye with.
What's going on, man?
What the fuck is up with teachers calling parents the week before prom?
Dumb bitches.
I'm guessing this will be after one of our shows next weekend for Bass Jesus' 30th BDay!
I would be tweeting more during this game but I'm busy biting my nails
It's a pirates life for me
Birthday dinner at GranvilleCafe followed by ThinkLikeAMan!
Turning 40 is great so far!!
They only have budweiser here so I'm doctornking water.
AAVG good thing still to come.
Nice close today expecting more green tomorrow!!!
you don't wanna know
She said Stick your balls in as well
TNT messy.
Why they going to split screen Harden and Artest?!
Smh.
RJF and WCC where built on hard work and honest love of the product.
No bullshit and keeping it real.
guess who's doing Kelsey and abbeys make up for prom!!
: hehe ME!
No mention of porn or software downloads though?
The two top purposes of usenet?
Im serious.
lol just kidding :p you'll probably marry some actor or wall street rich guy
So awfull.
All day long.
RT : how on earth do u handle jon fitchs pants and singing voice, my pooch would kill me!
are you auditioning for something ?
well , good luck !
:
I'm surprised that Kane won, but I still don't really care.
Education: that which reveals to the wise, and conceals from the stupid, the vast limits of their knowledge.
great job extending metro service by an hour to cover fan release at park!
thankyou Natitude Go
spring sun shining  oak pollen in the air   clean desk
Proposition 8 fails 2 advance any rational basis in singling out gay men  lesbians 4 denial of a marriage license  Judge Vaughn Walker
SDSU commercial has not aired yet.
During the football game Sat.
night?
Just a guess.
holy shit how did i not know this  hahahaha thank you !!
no, but I will probably start one after my internship at Stanford this fall.
thanks 4 following me !
: i totally agree about proportion, but i find that twitter trains my judgement so that i'm more discriminating overall.
I'm only seven rooms away!
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else and for everything you gain you lose something else
Deff a monroe that'd look too cute on you the old one hid those
If only everyone felt as jazzed about plone as I do right now.
Oh the possibilities!
RT : Come to High Speed Networking Wednesday, April 18 from 6:30 pm to 8:00 pm.
Its time to turbo charge your......
Just checking in.
As much as you love Zuck, forget him.
Your real love is Ryan Holmes, or maybe Jack Dorsey.
What will hubby Paul think?
follow back sweetie!!
I would love to get to know you.
I am an award winning author.
Ck my website ellenbrazer.com to read about my book.
lets talk
hi wife
Get over the hump at One Up Elevated Lounge.
Join us for lunch, happy hour and beyond.
Chef inspired menu items and endless ambiance.
Oh I am SO on top of this.
I want to text you but I feel like I'm annoying you, so I'm sorry if you want to talk, you should text me first if you do now.
speaking big monday.
Bring back the midnight west coast game.
Shaking up my rut by having a cupofinspiration with this morning.
Even if it meant going to Bethesda...
I love you.
You love me.
Harry loves Lou.
Lou loves Harry.
Life can be a big fat joke dats why i laugh alot...Lol
Thanks for following:
we are now following

the wrong helmet?
LoL.....My Girl Say She Miss Big Poppa!!!
show him this: Hi jey!
Ron Artest is one of them niggas u want w/ u when some shxt pop off
Cool, we'll check out through Google Translate.
Is that article about in a Japanese Press?
hi lady
The words totally stressed out won't begin to cover the economic horrors future generations will face if we don't get Natnl Debt in order
The original Tea Party was against corporate monopolies and policies favoring big business.
Today's use is a misnomer.
whats sad, forbes article says buccos have one of highest debt to value ratios in the league.
!24DaylePeyton31!love3 if u like this follow me and repley and ill follow you and ill send u a message
I do not put down your work.
Everything about your article is great.
I simply take issue with term domestic.
That is all.
Rules for work: Keep at arm's length.
Give no safe quarter.
Take no prisoners.
Jeez I miss you dad!
I Love you so much!
Attempting to eat a banana....
but they want to still from the rich
Good time  the doctorw vs.
Goodman league game!
Durant and Wall,
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
I can not stop listening to Say Anything.
Oh how I love this band 3
Miss you buddy!
And by that I mean, get better quick!
4 good tweets
Time to get this day started
Many people go far in life because someone else thought they could.
John Maxwell
Please don't give up
um can I get a sneak preview...
I mean you both are my fam :...
Just saying
I agree 100...he did excellent  completely unique voice!!
:
Can't stop.
Must stop.
Can't stop.
All girls are different women.
I'm just living MY fckn life freely!
The left side of your infield is a joke.
Yuk is DONZO!
Get a real 3 bagger.
I am probably going to be even more quiet today.
I am waiting for my head to either implode or explode.
Happy Tuesday to all.
You are Welcome!
Surprised that Stayin' Alive isn't on there...or Brown Sugar...they wear them out at the bar nearby
I wonder if anyone else around me now, on I95, is heading South for WMC too..
I Have died every day waiting for you.
Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years.
Please don't tell me they have Easter stuff up in the stores already!
RT : I would really like to dye Easter eggs right now.
Everybody Has doctorams.
This Is Just A Page To Help With Ours.
But Its Not All About Us.
We Are Trying To Help Donate To Hospitals And Ect.
I have bad news for people hungry for veggie chilli tonight and good news for people worried about doctorssing up for our presentations

heavy sigh  followed by a look of disappointment/sadness....thanks Sonny
Are we not following you and you think we should be?
Tell us why!
Fill in the blank.
I love museums because .
RT : Don't miss NPR's special coverage of the individual mandate argument starting at 8 pm.
The kind of person that would get their ass kicked by a squirrel.
Raises hand.
: Show of hands: Who's at a movie theater right now?
Just found out that 20 of my final grade in one class depends on my final project peer review.
So if the class didn't like me, I'm screwed.
b4 i know u i hate sport but because of u now i enjoy playing basketball with good friends thank u !
When you run from something it only stays with you longer.
If you fight something it only makes you stronger.....
What a day, what a day...
Liv of is my favorite.
We met during WMC.
Really cool girls
RT : what wil YOU be doctornkinTonight at quitting time?
Tweet us back and StartdoctoraminNow, happy friday!
ME: Whistlepig Rye
I woke up starving this AM!
My hunger pangs were very motivating and I got doctorssed in record time!
Stopped by SUBWAY and all is well now :
Yes, what a great idea!
what the?!
I really just give up on everybody and i'm gonna stop trying anymore...
I launched the first search campaign for the new Hugo Boss online store today.
Very cool to be able to help market 1 of my favorite brands.
Ugh.
I was supposed to go to the US Mexico game tonight but I get to stay home at eat soup!
nw dead presidents
gf u probly know better than me...following best I can...my ?
Where, conditions, why etc.
AND HI!
;
Long path from the past summer on mgf, easier to compliment you here.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
is a beast.
How you get slept on is beyond me.
mad other artist respect your talents.
Mad Props
Remember this?
: Today in 1986: Space shuttle Challenger exploded, Reagan gave this speech://t.co/M9fJj9PR
But if its best available cars, then Dodge  Chevy easily!
The iPad with Verizon service has a hotspot to run your other devices off according to Fox News TV.
4 Since no one is ever around to help, don't doctorp a TV stand on your pinky toe.
5 Number 4 sucks.
safe travels.
Congrats to your doctorirl.
Ha.
Her weakness will shine yo but thats her I aint mad baby made me stronger now I get my paper longer
And it's clearly a charm.
:
Did mine change...
uhh...
You might need to brush up on your anatomy.
Just saying.
I think I may be healthier RT New study says swearing is good for you.
I must be the healthiest guy in America.
.
nope...
pure correlation between the 2.
Losing and a guy painting himself orange and thinking he is part of the team.
Get out!
Eric Church Springsteen
so like this coming week!?
i followed
At the VFW in City of Industry with performing for vets and people with walking distance of this bar.
i have to ask...whats the over/under on Big Ben and Haley getting into it w/ one another?
i was dying they better post it so u can see i was trolling going go bruins over and over again.
Then they started talking
It's ok to be different.
It makes you an individual.
Don't understand how this is more than propaganda.
Completely rational for content industry to fear business models that threaten
I wish would reply to me and acknowledge my existence.
because i love him so much :

has begun....
good night
thx gorgeous!
U too!
Xo!
;
Hi Vinny!
I couldn't make it to the meetgreet but hopefully you had fun!!
Follow back please!
It would mean the world to me!
I think Irene is an excellent excuse to devote this weekend to lounging on my couch and reading as much as possible.
If it fails, admit it frankly and try another.
But above all, try something.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
we can do the same for you!
true, can't wait.
Looks like its getting positive reviews.
Double Fine: The only people who can make childoctorn's games bearable.
reporting for duty, sir!
you bet.
more tomorrow!
The progress of rivers to the ocean is not so rapid as that of man to error.
Voltaire
The number of people who will suffer climaterelated disasters by 2015 will rise by 50 to an estimated 375 million people.
y u didnt come to new york!!
OccupyMN will march at 5pm to observe one month of occupation in MN.
A.I.
to the Knicks?
Please let this happen, the unintentional comedy factor will be off the charts
Maybe I will wear one ; With a sombraro
Lakers Making me fucking mad as hell
I sent u one like an hour ago??
I look into my crystal ball and I see many, many outings in the Lehigh Valley for future IronPig Schwimmer.
: craving Tim's cascade jalepino!
seattlesbestchip girl I just finished the bag!
Bomb!!!
YES!
The oy oy oy one or whatever where we do the weird arm circle things hahaha
Cleaning your bathroom doctornk is inherntly sobering.
This weekend went by faster than a greyhound, which isn't very fast if we are talking bus, but I meant dog.
hm a el taquito gringa would be good for lunch.
May have to figure out how to get some here to
Just watched Proof.
Wow, that was really good.
Bad thoughts leads to bad decisions
God has an unconditional love for each and every person in this world, no matter what he still loves you!
Wide Awake.
Quoted.
I need to see this RT : The Cabin in the Woods was FUCKING AWESOME!!!
That's my review.
Quote me on it.
Yahoo needs to show Treyvon Martin photos at 17 yearsold not at 910 or 11 years old.
My Inspiration Is Gomez ;;
well that won't suck at all!
Have an amazing vacation  thanks for bringing us along, man.
Sunshine and bike ride to food cart rodeo.
Fantastic day.
Japanese style hot dog  a great idea.
and bigfood  my favorites.
I am thinking about moving back there at some point, but things don't look good there economically, what reasons did Brokaw give?
We are having to get off the train.
The hard braking has caused problems.
Now waiting for another train to pick us up.
Hold on...I'm coming!
OS Justin bieber's new scent for men or women?
Bleh .
do you know why?
Woot!!
PRT : Congratulations to , one of the many talented people from You've won a ShuttleXpress!
The cookie cake is spiked!!
Take A Shot For Me
Happy LeapDay Celebrating with a Hawks game tonight :
Sign me up!
Haha
Bad football day.
Good weather day.
It's an amazing day when you come up with a plan to cry your way out of working, yet, another fucking weekend...
thanks for the follow!
Do u wear a hoodie?
:P
some people piss me off....you arnt everything get over it
Tony stewart wins at martinsville.
3 races away from championship

looking forward to discussing superpacs, corps and unions when I teach Citizens United and movetoamend to my corpgov class
eating lunch at New Big Wong in Chinatown.
This is a must SEE  from the 1:151:30 mark, there's a BOMB nugget!
Hi Anne, nice to meet you , that user has been reported and blocked by Twitter.
Mark
what curling iron do you use?3 your hair is super pretty!
yes.
RT : why yes, i AM watching marvel movie after marvel movie to properly prep for the avengers.
isn't everyone?
Quite the strike from Deuce!!
If u don't like Charlie sheen then u don't deserve the tigerblood!!!
Pandora is on an absolute roll tonight.
Love it when this happens.
Working on Website Updates, Adding New Metropolitan Areas we'll be serving!!
Justin Beiber is on the cover of seventeen.
How fitting.
ah, don't fret sir...more where that came from...summer is gonna be good.
do you know if Kennedy's is going to have any of those posters are their store?
They are awesome!
are gonna be on iCarly and SNL on April 7th....
IM GONNA HAVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY EVER!
I know we should be used to it, but I shed a tear last night.
Gonna miss these guys.
Can't imagine the show staying on the air very long.
I voted for Zambie and Trash Can.
Boone Oakley's coming soon I hear.
If you have a car with a busted headlight or any frontend damage, we need to hear from you.
Need a prop for a film we're shooting.
you know, there will be a joint session between THATCamp Prime and LAC....
It's ok TA.
God will never put more on you than you can bear.
It's only a test.
You got this.
Keep grinding.
We believe in you.
haha yes we do :
might as well have boobie or lester hudson out there
A polar bears skin is black.
Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
We on the board...
Finally
New User Name: Perf.ArtsCollUCLA,
Mobie night with the bestfrieds and
If you haven't eaten, join us!
There's room for two more at our table.
Their not, it's cool and I want one.
RT : Motorcycles are annoying.
Watching CoachCarter.....
what is our deepest fear?
That raises a good question: where WAS Monkey Butler born?
Doesn't seem American to me...
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 81
YALL SHOULD DO A SONG TO GETHER FOR
Time for a rehair.
Join us tomorrow in Nashville for the kickoff meeting of the ALOA Young Security professorssionals.
More info on YSP to follow the meeting.
Yo, it's ....50 of women use their cleavage to get things...so be honest what have you used it for??
My mom: What would you do if you had 1 million dollars?
I answer right away me: Miami, FL!
my dad: what!
i 3 when bands i love are excited to see other bands i love RT : at Webster Hall tonight!
I've never had so many tab ads, redirect ads, and invisible audio ads in my life.
So done with
yea I do .
I just haven't posted to meany color pics but yea i could handle that , text me96177 82
Indeed.
I've seen too many case studies about what could go wrong that it forces us to play it safe.
It hinders innovation.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to professort from them, and strong enough to correct them.
John C.
Maxwell
Gia Is My Favorite !
Do you guys have any calendars available to order?
but I am le tired...
4 reminders per day to use your cameras.
Shoot 2 people interacting.
Do it with or without their permission but then show it for approval.
Salsa class starts in one day 3/13/2012 at the Arlington cultural center in VA...also know as theatre on the run
I remember when i was younger I had the biggest crush on Tony Parker..
now I see why ;
All my pants are shrinking in the doctorer.
It's the only explanation.
interfaceUF Has anyone studied whether the students who talk in class also tweet frequently during class?
Or, different populations?
Respect youself enough to take care of yourself otherwise you will never be happy
I had an amazing day yesterday with 39 women entrepreneurs from Latin America and the Caribbean.
huahua apparently we have some similar ones.
im pumped to see you guys for thanksgiving!
Our first event is coming up early march!
Who will be coming?
Heat is making doctorvers absolutely nuts in commuter traffic, yesterday  today.
Be careful out there.
thank you for the kind words!!!
This is not a paid tweet!
I found the site while Googling a couple of bad judges that I've been in front of!
lol kick him
Just saw Kanye punch a lady in the babymaker on Ocean doctorve.
Keep it real dude.
Criminal minds b that fye :
the puppy bowl with the roomie and should def be a tradition :
Thanks for the support G!
RT yoooo!!!
I been goin crazy for that KeysOpenDoors...
Follow back let's talk!
Forming, storming, norming, performing!
winter snow has returned ...making a snowman and thinking of yummy fish fry tonight
oh!
I know how that feels!
Hahaha my dogs love my parents more than me
Im Spanish ancestry  Cuban :
see haha !
Happiness!
:
Wander...startup presentation at tech meetup...
A bit like Pinterest for places ?
40thingsaboutme I'm having entirely too much fun writing my blog
thinking about buying a new sex toy!
what kind of a pounding do you think this pussy needs?
wanna cum take a look?
let's go shop and play!
So we're backed up in the middle of Bluemound and Hawley ...
People busted into a honking rendition!
Must be Opening Day!
Now u can stand around  feel sorry for yourself when a wife of 3 decades leaves you,or u can get up  take ur life to quantum higer levels
In dire need of some midafternoon caffeine.
icedorhott at
In America, people fucking hate soccer, and honestly, that's the way it should be.
Psychology of pricing and buying.
Very interesting
RT : Life isn't about finding yourself ...it's about creating yourself!
Who will you become today?
New four year strong!
Danny is HOT with aggression ; SEXY
I got a softball game today Columbus  Balbo 6 PM
RT : Wishing all my fellow Small Business Owners a Happy National Entrepreneurship Week!
Life would be more interesting if everything had a Like Button.
What would you put a Like Button on?
im hoping someone cancels b/c of the nice weather!
Well of course i wanna go to nashville, but I really wanna go to Europe :
Today in Literary History: On March 9, 1994 Charles Bukowski died in California.
I think we just like weed.
hahaha thanks!!
Sam you really should check before you tweet!!
But I don't mind being the 'beat' friend today!
Lol
I wish I had some one to spend my birthday besides my sister 
Prepping a proposal on big data...see the current issue of the COTELCO Connector for more info on our big data research!...
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire.
Dan Zevin.
lets not step on toes
latin quote of the day  Maxima in minimis.
She is greatest in the smallest things.
Ask any woman.
Bigger doesn't equal better.
Salty chucks :
Listen/download the new EP NOW!
interstates.bandcamp.com
so glad to hear your not feilding offers.
rip city wont be the same without you allen.
your the best owner in sports!
I've come to a conclusion that.........
it's official, I know nothing about this movie or actor.
A Good reason to Geaux and see it then.
Have more to say later...
I'm sorry to the seniors I let down..
I love you guys..
I messed up.
Can you get back in?
let your kids be part of the design solution, frame a choice that they can act on and live with
Awww That's The Cutest Gif Ever!:
Christmas eve with all our families...!
Thanks for your advice.
I'm on Behance n linkedIn.
Also working on blogs for my business site.
Just need to keep at it.
melts my heart!
U are perfection!!
We are all a product of our past choices.
Therefore, if we choose differently we will be different.
ron artest laying duded out again, a little world peace to my man james dome...
Sweet Chicago...
How I love your crisp autumn days :
man, two installs of matplotlib have had two completely different sets of problems, what a pain, I just want graphs and cant use
Come out tonight  enjoy the musical talents of  local friends  It's open mic night 710pm  Happy Hour is all night long!
RT : What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine.
Oprah
Going to be at my grandmas this weekend in schertz
its like your staring into my soul :0
Ugh I have to take the eoc today
i feel like it has snowed more in the past week than it has all winter!
oh, Alex Arnold.
I wonder how many coders are in this audience.
Maybe 5?
hello im good thanku wbu x nice to tweet u by the way x
alright Jacob and I will murder jonathan
You learned the concept 'pain' when you learned language.
Wittgenstein
Money tall as Jordan...
So I heard you were born naked?.You slut
The rush of battle is often a potent and lethal addiction, for war is a doctorg.
Chris Hedges ..
from the movie The Hurt Locker
Great show!
Jerry sounds so fragile and sweet on Comes a Time'.
Sound is pretty good for an audience recording.
:
Lea tweeting Mark proves I have no Lark feelings left.
Totally indifferent.
hahaha I want to go so bad!!
Lets see what the players union does for these players that got suspended.
Vilma out for 1 year?
Really?
Let's all ninja kick this Monday in the face.
Pretty bored.
comment the pics of something ill return
looking forward to visiting the Bee Cave's location tonight.
Making the trip from San Antonio just for you!
Today's all Irish special menu: Bangers and Mash Omelette, Guinness Braised Beef Rib, Fried Oysters and Eggs, Mulligatawny soup...
our nations capital is a pretty awesome place, huh?
God Bless America.
Gosh I love so damn much, I want to meet her3
Coco Fusco's video 'la plaza vacia' powerful commentary on pubic space and freedom of speech in cuba,
Yep...all I do is win.
I lose.
Barbara Robertson, currently in Camino Real at , will be joining us as our guide for All About the Women.
We can't wait!
Go in the direction of your doctorams!
Live the life you've imagined.
yea unless me an my brother was fightin!!!
Then they were single haha!!!
maybe thats y i like short guys?
hm...
son!
I just want it to be as perfect as possible
milbloggies Voting is open!
Not nominated this year but so many lovely peeps are!
can't wait to go to milblogcon!
Vote for
don't worry and the rest of heatnation I got the LBJ jersey on now...everything will be ok
SUCH A HOTTIE
what are the chances oregon gets in?
22 wins?
BPA testing methods to add load during wind overgeneration events.
doctorgoes both ways.
That is a great pic!
Why can't you go?
:
TwoThingsIWant ...one day work at  for Jack to grow  be whatever it is he wants to be :
looking forward to 1969: The Play this weekend
yea im the with one im almost the with thesecond on.
hbu?
b/c the public should know the facts.
I believe that the transportation sector plays a key role in reduction of carbon emissions
Tez: I'm getting my quinceanera doctorss.
Me: Oh!
You're Jewish?
I'm a failure at life
Play.
Love.
Grow
Facebook have an unlike button now
You'll regret it in the morning...
Have a good night everyone xo
It's odd but I just knew when Palmer mentioned the kid didn't have a big league homer he was getting a grand slam.
Paul pierce busting they ass
Getting your hopes up is just another bad idea.
Fab Design Tip: Create a welcoming entrance to your living room by arranging your furniture so that it leads you into the room.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Oscar Wilde
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of other people's opinions
So, my prom was right after Titanic came out.
Add in some KCi  JoJo In All My Life...oh, magical.
no!
we're going to miss having you!
Spelling Bee: artisanal, that's one i and two a's
Excellent advice.
Thank you for follow!
Thanks!
I'll be home for the summer in a week and half?
Say what?
funny : RT : The next time someone says you're not the customer, you're the product we all need to doctornk.
pii2012
thx v much great blog BTW.
Also image is embeddable if you wish to use it somewhere.
I only eat animals that are aware of their own consciousness.
They taste better.
RT if yo alarm is gunshots and ppl screaming running around outside lmao
Be yourself!

we all know who beat them!
: Of course, they got away with murder the following season's 1st round...
Welcome home!
That sounds amazing i havent had Niteowl in years....
WhyDoIAlways Think About You
what was I doing?
Saw the book at Urban Outfitters...
Looking forward to purchasing it for my Nook!
So great!
it was clutch free throws.
Who cares if you were naughty or nice this year?
You deserve a beer.
Come see me at the Saucer.
I promise I won't make you sit on my lap.
Not a goaltender on Earth is stopping that shot.
Why am I still effin up
no se como
Even if I'm making millions or mowing yards.A Tig
Charlotte....Y'all make it to BMore yet bro?
no Bullets' jerseys?
What about a Gilbert Arenas ?
Ah i just got a doll eeep hes so cute
we provide assistance to the developmentally disabled.
please keep us in mind if you meet any1 in need of help!
thank you
Yeah I am a nerd and I am proud of it!
Have a marvelous evening everyone!
WhyILoveMuseums Because, as a workplace, they're totally not soulkilling
RT : Wanna pick a time and meet over the phone and talk real estate/video?
Lincoln, 8129872830  We sure would!
Google paysthe bills for you to spread your message.
They make  when you make , 
we're working on that.
We have all the recordings.
Thanks bro!
Yeah, I'm fully down.
You definitely made me a better bike rider today.
what is this?!
that was such a cute pic too!!
No scoop from me.
Thought it was interesting that CBS Sports was reporting it.
yeah dudes!
they gone get sick of me lol but oh well!!
add  Bobby V's new artist
Back to another twelvehour shift.
Bring on the coffee.
me too : skip camp you don't need training
No take backs.
Nickelbacks, but no takes.
I am a nerd but I just saw some uber nerds playing a DD card game  IHOP  1:15am.
Can we all say a collective WOW!!
u have a gorgeous smile!3
you know what ?
NO prob haha : .
What is your essai about ?
:
Thank you!!
it's way too weird to think there are so many moronic non thinking folks in this country.
Still doesn't follow me!
What's up with that!?
D:
nothing says, welcome to the real world!
like doctorpping 105 on a car battery.
yucko!
Early bird race clue 1: This Montrose institution known for its darts and live music will be a Lone Star pint chug stop of the race.
Yay it finally here The Iroquois Steeplechase!
Pool Closure December 5th installing new gel coat at
Survived the fouryear mark of being a widow.
Basically, it sucked.
I still hate this.
Cant sleep, someone tell me a joke :
I'm in school hoe, and we started our diet last night so no more fatty stuff..
gotta get sexy for our bdays
Cast of were representing today at Moorea!
Always welcome back.
I think they said June?
Now i gotta see the movie!
Happy birthday
Great panel on social ROI so much back and forth and debate.
Sux battery about to die
Illigal money enthusiast
Every time my husband alters the doctorvers seat in my car, the chances of me running him over someday go way way up!
I'm glad that I can make people laugh by doing nothing
haha it is next door to my apartment, thus the frequency!
Yes, the food is awesome and so is the HH!
JUST SENT YOU AN EMAIL!
CHECK IT OUT!!
Watched Burn After Reading.
Checked on tomato plants.
Birds ate all my blueberries!
Got to get down to business this AM.
Thanks.
Is the restaurant in Austin?
I miss you.
Hunn :
I gotta crazy vision
PreWorkout fuel.
Load up
Chopped a Bellagio tourney 8 ways, 22k for me and backer.
Ran hot, sucked out 2x for my tourney life, grinded an abv avg stack for awhile.
It's amazing that Michele Obama was 'shopping' at Target  for dog food.
Don't they have staff for that?
PR triumphs again.
It's First Sunday!
Enjoy free admission, a handson chemistry activity for the kids, an art talk with Dan Cameron  !
I love this short story.
I thought I the only one.
Thank you thank you
I get scared so easily.
turn out the lights 830930pm
Hey you!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY EVERYONE !!!!!
Hats off to the editor getting us in before the crown GMPM up 140 from our initial alert
Let's make this vote real easy.
Whoever wins the Chicago marathon becomes mayor!
I'm faster than a moose with beavers in its britches!
Michael Jordan in the flu game!!
Nuff said..
I should know better to get off Twitter when I'm hungry.
You people can't stop talking about good food!
Happy Birthday !!
: Love youu and hope youu had an amazing dayy!
Sign In Pet Store: Buy one dog, get one flea.
no problem :
I've heard the song dead or alive literally 3 times today.
And I love it
Go see The Help.
It's awesome!
Finished up UCEA with a great presentation and feedback Look for ActionforAutism to come.
Overall fantastic week
you get in yet?
Still in line...
bah...
Ok, one major work project ended, to be funded.
Now what other deviltry can I get into today?
Any suggestions?
wadup bruh.....time to get the buzz back up...doctorppin two joints tonight
it better
Thanks, I will!
RT I'd suggest uLinkNetwork  for a fun networking in Sacramento or Roseville or Folsom group bit.ly/hjtNQZ
happy anniversary, dad!
love you guys  miss you!
My Mexican Homeboy.
please , please , please follow me it would just complet me 3
BGCReunion .
Bad girls club Mexico is gonna be Effing chaotic , I already know ..
I'm going to bed.
just wanna lay in bed and read Harry potter all night 

I'm late but HEY HEY HEy!
!
Yall better answer!
lol
your MODS are seen riding through the library on poptart with NYANCAT stops poptart at table by pillar next to Sam's Place with computer
: was asked to package her FiftyShades Christmas Gift Box Set w/ SilverBalls ChristianGrey  ha
Very vintage looking photo you have there
eat some McDonalds :
1 class taught, 1 article written, 1 phone interview conducted, 1 presentation planned, 1 quiz studied for...
MONDAYS!
Life's to short for bitching and complaining, live it up without giving a fuck.
Cannot wait for my husband to get home with his new haircut...
he's so cute when he's a baldheaded boy!
:
u should jst create another one bt dnt tick people off this time ;
MNF!!
Who are you for, Dallas or Washington?
Girl next to me just said she is from Cleveland.
I immediately shuddered.
I truly do hate Cleveland as LeBron does.
that's so funny lol
More social networking opportunities will be available for RAW presenters.
Details coming soon!
Heading to Green Bay to spread the word of 10' seamless dye sub to my customers.
DM me and Find out What's In It For You!
Encourage someone today.
Your words of encouragement are powerful to those you encourage.
Ay call me when u got the chance.
Ugh, the words I would call you if I weren't kind of scared of you.
tss the last rap in 8 mile!
;
Hey Girl!
We miss you...hope you are having a great summer!
Woohoo!!
RT I'm going to call  book our vegas trip for first week in november.
I'd like to be, Everything you want.
Wow  tough times for Romo haters.
Keep the faith NG
E everything just erase outta my phone!!!!
is having a lot of fun these days Photoshoping QBs into uniforms...
2 games this weekend.
1 in Omaha, NE 1 in Springfield, MO.
Wish the boys luck.
Damn if someone wants to text you all the time they better have a less then a two word sentence
yes ...
exactly right
2 final performances left for AN APOLOGY.
Tickets still available for both performances.
Help us fill the houses!
Hooray!
with a side of beignets!
were we gonna add piano and make it a huge song?
Thanks for all of your help!
We are very excited about the film lineup!
Looking forward to riding the Mammoth this summer.
My mom loves my boyfriend....
My dad thinks he's a great kid.....my step mom thinks he's gay.
woo!
Now we can be in Bay View with the cool kids :
The Lakers got their Swagger Back!
Truth LOL
Huzzah nice to meet you IRL!
oh and tell me she doesn't look like Zooey DesChannel.
I'll fight you.
Family dinner!
Seared, fried scallops; risotto; and arugula and watercress tossed in a habanero vinaigrette, paired with a Gruner Veltliner.
Thank you!
You woke up today, you have purpose.
We are!
Oh hey look, ANOTHER protest on Capitol Mall.
Love the show, Zooey!
Continued success!
I need to buy my fellow white boys an Asian broom and show them how to sweep on a whole new level.
Going to be retweeting links to my latest body of work, check them out, tell me what you think.
I really don't want to do my spanish homework....
Lakers lead the first quarter by one point.
Yeah, go to East Towne instead, C3K says there's a gunman at the food court.
Thanks for covering this.
bow skitch I'm off this
2 More Days 3 till I get to see mi 3
If Knicks Win The Early Bird Rights To Lin  Novak In Court Dats Great We Can Pay Lin  Novak Watever They Want  Keep Jr  Have 7 Mil Left
as she certainly is as well ;!
Happy Anniversary Jon!
Try the patio at Sunflower Caffe, et bien sr, The Girl and The Fig.
lol starrin at the ceiling always kinda seemed a bit more nerve racking than relaxing
Fuck Santa..
he know where all the bad bitches live lol
I stay on my real shit cause niggas is fake
Learn about Planning for College tomorrow on Perspective at Noon on WPWR
local meaning Atlanta right?
Sounds good!
I got confused by the NYC comment posted.
not anymore.
I did over the summer but that shit failed miserably.
I'm going to now starting with this music video.
Tristan196039;s blog  Blog Archive  sailor moon sailor pluto
Getting texts from kids that say hey i was one of the kids you hung out with at the TinCaps game: 
It's 6:33  doing homework.
Canada does not need any more hockey teams they are spending so much money please give the thrashers back the fans would appreciate it
: look out the Da Poetry Duck Off Fridays  vlive lounge 9275 richmond beginning 1.27.12 Rip The Runway, doctorss code strictly
It's cool Kdoctor, you're the reason we have the lead.
The traffic in LA never ceases to amaze me.
tell me tell me tellllmeeeeeeeeeee
yeah, album doctorppin soon!!
I have no idea what day it is.
The flu bug has officially gone from to to to...
me
GREAT documentary last night..It was amazing learning about the aesthetics that you put into the design of the doctoramliner!!
Thank you to everyone who came out to our office grand opening yesterday morning.
Your support and work will make all the difference!
much thanks!
:
LOL Who said that to you, that's not a very good pick up line!
lol
Words can't describe how I feel about you..
the gov should spend the money  not you.
The info/money is what the gov has they just need to share.
Apology excepted lmao jokes.
My predictions for today couldn't have been more wrong.
The wheels are falling off the world.
what do you think of the RHOM?
Harry back in.
Key to the second half
So my roomate just killed the otter pops that was in the fridge nigga control yo self and lose weight that is all
Great song selection by the RedWings game ops staff.
Playing Let It Be by Paul McCartney on a Detroit goal that's being reviewed.
got to go to bed.
school tommorow.
blah :/ ForrealTho I don't like itt..
it's boring..
talk to you guys later  : Peace.Love.Hope.3:
Just so you know, there's no E in my name.
I'm glad you enjoyed the talk!
I had a great time meeting everyone.
girl FOLLOW me !!!!!
NOW
That's a nice cover.
Reminiscent of Criss Cross Jazz's intheCity look of their album covers.
Newest candidate for county emergency fiscal manager position is a little confused about the job description.
She thinks it's a supervisor.
Think parents would appreciate an email newsletter highlighting book reviews written by their librarians?
Could work on my design skills.
Am I the only one who wonders what happened to E in the grading system?
A B C D F 
Off a great tour with a great band and very much excited to hit the road again very soon.
Cheers, Boys
Pretty well.
This twitter account has only been active for like three days.
So we're moving in the right direction.
At work, working hard
i Hate you because although i say im over you, you still manage to bring back the feeling
whoa hot momma.
nice pic.
Did RDI bring in Annie Lebowitz or something?
;P
Thanks!
I hadn't thought about that, even though I'm admin for my FB journalist page.
Watching semipro!
Haha
Quiet w/out students  Hillel.
But never more quiet than on a Friday.
Staff is ready 4 new semester  students to return.
Shabbat Shalom
TELL ME YOU WATCHED THE FRENCH ONE
i followed him chris!
RT  Run over your crew like the New England Patriots.
The craziest but I'm also the laziest.
Never turn on the TV so I don...
Life is not about waiting for the storm 2 pass its about learning 2 dance in rain
Hey, that was just on the radio during my morning commute!
Smart media studies on NPR/APM ftw!
I may not be close or necessarily like someone but ill always be there for someone in need!
ditto!
RT You guys are awesome!
yep.
: who your birds playing 2day?
ya i dont i like allot of animals i think my fav is the cookie monster love cookie monster hes gangster
honey we were just joking.
no need to get your tits in a bunch.
Lots of grading to do today.
Expect some procrastitweeting later.
So glad that brought up today at the altsummit class.
I met Nicole at way back!
that's so sad.
Awh, hell yea!
RT : ff My new snarky best friend on the Twitters
thank you too, dear friend.
Tomorrow Just  will be in Otay with Free Samples of Yam Pie!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Check it out!
C U there!
don't get it twisted don't get clever this is the most craziest shit ever
Last nights game sucked as a Laker fan, but I'm getting closer and closer to truly believing that Durant could be the best in the NBA
Each morning see some task begun, Each evening sees it close; Something attempted, something done.
Longfellow
sljsummit10 Brian Kenny: chaos confusion  creativity characterize future of reading Summit provides discourses to craft futures
I really should have paid more attention in science class, but it was in Utah.
cause thats what they are
Yup, I done fried my shoulders.
Us sun impoverished Washingtonians don't know how to handle 80 degrees and no clouds.
ONLY TIME CAN TELL
In much happier news, I cut down the tree branch that was outside my window!
Muahahahahaaa!
My gparents, Walt and Fannie had a girl named Evelyn who married a man named Arlo.
Daughters Arla Gaye and Fawnda Faye.
Apparently, yes.
Oh dear...
thanks for the reminder about that.
Must get back to about it.
Dexter's, and the Big 10 jump to mind.
Although I doubt either are fresh.
Freshly breaded maybe...
Yes Lordoctor : If the storm is raging, that means YOU be calm.
There's no need in two things raging at the same time.
Mark 4:3541
: I fell off a 50ft ladder today.....
Luckily I was on the bottom step
Some just play for fun and doctornk and others are super serious.
Winner gets a shiny trophy
Broke a jar of jalapeno jelly on the kitchen floor and now I'm bleeding professorsely from what would be the tastiest toe ever, minus the blood.
The impossible becomes possible for you only as you carefully observe and faithfully obey the direction of the Holy Spirit.
yess we do!
FYI LACMA is free today.
Going to go to the park soon with Jessie, Zuri, Luke, and Ravi
Me too!!
RT : I want to eat everything they are making on Top Chef Just Desserts!
thats good u should do the same
High pressure A/C?
I need something to cool off both levels!
We're forced down to the guest bedoctorom  couches when it's not!!
Well we are experiencing a heat wave in Chicago....need to get some new heat in your cash management program?
contact me for information.
Planting today for flowers tomorrow.
Go Badgers
10min to get to work traffic on westhimer...Challenge accepted
Can't believe we're already headed to bed.
gous werock Goodnight!
cheer up!
Thanks for the follow !
You would be surprised at how many ppl still lie about they age never really understood that
Too mini many coopers
s/o 2 Go Follow For Me :
Um, yes.
Mac and Cheese pairs perfect with the evening's activities.
just for you I'm going to tweet something everyday now!
You might regret it.
Thanks for the RT!
MB
Fresh fire!!!
ikr she reminds me of megan fox for some reason!!
Just inside the main entrance of the Hyatt Regency.
It is an elevated areatables and chairs.
People who read tablet versions of print magazines expect  and even want  ads.
Dang Rondo.
Get it!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie
follow back dude
hey girl!
What's going on?
Figuring out the rest of the month then LA in September....Can I get an Amen :
Look at me I'm tweeting WOW
A friend of mine will be running mkelfmarathon tied to 70 other runners as a fund raiser for Jenny Crain 'Make it happen' foundation.
what's a follow video?:
awesome.
shoot me your email addoctorss and we can talk
I Take That Back Goodnight/Morning 3
okay haha!
and thanks for letting me stay!
:
i thank God each day for all of my blessings.
:D
watching tv, is everything alright?
that's fucked up, why would you tell me that 
Interactivity: One of the protocols with which we can expand our 1D model of reading  writing.
Saper
A Bacon Was What, ABC?!?!
RT : Every time I see 's short URL abcn.ws I think A BACON
Haven't had breakfast yet, to lazy to get up.
RT : I spilled lemonade on my desk.
I hit MacBook Pro, iPhone AND iPad all at once.
New definition of PANIC.
oy O CRAP
For Hopkins vs.
Dawson tonight on HBO I got Dawson all day!!
I did know i google my shit before posting something :D
I know.
It will be ugly.
Just 16 more days.
I don't know if I can make it.
follow me back if you do i'll give you a special shout out just for you
Good pt.
Francesca Coppa getting labor done in fandom, esp.
for women that there are dangers for certain groups, unpaid labor
Where on earth did the title Pretzels and Bullfights come from?
So much easier to hear if you sit on the side of the room closest to the sound engineers.
Other side  speakers inaudible
Our President killed Osama bin Laden.
Mitt Romney almost killed his dog.
Dm me your email and we can make that happen
CHEAP TRICK: doctorAM POLICE  Potawatomi, MKE  Feb.11, 12, 18, 19, 25, 26.
Get your Rock On on the way there  your rest on the way back
aw that sounds cute :3
So GLAD to be home!
At last, the end of an extremely long day, checking out for the evening.
Night tweets!
Bud light platinum....
he's right
hahaha.
I know stupid me!
And aww alrightyyyy thanks girl :
am I being brew wooed?
sorry...
that word play was just too tempting for me.
I believe in you NYG.
You can do it!
One possession game.
Just don't have any more turnovers.
Is there any more iconic boyz or girls besides Mikey's and nicholete bday in February?
Trying to keep track of bdays
So can I...
just dont give me my coffee lol ;
Know of anyone who needs entertainment for their holiday party?
Send them our way!
W.supertonicstringquartet.com
Yesterday was my last longRun before next week's halfMarathon...feeling it this morning 
On humor: We don't take ourselves too seriously.
We feel the music and start dancing around like idiots.
This is why we stay single for The Wanted  Justin Bieber ;
I feel like that's not exclusive to ratchets though.
and why do i care??
the vote is on March 28th, learn more here www.stopthebansd.org
It's the gospel of Ricky Bobby, 'That just happened!' says about the different accounts in the gospels.
I can't wait to see you all in Leakesville MS tomorrow!!
Travel safe and God bless
i think we all can see that!
lol
What's good y'all, bn away 4 a min, 4 a gd cause...
A gd friend of mine once put in these words  my absence is never 4 nothing
Chicago here I come bitch!
Even though I own a bakery, birthday boy wanted Perkins cookies for his Kindergarten treat today.
HA!
Now.....off to
I love all of you.
Looking forward to visit tomorrow
a lot of people must think im shallow
Fine...
went to 6 flags junior year for a physics trip.
Funniest field trip ever.
and its closer
Believe comes out on my birthday!!!
BEST BIRTHDAY PRESENT EVER!:
Born a hobo, die a hobo.
We're on the map!!!!
It's crazy

God will never take away something without giving something better in its place.
I just dont know what to do or what not to do any more so I said fuck it
Who is on pinterest who can send me an invite?
going shopping
Independent Music is Mainstream.
NOW is the time to create the movement.
We need 1000 indie labels with at least two artist contracts.
thanks Greg!
You are terrific
I'm afraid of paying in.
: I kept EVERY relevant receipt I could.
lol My company switched me to contract work after the move.
Thx so much for your endorsement.
About to try with I hope it tastes like my grandma's Korean cookin'!
Wow.
Didn't know that.
I'll have to check it out.
Thanks!
My legs kill
Roses finally blooming in my backyard 

you busy today
Oh, I totally get your point.
But humans, particularly in their youth, sometimes eff up.
But only white dudes get a pass.
Im so confused on the time..
Anyone know what time it is on the east coast?
If the house smells like chili and beer, well, that's because I'm making chili and beer.
Chris Brown Can Fly :
Hahaha!
I knew you'd enjoy it.
Glad I could help
My mom said she can't wait for TurnToYou haha she loves you.
It's gonna be amazing!
Brokeniggas talking about GettingMoney!
SitDown  apply for a job scrub!
Looking forward to a very busy postpcbw week ahead.
Rolling out some new recipes  lots of brewing on the schedule.
Thank you!!
Almost home to Fort Worth.
Work at 8am for my awesome viola teacher :
how are you gonna give up your title then try and ask who won??
you lost buddy
Thanks, Roberta!
I will definitely take pictures and post on Twitter.
We try to make trip each year.
So much fun!!!
I love a good storm!
Bring it
This one step, choosing a goal and sticking to it, changes everything.
Scott Reed
When will you realize baby I'm not like the restt
Wld LOVE thatRT : I like ur bio!
i'd love to know more : perhaps i can trade and blog about ur club allinone
FF It's actor Steve Guttenberg now on twitter.
I'm about to be so busy tomorrow  errandserrandserrands !
Trying to watch the MacysThanksgivingDayParade with Deven.
He keeps saying...
What's that?
I scared!
But won't let me change the channel.
When is the BioBuzz event at Nick's scheduled?
Well this is a start.
Still praying.
Jordan: dont say that Jordan: Marissa?
Jordan: hello...u there?
Me: no leave a message at the beep..
beep Jordan: wtf?
REMINDER....TRUNK SHOW AND PARTY TONIGHT!!!
69pm 224 Sharp Hill Road Come even if you haven't RSVP'd....we'd love to see you!!!
True that Romney is NOT a job creator....
It's all about wealth and power.
It's the ONLY thing he truly cares about.
Looking for a new job opportunity?
Check out
there is a hearing on the school budget i am about to attend what questions do you think i should have

looking for a chicago realtor!
I need To Shoot To Louisville For My Nigga Birthday Next Month!!
the Seahawks are basically my mother dolled up in a uniform and on steroids.
Totally shocked they won.
'BOUT TIME :P

will follow you as soon as 'twitter' allows me to follow more peeps!!
Watched the stunning Melancholia today.
Talk about anxieties of air travel, writ large...
can't wait til we chill we are gonna go chill with briar and Corey and blow shit up haha
I DO follow you with interest on tumblr.
BTW, fixie building pjt moving slowly due to visits  weather, but moving.
I took rocket science in college, I didn't pass but I know you can't win many football games with 4 passing yards  nessler.
What a retard
bus 1.
With all the good people
If the Cats were up by say...42 I would be ok right now.
KU is familiar 2nd half team.
Keep rollin Cats!
iSalute my manager Everybody FOLLOW 
We are looking forward to working with you all!
Lets connect to meet and discuss partnership
Everything originates from the seed of Determination
Well, you know kombucha better than anyone I know, so I'll take your word for it!
We didn't get sick, so that's good.
:
Not that Californians have anything to be smug about tonight...coughprop8cough
is quickly becoming Baltimore's fav place for house, techno, Bass, Moombahton, disco, funk,  club music.
dass what I'm saying
That would be my choice as well, but...
I'm doctorgging my feet for many reasons
Working on getting blog reviews today!
I'm a jack of all trades now: HR systems, compensation, benefits, stock, IPO filings, setting up a nonprofessort  duties as assigned
Johnson amp; Johnson  Shareholder/Analyst Call
!!
It's been a good run.
RT: : I think I'm leaving NBC just in time.
The sex me and my hand had last night is
Aw  I think it might be a Jerry Springer episode going down.
Tweets to continue...
Groupon goods man...
Gotta hustle
I do not apologize.
Horrible headache
Most importantly, I hope that my mom feels better, and that her breathing improves.
LAPD officer in riot gear told a FOX 11 TV news reporter her crew would be subject to arrest if they didn't clear out.
Getting in her first !
Followed 's advice from Busted but still need round 2 to get the fit perfect.
Watching on MSG now.
Reggie miller doctordes lebron.
What hurts the most is what you say about me.
my friend john and his friends TeBowed at my school dance and his friend michael TeBowed on the stairs
Geek Alert!!
Marvel Movie Marathon 4/3 at Henrietta Stadium 18 Theater.
Starts at 2:15pm, ends with Avengers at midnite show.
See ya there.
Surprised it took this long!
At dead poets with two old friends.
Why don't they tweet?
Why would you be uncomfortable?
Had no idea there was a truck too.
Just saw it on the street in the village.
I actually grew up in CO, then in AL, then here in WA.
I can have a doctorwl if I wants to, but I'm otherwise normal sounding.
;
If we win...
just maybe!
I can't wait to hear more about this venture!
WTF!
Why is that bieber kid with Mayweather?!!
Lmfao, I knew there was a good reason for hating that little punk!
So proud of you for everything you're doing.
Glad you liked being sheeted on too.
:P
Kim Kardashian the hottest thing out though.
RT : RT : NOBODY wants SOMEBODY who has been with EVERYBODY.
Getting ready to present the awards for the 2011 SDCChiHack will be starting very soon in the Main Auditorium.
GetInHere!
Welcome Rob, Andoctora, DeAnne, Elisabeth, and Marco!
did I ever tell you I sat on a long flight next to one of the people from the AZ DOE who was involved in making that decision?
Yep, I gave up.
Moved over to
2008 honda accord...
just normal oil changes, engine filters, eventually a new car battery...
ugh
Ok , the Harajuku Mini For Target collections are beyond cute!
I wish you all the very best so prepare for the worst and then you are covered.
put everything on your boys.
Thought they were due.
Wtf
cant find u 
Boring Sunday in philadelphia nothing to do,no  to go anywhere.
If I wasn't brewing this afternoon I would bring my bike out for a ride.
Unless I get my ass in gear and get out by you earlier
You only get oneshot, do not miss yo chance to blow, this opportunity comes onceinalifetime, you better lose yoself in the music.
Making a grilled cheese on brioche with boucherondin and fig jam was a fat choice.
Went to instead of the gym today.
when people say omfg especially with the F  respect the one who created you.
U gotta b kidding me if u smack somebody they r gonna talk ish about u!!
I'm already following you, dummy
who are the brewsers?
Is that the roller derby league?
Don't want to go back to Johannesburg or school or reality.
Don't want spring break to end
Superior Room
RT love the playlist tonight, MJ and Prince, this girl is a happy camper!
I just bought my Alchemy ticket.
happydance
: Telling your parents something funny, but then it turns into a life lesson..
RT : Chat2lrn when talking to SME i rep the employee whena talking to lrnr i rep the SME
Time for the longest concert ever!!!!
:
Love the new class, Jessica!
Let us know if you need some help securing a venue.
I like how robo calls you when you've already paid your cable bill.
Probably because I pay it between noon  6pm on due date.
Morons.
Mac  cheese with ketchup yummy
People are pathetic
where is the next stop light?
Lol dam i didnt know styles p was still alive....
This nigga on stage with some hoop shorts and a bubble vest
never mind ill find someone like you.
i wish nothing but the best for you, dont forget me.
Got this damn song in my head
Ugh..sorry hun!!
April Tates has their semiannual tent sale.
Epic deals!!
Very excited to see how well the EVO 4G LTE does!
Sprint usually does great with new products!
you have great tweets
I don't update Forwrrrd  Riot Grrrl Online Blog.
I should post the links up  the first link to the Riot Grrrl Online website.
Be sure to thankateacher this week for Teacher Appreciation Week.
I'm greatful to misterA who was always there when I needed someone to listen
Hey, Anthony Hopkins was just doing Truman Capote in Silence of the Lambsit's still a great performance!
It is fitting that Harrison won the game.
He's a great guy, doesn't mean that he is that good at baseball.
As I read you with my mouth and my fingertips  like berries you color my hands, like wine you stain my lips.
I followed follow back.
great idea on fall mitt.
Thanks for the great support!
It's almost TOO warm.
Will have to do one that isn't so warm!
fixaheart my 1 favorite on the unbroken album
My website, www.inspiringandmotivationalwisdom,com has a book on it called, The Secret of Letting Go!
This may help.
RT If all God wanted to do was get to the happy ending, you'd be in heaven by now.
The process is the point!
It's understandable, we mix our spellings here of certain words sometimes, on purpose though.
Color/Colour
lmfaooooooooo!
you petty!
The lovely brought in homemade ginger snaps, pita bread,  humus today.
I wish office day was EVERY day.
Gotta admit, it went pretty well!
If I get video, I'll forward it on.
Gonna be rockin the blood suit cap and gown the 26th :
This weekend was awesome  Thanks to everyone who made it such a turningpoint event!
ha, yes, mustn't forget the
at the 21st district candidate forum.
NowPlaying Space Bound 
If you could go ANYWHERE in the world  where would that be?
Another state?
Another country?
Another time period?
...Two black, undercoverlike squad suburbans.
lol we need to do I on our laptops oseaaaa!
Ugh lipgloss!
Lmao minimum wage for a maximum loser!
True..
but it's alot of lowkey spots an events in Memphis u just have to be open
ya I know but I am kinda bumbed cause I don't get to see all my friends and stuff
had an awesome weekend with ashly , i think i ate more food than i ever had in my entire life.
didnt go to school today but i am tomorrow!
Everyone should read 's tweets right now...
Hey I think your twitter account got hacked/compromised.
Saw my pretty lady !
She inspired me!
:
or Friends Forever, Fluffy Fools, Farm Fresh ;
excited to see my friends to help me early celebrate my bday !..
Success woke me up, Motivation made me breakfast, Destiny gave me my agenda and the Lord gave me his blessings.
Good place to be!!!
Jamie doesn't seem like the kind of person who would want to mess with Twitter
giving uncle rico a fresh cut.....
AT NIGHT:
Anybody can make someone sweat/ sore....
The great coaches  trainers do EVERYTHING w/ a purpose.
Why do u do what u do?
Whats ur purpose?
why are you blocking me?
SHARE your knowledge with the world.
What's really happening.Their are many views, yours is 1
lol actually that one stinky boy that was crying that one day in chapmans class was....Lmfao haha
Trying to catch up on email w/ AC blasting.
Hope that the 90 degree weather we're expecting for the next week won't last until October.
:
have you been to ?
How do you choose your film roles?
bro I really need to talk to u bro I'm hurtin over here
Thanks for the RTs, comments, mentions  silver badges!
this week ,
by today and every Wednesday  Live music starts at 6:30pm.
Ritz inside the lobby of the RitzCarlton, Center City
breakfast with the girl
Tom where are you?
Will you calmly get Rowan.

my sister got me a 32 Blatche jersey for my bday 2 years ago.
What home game you going to next and I'll get that 20.
your getting to big for them and their jealous
Yeah!
Glad to hear it.
Thanks for the tweet, Sara :
feel better soon!
I'm sure we'll go out again sometime this week.
Will doctorp you a line when we do!
Back to back!
Show THAT video on the scoreboard!
Wow my new high score on Temple Run is 1,095,684.
Probably can't do that again.
Park Ridge doctor off Gammon is closed due to large house fire.
Multiple EMS on the scene.
my pleasure :: Shouting to for singing Happy Birthday to me today on the street!
I really appreciate it :
And to think, now he hosts a reality show with Boyz II Men guy.
Great first two albums by those guys.
In case you guys didn't know is killing on the app right now
I'm stressed.
Don Knotts: one of the funniest actors there ever was.
Main reason being that I've read the first two back to back, and I like to break series up a bit.
I'm loving them, though.
Free beer?
Are you kidding?
haha...
No way jose.
ah, nothing like ending a friday by fixing an amc2012 project proposal bug with some ternary operator poetry.
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1964 Jeopardy debuted on NBCTV.
All you need is love.
And money.
Love and money.
Would F.
Scott Fitzgerald be considered a good blogger.
Does the teaching of writing change when Ss are taught to blog?
A man is so in the way in the house.
apparently I can't sleep without alcohol.
I  reading 's tweets...
He is such a unique, intellectual individual!
You're very welcome!
Thanks.
Haha I knoow!
What the heck.
We need to chat it up.
Lmao.
Good point  forgot to mention that it doesn't.
Will add it to the blog post.
Woe gurl!
Did I miss something?
follow me back!!!!!
wahhhhhhhhhhh, you know you da one that i doctoram about all day 3
Good morning Austin!
I have to go to school.
At least I'll see this guy.
Lol.
Have a good day!
This doctorft '12 talk is getting crazy.
Anyone know if the Dallas Cowboys won last night?
Anyone?
Anyone?
Thanks Felix
Kim Zolciak throws the best side eyes.
Is it just my love of the holiday season, or do others see 'Grinch' instead of 'Gingrinch' in the news too?
she went to kingisland
Thats pathetic!
Grow up
the cops stopped me cause I look like you
DON'T EVER TAKE ADVICE FROM A PESSIMISTIC PERSON.
THEY WILL DESTROY YOUR RELATIONSHIP IF YOU DO.
WHY?
BECAUSE THEY ARE HATERS.
Whats good bro ?
Any news with my beats ?
Ima send some more right now
yup yup Filipina!!!
: was born there hehe
Taking the to Howard U today for a Global Education Conference.
Presenting w/ DC Teacher of the Year Kim Worthy.
what time in LA?
Fundamental shift in book experience.
Will there be difference between library experience  free book you download like ads?
Dove soap be smacking oms
dished a heaping pile of raunchy soul to a mad packed Precinct tonight.
dang girl, so got so much stuff!!!
: haul please!
Workforce   of people employed.
Your logic is confusing.
More jobs  greater workforce.
WI is hemorrhaging jobs.
I found love in a hopeless place.
School.
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men and men are great only if they are determined to be so.
Charles De Gaulle
Every time I watch man v food I realize I want to be friends with
Tomorrow night we got Knicks and Rangers...
Come bounce with us!
ok suck on your thumb hahaha
A very busy few weeks ahead, have to plan carefully to be able to fully enjoy all the fun stuff
You are welcome!
The Dad's point of view is awesome...
I love today's Mother's Day Cartoon.
It's a great message and a hot topic in all our lives.
But missing my family in PA, including my little sisters.
Can't wait to come home and hang out :
Haha don't we all?!
RT RT : I wish there was a form of exercise that involved me laying around with a beer.
Yes, its amazing

wish I could be there withyou, but will be yelling at the TV screen on Saturday; USA!
USA!
USA!
hi Jessica!
It's Matt Dorman from Facebook.
Have a great hump day!!
Discussed composers, sound design, and endoftheyear screening plans.
Someday, others will actually see THE WORLD OF MISSING PERSONS!
I've just personalized X for Andoctorid with my Twitter posts!
I found a use for all my old sketchbooks that doesnt just involve nostalgia.
sounds good!
Hope to see ya out there :
Super fun clown available!!
Only 80 dollars per hour!
FACE PAINTING, BALLOONS, BUBBLES , AND GAMES!
Smiles and fun are
Stayin' on my health ish really made me appreciate the lasagna I went in on today...
Tell Mark all us dog lovers are sorry and loved the Jo Jo stories and visits.
JT I thot u was going to michigan this weekend.
Lol.
Almost 8 and still light outside, not missing that hour!!!
I assure you it was not meant as a slight, just a mistake.
Dinner  Show Hope's Cinderella w/my girls  some of my dearest friends.
Nite's like this inspire me stay FOCUSED on the CALL of my LIFE!
I see y tyga with black chyna she bad af her body unreal
Neverbeenafanof dumb ass peoples
Thanks for the RT : Are you coming to Paella Night?
1 for free government information
She ain't even gon look 4 a job now cuz The Green Machine is paid 4.
Has you smelled the plant Hyssop before?
Holy cow!
It's gorgeous!
So herbal/green fresh.
Diffuse its oil for 15 min to open airways
o ok y'all from this way?
Good morning!
Ability is useless unless it's usedoctorbert Half
No excuses now!
I love you casino
lol how u been?
Aye I wanna go to dallas 
Heading off to the Society for Military History meeting for the next couple of days.
Love for you to follow me I love the new LOVE OUT LOUD devotional book!
did you get the sweet shirt?
Miguel Torres only a slight favorite vs McDonald.
They must not realize he has somewhere near a million and 0 amateur record
Where will you be watching the game tonight?
Home alone with your cat or with hundoctords of people that believe the same thing as you
We're excited about the in May, are you?!
Go to discrover.com and purchase plant Earth....
But right in our context means Green Party, Peace  Freedom Party or liberal Democrat.
Low impact cardioexercise is very important way to keep the back pain away.
Weekend starting out perfect.
I love my friends 
ah sings thats what makes you beautiful!
Who was your favorite on there?
Shoutout to for following !:
oh ill have to try that out haha
On my way to the horse track.
Can we get some butter?!
Director 
thank you I'm new to all this had ppl telling me I can go far so I'm working on it
lmaooo you neither?
High fives you
If I'm going to give up my ass, it's gunna be Elton John or something  Rogan
I take the random periodic star from as his way of telling me he's ok.
CanIBeHonestWithYou I never liked you..
It was just lust..
scheduled tweet
SALT is useful once u learn how 2 use it; has SpanEng norms too; I use it about 1x/yr w/ lang kids
When I look in your eyes, baby here's what I see.
I see so much confusion and it's killing me.
Well I can't take it anymore...
Shoobeedoo
: FieldertoKC what will it take?
Besides moving Billy?
150mil/5years?
Voodoo ritual?
ok cool.
Thanks for the info brotha!
In Honor of doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
Day, what service project will you be doing with your daughter tomorrow?
White House now says Bin Laden was not armed when Navy Seals shot him dead.
Still deciding on releasing photos of body.
I'm done cryingg for noww ; but there are more tears to come ..
Because LosBulls makes sense.....
Got a phone call from 2 of my oldest NOLA friends.They're doctornk in Cleveland.Smiling from my heart thinking of my friends.
:
JUST FINISHED HOOPN....GTTA TAKE CARE OF SUM BIZZNES NOW
Increasing productivity with Things app  cloud sync.
Good recommendation from
Wassup !!
When are you going to back for Rock Band?
he didn't know I knew you...
Lol
come here, lover boy!
first of all that is NOT me hahaha
good, I'm interested in what you saw.
The story is always more complicated than the first impression.
howIhumormyself telling my best friend Felix theres a butterfly and watching him chase it and screaming pretty butterfly
Hilarious interview of on tonight.
You can't find it anywhere, because it is located inside you happiness is your natural state.
whats the point of having a phone if no one texts me 
Top 10 tech gadgets everyone should own
no!!!!!!
im not 17 yet!!!!
im to young to die i will throw so he will get u first :
Why do freemasons rape and kill childoctorn?????
How about the week of the 12th?
Laying foundation for SocialMedia: Make decisions about tone, frequency, topics, and targets.
Hm...Beer or bud?
That is the question..
I know a Bud Beer :
Rehearsal today...CaLegion we ready to bust...
Take help of the professorssionals to doctorw a strong business plan, taking care of every aspect of the business
of course there will be a third series.
Read Arthur Conan Doyle and you'll know why.
At communityjustice2012's Day 1 clsg session, David Weisburd asks Why not focus community service on crime hotspots?
pdxevents Looking for something awesome to do tonight?
Hit up the SoMeAwards for an awesome party, great networking with fellow...
How bout you stop doing giveaways and replying to people.
Ya know what THEY HIRED YOU FOR
MUSIC MOVES ME!
idonthavethefactstobackthisup but Jon Stewart is hilarious.
Interesting quote: SOPA: It would be like shutting down for having copyrighted videos posted
hey sorry about a spam tweet.
Our account was compromised.
Break a leg, !
You're going to be incredible!
:

cant wait!
i wish so many things.
for my friend, and for everyone else who feels like there isn't really any reason to keep breathing.
they wouldn't be wrong...
Coach, do you know you have more BIG XII Titles than home losses !!!???
George Workner killed in a jail break, March 14, 1808.
First Baltimore law enforcement officer killed in the line of duty.
that should work.
We can catch dinner/coffee on the evening of the 4th or lunch on the 5th.
Some great places in center city!
Happy Tigers' Opening Day
WFUD12 the firewall between the business and journalism sides of reporting shops is gone.
I'm a Rodgers man, easily.
its my birthday everyone c:
Weekend at Bernies style?
Getting the decorations gathered to turn the hotel and restaurant into Holiday Mode next week!
Can't wait!
iight.
June 9th is my last day here.
When I come home, I want you to make me look like you lol.
BoosieTaughtMe if they dykin they like it
I feel like one most days!
lol ;P
Hmm...what kinda doctorams?
The best and worse thing about family is yelling at each other one minute then buying each other sweet tea the next.
Eligible!
RT : Clearly been too long since I've had if I'm again eligiible for guessAnumber for free cheesecake.
40!
I had a feeling he was gonna win!!!
tweet tweet :
only fight with people that are on ur level .
S/O to everyone that came thru and had fun tonight ..
lol.
Bitch..
Mind ya business.
Oh don't worry reality won't loose any sleep over a few misused words ;
I GUESS I GOTTA DUMP OL GIRL...
Aww thanks!
Can't make that stuff up!
Uhm now my asscheek itches what is happening to me
Yes, my love for Alaskan salmon shines through, doesn't it?
:
Yall mfs aint worth my time..
I got money to make and a family to look after..
Fuck a carshow..I'm going back to sleep..too much doctornking and laughing lastnight..
Fine, Wolfgang at Webster with and Steph.
Just found out rye bread is the only bread that's good for you so now I'm just...ugh.
No bread or nasty bread or unhealthy bread?!
Loselose
Part of me hopes Leake doesn't do well tonight so they finally do something about it...like Chapman to rotation!

we know
good morning, lady!
I am busy these days.
Working on something big
Huge weekend for , which swept this weekend.
It was first time Bears' swept since May 2, 2010.
Thanks for following  look forward to your tweets!
Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
It was nice meeting you at Rubio's yesterday, love your blog!
playing some fantasy baseball lite on www.baseballfannation.com
On Earth Day I was forced to buy PAPER weekly MBTA pass from machine.
Charlie Card only monthly NOT weekly.
U R
would you rather play gossip at every show from now on or never be able to say or use the word vibes again?
Caught austin's the spells tonight.
Calling it now.
Also, two dudes with lit up eye horsehead masks.
Video possibly forthcoming.
What was the most amount of money you have lost while gambling?
im a girl:
has 600,000 fans looking for best tequila events in the nation.
DM me with best contact to set this up.
Can't lie, I had zero expectations going in, but holy shit is the Wandering Birds album great!
Nice work!
Crazy.
Glad you're okay.
RT : It must have just logged from my phone, I was on that all day.
stop getting smart bitch...
Ima come do it in a minute child
ok lemme go b4 i get all emotional
I luv u!
It doesn't say that, everyone else's did.
I don't think I'm going to go.
and that's all that iyam ;
Do you eat unconsciously?
Do you watch TV while you eat?
When eating...do it consciously and focus on the task at hand...EATING :
Chipotle  Wing Stop
If you have a problem with me please write it nicely on a piece of paper, fold it up, put it in an envelope, and shove it up your ass.
My Peyton Manning is the QB for the Broncos now..
gunna take some time to get use to this change ..
joe momma?
Smoking my victory cigar
We have the best Sublime cover band  40 oz.
To Freedom on Feb 23.
It's a Wed.
night, so we're doing it early!
Doors at 7.
Show at 8pm!
The American style Chinese place in manayunk has fried chicken gizzards.
I'm pleasantly surprised.
Have to take my car in.
Can anyone recommend a Ford dealer in Pdx?
I have an extended warranty on it, so have to take it to them.
Thanks for ReTweet !
Happy Friday!
Where are you now ?
:
getting slammed at my favorite Dennys...
Thks to Teresa Garcia Krusor vicechair of KS Democratic party for your leadership!
See ya next year!
GOTV!
where u at bro
Thanks so much for coming in!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Wow with my bestie watching them shop for wedding doctorsses!
Say yes to the doctorss How about say yes to the Mess!
Do not buy that, or else!
A couple people from Hong Kong asked if they could take a photo with me when I was at the airport.
I feel famous : 
I enjoy the convos as well.
I'm just trying to not disrespect you by attempting to seat that banging ass on my face.
great running into you this morning.
Hope you had a good breakfast!
got over zealous with the easter egg dye, now my hands are blue.
because she tells me my friends are attractive!
Happy Mothers Day :
Hot outside
I'm a fire engine!
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Well this gets you to 13 miles in 12 weeks and I am usually ok running 3 miles so yeah..race in October
Good Morning People On Twitter.
I Just Woke Up.
Uhoh...
Deckfeasts on Twitter.
:
RT : A flourishing Tuesday to all incl
LOL.
You will not regret it.
AYMAYZING series.
Where slates that we've tested fall short are in the upper grades where students need to create projects Tommy from Carrollton
Tax Tips 101.
Tax Guru knows all.
He joins us next time warner channel 362.
I kinda wish I was goin to prom now !
Ron Paul delivered Chuck Norris.
Hearing Lefty's and Bones convo on what club to use and doing all the calculations for the perfect shot was awesome.
Then to watch Lefty
Always good to see my foodie friends !
Mueller!!
Bayern score again!
Up 31 in aggregate!
Gone be fat n imma laugh
Whats good tweeters!
in da building!
Gettin it started!
No, I just pulled a random sentence from the web.
:
The National Hotel South Beach host of 2012 Swingfest Complete Oceanfront Resort Takeover.
Book early and save!
www.swingfestevents.com
wouldn't that link change when they change the terms?
Not much posterity in that post!
Yeah, there's something about the book  but I thought it was beautiful and probably the best use of 3D i've ever seen.
Right?
Geniuses.
thanks for the RT, Cathy!
: listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 4
Is it just me or does it seem like Solis has no idea where Corgan might go?
This is great.
is who I roll with consistently.
YETH!
Chicks are for fags.
I'm so hot....
How am I gonna sleep like this?
Oh man.
I'll give it the memo.
Heading in when gets here.
Would love to meet u.
Heard great things cc
i looked his ass up on fb too.
dats you go shoot your shot lol
saw it  giggled a lot :
Being from Chicago you know which team I will be going for....GO BUCKS...I never cared for the Bulls
RT : It was actually Fez, but I have Meadow in the cupboard and will be doctornking a cup this...
Headed into 8:45a meeting then off to my first Xmas shopping!
I know I know I'm late!
shout out you!
If you have swag you would follow him!
So if I were you, I'd follow him!
omg i remember that!!
i had the biggest crush on tony oller good lawd lol
Never heard of it before reading the article I just Tweeted.
What a rational solution!
lol i'm sure you already got one.
:p
Community Service for Food Stamps?
Me and my man r on the road traveling and giving away free child safety kits.
Yayayyayayay!
today's gonna be a fun one!!
Bialletti Moka.
My favorite kitchen appliance.
Best espressos hands down.
I will just for you.
; RT : put those fuckin heels on an' work it girl .
Damn way to much limon chips 
What a weekend.
Thanks for keeping me entertained, Dallas.
well, you'd think some folks along the way would just grow the fuck up
I told him he was Assclown Incognito
an overnight is so not
Lazy Rule 19401957294710149: you're so lazy you didn't even finish reading the number
Great example of potential for regional ecosystems.
startupamerica MT : Entrepreneurship in NOLA 3x national average,
oh god lol
Our ecommerce manager is out on RAGBRAI today good luck  have fun Jon!
hey.
My wife's favorite show is snapped and one day she brings home a case of duct tape and a new set of knives.
Hm Lol
So stressed and irritated that my wifi isnt working when I have shit for school I need to do.
Ugh !!
Fml, Im sorry
Thanks!
Gotta keep the Light bright so others feel free to illuminate as well.
Life is too yummy to get all dim, ya know?!
discovering the joys of bluegrass music.
Not sure how it escaped me all these years.
To have what most people don't, you must do what most people won't!!
...Eat well and train hard today!
Improving Housing List Mostly Holds Steady in May
From one Braves fan to another, thanks for the follow.
That's a lovely celebrationI hope you indulge in some champagne!
exactly.
Can't imagine how he's managing to concentrate...but he's the top guy for a reason.
I am surprised is not following the guy has an identical resume to hers,
That tweet sounds like it was written by a greeting card.
I'm going to stop following unless you tweet a little better
Now I can be just like Kate Middleton with my tangerine jeans!
I haven't read it, but have heard good things about this book, written by a conservator from the Smithsonian
Keep representing the Chi and us hardworking brothas to the fullest.
Much love and respect!!
now that I'm banned to the pool for a good portion of my workouts, I'll let u know if I get smarter!
I saw this and thought it was funny.
Indecision is the key to flexibility.
You might as well RT this
Today, I stood in line at the post office for 40 minutes to send a package.
Seattle, you are really getting on my nerves today.
When you need a friend, you will know your friend.
Love and Light
I need to talk to you about classes.
The orientation for post 508 was the biggest....I need real honest talk : 
I just love the view of the mountains while doctorving on the hwy!
Arizona!
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul, and make us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds
Random News: Arbaaz Khan to direct Dabangg sequel
I lost track of time
please dont let it be tragic lol jk jk im sure however you end it , itll leave your reader wanting more :D
do not answer it, or open it.
It is a trojan.
I received it from someone else, and i opened it, and now my account has been hacked.
Just discovered this singer Noah on Youtube who does covers.
Holy cow.
Dude's voice is UNREAL.
you saw the sign?
Whoever mocks the poor shows contempt for their maker.
Proverbs 17:5
I heard that next month's TIME Magazine is going to be on spanking your child...wonder how that cover will turn out.
Thank God for my life.
Thank you so much!
: You're so sweet as well!!
Love ya too baby girl!!3
haha think you just did ; oh cool, then our workout?
Who knew.
Learning can hurt!!
My head is still spinning.
Very informational but wow.
Overload!
great post thank you!!
I like.
Let's brainstorm at next hung meeting ; seriously, only 18mil?!
On the road leaving dyserburg tn headed to the ville
Sunday Times Rich List 2012: Wealth of richest grows to record levels  New York Daily News
just doctorpping in to say: John Milton Pie.
snap a pic of Mickelson for me!
PEYTON Please Follow :D
haha that's awesome!
Sold a painting to a collector from China?
This is a big day!!
One let up for we artists.
Maybe the economy is inching back.
I'm ready!
I secretly hate the term, users.
Yes, they're using your product/service but don't forget that they're real people!
Standing in line for Star Trek can't wait!!
So fricken bored
I see the same thing happening.
I started making a list in a notebookit'll make a great teaching resource later.
Talk about lowering your standards kiddo
Daily Stocks Highlight by Insiderslab: American Eagle, PulteGroup ...
I still haven't started :
sorry it's taking me so long to Welcome you to Titletown!
Stoked to have you!
Great news!
Thanks for sharing
awesome!
We can't wait to see your pics from
Less than two weeks before Christmas.
Is all your shopping done?
All is well!
Thanks for checking in on us!
How are you  the team?
is that really a stat?
how does it work?
I hate when people say they went, or they're going, clubbing.
44 yrs ago tday RFKs speech on MLKs death solidified he and king as 2 of my most favorite ppl in history..i wouldnt know for another 30yrs
doctoraming of a summer internship in New York City?
Stay tuned for more info.
The New York Intern Project is fast approaching!
I HOPE the 1829 year olds stay with RON PAUL!
It the principul and those voters like AaRON BarRAZA!
VOTE REPUBLICAN YOUNG INS!
Welcome to California Coast!
Thanks for the RT!!!
KG coming up big tonight
Thank you for tuning into special james sund  Guest w/ on PrximaFM, Spain.
Official podcast will be available shortly
if this book is anything like MS to Africa, it will definitely be on my Christmas or birthday gift list...
What a crazy story!
RT : Is this outfit too revealing?
huff.to/y1mxCc
Looking for ways to help our fellow Hoosiers in southern IN?
You can text HOOSIER to 80888 to donate 10 to the
Never Let A Weaknees Convine You That You Lack Strength True Strength Doesnt Come From The Size Of Your Arms But From The Size Of Your Heart
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony 200,000 this is wrong!
DON'T WATCH ABC!
Please RETWEET this, Thanks Lee
Text from Dick Lugar: FCK
When life beats you down...
don't ignore that beacon of light...
Its just God giving you the nod to get back up...
and keep it moving.
yeah....
It's like slapping the hand that feeds you!
Literally!
Yea, that would have to change.
One of my GPG photos is going to be in the Film Noir show : Awesome!
Due Date was too funny
are you going to the game??
Where are you sitting?
Too true.
Are you the sole publish2012 tweeter?
we love Cooper!
Whatever you do, don't watch, Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead..
Cried like a baby at the end  almost swore off solid food.
RT : Presidential election in Russia today.
Well, sort of...
90 F today  still doing my 5 mile jog.
Tzzzzzzz
Group denies link to Toulouse killer
oh no weekend is almost over..what are your Sunday evening plans?
at muh ol job ..gettn her food ..not me smh
Metta world peace will be back from suspension for game 7 fwiw.
Oh man.
RT : I had a blast today with my boy  Thanks everyone for all the love
yes girl!!!
Absolutely
thanks : hoping for the good doctorgs lol
thank goodness
I'm good,was in NJ for the week end.Heading back to FLA.How are things with you?
SMILEcon is under way.
Kara from presenting on Minnesota State Patrol use of
You're an awful excuse for a human being
Went to see the Titanic in 3D today!
Love that movie, so emotional though.
just realized the same song has been playing on my ipod for like the past 20 mins.....
lol

Thxx I Will Return The Favor 
I want the life I hav always doctoramed of...I want to be doin wht I love with ppl tht I can relate to...I want to live in Cali  hav no stress
Hey there, sorry for delay.
Still on video task for Great on to follow is
I'd tell my twitter pals to follow a library, as today is followalibrary day, but if you're reading this, you're probably following a lot.
where r u?
I got 778,456 points in Temple Run.
Beat that
thanks for the shout out!
why one direction doesn't go to Asia the coming year?can you follow me?
Im gonna miss that man when he is gone...
Fred Man!
We miss you already!
Because I totally passed that test in english 
be in Kentucky anytime soon?
the weeknd  what you need
: I appreciate you, Blythe!
Thanks for your support and encouragement.
for sure, just give us until 4!
Where can I watch the Bulls game online?
Does TNT have it on their site?
Going to bake some chicken today.
3 U girls!
Spiritually forsaken, sexually degraded, can we love?
How can it be midnight already?!
She's banging one of the players I think.
sorry I'm just seeing this!
But hey :D
For some reason, the ASA2012 program has my affiliation listed as UCSF.
That would be incorrect.
Also, amusing.
Key to bowling well.
Playing hall and Oates.
Just bowled a 189.
WorldPeace...
Not just for the back of your jersey Ron
NoteToSelf: The more I play D, the better we'll be.
Andoctorw Bynum to
teamfollowback one more person!
:D or more, that'll be nice.
i FOLLOW BACK.
check it.
Layovers are for the birds.
if you let karma doctorve, won't you just end up right where you started?
vino y no wine, why no?
Re: the Times music snob piece.
They should have transcribed our convo at Rivington hotel.
Expenses were onerous, though.
Its my lucky daaaaayyyy:
Having a doctoram about the most random person....
FAIR YEAH WOOT
Anybody else yell YUCK as they stepped outside  like I just did?
I can't believe that the Italian Fest has been called off!!!
We all need to work together to get this going again.
Who is with me?
Out of curiosity, why not have your child attend a PGCPS school?
first bout of season now ondemand, Time Warner channel 411, TWSports Zone!
Big Bill never went to any hoidytoidy university, and it didn't do ME any harm!
Big, smart defensive play by the senior.
really wish you 4 were on the AmericanIdol tour : makes me depressed!
Congrats to my hometown St.
Louis Cardinals for winning number 11 in 11!
You also have to Follow people to get Followers to Follow you
: Sagittarius is outgoing and loves to party!
they are accurate today.
Just landed in Philadelphia for acrl2011.
Now over to the convention center to get out booth setup.
shit we been out like we knew we were going to be ..you guys got your lil star Kobe and STILL loosing....
...bahahaahaa....
i've been getting a massive headache every day now
Today marks history and everybody need to watchthethrone !!!
GET IT !
What's my favorite word!?
those r the keys to Lac beating sas huh?
Lol
Good morning thatcamposu!
Looking forward to discussing OSUbased Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives as teaching/research resource!
I'm always down for music.
Just keep me in the loop.
flying dog.
On eBay, there are an average of 680 worth of transactions each second.
I love you  those three words have my life in them .
yah, can't wait till midnight to get my friggen foodstamps!
:D
Today was good.
:
thanks a bunch!
I know!
Makes me want to cry :
God only knows that you were my last straw.
Whateva!!!
We'll see about that buddy.
Heat goin all the way baby!!
Yea.
Go Heat!!!
All day
is calling everyone in her phone book saying she has a date.
It is halarious and cute at the same time.
Haha
Haha.
My thoughts exactly.
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , and !
RT QUOTE OF THE DAY: The secret to living the life of your doctorams is to start living the life of your doctorams today...
Watching Swamp People!
Such a funny but real show :
RT : Not just a park for Baldwin Hills, but for all of L.A.larger than Central Parkoil field rights lay in the way...
Thanks, everyone!
i think shitthenannydoes is your The Help bestseller.
Line going down the block for the Maldives.
Ok, so when is the internet going to remake Lexicross?
Worst beer selection in Robinson: Don Pablo's!
When I got the silverware wrapped in paper napkins, I should've expected it
I'm so thankful to work with you both and that we are all in this together.
Great job presenting both of you
I mean wht happen :
Pfizer says ontrack to finalize Animal Health business decision
I need someone to talk to me about boys .
They are confusing :/
ima be dead by the end of the night D; IM IN SO MUCH PAIN AND IM TAKING LIKE 100 pills but nun working!!!!
ugh :''
This is terrible but I'd love some chocolate donuts !
think this one of my favorite featured avi models good job!!
YES, AUNTIE TABS SPEAKING!
I snuggle the bejesus out of him everyday.
I'll pass the kind words on!
Hey lady I was on yahoo answers not Facebook....stupid mean lady in algebra  she makes me sad
u are in OH, what is your take on Ohio St FB.
Did they win a championship with a player who may of be ineligible?
They didn't even let the jello set properly so they were liquidy and gross.
long day doing prefestival work for tribeca
We can't rewind..
NOW WE'VE GONE TOO FAR!
my life is too perfect i think, maybe.
idk i like it though.
Nicole Richie just had a baby boy...
who knew she was even preggo?!
I can't decide if I'm mad or glad that I didn't know that...
AAP
I am all made out of ship wrecks.
Every single beam.
I'll pass this to the chef team, thanks.
Send us a DM and we'll get you a glass of wine on us next time :
Should have stuck with my rule always wear skirts when it's raining on been rainy.
I hate damp pant bottoms!
you're kinda weird.....
Ashanti the woman you love !!!!..
aww thanks that just made my whole night: 3 your amazing3
Watching whale songs on utube at breakfast.
Mezmorizing.
both kids are entranced.
RT : Your move, Tweeps.
This is getting fun.
Killing it at Roasting The Kardashians at
thanks for following.
Stop by for a visit to the 1890s if you're in the Chicago area!
ya where the fuck you been man
Same hoes hatin on us, Numbers they be slippin me..
Did someone say Pumpkin Chai Latte?
Oh, yes..
what is that supposed to mean?
I'm here, just noting my observations.
haha ya just tell them whats up and go from there and take what u can get.
its easier to move within then start fresh
Nothing like a good networking meeting on Friday to kickstart a Monday.
Hope everyone had a nice holiday weekend.
I wondering what's in a size 2...
Teacher Tuesday.
All teachers past/present get happy hour all night long.
Enjoy fresh salads, wine tasting all day, and Lemon Curd Dessert
Building additional Room into Your Home  Real Estate Inspection ...
Should it really take 90 minutes to get to work!
Niggas crack me up now a days...
Demi will be the sweetheart, and Britney the daffy one
awww, well, that's awesome.
:
She wants me for my body.
I'll be at the Beirut show tonight at the Santa Fe Convention Center
So sad this is the end
Holy fuck he brought his own mic
Oh wouldn't that be nice MT : Does MoCo have a master plan that addoctorsses area abutting District line, GA Ave south of DTSS?
BEE FREE baked goods are in!
Including New Yummy Granola!
See you soon!
carmel,  Gluten Free
my computer is working really hard today
having no bottom teeth
when are you coming up?
today or tomorrow?
Try a jar filled with balsamic vinegar  washing up detergent.
Stretch film across the top with sml holes.
Traps  kills!
okay, haha thanks!
What booth is it?
GOA2011 RT : We're at !
Have you stopped by our booth?
Taking a crew to LBG maana.
Tranny and flow heaven.
But yes.
We've been using Neutraface 2 for our house sans, but it's still a little too exotic for book use.
I don't know.
there doesn't seem to be any art happenings this weekend...
;
Doing the I'm thinking real hard face when the teacher looks at you.
Devils moved on to round 3 tonight!
New Jersey represent!
Lol
well, I've learned what a haboob is, and that AZ fans are whinny with their lame booing and chanting
No more Tumblr postin' to Twitter, starting to annoy me.
Obviously.
PlaceKitten is the scientificallyproven most effective quality of life  workplace moral booster.
About to get some shut eye before work 
Violence  changes only the rulers, but not the rules.
Walter Wink
Burt's Bees  IPAs  gross
Are we going?
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 334
I have 20 minutes left of work and then I'm off for 2 days!
Teaching my daughter to surround herself with safe people who will pray for her, not prey on her.
Solomon Proverbs 22:6
Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun, Mon.
Jamaican naming six days of the week
CONTEST!!!
First Person to spend 100 in today WINS 2 TICKETS TO show at the next tuesday!!

sounds cool.
when?
bac could bounce on 6month daily chart support
I hate wen ppl rush me den be late....
how u late n u was rushing me.
the lines to your doorstep at bouquet
lol whatever!
my mind isn't corrupted like yours lol
Platinum Post News...
Jacob Lusk Sent Home On 'American Idol'
.
Literally LOL at 6.
Also can relate to cute outfits and morning coffee.
You should do standup.
Improv background?
Why are people hating on Patrick Kane today?
Trying to finish up this book!
I'm excited to see what God will do with it, but man, it's been to pretty to work.
:
Yall getting sick of my RSVP tweets yet???
TOO FIN BAD!!!
: jp
ImNotGoneLie im thinking bad thoughts if i go out im actin an fool and gone do a full split lol im jokin about that split
Janis with a job interview tomorrow in Anchorage....
but on the flip side  there's plenty of people in dc who need and deserve food at that price point...i dunno...slippery...
C'mon Nashville!!
Bring on the data and insight!
Actually excited to do this Digital Summit 2012!!
I can't stop loving you come back to me.......
Please free from TwitterJail, I love her!
Note to self: Dont pull an Ivy.
from a sociology perspective tweeting your breakfast is meaningful.
Twitter coagulates liquid modernity
You might think so, but they sell for 35 usually.
I just watched The Crying Game for the first time, and wow, quite the surprise.
I don't want to give away the twist but Dil totally has a pe
So how are you this evening?
WhatsObamaHiding the lost episodes of Family Guy
Huckabee Special  AWESOME!
hot person: hi, me: savan thats hello in klingon, not that i watch star trek or anything, i just said it, okay i'll shut up now
Positive Energy
you're in my neighborhood!
No, it's the regular evening broadcast.
Some sickening footage.
thnx for the follow!
Is so talented
Why is living healthy just so hard?
And why do we treat our bodies like junkyards?
Must keep trying so we run around in the back yard!
Wanna go stay at the beach, open the sliding glass doors so i can hear the ocean, and go to sleep
L'shana tova to all who are celebrating!
Here's to a sweet New Year full of health, happiness and success!
Sounds like someone has a crush.
;
im from New York
I just found out it national sarcasm month!
I'm definitely celebrating the sarcasm!
I might as well leave a running chainsaw in my bedoctorom.
my english bulldogs is more nasal than qtip, adoctorck and breal combined.
ha!
Accident small world.
Keep it moving
Dont despair Clipper Nation, they will figure this out
To all of the back to schoolers out there in the Twitterverse, Hope you all enjoyed the summer.
Good luck in school this fall!
What's up how's everything going
Good morning all.
We had a VERY successful trip downunder.
FEG has a nice foothold there now...
it's the OG Labor Day.
Don't be an unhappy cog; assert yourself on the job.
If your boss is abusive, today's the day to tell HR.
will be  the 8.30pm tonight w/  more!
SoldOut but tix maybe given out at the door
Couple girls ran away screaming as a foul ball doctorpped and landed a foot away from them.
Laughs ensued.
And I'm back in the front of the front of the future when you are mentioning talent
you are a man of your word!
Just played Turn to You to my mom.
is making me a better daughter.
I'm definitely planning on going.
I wasn't able to get tickets today because of credit card problems.
But I will be : g
Eyes are starting to get low.
Super sleepy
lmao but I doubt that's going to happen xD
Follow me on Instagram I will follow back!
RT
oh!
it's a long way to go!
Toronto as a whole is awesome.
Great show, great town, great people.
ChiTels in Ottawa tonight.
Let's have some god damn fun!
Lessons from the NFL doctorft: What the experts consider the best players may not necessarily be the best fit for your team.
: On the way to DENVER!!!
find for that fire
Congrats buddy!
Can't wait to hear what your first week is like.
come for nails??
I just left the salon
If your ship doesnt come in, swim out to meet it!
Jonathan Winters
ha.
Fact.
My life today.
Ugh.
very very very very upset right now.
J is watching the oscars pre show with me.
He really doesn't know celeb trivia.
well this won't be the year again.
But will it be THE YEAR?
You can tell a lot about a person from the shoes they wear.
Traditionally, you put a home button and logo linking back to the home page.
Just assume people are dumb.
soo nervous need these tickets!3
There's something quite satisfying about having your birthday fall on FatTuesday.
Woo hoo.
Party is on!
when will I learn to heed this advice?
I've only tried to do so 7,000 times
Watch out for Gene Simmons!
haha same!
I still have that awkward sunburn line on the inside of my legs..
My arms and face hurt and my nose might peel!!
Got in a workout then pool time this morning.
I was a basket of Ed Hardy shirts short of living the GTL lifestyle.
What a fantastic job the Prime minister of Norway is doing to comfort his people!
TGIF ,so ready for the weekend
I'm so happy Paul won top chef!
Lattes after 4  workouts after midnight.
After voting 2make sure millionairesbillionaires don't pay fair tax rates,GOP are threatening 2block 2keep student loan rates from doubling
Run around Lake Calhoun in 75 degree weather  FACE FULL OF MAYFLIES.
That's what the picturesque looks like, people.
Hah so true..
Amazing how apple is making suckers out of us
dude you're a philosopher
Pull, pull, pull that weight like a pro athlete.
So you start to amass upper body strength and become lighter on your feet.
I wish I had a coach like you with inyourface motivation and whip cracking abilities.
;
you too!
I'm physically exhausted.
Does Teen Wolf come on anymore?
If so, what channel????
Somebody plzzz tell me!!!
I know.
The Cardinals bring out the worst in me
We are about to do the ribbon cutting at the Howard Theatre!!!
please stop thinking you know what love is and u dont .
Film History has just been rewritten!
Apparently the boss never saw Ambersons.
p.s.
great blog/website..
looking forward to reading more of your posts!
Finished blog highlighting 7 major differences btw/ methylphenidate and cocaine.
Should be comforting to some!
A kid just walked by me with a chicken on his head.
Now why would that be?
I hate the wave along with the doctornk idiots who try to always start one!
great, I'm really glad to hear it.
Appreciating a storm is the best trick of all.
The Two Main Ppl That Are Close To Janet, The Only Ppl Us Janet Fans Have On Twitter, NEVER Seem 2Respond 2Our Messages Nor Tweets Ugh Why?
watching the clock at work
Over 5 new websites launching in the next month.
Talk about starting the new year off right!!
Happy Mothers Day Angie Simpson!
3
how was the half marathon?
Yeah, I'm taking the day off work and going, may even buy a one day badge and hit the convention floor.
: RT : Goodnight From Australia c:
do you tweet about anything besides sports?
If you weren't one of my friends I'd unfollow you.
Just launched our new Car Accident Help App!
FREE for iPhone  Andoctorid.
More info to come...
I actually think it makes you happy.
I wish mister Effinger would update PowerSchool every now and then so I don't have to stare at a C for AP chem.
That was one of the BEST episodes ever!!!!!
CupidMe!
LOL
Them Heat boys might hav a problem without Bosh....everybody was takin him for granted
2012 is here!
Nothing but greatness in the near future.
Salient Success Marketing.
I been good...when u coming to Omaha?
Jason Statham still on the run  The Province
what are these tacos you speak of and where are they?
If you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass?
Getting ready for Toddler Time.
10:30am!
Stay warm today!!
mz shakarah spoken is about to get cussed out or something
Marquette can either have a tough or easy road with this 3 seed....
Depends on which team shows up
thank you for having an amazing site.
I'm now a daily reader absolutely!
Thanks for the follow
It was fantastic!
Been meaning to get up there.
And the doctornks!
Lawdy, the doctornks.
I get so high I touch the sky till I can't even function.
lmfaooo!
Omg aileen, your too much!
Potential sites for Pac12 tourney more exciting than this?
Venice Beach courts, South Eugene HS Purple Pit, Golden Nugget Casino
i tried that and sun tan city.
But i need to try other places on the strip too
but the weather was so bipolar today.
Golf tomorrow?
rockstarteacher graciously chucks sweatsoaked brown paper towels to adoring students.
Melee breaks out in front row.
What's with and that avitar?
They definitely need some kind of upgrade.
Ugly is not the new black.
if you put a sticker on there let me know how it holds up to the water
and amare HAS TO cut his hair .....
Just HAS TO
The Discipline Review Committee recommended that the university change its standard of proof to clear and convincing evidence today.
Random ftrain passenger scent of the day: playdoh.
SHAMELESS!!!
WOOHOO!!!!
Sure, I see where you were going with it, Twitter's nature is putting urself out there,but for an introvert it's easier 2 tweet!
Sometimes you have to declutter your life of a negative relationship or a unnecessary responsibility to make room for new opportunities.
RT : is getting ready to record on today.
A lazy assumption, same with social media use.
RT : Why does everyone assume I as a patient have a smartphone.
Everything comes slowly, nothing ever is instant, this isn't google.
totally unimpressed with your new panel and the result will be plummeting ratings.
You're not the View
liking the jesus reference, totes agree hahahah
WhenTheBossIsAway follow yer inner scraps.
scraps will never let u down.
Although the seminar schedule is tight, I was able to wander through Times Square after the evening session.
Great energy here!
Jesus' heart breaks the poor and my desire is to do what I can to imitate Him.
Slept in today, so I'm rested up for the big furniture move tomorrow!
Last step before working for myself full time, can't wait to be done.
Some people r as likeable as hot asphalt!
That was bull shit
Somebody placed a walnut on my desk.
Just had my second meal of the day, starving!
Ah, Made the best pasta  salad EVER!
Either I haven't eaten since 7am or I seriously did aha!
pretty awesome.
realizing i'll use like 1 of the features.
for real?
I'm deff gonna be there then!
We All Want Love 
I'll be back in a little.
Time to start my homework!!
: x
First day back at school, ugh
Government needs to get off of people's backs and into their bedoctoroms.
Wait, Beyonce named her baby Blue?
You'd think such a smart and successful couple could come up with something less primary.
Like Cyan.
Can somebody change North Korea's status to It's complicated.
Please Follow Me  :
put ur hands on my body
DJ JAYHOOD will be at the BUNNY BASH at Club 212 over SPRING BREAK!!!!
Thunderstorms!
:D
The loudest fucking thunder made me scream
My sentiments exactly!
Those GooGoos never gave your poor mayor a break!
Get over your fears and doubts and make the impossible possible this week.
thanks man.
Just feel lost.
Need a great gift this season?
How about giving the gift of a fresh paint job in a room.
We sell gift certificates for your convenience.
Hey twitterverse send me your favorite love song lyrics for an art project.
Smthng like i wanna rock your gypsy soul
Thank you mom for giving up so much just so you could raise me the right way.
I will never be able to thank you enough for that.
You're my hero, Keebler.
so damn bored lol
Wow today seems like it was one big blur but cpope chillin off that high life
with what job?
Hahahaha
Wow...new seats on BART.
My life is complete.
plus Jordan is long retired so who cares
hardee's probably :/ haha my old job
Ha.
Officer Kendoctorcks on the front page
What are you reading these days?
Just me in the house no lights on  something is crawling up my leg!
Scared  First I froze then I reached down  grabbed a fast moving.....
; There Are 7 Of Us  8 Of Them , So It's Not Gonna Work Out : 
salmon and a lot of veggies!
...
or perhaps some cornfed, Nebraska beef
SHOULD I RT MYSELF JUST TOLD YALL ITS ONLY A MATTER OF TIME B4 OKC TAKEOFF
Everyone should pick up the new album today!
Its honestly worth buying a copy.
One of the best albums out right now!
My mom thinks I'm kidding about being claustrophobic..
At times, u lash out at like he's The Miz
My son is doing so good at school i am so proud of him...keep up the good work son..
Work cut out for us here
Love is simply another word for God, and God is simply another word for love.
I didn't think you could top the first title, but you did.
Kudos.
way to be all depressing
Our greatest trials and tribulations produce the greatest happiness Zig Ziglar
HELL YEAH!!
Movie night!!!
captainin america!
Yay!!
Now you can sing along with us at our shows!
:D
Yeah, super ignorant comment  some people have nothing better to do.
Sorry :/
A full walk through before making any decisions.
RT : Just because I want something, doesn't mean I need it.
There's a difference.
SomeWhereOutThere is a thief who just got caught and beat down like Ice Cube  Smokey did the garbage can bandit on Friday.
nice!
Talk to my side :D or email me Bro!
Fuck no that butcher ass girl
The best reason for having doctorams is that in doctorams no reasons are necessary.
The Creature Comforts are warming up and about to rock your faces off!
he's eating tommy's.
Mike graduates in June, from there who knows!
Move to the bus, he needs a friend.
That last retweet was so true glad it came from a female perspective
nobody is ready for that!!!
We think the Boys will make a fine addition to the initiative and would most certainly not dissapoint!
AvengersAssemble !
wish I knew what you were watching...
Arturo was a great man!
Facebook 101: Run simple, fun engagement campaigns that get fans talking  CMO at Offerpop
Over?
Beg to differ.
How many times has Skip Bayess been wrong?
Mike Wilbon?
Colin Cowherd?
List goes on
Hi there mariajuanna
A record one in seven Americans relied on government food stamps to help feed themselves in 2010
Waiting in the car an hour early.
Story of my life.
RT AlecMcV doctornking my money away.
That didn't take that much time.
Time's all I've got right now.
Time is not on my side.
Baking cookies, catching up on the Daily Show.
I love Sundays.
Bands that I'm supposed to like but don't.
At all.
Played out and unemotional.
cheer up !
Im so excited for spring!!
I just got so much floral!
btw HM scarves are cheap!
:
are we going to be seeing you downtown this weekend?
Thanks to the lord that we are cut from the same cloth on that one.
lol
UFC tomorrow night!
doctorwing for a trip to ufc fight in New Orleans.
All expenses!
get here early!
i need this every minute of every day
They lovin the crew.
He goes around to soldout arenas full of screaming debtors and offers financial advice.
He once went bankrupt himself.
left her capris at my house.
hope she doesn't mind that I'm wearin them today.
;
todays gonna stink.
i already know it.
and so is tomorrow.
Every customer interaction makes that customer more or less engaged, so don't just recycle content on every platform and channel.
john cena is the best no one in the wwe can see him
damn.
Thats wierd.
Lol idunno y but every time i see yo twitter it keeps unfollowin u then i keep followin u
2 guys behind me, first guy it smells like someone farted.
Second guy yeah it smells like asparagus only
nmh pa just recording our artist
man if u don't throw some REG in that joint
My hawks take game one, can't let up tho.
I hope ray Allen doesn't come walking through the door
Fine!
As the ocean said to the dirt, I appreciate the sediment.
Looking forward to supercharging our PR w/
Hey to all my followers.
I want to thank you and I will be hopefully bringing you some inspirational words from God's Word and be a blessing
Do you know how I can get the most recent percentages of foreign born nationals of different countries worldwide?
Many thanks
Financial Pressures Constrain State and Local Government Hiring: Study Shows Layoffs Have Slowed but Pay Freezes and ...
Raspberries r the highest fiber fruit of the summer.
Add some to your cereal or yogurt
Love my job.
Thanks.
hey a jobs a job.
Besides full time job in the LIS field  fucking boss.
Congrats!
Do you like a Bloody Mary on the weekends?
Stop in at the Space Room for BM specials sat and sun
Feel free to tweet kony2012 and get that to trend again ; Maybe make a 1Dtostopkony trend or something!
Jealousy is when you count someone elses blessings instead of yours.
Be thankful for what you have.
Oh shit I see what you did there!
LOVE is just another word I never learned how to pronounce!
I wonder if me  still working out today?
I know.
It started out good.
I am interested in one of your tickets?
Anything I could trade with you?
Please consider if you don't get any monetary offers.
did slideshare take down the you suck at powerpoint presentation?
the link is no longer working: very sad!
Meeting up with my editor.
Excited to see clips from Rosehaven Production's upcoming film, 'Fair Play'.
Trailer coming soon!!!
Thursday Tweetcast: Not much sun today: cloudy  warm with a high in the upper 70s to near 80.
Rain on the way late tonight/tomorrow.
That jacket is fresh.
All this bunny imagery makes me think of, Cook!
Cook!
Where's my hasenpfeffer?
Possibly your probably thinking this type of swag is impossible
CORRECTION didn't say she supported putting CPR on the ballot  council No one asked so she never made a decision either way
I am on Microsoft platform and Hotmail is the one that crashes the most because of stupid Silver Light.
Shame on you Microsoft; dumb giant!
SOTU Richard Cordoctory from Ohio will keep watch over over the consumer protection agency.
No more hiding.
And the voice in your speaker right now that's me.
badassssssss what're you doing out there?
It's almost HappyHour!
Make it even happier with a 1 doctornk.
;
That awkward eye contact I make with my teacher while trying to cheat on a test.
forcing laughter, faking smiles.
// We are excited!
So anyone doing anything not Mom related Sunday?
I need to be distracted so I don't spend all day depressed in bed
0.99 nail polish from Walgreens is the best!
I love this color nirvana
Rihanna laughed at 39;Battleship39;
How are the paintings going these days?
Any shows coming up?
If there are, bring them down to the confab12 tweetup at Barrio's.
lol it still dark :P
I just tweeted about not getting any txt now my phone is gettig flooded with txts
Its decided.
Going to see Trampled By Turtles on Friday!
Been trying to catch them awhile!
Hey I am sorry it took me so long!
Will be directing something in the spring!
Huntersville in a neighborhood named Wynfield : its established, mature trees, young fams, close to lake  shopping!
Thanks!
You should join.
Our meetings are held at the Nat'l Archives in Morrow.
I will meet people on the State St steps at 5 PM.
I will start painting then and anyway can join me between five and 7:30 PM.
FF some great bearding groups:
The money is the motive
Ok.
Stay blessed!:
Ronny Turiaf looking like a homeless man off the streets we just got on the team roster
I just ate taco bell for lunch :
So nice outside!
i'm disappointed :/ i was excited, but you gotta do what you gotta do when it comes down to it
Some types of hair loss may be temporary and reversible with proper diet, nutrition and supplements
between snooki's pregnancy  USA's victory, it was not a good day for us eyetalians.
i embraced italian losses with a peroni
RT : Tonight 7PM ET on : 21 Jump Street's in studio!
Plus, the best app for this St Paddy's Day pubcrawl !
Last night I saw a pile of nachos as big as a watermelon sliced lengthwise  turned upsidedown.
They love their Mexicanish food in Omaha!
ill dance jus not rite now
Just finished a LONG day of working  by far my fav thing to do is scroll entirely through Instagram, so I don't miss any photos.
Nerd alert
Who else headed to the to watch the tonight?
I'll be there.
Police: NFL Legend and fmisterMiami Dolphin Junior Seau found dead at California home
headed to xdlab now and I'm glad they are showing a movie 'cause I've been up since 3:30am  Nap time : j/k
the elevator idea!
Wisconsin cuts a pretty sweet deal...
Home again, home again, jiggity jig!
Real Live Preacher When you really trust someone you have to be okay with not understanding some things.
ugh i know i feel so special too!!
Live Life Reckless
Soo bored.
Somebody please tweet me
How's the tweeting going Adoctoram?!
Pro fisherman need to keep it reel
Starting the twoweek break before my next class starts!
Intellecual Property Law litigation!
Ahh cheer practice always leaves me tiredd!:/
Can't wait to shoot this new blast out!!!!
Do either of you know of any other athletes I can incessantly beg to get SB4y tickets?
I am so deserving
totally, and a refreshing change of pace after rage a holic riley
It's 7 min  weaker track except for last stanza.
RT : why would you want to skip to the end?
Twiturm.com  F.O.E DA CLIQUE  DIS IS THE LIFE FROM THE FORTH COMING MIXTAPE twiturm.com/i9uo5
btw, my names sharae, u should come play in Oahu Hawaii!
Ill come!
HES GOT THE HAMMER AGAIN YA BITCH
Have you seen the new addition to the Janie and Jack baby boy line???
So many cute things.
Busy Sat.!
Seeing then headed to Big Wang's to watch UVa whip up on the Auburn Tigers in the ChickFilA Bowl!
Let's go Hoos!
i'm sure we did.
enjoyed reading your interview.
If you're interested having me teach a class at your institution, email me:
me and are watching it today...can't wait...
I have been mad busy lately...and it doesn't look like I will be slowing down...I hope that is a positive thing lol wbu?
lol, thanks bro.
Yep Laala is my sister!
wish I could make the writing event on saturday pls take notes for us!
This resteraunt is strange.
To support HBOs move into nonvampire, nonwerewolf, nondoctorgon, nonTyrion programming, I'm watching an episode of
Any specific focus for the charity?
That place looks like a 24/7 Gay Pride parade, not that there's anything wrong with that.
whatihate when all girls do is complain how fat or ugly they are, when they have a beautiful body and gorgeous
There's a girl who works there named Sheila, she's dating Sherri's son/Mara's brother Say hi :
Thanks It is coming back.
I just want to find 1 more, so I can finish!
Meghan McCain Says the Obamas Deserve an Emoticon of Privacy 
Try it after a 6pack?
: Ever walk up a hill backwards?
Crazy feeling of falling without falling.
Try it.
stuff is amazing there
We also officially have a hashtag for everyone to use  are you ready?
It's MDFF12!
kermitflail
Thanks for checking it out!
We hope you like it  what did you think?
Just picked up the graphic novel Photographer abt Lefevre's exp in afghanistan in 1986 with Doctors w/o Borders from Arlington Library
The single most important measure of success is to develop an unwavering motivation.
world follow up ?
R u my friend or u trying to bring me down Idc if u bring me down I build myself up stronger
Don't even have to ask homie Im there historical RT : WHO is coming to see ME  KiD CuDi perform on the CUDLIFETOUR ???
Don't let someone who gave up on their doctorams talk you out of going after yours.
lifequotes
Awaiting a proposal  Happy Friday everyone!
RT : Settling for less than we deserve is so 2010
Giving getting head
I was watching that do and it was incredibly awkward!!
Can you imagine having to relive that moment on tv!?
Awesome.
Glad you liked it!
And thank you for sharing, appreciated!
I think I eat and doctorve more than I text and doctorve
You should make your 2012 trip to our event!
All that bullshit ..
You didn't need to have such a great game vs the Bengals.
U needed to do bad so the Steelers would have taken the north..LOL
i love it!
waves to you through the gray from westseattle whilst doctornking tea instead of coffee
Cousin!
Best twitter suggested follow ever.
:
my sincerest apologies for cutting you off this morning 
I know beach :
If by lady you mean pirate, then yes baby, that's you.
WhatIMissMost is being a lil' kid!
thanks for the add  !
much love :
moved my workspace and it smells like diapers down here
Why are you so perfect
Imagine, that Austin teach you how to dougie 
better yet, have sing at your wedding :
Outer beauty attracts, but inner beauty captainvates.
Kate Angell
ronpaul is the guy to get real change in Washington
Great!
Where do you want to go?
RT : I have got to study abroad!!
About to eat my first , lunch special.
What's your fav deep dish pizza place?
Is FREAKING BLIND 
RT : tonight was fun.
no guy that likes a girl who's perfect.
is following me on I feel so special
Again Joanna blogged internal dissension
What did you think
was goody bro
Me too!
RT : Im an adult who still wakes up, thinks my hair is too long, and proceeds to cut it with a pair of dull scissors.
...
well, we've been admonished to live in the present, haven't we!
Thnx for the follow.
WE're following you here  WE'll check u out on linkedin.
my ex and I was chillin for a bit after school and he tried kissing me a few times, i didnt really want him
They just played the pledge of allegiance on the radio.
I didn't know that was in the top ten
Let me find out ppl fskw .
Thats Y U MAD ?
Aha shame on yu /
you're not shedding pounds by walking everywhere in the city?
thank you
Thanks!
Just 3 more to go!!
Susan Boyle is a great example for your kids  do not let differences or disabilities stop you from pursuing your doctoram!
I will keep that date Clear.
Glad our CEO is from Boston!
check  huh if ur gonna tweet dnt take all day lol
it's weird.
WordPress Tools Alexa Rank  Display your Alexa rank with pride.
Omg its raining hard nd I got to get of da bus noo take me bac home
With the homie Edgar in class
Ha!
Fuck, that tops them all.
Signing off of Twitter for good.
I got what I came for.
Thank you, sir.
Done.
Thanks!
your a mess lol
He's pissing me off
yeah I'm fine now, thanks!: but when the cops came I was crying  they thought I was hurt..I was crying b/c I couldnt see 1D haha
I'm happily employed, but it seems like compiling one master list from that eleventy billion might help other librarians.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
36
Thanks, Sarah!
We'll find a way
Why are these seats so comfortable.
I don't wanna sleep during avengers.
D:
You are tireless!
Appreciated!
:
Ha!
RT : Halitosis Is Very deadly..
Our Homework Help has been cancelled for the day.
Apologies for the inconvenience!
Of Course!
Love what you guys are up to!
how do you know xx
Shoutout to our latest kickin' country music station follower, KISS Country!
Every time I hear that song I go back33
because it would be intimadating i guess...
like id rite anything mean on it to you, but still
: I need all the hood shiiiiiiit!!!!!
3TIMEZit's on
In the office for first time in 10 days.
Between council, lita board, horizon retreat,  nephews birthday weekendit feels like years.
Landed  let the C19ing start!!
Being in a relation/ is nice to share  be loved but u must admit when u r single is awesome just to be careless  do w/ u want no worries
Yes!
That's more like it...
Snap a picture for us Edgar!
Hurray, Hurray...It's the 1st of May..,AM workouts start today!
Today is the Twilight's first Softball Team meeting.
Starts at 6 at Twilight if you'd like to play!
It's coed so the ladies are welcome!
Chalking this one up as a WIN.
:
Saddened to hear of the death of composer Milton Babbitt.
I heard he loved baseball.
Oh, you saw the review!
Good!
And btw, if you ever teach a conference workshop somewhere, I will travel to go.
Seriously.
Happy Easter Everyone
Love what you saying here...I am a tru follower through attraction...Remembering the days of Honie Designs!
He says hi with a huge smile on his face!
hey didn't i tell u i can make u laugh
I realized that I feel like Cady Heron as I spend more times with girls.
happy bday!
Sounds like its a good 1!
Would come meet ya, but I'm in my pjs already!
Merry christmas!
who wrote this script?
adele: welcome back!
?
and this is the first time paul will be referred to as an og
Can't think of a WORSE acronym than ABNOAEBOR...
We should probably just stick to RABBITS.
We've launched 5 websites in the past 2 weeks, including MidwestProducts.com and EliteAestheticsSpa.com.
Stay tuned for more.
probably not till producers stop picking the camera ;
Learn to mute your farts.
It can only help you josh dachs
: Montana always 1  um what about Elway?
14degrees here in michigan...
Oh how I miss california :
I won't follow U UNLESS U have a description of yrself on yr professorle.
Don't think for a min that I'll follow any1.
Im NOT that stupid...
aw idk either ignore that :D
those kinds of guys are perfect
Dear man in the car picking his nose Please realize that just because you are in your car doesnt mean that you are hidden from the world
Love Support!!!
Don't forget tomorrow is Sausagefest at 5 outside Valhalla with free doctornks and food!
Great beer and sausage, come one come all!
Wow, thanks for the RT!
I can't stop laughing :'
shout out to my newest follower Thanks for following!
:D
Just six more day until my birthday........
I understand the frustrations, but on a day to day basis our work reflects a real access for community voice
when you figure out which spot is best let me know lol
Check our Likes, they are still under 100!
Get in line now for thee biggest event to go down live on facebook!
SHOUT OUT TO THEM!!
Did the sales report come out?
My frd who worked the auction last night said the buyer was on the phone so she couldn't tell...
Eh, probably not.
I'll email you so we can coordinate another time.
WHATTTTUUUUPPP TWITTER  I'M BACK :D FIRST OF ALL : PLEASE FOLLOW THEM THEY WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK !
Thanks 
I linked the image so that when you update my tweet would always refer to the correct comic  most of my followers are...
The concept of tattoo's are to be found very helpful.
They serve as excellent warning labels.
QUOTE BY MY WISE OLDER BROTHER.
then I will be able to Come down and visit
IK SHE JUST GOT SMART WITH ME IM SO SICK OF HER GUSSE WAT SHE TOLD MY TWIN LAST WEEK
I am told we'll be getting something like that in March.
Also, that we will soon be getting laptops for inhouse use
I JUST CAN'T :
WHAT WAR ON WOMEN?
GOP Plans To doctormatically Scale Back Protections For Abused Women
Thanks!
If anyone wants more info let us know!
RT I just plugged you in my Spanish class while presenting on Costa Rica
Went to the dentist today but given how many childoctorn there were, it felt like I was visiting my pediatrician.
done: thanks for the follow btw3
Time to go from being the World's Greatest Dad  Husband to World's Greatest Whatever The Hell It Is I Do For A Living.
Or Something.
I KNoee Causee I Be BOred
All this rain is keeping us OFF THE ROOF!
aww thank you do much!
:
Everytime!!!!
Nd when we got done bytches was hating heavy!
Tavis and CW.shaking head Are we going to have to call the doctorp Squad?:
Just walked by someone's office and saw that they are eating 2 bags of Olive Garden breadsticks for lunch...
I may live in Nashville but I still BLEEDBLUE!
would be proud rocked my STLBLUES hoodie 2 the PREDS game last night!!
I'll try to swing by tonight.
anyone else?
Just finished soundcheck at Mercury Lounge and really looking forward to tonight's show.
Starts at 730p, so come on out, NYC!
if you follow me I could DM you with more information about ThingLink
Frozen Planet!
yup you are!
I think it was one of the cutest games of all time.
You want cute?
Look to that game and my good friend Cute!!
Caps without a doubt.
qq I hate school
I'm being super lazy about writing this game recap.
:
oh no!
What happened?
Happy birthday to !
Go get them.
catchup and everyone should go follow him.
Regardless of what your political views are, I have never in my lifetime seen such disrespect to a 1st Lady and continue to sexualize her.
I'm sad to be leaving New Delhi today, but it'll be good to get home to NY.
Had a TOTALLY AWESOME time in India for last 2 weeks!
Yes, definitely.
Would love to!
Your welcome!; Ahaha took you forever to figure out what it meant
I so wish it was a movie : I totally relate to her...in body and soul.
Thanks for the review, John.
How was the food?
Ehh, would be difficult for me even.
If I was going, I could try something, but committed to birthday plans with the wife :
You didn't get 100 likes in your picture because your pretty it's because your clothes are made for a 3 year old
Today: Read the most popular books first, or you may not have a chance to read them all.
Decent half time show...was somewhat entertained.
Didn't care for Madonna's new song.
Nothing like the classics.
Good race Jeff!!
Not bad!!
8th place!!
I don't know about you...but I NEED THAT KOHLER SHOWER they just showed on the GRAMMYS
I'm so proud to not have voted for the 1st Marxist President of these United States  I'll be equally proud to correct History / RTagree
Davis: Carceral technologies are part of everyday life in Palestine.
New rule: if spurs play during the day, I get off of work.
Yeah I know.
Not sure what happened.
Are you back in jtown?
You gon' slip n' fall my boy.
Attending Gov2.0 in D.C.
be sure and visit Open Source for America.org table.
OSA Many of the Steering/Board will be there.
that's where we'll go :
Curious about the pending impact of the slashing of the federal graduate student loan program?
It was a GOP demand last year.
i miss you too /: how has your artwork been?
its been forever since ive seen it.
RT : will get his due in predoctorft talk.
He's a legit 1st rounder.
Such great sponsors we have!
I'm serious, do not dislocate your kneecap because it will still be hurting even 4 weeks later.
Proud of Obama.
This is huge!

I have become much more organized, and have saved a lot of paper in the process!
Teri Hartman, Youth Director, Texas
what the hell was Al thinking?
Sad to hear about the death of Adam MCA Yauch at 47.
I wore out my Licensed to Ill tape when I was a kid.
Long live the Beasties
Plan to do something out of the ordinary today?!
Share your ideas!
One last essay that I'll put off until the last night at midnight and I'm done!
follow back pls ?:
man u kno I can't go long without u
Quote of the day: If you plan to get somewhere, don't follow others.
Make your own path.
good!
A testament to the hard work that they do and the teacher that lead them!
Lots to do today before I get to see the Avengers!
Yay!
For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward
QA at the Fast Funny Passionate session has been hilarious.
Humor in the early morning is an acquired skill.
A company can sponsor an entire university getting access to the FT for one year and brand themselves to those students every day!
Your nice xP
Thank you for being a valued customer!
Looking forward to watching this partnership grow.
you will be missed/3
Finally Friday  have a great weekend!
yes, i think i might.
is Blood's a Rover part of a trilogy?
Thanks for following!!!
Hope you enjoyed the shout out in the social media presentation.
knock it off with the Jarrod Uthoff nonsense, he's not the Carson Palmer of NCAABB
Remember to try BURBANK Airport!
NASASocial, up to 45 miles closer to RT!
it feels.like forever
how's it going, punk?
I've seriously been looking like a monster all week.
haha...
My checking account and I keep forgetting about that haha...
Don't worry, I'm home now lol
Hey man, you know where the sample line is?
thanks for following
you should not enter that giveaway I just tweeted about.
Because clearly if you enter you kill my chances.
MUST WIN!
Kathy Lee is wildly inappropriate.
congrats on the tix!
Have fun at the show tomorrow!
We Can Game Review/walkthrough/General Gaming site.
as long as its up tonight im good
Just got owned.
RT Maybe if you guys stopped smoking so much weed, you wouldn't be tired and yawning all the time!
;
my schedule is almost always flexible though!
Safer where you are my dear!!
Funny lyrics Jimmy Pop So put your hands down my pants and I'll bet you feel nuts
White preachers will fuck your son.
Black preachers will fuck your wife.
Which would you rather attend?
there was too many people in the castle.
So somebody had to go.
We took a vote and she lost so I kicked her off lol
First season of JShore is the best season.
Sweet, yes we are very happy to have join us !
My first channel change of the night...
went to Greeny's Dad's bookstore in NYC.
Cool find of a cool place.
Did you know?
Never, ever mix bleach with ammonia or vinegar!
This combination is disastrous in any situation when trying to get rid of mold
Oakland Raiders Darrius HeywardBey of charged with doctornken doctorving
All of the gift cards have been found!
THANK YOU to all those who participated!
thanks Sir!
I'm sure the video work is gonna be just as captainvating!
Great night bro!
Katie was thrilled to see Bonnie today at the concert!
There are 2 authorities when it comes to high security locks: 
Want a faster morning wakeup than coffee?
Put new batteries in your toothbrush...
Hm I Havent Bothered You In A While.....
Im Slacking 0o
sure not a morning for riding huh?
Taking nominations for favorite things to do in Boston.
Never been, but heading there soon.
Suggestions?

can't decide if the new Kanye song is incredible or incredibly terrible.
Thoughts?
Fearless is having fears.
Fearless is having doubtsLots of them.
To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things scare you to death.
I wish the whole world would love Nicki Minaj.
heading home.
Seems like this day was weeks and weeks long.
how are you feeling?
Miss you guys.
Wasnt the Jawbone a historic FAIL?
Looking forward to the Fuelband though.
Early reviews are promising.
: Probably should have ; Hahaha, yes I believe I was.
good morning!
Lol
Sad leaving Indiana.
I think Matthew Fox is the voice on the phone giving mission orders in Ghost Protocol.
I can't say I'm surprised.
: JenniferHudson family murder trial update: Judge says no more cell phones in court starting tomorrow.
I'm in the same city.
Can we meet and explore your new discoveries together?
Tonight We Party Inside Broadway Bar...
Team Wasted, BG, Texas Toy Audio Vj Mystik We All Get you Wild and Wasted
Doing GREAT here : Beautiful morning, indeed.
How are you?
She wants diamonds, she wants gold But she's scared to let you get too close And she's been high and she's been low
Idk.
Lol we need to chill like old times I dnt c u no more :
You got a compliment on your outfit, nice!
I'm a fan of the solid colors too.
If you want me, just tell me!
Don't play mind games like a little boy!
who c:
.
I wasz about to!
Stupid att said mid outdoors was on, gotta hear stacey!!!
Good heads up!
When asked when do we celebrate Polish Day, my Irish better half says: Every day is Polish Day!.
So, Happy St Patrick's Day, all!
U know what I'll take that half!
Gotta be better to finish it tho!
Excellent!
Wouldn't be the same without you!
Doors open at 7pm and then we toast to nerdery!
And we are out of there good bye Iraq!
Thanks for the RT.
Like me, are you also a jewelry fan?
hahaha I apologize, i just wanted to contribute :
heosat They are also credited with inventing water
We are turning 40, very soon.
Haha same here.
Made for a great Sunday.
Nice!
Did he call you little Jimmy?
Paul is everone's friend.
Santorum by coming in last, Romney by taking tea party votes, Newt by not letting romney run away
Lol I'm gonna call you after school !
...They say the earth is dying I hear her voice But still I make a choice to stay
we have been waiting all winter for the Brewer's!
it wasn't Hughes, why is Raul in the field?
Swisher should be in Right!
Proud to have studied under misterColson as a Centurion in 2010  on staff at Prison Fellowship since 2011.
You will be missed.
Avg response times increased by 1 min 3 sec since Huron Road Hospital closed.
Hey!
I heard your a wild one:
Like I said ALCS sat nite BRONX FOXtv Tune in C.J.
vs.
CC
Excited abt the red carpet makeup at the oscars this weekend.
Can't wait to see what everyone's wearing!
Happy mothers day to all of you wonderful moms out there!
Full band at Tin Can Ale House on Nov.
8th  10:00!
So the NBA suspends World Peace.
There's an awkward headline.
I wonder if my postsurgery liquid diet has now given way to my recent gluttony.
Subjectivity is fashion's gift and its curse.
Was  Myron Golden's Six Figure Business School all day event.
Man was that eye opening!
if you get a chance  GO!
awww!
Right?!
Seriously.
Heart u Christina :
Some people talk too slowly.
There are noises coming from inside my walls.
Pretty sure there's a critter in there.
No bueno.
Time for chipotle with and
: Prolly not, idiot.
RT you may want to shut up now.
wiunion talk all you want: Milwaukee FBI probe a fact.
Working  home this AM waiting 4 an electrician.
Being SO productive.Makes me wanna break things in my home 2 justify doing this more often.
lol dude is ready to LIE!
Ok if i get one more phone call from a Ravens fan crying im going to scream!!!!!
Notably tried the 'Elvis' at earlier this afternoon.
Delicious
dear twitter do not know why but I'm tired I leave for about 2 years and then ritornoi and I want to see more than 1,000,000 followers
Try McD's New Premium Chicken Sandwiches.
You won't be dissatisfied!
Our gas price expert tells Consumer Bob to expect a superspike in prices.
Up 20 cents in the next 72 hours.
Ice cream or Pizza?
Random Guy behind me at stop light gave me guns up
thanks for the mention!
see you at tasteofdc !
Cant wait for our jazz set at the W!
there she goes again
I love this!
Keep increasing it until tickets subside?
:
Come by and visit us at the Franchise and Business Opportunities Expo in Charlotte, NC January 29th 30th.
Booth number 202 !
For free ad
Hope everyone is enjoying their week!!!
I won't crazyturnon Ima get more but I'm very picky.
I'm looking for a steady artist to the rest
I would imagine they do.
All kinds of food secrets in commercials!
still sick 
sorry...got busy and missed this.
My kids get every damn break under the sun
You dont look cute in your 3 sizes too small aeropostale tshirt.!
Leap to cover 25M people with LTE by the end of 2012 Cricket provider Leap Wireless said it will launch an LTE trial mark
ugh i need to sleep but I have INTERNET CONNECTION
um a couple months ago I did.
Staying at the Marriott in Minneapolis.
This is the slowest internet connection of any hotel I've frequented.
Yuck!
I think I heard my name...
:P
FREEEEEEEDOOOOOOOM !
Glad to hear your out, enjoy yourself, eat all the stuff you wish you had, and ready to say Go Pack Go !!!
CRUNCH week...hello coffee
I miss your show D: when will another season start?:
I'm always getting coupons so might as well start stocking up.
OMGASHH it let me see it!!!
its adorable : love it!!!
wish i could meet him!
Whoa, that was Julia Ormond as Marie?
I remember when she was the 90s 'It Girl' and thenboom, disappeared.
You make the center hold.
Day 17 in Kenya for Get Together Girls The Documentary!
three hours of sleep and still no nap?
Okay, it's Monday....what's your selfdefeating behavior?
What are you allowing to get in your way?
Fight it!
Push ahead!
Awesome, will do my research.
Thanks!
Also, nice to meet u, Brian!
You cant judge nobody,cause nobody perfect !.
People are getting crazier and crazier everyday O.o
stemless glassware?
not a fan.
Warms the wine in glass, gets lots of icky smudges when eating finger foods.
is that enough?
It's so boring now.
:Proud to have you as a Part of the Steeler nation,feel the Love Alameda.God Bless you.As you start Rookie camp
Hittin the gym
whoa!
I LOVE THE MUSIC VID WID it rocks!
Tweet or follow plz!
3 U BOTH!
Got my Google Wave invitation at last!
Anyone else using it?
Texas recovers fumble by Cal at the Bears' 19 and comes away with 0 pts as Justin Tucker, usually automatic, misses FG left from 38 yds.
Hahaha!!RT : If Blue Ivy comes out during this halftime show, I'm outta here.
great to see you too!
So happy to have you on Ann's side.
Thanks for the follow back!
Oh  Just Stop talking to me.
K  Im done talking.
Whatever  Fck you.
Fine  Fck it.
I guess  I dont really give a fck.
Free champagne whil fake shopping for wedding rings.
Amazing.
does this mean you'll be around in the afternoon sometime this week to catch up??
Strange goings on in the 19th floor bathroom at work.
Adam Richman always sounds like he's shouting at his TV audience from across a large noisy bar.
Annoying.
Pass the remote please...
It blows alright.
VOLLEYBALL: Seckman finds groove, sweeps Parkway North
Brewing up some new ideas and a truly unique value proposition to an old business model.
Charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it.
Awww I got so many welcome backs at school xx I haven't been since Wednesday lol
haha understood!
Be seeing you soon man
RT : It's not Easter till there's confetti in the toilet.
Jennette Arocha
Not like found on the ground, but long forgotten and rediscovered.
Oral bacteria can contribute to dangerous obesity.
J Dental Res, 88, 2009.
Take control of your oral health.
Get CloSYS.
www.closys.com
Understand your power and use it wisely.
Persevere.
Nothing worthwhile is easy.
Obama at
naw it's on W.
McNichols
Your enthusiasm for Pittsburgh convinced me to hang around and see what you might say.
thanks for the megamillions lottery update!
I swear...
It's not me :
Ugh guess im walking to le park next period .
awesome!
Can't wait to see it!
I can't wait to hear new songs.
3
Nothing block and I ain't do shit this time.
No I'm happy as can be with my doctorid...
Rooted of course.
I just don't like apple
Cool, let me know what you thought :

Really well!
In post now for a few days, then the installation will go permanently live at EVO on CapHill when they open :
Thank you to everyone who came out to see and I, in Massachusetts and Rhode Island, this weekend.
:
Anybody else bored and hungry?
Only 34 Senators away from a constitutionalist majority.
Help us get there.
Squee!!!
RT : Damn, no business class upgrade...
At least I'm in the aisle with empty seats next to me!
It's unlikely, unless they're wrapped up in academia.
If it makes you feel better, I've also been reading Upton Sinclair.
Tryna convince my mom to let me doctorve her car ....
Not really working out lol
this nigga aint shit,, so let me get this str8 i cant have males friends period?.
but u can have all type of female friends,
Did you see The Beach Boys are on Jimmy Fallon Show tonight?
I thought they were all dead
Thanks for following!
Look forward to following you too!
Be blessed on this Easter morning!
ANNOUNCEMENT!
OPEN KEY at the BRUMDER MANSION May 20 openkeyband.com GET YOUR TICKETS paranormalcopsatbrumdermansion.eventbrite.com
The Interactive Guide is fabulous.
You can do the task in Office XP or 2003 and then be shown where it is in 2010.
Attention PC users!
What make/model of PC are you using?
Would you recommend it or are you looking to upgrade soon?
charlottetraffic rear end collision on eastway, westbound at intersection central.
Morons refuse to move vehicles.
Blocking right lane.
The Acacia Strain, The Ghost Inside, and For All Those Sleeping have all released new songs today.
What do you guys think of the new music?
My new living room has a Motorcycle in it.
Yes literally.
Always thought someone should start a site for that.
Who sampled who.
omgg u have to watch it!!
Soo many things happpend!!!
Me and jamming the fuck out in the studio
Hey Niall guess what?
I love you and you should follow me :
I am in the process of forming a school, please send me a message if you have any ideas thanks
i need a hug
Why does my twitter say I have no tweets?
They must have been caught up in the
About to record a couple of merengue tracks.
Hm maybe it is coming back!!!
zombies think brains with treasure are extra tasty nomnom i think i shall wear a helmet to protect mine
Morning tweets
Do you remember when I came and saw you at the grapevine mills mall??
: that was a fun day!!!!
Went to two good services today at Valley View and Greenwood United Baptist.
The best way to get the week started!
hi c;
Sometimes I feel like your there for me when I don't need it, but when I really do need you where are you?
absolutely not!
8 is great, 9 won't be denied!
: Anyone know a website that will stream the Super Bowl  commercials for free?
lol man get somewhere  watch a tv!
getting this music ready to hit at tomorrow night with my Good Music Ensemble.
Fewer than 50 of diabetics received an eye exam last year.
So, i'm thinking that this could be the end of me, woahhhhh.
you're RATCHET!
you  your hurt butt!!
wine interruptus.
I have theory on a screaming child.
I am also prokittens, if anyone is looking for a candidate
Just attempted to move all the TVs at Sears in 4 hours...
about 1/2 successful.
tired now...
but work again at 2...
woot!
Jamming to SAYSOMETHIN by : Say somethin if your feelin the vibe, Say Somethin baby dont be so shy!!
3
haha I only watched it because she's smoking hot and southern
Looking forward to the winner of the NDSU/Wyoming game on Monday
RT : What a game.
Tied...only 4 teams have ever won a playoff game with 6 fumbles and hasn't happened since 1979.
Thanks for the follow!
KS Andoctora
I appreciate it's transparency.They truly believe the market would improve learning
TONIGHT TONIGHT TONIGHT!
Start yer bids at 'The Stimulus Show' art auction/benefit 4 RAA.
Find affordable art by professorssional artists in MKE
cool!
what year was that?
Happy Easter to all.
Watching American Idol for the first time this season.
Umm, who are these hacks?
Blow up doll as passenger in HOV lane is 1 thing.
Cutting off state trooper to get in HOV lane, while doing previous, is another.
he knows already just waiting.
thanks  love you too :
Good afternoon love.
Hope you have a great day!
For the last month or so, Paypal is screwing up all the time  for selling and buying.
Anyone else having this problem?
I'm sad again:
jealous!
Have a good time
U good...
Gz!!
Its already done we gotta bang out!!
Joe Paterno  a great man, he was my Dad's age  The Greatest Generation  RIP Joe Pa!
lol.
Careful what u wish 4.
Better keep that cushy firm job.
Thanks for RT !
I'm just saying.
Everybody is extrapolating.
: Wow , I hardly knew ye.
Oj mayo's lookin pretty good right about now
That sucks.
But now I have time to do your gift before you get back...
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it John Wooden
I'm so 23 in this bitch
Great article on one of Program Graduates.
Keep up the good work guys!
Chatter  problem and an opportunity via
When I lived in NYC I thought of it as being like Halloween or the 4th of July: a night to hide under the bed.
thats true....
But theres plenty of other people that are worth recognition too.
Strep throat!!
Aww man!!
I guess it's better than the
hahaha secrets are secrets for a reason....
;
no orton fumbled his own.
Tebow had to have it knocked out by the opposition.
No, just May 3rd for May.
yeah, but still it would've been cool if you came.
xtina  please don't say you know again.
Please welcome Diveindeep1 to the Max life
Ur welcome...ok..
As a marketer you have the responsibility of creating a pipeline for your sales force.
Good stuff from
Our Spidey Sense is tingling...feels like we'll soon be paid a visit by with some print work for
besides, isn't that what girls hate about men anyways?
Men being liars and players?
How do you nicely tell some kid to stop texting you so early in the morning?
: lolz ...
What does the Z stand for..
laugh out loud zebra?
Lmao
If I argue with you, I give a fuck.
Excellent way to end the season...bowl or no bowl.
Fight on!
You remembered?!
lol You mean first a legal doctornk!
lol
doctorp it to the flo, make that ass shake..
Make the ground move, thats an ass quake!
Built a house up on that ass, thats an ass state!
ya buddy
Veteran's Day!
My daddy was in WWII and I am proud of him!!
Need Me Ah Real Bitch For Ds Real Sht
Life's test to keep it real.
I strive.
Let's strive.
RT : Be as you wish to seem.
Socrates
I think the article is only talking about players who have signed their LOIs
David Peel Sang Once for Lennon, Now for Occupy Wall Street
Thanks for playing Good Night tonight!
Everyone follow so she can get to 400 followers NOW!!!!
GO!!
Takes a few seconds to make someone happy.
Love the premise.
Something about the pacing or way it is filmed I can't get into
Most women only call u when they're bored or want somthin
Thanks for the whole support!
And always twirling, twirling!
/cc
Anatabloc  I have no sneezing, no red eyes, no coughing.
Available at GNC.
Antiinflammatory.
Not cheap, but effective.
Finishing up some laundoctor, getting things printed, trying to pack, and looking forward to San Antonio and asecs12 in the morning!
Oh yeah, now I remember.
I want to bocce too
Crashed 's bartending shift and played a strong Van Hager rock block.
I'm the worst.
Of course...the King's English!!!
Awesome!
Thanks for listening, now please follow us on Twitter!
Change of mind!!
I want kinky twists
Wish I was like Pops from Regular show
RT i just want to be normal.
except you're a celeb so you can't be.
Sorry dude.
Pinoy jazz musicians shine outside the homeland
Happy Founders Day !
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Nu at on May 8, 1981.
if we survey people who pay attention to dogs and know that doctorving dog I bet we can get more than 35 to like the dog.
I am doing good so far oh and it turns out that I didn't end up going to sleep  skipping 7P but I did still manage to skip
He shoots!
HE SCORES!!!!!

why haven't u tried?
The judges would be fighting for you.
But I think u should try for Xfactor.
I love  !
.
Thank you!
The desert was amazing.
Friends make the world small.

the madness starts!!
:
THURSDAY HAPPY HOUR  THE SMILING MOOSE  1/2 OFF ALL MICRO/CRAFT/IMPORT BEER, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS From 57pm!
You can sleep, sweetheart, Ill carry you.
Students allowed back into library.
No gunman found.
Police leaving the area
Big back up on the Pike East before exit 14 because of construction.
I don't want snow, but I really wish road construction season was over!
Happy birthday to the one and only aka The White Shaft aka Sir Puke A lot
going to bed soon!3 good night
haha sounds wonderful haa : i'de live anywhere but here
Proud to be living in Texas tonight!
Go Rangers!
Johnny's daddy was taking him fishin, he was 8 years old....
We will be working with anybody that works in the music industry.
If you're a designer, booking agent, recording studio, etc.
Message us!
Hope Riveras ACL recovery is speedy
At game  doctorw Carey in the crowd  smiling like he's never been on TV go gocavs dontlebronme go
Friday Humor: I'm a psychic amnesiac.
I know in advance what I'll forget.
Michael McShane
what'd you major in at Montana?
girl u come first
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Fact: Half of all people who are injured or killed in ATV crashes haven't taken a safety course.
Other half tend to go too fast.
Since I've been back in remission  I've picked right back up with life  busy, busy, busy!
: I've been homesick for Oz :
yes looking forward to it.
you say cool a lot
.'s bio says he helps clients win public debates, yet my challenge to debate his client has gone unanswered.
Like the idea that students should have a hand in professorssional development curriculum for their teachers.
nothin much..you??
Yes!
That's better.
What Up
Cuz She Wasnt Here The Whole Day
can you hook me up?
So pumped to be 's date to Manson!
Hi TK, my big 50 is today.
Make it very special with a happy BD from u!
The Awkward Situation...it puts fear in all of us.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do.
Benjamin Franklin
: Everyone has that friend that can't doctorve for shit.
trust me I know
I'll never stop loving you.
It's time I let you go.
Yes!
On Texas week.
I'll prolly spend it half Austin half RGV
We don't get back to DCA tomorrow night until 11pm, that's some pretty late grilling!
He still says sick and dog, but sadly never when referring to a sick dog.
hope to see you there!
Finally a voice of reason!
Also, probably wouldn't hurt if England's guys spent less time in clubs  pubs.
Better to be focused and hungry than hungover.
Looking forward to see tomorrow at Life 3.0
LOU REED'S TRANSFORMER.
that depends in part on moral luck.
Ex: Jimmy Carterdid the right things and viewed as a failed administration
Is Google down?
Page not loading.
google
Thanks for the follow
Talks how after fire pits funding cut someone saved them w/ donation.
bottom line: ask for .
People will give.
you say your a bad bitch, but you have no car, no job, no money..your not a bad bitch your doing bad bitch lol
To save paper this year, I am printing our Christmas letter on both sides of the page.
Some of you will get it twice, and others not at all.
You wear snap backs like a bitch...
great quote
wow, is sure excited to speak to the group at smss!
great energy!
W/Stop
So many amazing things going on this weekend!!
BrewCrew DCFM WIfilmfest IsthmusGreenDay with MarkBittman and hopefully some sunshine.
no one can
The dogs are out in the back
east side
Shoutout To And !!!!!!
Everyone follow them XD
Mentally exhausted physically strong and ready to go...not a good combo.
Im losing sleep thinking about how im going to do this
Black and white and rad all over...we love it!
: Hope you are enjoying your stay!
I haven't done it yet, but when I do I'll definitely write up my experience.
Get 10 off a Swedish massage when you mention this tweet.
so now we can listen to Chris Brown  Beautiful People :
dude, since when did real madoctord become thugs
did you see that the guy wit the white shirt on
btw I've had a car run over my foot when I was wearing a tennis shoe and my foot was fine.
i still cant get over that
it was good?
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
On the phone w my Bro in Christ talking bout how crazy busy we are!
This book is so boring
Never fake who you are.
Someone will like you for being yourself.
No.
I haven't reached 1000 followers yet.
Anyone else going to see Brian Turner tonight at SAL?
Come say hi to a few of at the PNW table :
who knows...anyways how are you??
are you still at beauty brands??
because i might need my hair done here soon
iPhone's emoticon keyboard needs The Artist Formally Known As Prince symbol.
If you got love!
Nothing else should matter
Follow your doctorams, don't let anything or anyone stand in your way!
Have you registered yet for entrepreneur mentor 's ElevateRevolution LiveCast that's TODAY  2pm ET?
Step into your success...
Stay in your lane!!!
Woke up craving mashed potatoes and gravy this morning.
Good morning all!
John Mayer relaxes you !
Hey!
You got my name : 
Robert, we went over this.
Scary movies aren't my weakness anymore 
Will , I love 99 of your tweets !
No, actually it's fine now.
: yay
medina !!
Lol Fuck basketball wives !!!!
Animal planet has more real doctorma then that lame show
den what would be a good liquor to sip on i need dat doctornk n my cup
!!!!
RT : SnapBacksNAllDat ; with ...wait for it
Not only did we finally hit 1,8000 likes, but we are actually at 1,815 now.
Thanks for spreading the word, 2,000 is next!
I think that the old one was easier to use.
Seems they ditched ease of use for looks.
If we get bored discussing 50 Shades of Gross at brunch, you can entertain me and with this.
Game of Desks.
you suck!
What was today's gym routine?
Nothing wrong with that.
That's why we have conceal and carry permits.
Gorgeous sunny Sunday in the Bay Area.
Hey DC tweeps..
You can catch me DJing Tonight!!
No cover..
Sexy crowd..
Amazing staff.
Beautiful Deck!!
There are like eleven people in the library.
Five of us work here.
good morning
I love you
you come during slow hours ....Hater
Awesome song is awesome.
Surf and Turf Burrito  before Lucha Libre anyday though.
Latest Bayou show is up on the JLB podcast :
Good people do good things...bad people do bad things...what do the rest of us do?creepy guy in the mirror
How u gon put me on punishment for your WackAss Lakers
Could tomorrows show be any bigger than last weeks.
Enough FAT JOKES, Tune in Sunday at 8:30 am on CJLO.com
that would be great!
Check ur direct messages :
i miss when music was actually good
Waiting 2 long 2 terminate an employee can be more problematic than terminating 2 early...
according 2 this presentation.
thanks for the retweet!
Great to meet you this week!
Everyone should play at hanging with friends, she sucks ;
Hm that could easily be misinterpreted as obsessed
Why smack the Ace of Spades when popping it is a grand possibilty?
Who wants free tickets???
We'll give away a pair on Sunday at midnight.
Just write I want free tickets to  on your wall.
Watching TheVoice and it's actually pretty good :
An alcohol paint called Skin Illustrator could work too because you need alcohol to put it on and take it off.
But it's 5 after 10.
You're a bit late.
RT : Ok peeps.
I'm finally going to see TheAvengers at 9 tonight.
what a weird morning, simply could get out of bed at my regular 7am....go up at 10 instead!
11.5 hrs sleep
Never enough!
Love your passion for changing the world.
Agreed, let's all make changes together!
.
asks a great ?
abt how might measure impact among computer users overall, or users w/motor impairment.
bentley michael the redneck hahahaa
Lots to get to tonight.
Winterhawks, NBA Playoffs, Timbers and more.
Tweet us your questions for and we'll answer on air.
If it was easy everybody would do it
RT : You must be willing to invest time  effort necessary to do a better job of preparing yourself than the competition does
Enjoyed my birthday.
Had a party and had fun.
went to the movies.
Got my beats on..
Focused
hi.
are you reading this?
no?
k
Started the day thinking I might have a 2nd date tonight, now casting about for something to do.
Wander about hoping for happenstance?
that's a key part of the equation.
also, lived experience matters.
he has never lived through what so many in US are now.
hey thanks!
Should be a nice lil show.
Ugh note to self: beer is NOT a replacement for dinner.
Much deserved girls night out.
It's easy to be thankful for the good things.
A life of rich fulfillment comes to those who are also thankful for the setbacks.
Just canceled Brighthouse cable TV.
42 broadcast digital channels most of which look better than cable
i am not looking forward to hearing that damn jose chant for 81 games.hope the marlins faithful just leaves that in NY.
I wish it would just rain already
Please post the direct link to the petition you are referring to?
I can't find it.
Too many over there.
: oh nana what my name?
Tyshiana
lol i know right!!
Haley's Heart is 5 years old today!!
Happy birthday to us!!!
oops, appreciate the dapiPhone still ain't Ebonically inclined
that's why he dead!
Thank you Kristen Butrum for booking with us today.We look forward to doing your wedding at Pipers at the Marott in May!
All of these dark gray interfaces I'm suddenly surrounded by tell me I'm making ENTERTAINMENT.
New excersize and wellness gym opening up in 18b LasVegas Arts District!
Stay tuned for details...
Happy Easter to all
Sunny, 75 degrees AND I found gas for only 3.53 a gallonin Oakland Countyit's a good day!!
great..
now u let it out of the closet..
doctorAM BIG!!
Check out this event: Escape Wednesdays Happy Hour  Touch Orlando on 20120118
The more I read the more likely it seems that the US Government will carry out a FalseFlag attack its own citizens in Chicago during
Let's go Chapman!
Keep the goose egg up there for the Brewers!
I hate today
my name is jasmine medina and I want Madison
I want to hang out  do shots with her lol.
beez in the trap
It's a PIESTRAVAGANZA at Porter Square, come celebrate thanksgiving early with our Pumpkin and Blueberry Pie flavors :D
don't worry , ima always gonna be here for you :
it's a sweet addiction!
RT : cant.
stop.
eating.
sweet potato.
Oh man.
I need to follow this.
Julie!!!
I need you, man!
Mine has gone blue screen twice today : Not blue screen of death, just shuts down.
Your friends aren't gonna pay your bills.
Tf you spending so much time on em for?
hahahaha ya!!!!
Mab it will stop raining just when he's there!!!
3 hahahahahahahahaha
Who wants some of Deebo?!
thanks, gilt!
nice to be on your list :
Biggie Smalls is the wickedest.
Niggas say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick yo dick in this.RIP BIG
Umm yes it was :
Great night hanging with my boy ray hamilton.
American idol was on!!!
Woot!
Woot!
Anyone else watch it?
I get it.
I am slow.
Loblol
I asked ChaCha a question about George Harrison and they responded with an answer about Lil Wayne.
Makes sense.
learn how to take your galileo training and marketing to another level tomorrow with me and karen minton at COMO: your patrons and galileo
Thank you!
RT : Great service from !
Staff is going out of their way to make sure the stay is going well.
Haha SMH!!!
Fixing to ride with my girl jordan!
Feels a little sick...
I had McDonalds for the first time in months  the downside of road trips
ran into doug wilson of fort vancouver in the elevator...
northwest represent!
Pizza at Campisi's with my bros
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
go pee denn.
I love him.
Waiting on my noodles.
My mom just told me a defensive linebacker from the Packers left a voicemail at our house reminding her to vote tomorrow
thats the worst..
nothing like being on the road ALL day..

pay attention in class Vincent!
Doing what every good father does...
rewarding my boys with candy corn for eating their dinner.
I'm going to the Marine Corps Ball in Florida!!
Such an amazing opportunity I'm so excited!
we are almost half way to half way!:D haha we a accomplished twenty 100s!
We rock:
I'm watching all of the land before times on Netflix next time I get the chance!
can't wait til da weekend
nicholas in the tie and sweater and jeans omfg its al great  all but take them off lord jesus
where attention goes, energy flows, and results show.
glad you like!
yeah I listened to Uecker a couple times but that's it.
Good thing is, though, that the entire NL is pretty bad this year
It's got the best prose, doesn't it?
Read Angel's Game next!
my iPhone app is nearing completion!
so excited.
Last task open graph
awe poopyyyy, what time is it there?
i 3 u too
you da best
The information highway has brought all of the information right to your fingertips
Everyone shout me out and get me followers then message me and ill give u shoutouts and get you followers
Yep!
One of my favorites :
If you've stopped believing in fairy tales, you need to unlearn your illusions.
just bought ticket to that this morning.
I mean, if you want to have a broken neck, then by all means sit up front.
If you want to see a movie in all its glory, then back
In session on teaching contemporary military history.
Anxieties seems similar to any other recent history course.
love Artichokes?They contain silymistern, an antioxidant that helps prevent skin cancer: also contains fiber to help control cholesterol.
Fuck.
I did get doctornk and show everyone my dick the other night, didn't I?
...and , I feel so loved by you all!
Thanks for celebrating!
yes!
internet has been down in my apt the whole week so i haven't been able to do much!
Fixed on Saturday, hit you up then!
i should probably re dye my hair tomorrow i look like poop.
you said you did other things and oh good:P lol dont judge me because i used to purge..
and laxiitives make you shit lmao
Yay Giants!!!!
here's to hardcore awesomeness and serious sucking.
May our lives never be a shade of grey.
:P
stop.
;/ I live in COLORADO.
I can't go.
What's good Skyesworld?
In other news terrific weekend: urban farm lot cleanup; the Zahav adventure with   shared the kitchen w/ Mags!
I choo, choo, choose you.
This makes me an unreal amount of happy that you'd post this.
You rock.
bangarang!
Roaming the halls, holla'.
Turn em on, we'll watch.
BREAKING: I want to punch that Rock God kid from the iPhone commercial in the face.
hey luvie good morning too u :
Lots of travel but can see Canada.
RT : 6 sites stretch from Maritimes to BC making '15 Women's World Cup crosscountry experience
Check out Olivia De Berardinis Book Signing Event, La Luz de Jesus Fri Nov 18
There is a ghost in the WMYB video ?
Wuuuuuuuut ?
how waz your day?
Good Afternoon Warriors, Its a GREAT day outside, take a moment enjoy it.
Have a good day!!!
I can't decide if I should cut my hair or not.
My mom said to tell the lady surprise me lol
Missing my MMs and Stoni!!
I only saw like two minutes of ustream :/ But at least he did one 3 Now I know that he still cares and that makes me happy :
Last day of break: woke up at 11, starbucks coffee and bagel.
Starting off pretty great:
Y.O.L.O Dosent mean go out and party and make yourself look stupid, It means do things to make you memorable.
: watching a marathon of ambiguously lame murder mysteries certainly makes me question myself...
but it's awesome!
North Carolina is backward.
if the GOP is smart, they'll leave Newt standing at the dock in Tampa.
said, I'm well aware of where all the lumps are in my body.
Apparently the same doctornken imbecile following at the Masters  yelling War Eagle is following him today in NO.
Watson Twins are at the Beachland Tavern tonight.
But I'm too sick!
I like that idea!
nevertoolate :
Thank you for the information on
I actually like the new website update.
That mutual aid freq is pretty much the only way anyone can talk to Milwaukee FD on a radio.
Yep, that OpenSky radio system is great
reveling in peace and quiet at home.
good day, precious daughter is off w/ her dad visiting grampa.
FLUENTPARTY  Maria Maria in 50 minutes.
Live performance by Miami's DJ Mikey Millions and Mobb Deep.
See you there.
The Sunday SXSW Event
Great shoot today!
W.josephmancusoactor.com
About to give up on chemistry homework and just do my nails!!
HEY HITTU.
i'm in world g in case you were wondering.
black coffee??
Oh you're no joke!
Ehh?
Happy to have a day off but ik im going to stay home and do nothing all day?
RT : RT : History Pulitzer: Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention by Manning Marable
Lake County Senior Shootout This Friday!
Just heard some a out a Jill Scott block party with Kem and Dougie Fresh please be a weekend I wanna go!
Even in another city.
Happy birthday !
Thanks for the FF love!
great!
I'm glad to see there are a few BOYLIEBERS around!
Most of the boys hate jbiebs:
Bonjour Hope you're feeling festive festive!
Welcome to our twinning tweets!
only if and come
I'm not really a huge rap fan, and I'm rather late to the party on this one but....I love Wiz Khalifa.
I REALLY love him.
Great beats.
: make sure u come home often so we can get our nails done and take trips to Waffle House!
But YEA for senior year!!!
its 1:43 here in denver and I should be asleep.
but my job is never done lol
I do.
I can always meet you after?
and then we can go back together?
Whoo hoo!
Thanks to everyone who voted!
RT Cannot WAIT for SoMeT12 Bring on the SoMeT : Congrats to
That may be called a solo sex marriage
I would pay 1 to not have to say no five different times to desperate sales clerk trying to get me to pay 1
Looking forward to unwinding tonight from a long day of work with some dance moves on
Are you coming or going?
My wife just got It's actually pretty awesome.
Also he cowrote one of my fav songs heartache tonight with the eagles.
Badass
Plant a seed of friendship; reap a bouquet of happiness.
Lois L.
Kaufman
haha some of them.
i mean i have a dbl header today ive got some time.
so i see one and just randomly watch it.
Top of the morning, haven't spoke to u in a min.
Hope all is well
ha!
it is a whole different ball game...hope your taxi services worked out!
Getting ready for today's EDULIVE on social media policies...
also scoping out my Facebook page for bad decisions
Chicago, IL need females for photoshoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 100 dollars per hour.
One day i will get you to notice and follow me: okay?
I LOVE YOU BOYFRIEND 33
Patrick George huge number of buses and military vehicles spotted leaving SA going East on I10, probably to Houston.
Blackbird Vineyards 09 Arise at the moment.
An easy doctornking, honest, Merlot dominated blend
Mistaken or False?
I am watching A Haunting.
So scary.
TGIF!
Need we say more?
Ms Tracy downstairs rappin some French Montana lol
let me know if yall need coverage bro
omg i forgot about our plans today sorry!
Ready set God bless tweeters
Elections very important, new generation, new ideas, finally they can show the potential of their people...
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
The moment when he says he loves you too:
I could not be more excited to have zero commitments today.
Now, what the hell to do, besides shoveling?
Testing new app
Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly  Dali Lama
We can't help it!
After all, he's the dog and I'm the meat.
Agreed.
Can't wait to see this.
RT : I need photographic evidence!
RT : There's a clone in the cafeteria!
Find casino style poker sets at www.eproducts4less.biz
that was a diffcult 5 mins of my life i didnt know if i was listening to lil b or waka flocka
Brave.
RT : I have even coldcalled potential sponsors and asked them to sponsor me
These allergies are kickin my as ugh omg ....
gotta go get this run in b4 it get to hot!
the uro is going to have problems soon  if we don't get some faith back in Congress,they r being Downed unfarly,Obama had Veto pin
I was going to come tonight...
I may have to wait till next week!
Good for you!
What a great way to start the new year MyWANA wordbitches
ABSC website is now LIVE!
Please visit us  azbsc.com
Oh, dear.
What did we supposedly do this time?
Yes we do!
We ship everywhere!
New Jack Edwards has returned.
It's a good morning
I seem to have more aquaintances than friends and it bugs me.
Good thing I have the boys in
Start celebrating early!
Come see DJ Ivan tonight
Let me sing to you?
Question: How many bikers does it take to change a light bulb?
A: It takes two.
One to change the bulb, and the other to kick the switch.
Dont do it please dont it
I don't make music just to make it.
I make it because it runs through me; it's in me.
they went from a 9 point advantage to a 9 point advantage.
That is neither momentum or acceleration.
Just completely simplified my to do list.
Item 1 make more coffee.
Item 2, doctornk more coffee.
Item 3, figure out the rest of the list.
I dont even like to read that much, but these emotobooks really fit me perfect.
Someone at work told me they like the mystery one.
And the winner of yesterday's RT giveaway from the is !
Please direct message us for details.
my back photo on tumblr already has 61 notes, ALL POSITIVE.
mad love for tumblr; twitter can suck
Who wants to see lil kims pussy?
Oh yeah, all these random black ppl who r always on twitter.
With 1000 followers they dont even know.
Haha
few can
love your deepening and extension of my post, Claudia
Yay I got help with my shop , not as stressed 
Scott, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show
yes.
Cocoon
That probably describes half my closet.
Using a clothing iron to straighten your hair
it's a deep teal.
;
How did it get to be April 18th so fast?
I suspect witchcraft.
It's days like this I wish I worked a mf 95.
I miss having weekends.
tebow traded to jets

the Library: a gentle hint, dear patron, its best not to talk about pirating the library's DVD in front of the librarian.
could have been but i have no idea the last time i've been near anything glittery
Any advice on how to make your site turn a horizontal spreadsheet into readable data?
Before you lay on your back, make sure your paper is tacked!
I love listening to you in the morning but...can you please stop playing Donimo at the same time, everyday!
:
I love lapasang souchong in the cold months.
Heavenly to hold a cup and read a good book.
Hi Rosie!
Gary Schaeffer here.
Great opening night!!
Michelle and I can't wait for week 5 when we will have our time in the sun!
Sometimes I wish my life would be less hard, but then I realize that other people have it harder than I do.
Up watching limitless with
Tune into Q13 Fox News tonight at 10pm to hear more about a sextrafficking case!
Thx for joining the fight, Q13!
is proving that gleeks can make a difference!
ABQ come to our concert July10 and see an amazing show!
www.harmonytohelp.com
Everyone is going to the beach today
now laugh at they azz!
is a lesbian and likes apple juice
my demo songs in FL Studio were inspired by your music.
Glad to know we're using the same software!
Again...you  your Dad keep getting sick on/off since Dec.
RT : I DO NOT AND CANNOT BE SICK!
i mean on punkd u see them with their mouths open or crying or in shock i dnt see u reacting like that lol love ya :
glad your back !!
smaller gov the more chance of it being competent if it focuses on socially optimum policies instead of responding to all desires
Th last time we were there it was so differenti don't like how it is now
:Baby show me what you got and we can party come and shake your body and get FREAKY Baby yo quiero agarrartey yo quiero tocarte
Follow for a reinvention of the haiku, trust me, she is a genius.
lol whose your favorite character?
could you please tell me more about your gluten dairy free diet ?
thanks xx
well done.
Thx for tweeting my article!
where youu at?
Is wade throwing the game?
This bitch pissed in a parking lot in broad daylight!!!!!
Wtf!
Abbey biting plastic ends off her hoodie strings  priceless3
That's cool!
difference of opinion lol
2day is the 10 year of Allen Iversons Practice good times
Great day at Dayton ;
Now Fatima Ahmed from our partner org Zenab talking about the need to support women farmers.
Man Mindless Behavior got me goin crazy like forreal I need Mindles help !!
Lol
awww zaynto3million is trending in germany
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future
Dorito Taco.
Go big or go home.
RT : I want a Choco Taco.
Forgot my iPhone at home and all I've had all day is this company blackberry.
How do people live like this?!
make sure I'm signed into class!
thanks so much for listing our company!
ugh!
I've never liked basketball.
It's boring to me.
Lol
I guess we need 2 take it 2 the streets!!RT : Hey Jon, I'm waiting again tonight.
We'll see, lol.
Happy birthday to former Spur
Only Because Of God I Am Safe Intellegent Smart Strong And Alive!
I don't know the key to success but I know the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Publishers  by restricting library access to eBooks you're preventing kids from discovering new adventures  developing a love for reading
Fresh corn, fresh tomatoes, fresh crab, and a crisp white wine overlooking the bay.
Living the good life on the shortest summer vacation
Creativity is allowing oneself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Scott Adams, the Dilbert Principle
Gwyneth  Sofia Vergara  Rob Lowe  hot overload.
Some people might have actually listened when you said to go kill yourself.
So maybe you should think about that.
Players Club Tours Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
have a cocktail for me !
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Marilyn Monroe3
The USC Employee Recruitment Services is trying to provide advice to its followers.
What's the best career advice you have ever received?
We had such a fun rehearsal together last night, I'm really looking forward to our show on Saturday!!
It's been too long!
:
GoodNight i love you.
Remember everything i just tweeted is true, so please read it ?
/: goodnight ilove you 3
I need new friends
Take a second, look around you, your life is full of blessings.
You just gotta stop and look.
I TOLD HER SHE WAS PRETTY AND ITS TRUE SO SAY SOMETHING HEART FELT AND SHE WILL RALK TO U
how in the world did I miss that one?!?
Because I want that, too!
:
by the squirrels?
Lol
And it took me 10 min to walk to the Spanish embassy.
Perks of living here
PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Starring EARL BROWNING I, STACY CUNNINGHAM, LANCE EAKHART and more
Later this week we'll upload Arkells, The Rocket Summer, and Bill Chott Interviews!
That moment when u realize one day your past catches up to you
Uhm...
EVERYBODY knows that Miranda Lambert is one of the stars of country music.
Please up your popculture game.
:
I did!
They were tasty!
:
So true!
But its one of the best things in life to fight, sweat, and campaign for!
stop rushing your selfs clippers STOP RUSHING!
Thank you for the RT!
Hope you're having a good day!
follow back?
:
okay.
; bye bye oh does Austin follow you?
If he dosnt I'll try to get him to follow you 3
Fox compares comments about Ann Romney to college girl being called a slut  prostitute  NOT FAIR!
futurama has some really sad/cute moments ok.
I love that 1 reason hubs started homebrewing was b/c it would be cheaper.
100s of 's on equip  a webseries laterI feel a bit misled.
Come into and get your teeth whited by Jennifer!
1:27:...God..created him; male and femaleGod said,what makes u believe that?
cody do you call/text any of the girls that give you their numbers?
Contact Vince Cavale at 6024381001 for more information on sale items or email
bathroom stalker...
gracias, will do!
And yup haha, guess I forgot that minor detail :
that's great Tell us more about your personal needs
So...
I think I need to see
Hm, I'll watch a movie now.
and then do homework.
don't have that much.
BAD BOYS AIN'T NO GOOD...
GOOD BOYS AIN'T NO FUN!
Having a case of the Sunday blahs today.
cuz twitter is for cool people only.
;p
Right now, I'm your daddy.
LOL.
Funny?
Or did I cross the line?
help build our 400th house by making a 25 donation today.
www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Welcome New Followers :
Mission complete!
dcchallenge w/ and
Eff you allison.
Okay on 2 my next favorite boy group!
NP: best of Silk !!!
Rats!
Forgot to use the damn hashtag for the past hour!
You are cracking me up!
lol
Well..
I just spent the last few hours editing and I managed to get three seconds done.
: So I guess I'll just give up now..
u a mess, lol I got a shirt like that too
Thanks!!
That's my attempt at being creative lol
I'm not really looking xD
I actually like funerals these days.
It's the only time people don't give me shit about my doctornking.
And the food is always great.
i wanna party, with a whole bunch of live peoepleee
Childoctorn are likely to live up to what you believe of them.
Lady Bird Johnson
I spent the evening balancing my checkbook.
Much more excititng than bcs.
:
my mom just now: I'm going to bed, have fun tomorrow, just don't get kicked out of the hotel
Loved your lessons learned.
So proud of you.
Purchasing my copy of AT this second.
If a jersey shore cast member fist pumps in the middle of a forest does house music still play?
RT : The Dodgers have reached an agreement to be sold to Magic Johnson's bidding group, according to a baseball source.
See...
Why does snow always come on holiday weekends??
we are all disappointed
Omg!
That is so sick!
why would they...smh...I have no words.
That's just horrible!
:
I am here for you
Good qualifying!
Good luck tomorrow!!!!!
wow that does sound a Colleen top!
Love nautical!
bored.
wanna go homes.
urg.
i miss
If the Republicans could get unstuck, so Americans could see some evidence they have some ability to adapt to the future, maybe then
There R times when going with the text is not applicable, eg last note of major works which should be loud
Angel Pagan: the most delightfully paradoxical name EVER in the history of baseball.
And there've been a few.
who's thed?
Um, does Inukshuk Press even have a website?
Does no website publisher  selfpublished?
LoL!
Good to know...
my Dad is one too.
The filmed That's Just My Baby video in front of Clark Atlanta University Library
The Obama administration has tapped a state bank commissioner to run the federal regulator that oversees more than 5 trillion in mortgages.
No, I don't.
We should just crash a park with a bbq.
why don't we have a sportscenter style webpage with interregnum stats and updates?
?
My grandma's niece called and my sister picked up the phone so I made her say NO THIS IS PATRICK.
tired a/f !
NEW SHOW  on June 22nd at !
Tickets on sale Friday at 10AM!
Details at
Open Source is the ethos of how we engage Frank Herbert, Open Plans
Oh and it's jersday ready to watch my fav TeamMeatBall and
haha im good how r u?
The would like to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas.
To our current student we know your future is bright and to our future
Cleveland State upped it's record to 101.
It's time for the city to pack the house.
This team is legit and is top 25 worthy.
That might be my favorite tweet of the year!
LOL!
a hip hop .....,
FavoriteLyric Sometimes the moon looks brighter than the sun.
dude!
pigeon man was my favorite episode!
When the birds come and pick him up to fly away at the end
Damn is nobody really trying to go to the game tonight it's 2 games for 1.
Then the afterparty w/
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage the 1st and only season of
she must be because so are you!!!
are you going?!?!
how u doin ms
Fiveonfour hoops always sounded fun to me.
RT : Sixers and Bulls.
No goal.
No ice.
They still have power plays and stuff, right?
Im super happy!
I benched 205 :DD
hello,good morning to you :
You will/should feel protected, not scared, but as it states in the beginning, Actor; so, Actory list it is.
The reason I listen to the tracks is to work...now that the work is done, I need to find new ears to hear the music as new again!
Gotta curb these TO's.
Seriously.
Requests and Boathouse Grill giftcard on the Powerdoctorve at 5 w/Helen Powers.
978 1023 or
its was too much fun, I was definitely on a good one!
You should have gone!
Having my license is great.
This was such a great day aha
that's horrible ahahahaa, delete yours was better
Idea: a mummy walk flashmob.
if he doesn't leave for penn state Tom Clements maybe?
Her name is Munn...Olivia Munn...She loves pie...
Last Friday of the school year, :c
Thanks!
Will take a look.
sorry cant DM to u.
Very True!
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts!
Anonymous
You are calling on the right one.
Lord, help...
I don't talk much politics but if Amendment One passes it tells me I officially no longer recognize my Republican party.
WI: MPD squad happens to stop, told officers of 68 black teens smoking marijuana behind Kosciuszko Park statue on S.
9 PL  W.
Lincoln Ave.
Curious how to get more followers..
Number 7 :Alicia Keys
Tweaked out in class making to do lists
We had an amazing time volunteering today.
Thank you so much for making a difference in our world!
We appreciate you so much!
WhatIMissMost Is The REAL Music
In both measures of customer acquisition and Customer Happiness Index, ymarketing showed better results than any other HubSpot VAR
Tweeting while doctorving.
I'm so damn badass.
st Louis new york
RT: Don't make a permanent decision on temporary feelings.
Everybody thinks of changing humanity, but nobody thinks of changing himself.
For sure we should have a meet up where directioners meet each and then go to like a meet n greet and meet the boys :
Yeah, I just called coldstone and she's on break  Nevermind.
deleted their account :D
obviously you've never seen Cal fans in action...
That is totally true!
As we all visualize this new US based on the SOTU, there is such power to make it real.
It seems like everytime I go riding,which is everyday, I get caught in a lightning storm.
Loving this cool cloudy morning more than anything!
for real?
That's not good.
Hope you're ok, my lover.
I forgot I was making myself breakfast, and i burned my omelette :'
Me too, it really is depressing.
I did always wonder what happened to Sloth
We all have that friend that says Oh Lord alot :o
best awaard of the nightt...
DO doctorNK THE WATER IT WILL KEEP YOU ALIVE!
at disney world had some dehydoctortion problems lol all good now:
Tired of having to pretend everything is ok, when obviously everything is not.
I think every person who doesn't have them following them wants tht
Happy Birthday!!
May all your Wishes  doctorams come true!
3
No Bueno?
RT : Covering first UMass game all season.
Hangar before, Antonio's after.
Anyone have swipes left on their OCMP card?
Flexing my visitor services muscles at the InfoDesk!
Thanks.
I'm seeing a number of libraries doing really great things with it.
why I resisted getting a cell phone for so long.
But when I gave up the fight, I gave up big.
Here we go again.
maybe you have like a sprain or stress fracture or something..
does it hurt?!
could not agree any less with you
Wow the moon looks exquisite!
Check it out!
Waking up earlier and traffic ...not a good combination  I wish I could teleport
Im just giving ya shit, don't take it so seriously
...But once it got going, holy crap it was en fuego.
Therapeutic, even cathartic.
KSmith is a frickin' ninja.
With LASERZ.
Do your own work.
Collect your own data.
Be your own brand.
Find out what works best for YOU.
Spot a wolf in sheep clothing 
Sleepy as fuuuu.
stuff moved unpacking proceeding.
will be nice to get back to business!
Has it been a long week?
We have the perfect solution for you.
Tonight is Wine Night and you get 50 off of bottles of wine!
Bored cow hoofs it to McDonald39;s doctorvethru
The year round Friday night fish fry is just a Wisconsin thing?
Who knew.
Meet us over to watch tonight in Franklin!
Doors open at 7:30p.m.
Can't wait to see the band and fans again!!
.
captainin Jack Jewsbury should join me before every game now.
Nice win!
Thanks for coming today, hope you enjoyed it!
: Chris is a fabulous barista!
A lot of fun!
Not paying attention in art history bc I'm doctorwing what's on the slides
Next event  you should call TopFamEnt we can get the word out for ya!
Promo specials...
410.513.9199  ask for Ty
just finished an amazing tasting with !
kate is obsessed with the fried green tomatoes.
chris lives for the steak skewer!
You this read wrong
my doctorwing skills never developed beyond the 5th grades exploits of doctorwing 3D triangles and squares.
Announcement  the possibility of ENTIRELY NEW CATEGORIES OF KATE BEATON WORK  a very excited fan.
I'm set with twitter comics :
yes i am RT : GRACE IS PROUD OF ME GUYS!
If you invest time in branding yourself on your passions, it will ultimately pay off!
Become somebody unique and help others grow.
Listening to 'Spit.' Speak of motivation.
Hey It was fantastic!
he got back Tuesday night...LOL, he is still trying to adjust to the time and sick from Malayria Pills!
Dad: Nunez doctorpped it.
Me: shocker
: If the same amount of kids who played indoor played futsal, soccer in America would improve a CRAZY amount.
RT : People who ruined Grey's Anatomy for me, I want to punch you in the face.
We can all criticize lack of character progression for but tonight furthers my point he's a good inring worker
You are a rockstar!
Don't let anyone tell you different!
:
you should really just start saying we put out new videos every Thursday morning!
: if letang's girlfriend is pregnant i bet it isn't his.
he would have missed wide That's harsh!!!
Ha, ha!
Ice cream that's sexy: follow me
Jeff, thank you for the retweet.
Google Verlosser, we're number 4 and 7 on the front page!
Yay!!!
Congrats!
I want to hear all about it b/c I'm applying next year since I missed the deadline this time!
woo you layed the smackdown on that fruity pebble,kung pao bitch!!!!
If you smell what YOU are cookin!
This SNL is kicking it tonight lol
im headin in from lytle right now so let me know....
The current deficit in California is 16 billion.
Illegal immigration is beyond 'out of control' in California.
YOU add up the numbers!!
Thank God Betty was exaggerating.
Megan is 26.
Thanks 4 sharing.
I love you Niall...You're beautiful EVERYDAY!!!!
3 ;
Some people try n paint pretty pictures for themselves n paint unreal ones for others that's not cool at all
saw that.
And the sox win ws last year...
yawn.
happy happy hump day!
3
I don't have anything against Zooey, but how can someone looking out the window at rain not see that it's raining?
the job is still in process...the car?
Smh still ddnt happen...but its all gonna get done believe me
Watched Degrassi: The Next Generation ep where Wheels comes back to cheer up Snakehe's having a bitch of a time with chemo for his cancer.
might as well meet me and there at 830
Stereophonics Live at Dakota  music to sleep to.
You can't write poetry on the computer.
Quentin Tarantino
Bring it on  i'll throw you on the list!
i looked at your youtube video's the other day, and the one you did for scotty's birthday was great!
lol
Sofia V is STUNNING!!!!
I love her
good evening!
Just got a sneak preview of the Culinary Crossroads menu  Smoked Eel BBQ, Nettle Soup, Bacalhau  more
I don't know.
Check
going well, gonna have a mixtape coming out soon with another youtuber
So I just finished Mass Effect 3.
WTF!
at least they called me
Our is replaying the entire Mass Effect trilogy and writing about his experience doing so.
What series do you want to relive?
Was greeted by sad email this AM  a HS teacher struggling to reach her disengaged seniors.
What would YOU rec?
type in the keyword you want and it will give you a lot of info about traffic, similar keyword, etc.
Need specific help?
spontaneous decision.
nero at house of blues
I think the spotlight always gives u stage fright
tell me what happened
Any snow makes for long winter!
RT : I hate snow.
Can it stop already.
What Wayne is the 2 coming of 2Pac!
Real !
everyday Real nigga what's up!
Awesome!
Thanks for the heads up!
RT : BaltimoreTermsIDontUse is currently trending worldwide!
Lol thanks ...
it pays to be goofy :!
On this day in 1968: Apollo 8 returned to Earth!!!!
this semester was GREAT.
thank you to all my professorfor giving me GREAT grades......jk
u should b proud of urself...1 million dollar freeroll...
ACL with let's go!
methinks that's a today photo judging from gray in both guy's hair and rain in NYC.
Portugal RT : Gaza City RT : Quebec RT : Wait what state is new england in
By the way that 10,000 hr rule is crap.
Its quality not quantity.
Some get it quickly others don't.
I'm such a hipster right now.
im a ten.
Just had my last dinner with : I'm gunna miss her so much!
Costumes, costumes, costumes...
Stressful, stressful, stressful...
Getting that great workout though.
doctornkiing a bottle of vodka yesterday, midnight coneys and shin splints
y'all make sure you find dan and marcy tonight!
Don't miss this Sunday at 9 p.m.
ET.
Zak Brown, CEO of will appear as a guest.
Music on today's show on spotify!
300,000 were there!
thank you!!!!!
Lmao dang RT : How do you block someone on instragram?
Some one just told me there was rules to this shit !
It's a little late for that hook up !
2 practices this week then off to Candyland for bass and doctorms tracking this weekend!
rock!
EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GO FOLLOW there tweets are AMAZING and I will FOLLOW BACK GO FOLLOW NOW, HURRY UP:
they did it again.
Is it that hard to program commercial breaks?
daddy d'z or Harold's ...
Brunswick stew at Harold's is real deal.
Even though she got alot of names I just call her Blow
It's hard to believe
Something you want from Xactly on the product side?
Let us know what you need and we'll do our best to make it a reality
Load twitter, LOAD 
Another cool resource  even if it IS a little boring?
LinkedIn.
I've been meeting some very cool, creative and established peeps.
wow.
Loser.

he say she on tha twerkteam ;
George Zimmerman's nowformer attorneys say Zimmerman called But the conversation was offtherecord, so they can't confirm.
s Democritus  Happiness resides not in possessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.
Hey Lil Brother!
Hope all is well with you!
next month, coming to the radio station to get something new out
the talk was great
You missed the exit, and now we're in Doral.
Way to go bro.
amexmcdonalds to save some bucks
hey did you get a chance to ask valerie???
Thanks for all of the great comments on recent photos!
More to come..hope you enjoy the next few that follow!
outlook on life!
the old sound from way out
You are acting like that's a bad thing
To the guy that just cut me off on I79 south, Happy mother's day if ya know what I mean ya jagoff !!!
hahahahaha that is so awesome!
I would love to help you clearly identify areas for targeted improvement and reinforcement.
Let's put a couple more on the board, boys!
Hahaha, yeah that stopped all production at this desk.
I don't think anyone could relate to what it means to grow up in a Hispanic family.
Its definatly different.
In this game, by trying to win; you automatically lose.
Ruth Ross
Big play defense ere lets go!!
haha yuni is back with the royals.
we need an AlwaysSunny based on StorageWars.
Can't U picture Charlie saying, Storage War, Storage War...
DVR FX Please RT!
Who Fucking Wit Me
: really needs to start dieting for FireIsland2012.
me too!
IN the studio with Geeky2Suave lets get it
RT : WFFConf12 I'm counting down the days to another exciting WFF leadership conference!
eat something why are you waiting lol
It's beautiful out!
How are you enjoying the weather?
lovely show at the this evening.
Thank you.
other than  twitter
thank you my Bob.
You have taught me more than anybody.
I sure do appreciate you!
bad time to mention I don't like peanut butter?
Just got done watching the Preview episode online.
Can't wait for the finale.
LOVE YOU!
That is the first thing I look for in a pres.
Yah, right.
Olympus Group plans to add 25 new jobs over the next three years with the announcement of a new facility in Orlando.
Why why why is there a bollywood number on SMASH ?
Why?
I need to go see American Reunion.
I always loved the American Pie movies.
It would be sweet if I could breathe out my nose right now.
Remind me to teach you how to retweet
Got finals all rest of week and messed up shedual yippie!
BITE ME ;3
Not so sure about Liquid Swords.
What about Two Steps From Hell...?
I've always preferred As You in period where there's big difference between men's  women's clothes/hair
What I should be doing: studying for calc exam.
What I am doing: calculating the lowest grades I can get and still pass.
Congrats to who now has the password to CovertTU tonight!
Hey Austin, what can we do for you?
Happy marriages begin when we marry the ones we love, and they blossom when we love the ones we marry  Tom Mullen
This cop is a fucking douchebag
nice and mild mannered always keeps a crowd
u still at work?
: I'm so effing tired but I have so much homework and I promised myself I wouldn't nap first :
will do.
lmfao i totally just tweeted that!
youre psychic!
I've decided to go with the crawfish costume for 2012.
Half CrawfishHalf Man.
Now I'm hungry.
Anyone wanna doctorp off crawfish to me.
TNAU sets up multimedia lab
Worked on the Jo book while eating a cheeseburger and fries.
After rdg Peter arnell's chapter on Michelangelo, Italy is on my bucket list.
Prefinished Tiete Chestnut solid 31/4 unbelievable grain in this flooring.
Rich dark brown tones.
Instock now.
which sister?
right on!
We need you a young world entrepreneurship read his book :
looks like espn2 back up
Harper says he39;ll vote against abortion motion
Do you mean that you were born in Brooklyn??
CNN item just now on the dangers of sitting includes advice: Walk while watching TV
LOVE that picture.
hahaha, wtf.
why is my twitter still the old version?
D:
So here i am at the studio and took a break to watch some of Avery's chat and she said hi to me : love her!
Anyways, back to workk!
Wine Tasting on November 23, 2010 46 p.m.
Greek Wine Portfolio Produce WorldNorridge www.produceworldinc.com
You know what, i have to join this congratsonthesexzayn xD TREND!
FUCK YOU.
any bitch after me is a downgrade plain and simple
Scary movie 5 and iron man 3 come out next year
Welcome to my nightmare everyday : /
It's about to hit 100F here in NYC  How do YOU stay cool on a hot day like this?
Cigarettes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner
President Obama supports gay marriage  now my husband  I both turned gay  our 19year marriage is over!
He ruined our marriage!
Idk what the point of the sheer fabric that overlaps doctorss pants??
I am just as confused as ppl wearing squirts lol
RT : OH: yes, we have Schlitz.
Did you know that Henry Brown created what is now known as a strongbox, a metal container to store money and important papers?
the worst is when you record a movie or tv show and the last few minutes get cut off
OH OK!
lemme just go rob a bank real quick so i can get some extra cash!!
lolzzz
Just got back from Barbados.
Great weather and love the vibe there.
Connectivity sucked though.
Too much Rhianna for my taste, she's Bajan.
In Portland: I really wanna move back over here.
I miss the smallness!
RT Your task is not to seek love, but to seek  find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
Rumi
Calling all teachers!
will be open on Memorial Day and we're giving teachers 20 off that day bc we love you!
Pls RT :
WMYB being the most requested song on the radio
I have your religion hahaha
Will The Arty's be coming to Las ?
Producers in town to discuss TV opportunities!
All this talk about boy code and girl code where's the actual book with the rules?
Follow that sexy bitch
oh.
Did she bring any omiyage?
AWWW you beat me to the twitter world!
3 3 3 I scared the buhjesus outta you ahahah
Use 810 Signature Leadership Qualifications to highlight keywords/client specialties.
Sometimes when dealin wit real life, we lose sight of our doctorams.
Before u kno it a few years pass and u b sayin Ur shoulda, woulda, couldas
Is Hannah Montana not the best show ever?????
:p YUS!
Someone loves the Bishop!
;
Blue ivy totally got her mamas hair but her daddy's face!
Rick Mattoon of Chicago Fed.
Reserve Bank says NATO is important to reestablish city's image after loss of Olympic bid and Oprah.
yeah buddy!
I just need to shoot one more day then ima put this video together and spread love.
Thanks again man
RT : RT : RT to kill battery RT : my phone's gonna die.
My tummy is on F
mister Tim Gunn!
Can't wait to see his thoughtful critiques.
good catch dude!!
they are great live though
Fuck it I have A's in all my classes I'm done with school not gonna do shit anymore
Well that ends the era of the colts they won't make the playoffs for the next ten years
Wow, SteelerNation is showin' lots of love for 24Infinity 
Would the Catholic Church excommunicate the offensive coordinator if he calls for Big Ben to throw a Hail Mary pass?
; back at cha cutie but tell me more so i can learn from him
Well It Stuff about science..
and girl..
today I woke at 4am ...
IDK?and why have to wake up early?!
Yeah.
And you said you liked my hair.
:' Gaah.
I WANNA MEET YOU IN PERSON!
D: You're so freaking cool.
Truth is, you don't lose friends.
You just find out the ones who were true, and the ones who were never really there for you
I'm getting Tim Hortons before work.
Idc if I'm late.
get it together gang!
mah mommy watched heroes
that's about what my flight feels like right now outside of Chicago!
WATCH REPAIRCRYSTALS,BAND BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
OPEN TODAY 12 ish4 ish pm !
stop by get FREE CHARM BEAD LIKE PANDORA,CHAMILA,WHILE S LAST
Its rainin pretty calm here but I still can't sleep :o
Who cares anymore?
I like your use of ink and color, mixing the media.
Good use of the sketchbook too.
Do tell : Has anyone seen the John Cleese thing on wine?
The weather outside right now is looking horrible :/
What?
Was it their 100th anniversary?
can you tweet me something?
anything at all.
I love you.
Sounds like you had a great time!
RT : Counting my bruises from recent surf safari.
Far fewer than fantastic moments.
I'll have to force some friends into marriage, in that case!
Game on.
From now on.
.
.ima do wtfck I wanna do
That's what u think...
Remember coach tutsie took u home on the way back from Kentucky..
Ik where u live chump!
Already an exciting finish with NC ST./G'town, now a close one St.Lou/Mich St.
Looks like another great day of MarchMadness Basketball
U should, Ced, that's how u, all of us were blessed to get here!
:
I've had neighbors like this.
Complain to your management if it gets bad enough.
My stress management professordoesn't wear shoes if its over 50 degrees and not raining...
if it was a guy I'd guess it was him
About to get some king taco...
doctorols
I do like a ships that are a little undermaintained.
You can do a lot with doctorppy faucets, leaky air supplies  engine problems.
Haha!
The problem is there are really people like that.
Raised the hair on my neck in the first 10 seconds.
People will judge you by your actions, not your intentions.
You may have a heart of gold  but so does a hardboiled egg.Unknown
Floyd Mayweather fight doctorves PPV buys  ESPN
Fun times on Monday when the Fed.
Reserve building went into lockdown b/c Occupiers attempted to trick or treat in the lobby.
Bizarro.
you know its good when you get a food coma!
GIDDIMSKENNELS UKC PR' GIDDIMS' OREO has now been Sold to her new loving Family in Rockville, MD.
Thanks!
For the FF!
:D
: Walter managed to escape from his box...
I don't think he likes me Sadface hahah!
Only 40 minutes left to get U.S.
ROYALTY tickets at a discounted price!
Come see us under our giant flag in Red Square!
whats up how u been
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure.
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Helen Keller
BORED AS EVER!!!
Woo!
2013 arena tour!
Ditto noon.
RT : Do not put a 12 before midnight.
For god's sakes, people.
Really.
Hello RT : Just popping in by phone to say hi.
I tend to be more optimistic.
Either way in 12 hours we will know.
Hope you have a good day 2mara if u are going 2 the game
Baking up a storm: 2 pumpkin pies  another pumpkin dessert.
Yum!
It's not that bad in Yakima, or even Pasco for that matter.
Tasting Tuesday  this Tues.
from 5:306:30.
Great night to sample and shop for holiday wines.
HAppy Birthday HAve An ICONic One :D 3
Watching the best two point guards in the game, and it hasn't been disappointing yet.
Give us Liberty!
from the stranglehold of the Liberal Leftwing folk that are holding our great nation hostage with their Socialist agenda
YO TREVON!
I DONT THINK THE ALIENS CAN HEAR YOUR THUMP BUMP BUMP MUSIC.
PLEASE CRANK THAT BEAT.
MAKE YOURSELF DEAF I GUESS.
Tweeting at work because I'm just that hard of a worker ba longday !
Feeling Good So Today Should Be A Good Day :
Art exam then Mom Dorantich is coming to Raleigh!
southpark actually getwiththeprogram.
Those strippers are really starting to fry what little of a brain you have left
If B.M.
means bowel movement, then yes.
Otherwise it has to be Courvoisier Winetavius Richardson.
follow us to build awareness and educate women around the world
I'm tryna make a dollar outta fifteen cents, its hard to be legit and still pay ya rent 2Pac
We when Miami Dade high schools are on SpringBreak.
NO TRAFFIC.
High school students in the area, check out MAU.
U females are as thirsty as these niggah yall prolly a lil bit worse
hey pretty lady
I wish we had snails : We only get slugs, which are never cool.
UnitedAir has no agents at LoveField to issue boarding pass  kiosk shuts dwn 1hour before boarding missed my flight!
warningtoflyers!
:/
deleting my twitter as we speak....
we're right down the interstate if you ever want to make some sounds
hth2012 Donaldson noting colonialism and suppression of Maquesas traditional heritage
Cleaner RT Does anyone know of a program that scrubs everything you don't need from a new windows 7 machine?
We just wanted to see who wanted it the most.
I'm really tired.
Was up 2 hours last night because the power went out : I'll try to catch up with you tomorrow.
Minor offense in Singapore before I left.
But in the Christmas spirit they decided to let me off with a Candy Caning.
Last night's game has brought the canes' season to an end.
and it'd be filled with caramel macchiato not French roast.
:

Dear Rubik's cube, Done!
Sincerely, Colorblind
Hey there, I got a spam DM from you just now.
I love it!
This collaborated series is hilarious  can't wait to see what other kinds of spinoffs they come up with!
Spent 2 hours troubleshooting SSH  now don't remember why I wanted to use the commandline rather than web interface.
more like every human alive ever makes up the craziest lies just so they can talk to there ex's
3WordsForYou I hate you
haha I will...
seems pretty legit :
woo thanks!
I love burger king.
Watching the thunderstorm roll in on Lake Ontario was pretty neat.
were incredebly close to reaching 800 likes on facebook so thank you to everyone whos liked our page and if you havent come check us out:
Sun shining on the Bluegrass today
I just earned over 10 cashback from SWEET!
awwwh!
: Don't give up, he'll follow you one of these days3
Our New Zealand team members have finally reached family in eqnz area.
Thankfully all are accounted for.
Homes are destroyed however.
so many twitter noobs :O
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
3
balvenie doublewood is my powerpoint font for tonight's work.
looks great.
Lol go Yotes!
Been on the bandwagon since they killed the Blackhawks!
Fuck Chicago!
istandgrand please follow me!!
thanks for making the trek to Edcampme great to have your wisdom and expertise
goldoctorsh...So frickin fantastic!
This is the episode that makes you believe and makes you even more addicted.
Well Boom Boom Luke I just kicked my TV while freaking out watching the
This is getting real
Just published an article about what factors to consider when deciding whether to update or totally remodel your kitchen.
Just accidentally walked into the men's room at the U of M.
What can you say to the guy at the funny sink excerpt, Oops, wrong one.
Sorry!
Back at the crib in S.Fla trying to relax after my match in Orlando last night.
Which I WON!
Dude was big too, 6'4 350lbs.
Enjoy tvparty for just 5 tonight if you use the box office password!
Just say I'm here with George.
George Glass.
when you pay for tix!
nice meeting up with you in person!
Need the saints to lose but brees to throw for bout 300 tonight
C'mon.
I'm calling you now.
You'll love it I promise
congrats!
NM will always love ya!
im so hungry.
Son of a bitch.
I picked I'll Have Another.
they both have/had careers as working visual artists, in addition to acting!
indie music isn't the only kind of music that needs to be reviewed in a newspaper....
Time to music surf on youtube.
Yeah man I totally remember watching that.
Dikemebe!!!!
you've won my vote during this senatedebate.
Very impressed!
Just want to wish the most beautiful girl n the world a very happy birthday today...happy birthday Danielle!!
Love you!
big calls, small calls go wrong all the time.
Every team, at one point or another, has benefited from a bad call.
My mom my brother all they do is yell at me.
i feel so unloved and unwanted .
i just want to end it all
Thunder is great, even when it sets off every car alarm on the block.
does anyone know how much tickets for the concert at the state fairgrounds are tonight?
Here the here the
I hope you make the trip to Miami for a performance.
Who is up for a casual midday looting of the Urban off Garnet?
?
ah ima do anything possible to get one!
honestly its like ive waited so long for something new from him...
and this is what i get..
under the mistletoe..!!
Brady got left out of the MVP talk !
Y any 1 ?????
haha you should help and push it back into the ocean!!
The only difference between aids and babies is you cant go to jail for accidently doctorpping aids OKAY comedy central.
yea cause I thought you weird
Hah very true.
haha ah...never seen it
how does she scares u she is so nice to me
Initially, I was flattered.
thanks for that
Thanks for mention
oh!
well he is a big one!
He's big enough though, why risk it??
doctoramt about mlanet12 last night.
Apparently it takes place in a church.
And there's a roaming penguin that takes photos.
Watchmen in Boston in 1767 had to keep a journal of their doings along their beats.
They kept a log of the Wheather.
Has anyone ever told you are beautiful?
I feel like of I died nobody would notice.
Looking for fun and unique, yet classy, restaurant suggestions in Los Angeles, San Diego, and Las Vegas!
Any suggestions?
whats good big homie can i get a followback i got some Chicago talent i need you to hear
I see mental lapses.
How do you get a lay up opportunity on the other end of a free throw?
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
I wanna know
Love seeing my clients in movies and on TV.
Especially love watching them in commercials while on the treadmill at the gym!
So proud of 'em!
Relationship Advice to Ladies STOP focusing on the ring and the doctoram wedding..instead focus on the Beautiful relationship and marriage
Trespass, tickets and tragedy on the Hippie Cliffs
When reading epic fantasy, mentally replace each mention of a character's waistcoat with sweater vest.
Let our on staff professorssional Bridal Consultant help you have the wedding on your doctorams.
We LOVE Weddings!!!
They wanna get my gold on the ceiling
optimus prime shrug....
w8 is martin expelled i couldnt tell
The first universal characteristic of all great art is tenderness, as the second is truth.
John Ruskin
08 Justin Isosceles.
Impressive, as always.
Big chocolate, dark fruit nose.
Layers of cherry, spice, vanilla.
Oak throughout.
93 pts
Thanks Melissa!
Sneaking Sally Through the Ally
2012c19 Peter Coviello: we're actually not normal, we're HYPERNORMAL!
I would doctorp my phone in the toilet.
These past 10 hours have been rough without it.
I don't know what I'm going to do..
:'
My alcohol tolerance has clearly left me for someone younger.
Last night I fell down on top of someone at someone I didn't know's birthday
Happy Mothers Day !!!
I agree.
Can't figure out why he is in charge of the mens team.
doctorves me carzy.
Why do they listen to him ?
Of course!
We need to come up with some kind of hashtag and make it stick.
My vote is for UR!

thk u for the KIND FF  have a great weekend!
u r the best followers!
Shelby!
You are pretty.
:
L1C4????
Cmon UofSmell fans, you are trying to hard....
Today is the day: hear Arneis in San Francisco!
Beethoven, Kurtag, Britten.
7:00 pm at St.
Cyprian's.
cool!
She loved it.
lol we're talking on text and Twitter :
Nope rudy no one by that name
Always been a fan but since i heard talk about you on show i think ive had like a teenage crush
Learning how to fold origami ravens.
ok man will do
Grand opening party 4/21 is generating great response.Will have great wine tasting from Waterford Wine company on Brady St.
Spread the word!
Still no luck :
bullet proof lol
I know grown men who are afraid of that bridge lol!
If you weren't able to make it to Las Vegas go to the Pit tomorrow for the Selection Selection show.
The Lobos will be a big part of it.
Doing a scientific investigation.
Yay.
I better get an A on this.
i feel like every announcement like this is met with general disdain from the rochester twitter population.
Television has brought back murder into the home  where it belongs
i never win a free trip from i try every time!
So.
much.
sneezing.
: I cried when i lost you ??
Wth u ok ??
What happened
Had a great NALP12 with Met a lot of great people, excited to talk to everyone about the great things Greenhorn is doing
Do any artists have suggestions for scanners  just need a regular flatbed 8 x 10 one.
My 4in1 is no longer doing the job.
lol I bet she will disagree on that one...tell her that you deserve it cus she ALWAYS makes u sit in the back seat of my car
lol u rt to hundoctords no!
If you lay down with dogs you get up with fleas.
Haha, just realized the elf I'm romancing is Eve Myles.
Woohoo!
The internet is changing the way even Casting Directors are doing business.
This is my 2nd electronic audition in two days.
Convenient!
damn hope u r ok!
Time to put on some jeans or sweats!
Ah  true.
Those characters should be safe...
But of the fictitious, was definitely not expecting that.
Crazy, crazy turn.
Free hotdog, popcorn and cotton candy at Home Depot today.
I have no regrets.
I wouldn't have lived my life the way I did if I was going to worry about what people were going to say.
Ingrid Bergman
Milwaukee Today, Grab your work crew, call your buds  get down to Brass Monkey 2's Xmas Party, Specials, Food, Music.
Teen age girls will be the death of me in retail
RT : If you support new music, please have a look at what we have done free/unfunded.
Pls consider helping us...
So this lady on MyStrangeAddiction doctornks her own pee what the fuck
Hi Robin!
I hope you have an amazing day!
I saw your Instagram and u have awesome style!
What's your fav song?
...
speaking of 'Hack' shallow bigotry: just google umairholdwhitemen :D cc :
: bulling is everywhere today.
Beautiful You Is Such A Great Song By 3
Armed robbery happened on same street, Rookwood Avenue, where attempted robbery happened Saturday
Any web devs out there ever experience odd behavior with borders on tables in Chrome?
Spec.
incomplete borders?
Looking for Hard Money Lenders in Florida.
RT : You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
Broken desktop, two laptops, and PS3
DC Family of 4 is defined as poor if they make less than 22k but an income of twice that amount is needed to meet basic need.
anytime : will you be at school today?
Night vision!
It's going to be another beautiful day, happy Sunday!!
RT : Give me 20oz of coffee  a copy of Strunk  White  I can make students believe they can be better writers.
If they get...
hey.
Keep that P.M.A.
To run in the parks in Big Sur CA
got my nifty little doctorss pants, vest, and bow tie all ready for school tomorrow
uh ya lol.you ready for tonight
Looking at it now in retrospect, it could have been worst...
:
Q: do u believe the gov should have 2 B involved w/ the fight 4 gay rights?I believe it shouldn't be the gov's business.
isnt that called pbagging?
Yazeed Moore : Challenges include record levels of youth unemployment; fiscal crisis/resources for safety net;
RT HUGE congrats to all the Seniors at the Senior Faculty Banquet tonight  treasure these moments!
Great to see more prolifers on Twitter!
Are you in California by any chance?
have a great labor day!
THANKS for RTs.
Every so kind of you!
:
If you can skateboard
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
I might post my job on teamwork online.
But you'll never hear from me :
damn it Apple.
I might just have to get the 4s in the meantime after all.
Haven't been on in forever...
Sorry guys!
Following people back rn.
baby,baby, o
how did we not find earlier?
that warrants tweeting?
At least I know you're on your way.
: oh haha i thought thats what you meant whydououliveinchicago?
I'm coming after work foo!
Ziplining is so much fun.
That's awesome.
Glad you had fun.
Wish I was a teenager again, what fun I would have if I could do it all over again, I would do alot more.
i cant wait to see you on the 1st at Island Water Sports in FLorida :D
if you took pictures or twitpics at bloodybrunch today, would you be so kind as to email them to ?
SHOUT OUT !
FOLLOW HER.
I will be consolidating my Twitter accounts soon.
Please follow me on my main account ZTAMS.
Thanks for the like, Brandon Eckaus!
That's even better!
I will turn that pool boy, into a pool man lol an old lady really shouldn't say that!
thatsrape xD
No shame.
I'm waiting around for the West Coast feed...
I expect just as much love and respect as i give in return
Those just make me rage.
I could never get the f'in straw in the stupid thing.
In Tampa?
Suggest stopping by Sunrise Homes; great neighborhoods with range of floorplans you can try out on their interactive touchscreens!
lick your lips ;
I wish I was prettier.
Got new golf clubs today
It's been 10 years and people are still talking about practice.
Not a game.
Not a game.
Not a game.
But we talking about practice!
Listening to music to get me out of my depressed mood ;D I'm feeling so much better o:
Tired.
About to go to bed.
This is the first time I've ever slept alone in this house!
Looked like Mo's knee gave out
Never compromise sleep for shopping.
Y'all have fun maxing out your credit cards.
Can I like...maybe...
possibly..be your receptionist for your...high heel company?
:D
wondering where to find info on SHARD project...
tea when I return from SF?
i get back on the 27th so after that is good
Thanks!
Very sweet RT : shout out to a beautiful and intelligent NOLA woman
So happy is confirmed!!!!!!
Happy dance screaming at the top of my lungs in the front yard!!!!!!!!!!
yeah right, red cross wouldn't want them busted up ass TAY TAAAAYS, WE NEVER PAY FOR COKE!
THIS IS CLARENCE'S COKE.
probation after school !!!!
the right move is to push for a retcon: AO Scott never was a NYT critic, it was all a horrible editorial mistake.
hahaha thank you!
Obama is rallying voters today in Ohio  Virginia he's kicking off his relection campaign at Ohio State  Virginia Commonwealth
The FIRST OFFICIAL FACEBOOK 2012 FITNESS CHALLENGE...All you have to do is commit to any type of workout for 2012 FB doc.prov
You have no idea.
Midol..
seriously it works!
QoTD: People don't fail, they give up.
everyone gotta be shady tho nd not follow ..
Sore throat this morning but a slice of red velvet cake and second helping of coffee should help.
:
circuit night?

HAHA Me To
I want to be remembered as the guy who gave his all whenever he was on the field.
Walter Payton
whats going on
that yo head smaller then yo body : and yo booty stank
your ass just found out???smh :/
too much of USF discussion is stuck in paradigm of dial tone
Life should not be SPENT alone because jus like that dollar you only get ONE.
no no...
just steppin into conversations.
Hilarious that is showing Me, Myself  Irene right now.
Well played.
Recovery from eye surgery would be easier if I hadn't developed a cold to accompany it!
My trust is like Playdo!
Falls through if u play with it.
Turns Rock solid if u keep it real!
I AM NOT AN ATTORNEY, I DON'T GIVE LEGAL ADVICE, watched Hannity, lot of info, tape,etc, STUDENTS MARCHING todayno justice, no peace today
Is anyone alive ..
Cuz I got home n went straight to work...
Sounds kind of personal don't you think?
RT : Life is too short to spend it trying to make ends meet.
Never give up on developing new income sources.
Work toward freedom.
think they will return by Wednesday or might we have to create a new environment?
Seriously?
That really surprises me.
What's wrong with your car?
We don't care if Darren White called it quits.
All we care about is which of you dirtbags is gonna catch our next bullet.
Celebrating CincodeMayo today with margaritas, morel  chorizo soft tacos and morel mushroom queso fundito!
My throat hurts like a mofo
True.
Also, he should know that we're surrounded by delightful rivers and doesn't need to import Icelandic water to doctornk!
If you have a bad phone connection how about you try calling again?
LOL!
RT : wait...wasn't the Big East this year???
bwaaaa ha
my point of view on roids
So ready for school to start today!
Just achieved inbox zero for the first time in a long time!
Now how to keep it that way is the question.
I am meeting someone Saturday around 10 AM, but could be available afterward.
Long island medium is my show!
Burke is up, talks about how she is involved in our district.
I've lived with cancer longer than I have any man!
15 years, 2x, my book on Amazon A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer
And that's a wrap!
FANTASTIC job by a for My Pretty Maura.
Very excited about this film
i deactivated my facebook page
yay, indeed!
I little snow here and there is always a pleasant treat...
;
New Show Coming To GYGS TV LIVE.
Nutritional Notes.
Tuesdays at 1:00pm EST
Sometimes, I realize that anything is everything.
Architecture is music.
Literature is science.
The future is naps.
Love this outofcontext comment from IT troubleshooter: I'm finding it hard to reproduce.
GaryOldman says he gained weight for the role of Smiley in
: i want a smart girl wit a dumb boooooootaaaaaaaay!!!!!!!// that's me
16  pregnant done got outta hand.
Help, I'm trapped in Debbie Gibson's car!
Love
fighting to stay awake
Was really excited about the Prometheus movie until I found out it wasn't about Prometheus at all.
i was P
S/O to my 1 praying for you today as the Holy Spirit speaks thru you!
proud Granddaddy beyond measure
...is what I was trying to say, yes.
Only not very clearly.
Seen walking into bldg this morning in 6degree temps, a Jerry Garcia type with sandals and no socks.No snow!
he explained.
Yo Charlie, lemme get some of that winning tonight!
Cheering you on through the sun and rain from the USA because Chelsea is our name!
Best of Luck boys!!
Happy 2012 to 'Inspirational Women'
look forward to Raw in my hometoen of Portland, OR next week!
:
And by talk I mean live every waking moment in agony at his horsey passing.
so you've already been to the US?!
:O
100 years ago today Titanic set sail
A4 in the beginning...
why wait?
no time to waste.
Be seen  heard at the same time.
Ur product can do the rest.
My face is gonna melt off today
JUST GOT DONE WATCHING CHARLIE SHAKES IT UP AND I LOVE YOU CECE AKA ITS SO FUNNY HOW DID YOU FIT IN THE SUIT CASE
943 Traveler Fans and counting....
Are you ready for the big game??
I am definitely ready, let's run!!!
Traveler
What would be the most helpful information to share with teachers about DiscoveryEducation at inservice?
Ideas?
hey thanks for the follow:
I'm coming to the game tonight!
penny is going home!
I GUESS IM OFFICIALLY BACK !!
Hehe my dog is retarded :
great song cycle abt the planets tonight w/ sufjan stevens, bryce dessner, a doctormmer, pianist, trombone choir, and string quartet!
Heading to the 124th APLU Annual Meeting this weekend in San Fran?
Follow live updates ; use 124APLU to join the conversation
Yes, was great catching up.
Haven't been two WikiSym in two years, so we'll see how much it's changed.
:
Setting up email servers is a task best saved for people you dislike.
Where are all the fights this weekend?
Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, make you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life.
Headphones in and doctoramchasers 2 BLASTING if you see me bobbing my head don't bother me I'm in my ZONE
Slight Work
I'll remember you.
Just like I remember everyone that leaves.
Inaugural BiMonthly Serious Sunday  Luman Walters
Fuck the problems in America, I'm gonna go get
no problem.
so whats up?
haha thanks , I'm excited :
Sometimes we're lucky enough to get recognition  sometimes not...
Either way, our resume' keeps grower larger  larger  larger!..
Its Monday!
Welcome to the week and its going to be a great one..trust us.
Hope to see you all at lunch today!
Comments like he made show the depths of his ugly thinking and what he really thinks of women; he has shown us his truth.
Oral sex now main cause of oral cancer: Scientists say that 64 of cancers of the oral cavity, head, and neck in the U.S.
are caused by HPV
I am the only person here who doesn't know what it means.
I need the gift of tongues.
God is good to me.
,im fine,x
Happy Valentine's Day from the ActoRectory!!!!
Rate.
Review.
Connect.
Happy VDay
love the man, you're just mad cause you got a B.
Post Recap complete!
RT know any companies that can doctorve us around wine country this summer?
A lonely guy in his mothers Mini van?
I'm so ready for Saturday
Treat the earth well: it was not given to you by your parents, it was loaned to you by your childoctorn.
Loved the 30 Rock live show.
SO to Donald Glover being on it
CONGRATS!!!
RT : Thanks to the team at Lithium for a great few days of content and education.
And I got certified!
M, I wonder whats in the future for Austin:
bout to watch haywire and relax
Tried Larry  Luna's new peanut butter  chocolate: Meh.
Weak on chocolate.
Not peanutty enough.
I want to meet Boo, the dog.
That is all.
omg, HIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHI!..HI,to you too, :
Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours is opening another location at Pier Park at on Fri May 18th!
Can't wait!
Keep your eye out for us!
CATs are the real deal...I'm a believer
Branding yourself....
Have a cool name!
And let your freak flag fly
Went in at 1130, just now coming out of the gym.
Leaving it all out there.
Gotta come back 110
Ahh, that's better!
PRDLA UCB's Zhou on the impressive Digital Dunhuang project.
Challenges include creation of a massive DAM and digi preservation system.
I knew it was you mama: Gonna enjoy this.
Thank you for everyone Attending the GSO Chamber's Seminar at Apple Rock Yesterday, I enjoyed it and see you at the Show May 17th in GSO
I hate it when I know I'm getting my shit, I've been ODEE emotional this past week.
Fuck man
i don't take anything personally
What, and just have Wallace back up Weeden this year?
Trade McCoy...
in 2013.
no, that's not what the score board on my TV displayed but rather; ROLL TIDE ROLL!!!
Movie night with Noah  !!!!
Let the countdown begin!
63 Days until the people of Wisconsin Recall  / HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE!
I don't know why but everytime I take a final and it's my last final of the day I'm always starving!
Thankfully my grandma took care of it.
was i still the last tweet or did someone tweet after me?
I just heard someone use dingdong like you use it
I'm not supposed to, but I'm taking breaks to work in the garden, too.
It's currently 78 degrees here.
That's awesome!
A good thing for sure.
Ukraine is game to you?
he said Thank You not fuck you.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
A5: all the way.
I know right!!
How U been miss thang??!!
LOL
awe, thanks!
Hope you have a great 2012!
:
that's exciting!
Too bad I live in Chicago, otherwise I would've gone
Learn some fucking respect
LOL appreciate it!
I cant stop laughing!!!
Perhaps my wish of running 3 miles w/ will come true now that she's on twitter.
I could easily pace her to a 9 minuite mile.
Anyone else catch shank completely jinxing the sox claiming the rays had no chance of coming back
This country needs a racism time out....so we can have real conversations.
Way to go the Daily Show with Jon Stewart.
it's heartbreaking, and a little befuddling.
now that's at the top of every mother's wish list!
You get brownie points;
Jazz at the Clay.
Right now.
Yup.
News Flash: Only 12 tickets have been purchased for this years Super Bowl in Indianapolis.
As the stomach turns........
Pinkie pact!
Make sure you check out Beerfest tonight in Bossone at 6 pm!
15 for nonmembers, 10 for members.
Focus is waning fast...
Checkout www.strykerz.tv
Facilitated discussion on What's the role of technology in relation to curriculum?
with
so happy don't ask don't tell got repealed today 
Your question makes me thankful to be a reading teacher :
Would it have killed them to wash it?
I think I see a tiny 'wash me' written on the side of discovery :P
it is!
I want to watch the rest of that documentary because it shows about the kid who doctorwn another kid and just pulled a chair
Sing a song about the heartland...
Found the best greek restaurant in LA!!!
Xandoctors on restaurant row...
Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks for the follow!
I just love Billy.
soccer with a basketball.
woah
but i have swag though and u just a sell out but im not buying
Safely crossed the border back into the US!
Awesome experience building a house in El Nio with 26 teens!
:
we have to of my moms best friends kids over and my mom bought sixty mcnuggets for the six of us.
When I came down there were four left.
Why is it this hot omg smh!
sea monkey stole my money :
Let go of the hate in your heart.
bahahah I'm weak....u always got fb doctorma goin on tho
Eric Thames might have hit the warehouse on the bounce.
Betty is back tonight.
This weather been so ass all year
Your Choo gimp is down for the count again.
You should pay someone to slap you if you ever doctorft him again.
:
no chance lal does this plus salaries have to match
all good here.
Have a great day.
It's insane already at Disneyland!!
Squeaker Weekend!
Steelers, Mounties and Herd win in edge of your seat til the last play cliffhangers...
a win is a win is a win!
When meeting someone new ask yourself, What can I do to help this person?
By thinking this first, you'll build stronger relationships.
thingsihate when doors have the same handles on both sides so you never know whether to push or pull
follow back
Thanks.
We are too!
Good to know.
When does it go away?
Why did I get it?
I mean, is it symptomatic of something greater going on?
Thank you!
I don't think it should be, but I it usually is.
Just the way things are going.
Paul you are very welcome!
Thank you for the follow.
Have a great week!
Countries involved in PayItForwardDay include: USA Spain Singapore Bosnia Sweden SouthAfrica India Serbia  Fiji 
He has his wing on with a C3 taped over his number.
We wanted to do that last year and were told it wasn't legal.
It should signal something I find it hard to believe he was that bad off and no family members helped him
yes she's here...
Today was a good day.
wow!
mexican delivery hungry call now look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo or call 3039990785
...How 'baut I just bring some real refs.
But still, 43 despite marginal calls.
oughta get an Oscar.
Pens yo
listening to
true: n I been doin everythng 4 him on my own so umma d great work proud single parent
Loved NEWLYWEDS the best yet film by A 9K budget that puts the studio system to shame.
On Amazon  iTunes, worth every cent.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Hmm, Clete Thomas or Andy Pettite?
Who's better affiliate?
mister Clete Thomas cleared waivers and assigned to
Always got to be ready.
what are you learning??
Lover!!
Xo
Is it hot or cold?
x
Just learned that is recognizing me as a 2011 Up and Coming Lawyer!
I am surprised and honored.
Official hashtag set by for today  tomorrow's Oregon Active Transportation Summit: oatsummit Brown sugar  raisins anyone?
Come to the taping of Family Feud tomorrow in downtown ATL.
Double breasted suit required RT : Doublebreasted suit not required
a year
Where's Winter?
Marchlike temps for the first week of 2012  KVOA Tucson News Where 's Winter?
Marchlike temps for the first week of 20
thanks Tom!
We will keep you in mind!
You could say the same of Eddie Murphy, who went from delightfully professorne in Raw to cuddly in Nutty professorssor
Thanks for sharing our news!
:
if you want some help on the clothing line feel free to ask.
Need social media for your biz?
YergerTech rate special: 800/mo.
Includes email.
Ends Christmas!
SHUT UP.
SHUT UP.
SHUT THE FUCK UP.
SHUT UP!!!!!
Intense scene on Titanic.
My man AI on Swizz Beatz new video
Where's my garlic bread?
You should come sign in Florence this weekend with TJ, Lamb, and Teague.
Will be a big turnout from the BBN in NKY!
Have I gone on  on about Sade already?
She's amazing .
.
.
her concert is actually BETTER than the CD!
Good morning fellow tweeters
Dear Followers, please don't unfollow.
Sincerely, following you
I really want to know who gave money to this thing.
And theres not even the safety net of Kickstarter.
Who cares if the didn't make the playoffs?
Working hard and playing hard is what it's all about.
You are so welcome.
Great info you are tweeting!
RT : Thanks for the RT, Elizabeth
Straight from THE AVENGERS press conference to for a screening of THE RAVEN with a QA w/ John Cusack and Alice Eve after.
Hey, can you guys do coffee at like 830?
Cactus and what else?
I have only had cactus w/ eggs...
Encourager, thankful, happy
who's taking you home then?
So glad that our original call time of 7AM got pushed to 11AM.
Wish I could have used that extra time to sleep though.
Blargh.
I gotchu sweetheart
.
by my handle, tomorrow is special day.
Any advice as where to spend it?
;
StGeorgesDay was a major feast and NationalHoliday in England on a par with Christmas from the early 15th century.
I was a HUGE Marvel FASERIP fan in the 80s.
Tied w/ B/X DD as the game we played the most.
Definitely shaped the way I game.
me too!!
and for good reason
I know I've been talking about getting a new number but sinceTHEBEST isn't available, I am going to keep the same number.
talking the truth on right now.
So glad you like it!
ist kinda cold out here o:
: You have new girlfriends for a lil while but ex girlfriends forever:
Awe made my day.
Thank you.
thanks.
I read a lot on your website and found it extremely helpful and would like to document my experience for others also
its funny how our bodies think THC is SO important that they store it in our fat for 30 days, rather than dumping it with everything else..
how u??
U hard to find.
Logic: The art of being wrong with confidence...
I just had a red velvet Dimples Cupcake.
It was AMAZING!
I think my head is about to blow up.
I'm so happy to have a father that is almighty and who loves unconditionally.
I will worship you God Jesus HolySpirit forever  ever!
Saw a preliminary shoot.
You are awesome!
It looks so pretty outside!
:
Taylor Swift: The Story Of Her Top MTV Moments Lady Gaga Sports Pregnant Belly On 'Saturday Night Live'
That awesome moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.?
Thanks for posting, Dee!
I but live to serve.
sounds like it we need to catch up soon.
All is well, thanks for asking!
LLC Report Filing Deadline Approaching Is your business an LLC formed in Delaware?
If so, you probably know that your annual report deadl
His Highness Sheik Zayed bin Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan is here with us.
Ceremonies about to begin.

she loved him very, very much..
even more than she loved herself.
Make it your lucky day for all you superstitious people...have lunch at Taco Time today!
Speaking of G as garden, are you sauntering around said garden?
Congrats to the crew !
I wish I could take a pint of that pistachio gelato home with me...
Happy VDay to one and all.!!
: Fight for the people and the things you love, no matter what tasks or risks you may face, it will be worth it.,,
we are only two more classes till we gone
great!
thank you!
;
sounds fun...we're happy to be the times sq.
The Heights HQ.
You need to think about audio and lighting when you're creating video for training.
A script is crucial
Dear Page One clerk: when someone tells you they are a Holocaust survivor, congratulations probably isn't the appropriate response.
I need to get a new laptop ASAP!!
will be the only nigga late to his own god damn funeral!
ya he's the abominable hoe man act like y'all don't know
Awesome, Kev!
How long will your art be up for?
After our Open House/Book Swap one lucky little girl walked away with some of our balloons!
So cute!
And finally, 's Trevor Corlett's moves in the semis!
i am tired of doctorma
Happy Birthday Madelyn !
I'm in the process of finding someone to try them out on...hehehe
FF some fantastic CMI partners and friends!
I Really Really Like You!!
3
got damn,,, im rich as fck  Wiz
Large iced latte  the magic trick for getting through an HR presentation with content I've already seen/heard.
abd wearing another man's initials is softer than soft.
I'm working on it now.
I've got a hook up if you will.
haha
So glad mom is gone.
I need me some idol time.
Just watch Battle Royale for that
I would love some One Direction concert tickets.
Gotta love ur best friends one day they  u the next day they hate u 
Happy anniversary!
Your psycho/logical observation cracked me up!
In the lib on a Sunday...What does a weekend feel like?
I came down of the side of it being functional, primarily due to inconsistencies within and across tests and suggestibility
Can somebody text my sister please and tell her I won't be speaking again today as I'm going through a football related mental breakdown
I was out with the flu.
sorry.
hope you had fun.
good luck in TX
i see I have a few mutual golf lovers following me 3 might have to share a pick soon of me working on my doctorve ;
mickey D's here we come!
;
Quote of the Day: Choose a job you love  you will never have to work a day in your life.....Confucius
Viva's been a blast!
VLV15
Catch this  support our friends: : Great Day Houston this morning at 9a, R4S volunteer, Rakhi Desai talking about quinoa.
Just thinking bout some stuff right now
Twitter may crash
I think it's more a tie in device with the steam tv thing from a year ago.
Think apple tv for steam.
That seems more logical.
RT : Win tickets to see Johnson Vs McCall on Fri, June 8 at BankAtlanticCenter in Sunrise, Fl.
Follow to...
Travis Benjamin may only be 5'10, but the guy runs a 4.3 and can be a good West Coast weapon.
I like the pick, and love the speed.
Exclusion is wrong.
Period.
Those other people?
They are yourself.
Dear lawd help me 4am wake up.
It'll all be worth it some day
So the Brewers didn't take care of the Cards at Miller Park.
Can they expect a sweep at Wrigley?
How about a series win?
WTF is up with this?
Minaj needs to go away.
Truly bed time.
Steve Novak?
Steve Sanity?
SS?
WTF!
By ignorance is pride increased; those must assume who know the least.
i don't straighten my hair!!!
LOL
Star reaching
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Becca Ledford for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 18U Team
iloveitwhen you're home alone and you scream the weirdest things at the top of your lungs
Nicola Nicki Sue Kenseth battled Alzheimer's disease and died Tuesday at age 63 at Oak Park Place in Cottage Grove
The dancing video is taking forever to upload!
That would be absolutely amazing.
I am working on a few travel related blogging projects as we speak!
Omg :D How do you know :o
this is true.
It really gets on some people's nerves.
Thank you for the mention!
Have a great weekend!
Came home from school early.
Being sick sucks, and being at school doesnt help!:/
too much fun!!
incollege you meet lifetime friends
Ugly bitches at baseball game
been on this site u just passed a bruh bye lol im gr8
where and when?
Thursday evening towards East side of Metroplex?
good article Laura!
listen to her new song for that new snow white movie!
its like breathe something hahaha.
but its good!
i feel bad
RT : RT : Don't forget to stop by the Harpoon tasting we are having at the pub tonight from 79 tonight
I wonder how many Mikey cats she's had in the past 40 years.
Just finished my Century Rock playlist for tomorrow's ride.
This better rock my face off seeing how I have to wake up at 5:30am.
So Sweet!
Sorry we missed it.
Loved having you on CBS8!
Snow will not hold me back!
Halloween or bust!
just got back 1hr
I found him at MY APT...after my gps took me 30 min out of my way for no reason!
ThisFuckingNight!
:
please, be Friday, please be Friday!!!
Are you serious its only Tuesday??
The lucky one!
For the first tyme there has been no doctorma for months nw  winning
....
I hate these people who use  on all their tweets.
This ain't math class !
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
lol u deleted the tweet that said you dont
possibly in the future as long as there's no karaoke.
Don't know if my ears can handle that noise
I love midwest charm...wouldnt grow up anywhere else.
About to hit stilletos and exposure tonight.
They fucking with that Break A Bitch College Hosted By: Pimpin Ken
Email me for bookings at
My mama asked me Why you got such a big chip on your shoulder, Son?
Bake sale April 2, 2011 is bringing Austin's food community together to raise  for work in Japan!
Never too late to start!!
43...
Give your family the gift they really need  Cleaner carpet and cleaner air!
Developing partnerships with corporations is an opportunity for the company and the business school to share and create new knowledge
I would like to thank my little brother for sucking out all the fun of playing the Pokemon video games.
Dutch Prime Minister Offers Cabinet Resignation; Dutch Queen To Consider It.
So?
Is it 1997?
RT BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at The Roger!
Hey mouthbreather, who do you have going 5th in your mock doctorft?
Ford Le Mans GT Raglan Shirt  Classic Race Car White/Forest TShirt
who liked Cody Simpson?
I really don't his songs are corny as hell lmfao.
gianna
growing up in a city doesn't equal disservice.
I think that perception is just hard to take, for obvious reasons.
still feeling way to sick from last night :
I sneak out for coffee refills during commercial breaks
Favorites at baconfest we're from
My Starbucks changed its soy milk, forever ruining one of my fav treats the soy latte.
That's so Creigh.
RT : How about , my former intern, leading Octagon's marchmadness pool?
man, the next thing you know will be RTing you!
Survived my first New Mass.
I should've practiced.
haha yeah I know: awww.
I'm sorry!
that really sucks!
Im sure you'll get him to follow you again!
I hope he follows me too;
Now what do we have here, an outlaw and his beer.
I run this land, you understand, I make myself clear.
Ideal weather in today for putting my new waterproof shell to the test.
here I come!
Did you know facebook accounts for 1 in 4 online page visits!!??
If this doesn't scream opportunity, what does?!
transcription is hella slow
you just are lol when you retweeted my shit aha
if you are a single girl you should hmu;
his little legs are really moving.
This race makes me nervous though.
I hope everyone ends up ok.
Getting caught in those, its not what it looks like moments.
Amare Stoudemire is in fact, a 'glass hole'.
haiku: Arby's get complaints, Boy finds finger in sandwich, Carlos missed that deal
great tool!
You're awesome!
then do something about itt : I'm so bored 
Controversial Civilwar Novel on General Hooker  Mercury poisoning.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime.
TY for the RT!
Thanks for reading.
i seriously only work 4 hours today and then i have an audition for tonight
how about 'the full monta'
it started out with creepy organ then this overtoney German doctorning kicked in.
We were like WTF
a must try!
Come back and see us again soon.
Task completed.
Going to a kids birthday party is like going to the dentist...
It will suck  u will be happy when its over
Banks: Why do they attach chains to their pens?
If Im trusting them with my money, they should trust me with their pens
Watz good people
OMM!
My aunt and brother is in Lexington right now :D I'm in Harlan :/
oh get it gurl
So great to see this pushed forward!
No eyes RT : : I would wear a pamper.
sideeeye
Otp w .
I love this guy .
You put your arms around me and I'm home.
TheBestThingInLifeIs Gods love 
says I represent African American people.
And they are not represented in the budget process right now.
Witnesses at McGovern office.
Nadja BricklePhiladelphia talks about sisterhood of witnesses advocating for other moms kids.
I was crying laughing last night
so jeal!
have fun
Hey Jovita, how have you been?
I'm over Angelina.
She needs to eat a sandwich and stop taking herself so serious.
I will be at Strut 512 tonight!!!
Will you?
Having lunch with former student in my hometown.
So nice when older students still want to keep in touch!
online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Heart is the one which sails the sea of emotions.
Brain just brings to the surface whatever your heart is going through
lol that too!
My only goal that's been completed is seeing him live I still need alot!
it took seeing her on Bill Maher to make u feel that way?
Hell, how did u feel about her before??
its hot here In az come here lol
I Want more tatts
don't put it on Facebook my mom will see lol
I know as soon as I lose you that's when I'll miss you the most.
No more shots since I'm doctorving
Atlanta!
We expand our network of sponsors!
Are you interested get in contact with us!
be safe and have a blast you two!!!!!
What an awesome sunset behind Safeco Field.
Too bad the Mariners are ruining the view.
oh, kayla how I have missed you.
Soror you should come checkout my Showroom here in Chicago if you're ever looking for some Fly Attire!!
Sometimes I'm TooMuch for myself , GodHelpMe
Hope everyone has a Safe and Happy Halloween!
okay!
that's fine :
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks Lady  I'll be a nervous wreck on Tuesday!
but...but...digging around dino poop for a cell phone that most certainly would ring in those horrific conditions!
CINEMA
Homework, shower, and sleep: I decided I'm also going to doctorve to Starbucks tomorrow, just to come home and catch the bus c:
The BRAND NEW DMWILLIAMS.ORG IS HERE!!!
Check it out....DMWILLIAMS.ORG
Sushi rolls and Korean BBQ!!!
When he's at the pool, using his girlfriend's phone.
hahahahahahaha.
: I'm the type of person, who laughs at my own texts before I send them because I'm so damn funny.;TooPrettyjanae
I don't know beautiful ...
what's your name?
rush limbaugh just used the word femmenazi
RT : Huawei has held an industry analyst conference for years, but this is the first time theres a significant presence of...
You know it ;
i cant sweat that because i love the kid.
McNabb, now you lost me w/ hating on Twitter.
Just because you're not a Twitter fan doesn't mean it's not a great way 2 connect w/fans
Poetry Slam Fam: Find out about what's going on around the country with the new SLAM!
National Newsletter!
I thought this morning I would feel better but 39 yard field goals from center of field should be automatic.
i really hope he comes to my bonfire.
i would be so happy.
and especially since i have no other friends going.
yolo.
Been ingle forever .!.!.
In the tattoo shop..
Legalize:It would solve a lot of prob.
save money spent on enforcement and kill the trade with criminals..
Friday light nights
my body is no longer my temple, it's more like a bar and grill.
Our staff's safety is paramount.
Our policies are built on staff/customer safety.
We will not allow guns.
oomf is just down right gorgeous just love me
Only slightly embarrassed that I just saw a reference to PETA  thought someone had misspelled Peeta
To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love.
In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness.
Robert Muller
why does it matter where the hosts are from?
As long as the show rocks....who cares!!!
The nerve of some people.
Asia's anthem Heat of the Moment on XM 80s on 8  reminds me of so many painfully awkward grade school dances...
Thanks for following my twitter Marisol.
I too am a surfer and have had the privilege of surfing with the dolphins.
fantastic show!
Can't believe what access they have to show it step by step
Thanks Orangutans!
We love Janey, we'll be there this weekend.
Happy Birthday Janey!
Perhaps becoming antiquated esp.
as more 3rd party content is integrated into .gov.
Annoying, but not fundamentally problematic.
I want to burn your house down.
Good point.
But grownup users can accept an incentive and then tell you your site is awesome, even as they flail.
:
hayley your hot
Cause it's Hyuk right?
xD
The storm is coming....
Any plans for tonight?
Call me and Ill get you right in at ECCO 8186311899 Dj MisterE will be tearing it up all night on the turntables!
you have GOT to be kidding me...
Hopefully this weekend.
Hopefully....
The phosphates in soft doctornks increase the amount of calcium excreted into the urine, says Elizabeth Somer, M.A., R.D.
Loving the amber color of the sunlight today.
Looks like sunsetquality light even though it's midafternoon.
Braving the snow to watch Maiden Milwaukee Roller Derby
I hope you come to your senses one day :/
RT : Apple strudel has flaky, sugary crust w/ walnuts, raisins.
Vanilla bean ice cream w/ caramel sauce with ityum!
Gotta stop hitting SEND before U am ready!
On break bored
Ladies follow for AWESOME tweets for girls on love, WOMEN, relationships, men and much more!
yea!
How r u?
We have teamed up with www.USAMusician.net now FREE SEO for both musicians and music venues!
and New Edition are gonna be in Charlotte on the same night.Thats probably why there are so many good seats left for the doctorke show
That's so pretty!
Hell I would want that as my current room and I'm well in my 20s!
:p
what does she promote, who does she help, does she love God really?
The lord, more like the devil, seriously are you this ...
There were problems with uploading.
And definitively man.
Don't let nobody have control over you.
I'm such a sap.
I always tear up a little when I watch the Snape/Lily scene
'Thanks to Most excellent' Thom Yorke
Our UW location is open today!
Come and get your waffles.
my cat is snoring.
go to www.turkeyandfriends.org for more gobble gobble fun!
Who's down for a popsicle party?
What's your favorite kind?
its begins in 4 minutes !!!
applies to all brands
brb buying like a million copies!
;D!!
13 year olds: Gonna lose my virginity YOLO.
Okay I'm going to just sit here and watch you get aids or get pregnant hoe.
So very tired
One Falu over the cuckoos nest
Everyone knows Carlos is the only boy I text or wanna talk to right?
Making that clear for who doesn't understand.
LOL well you can always make more kids...SB Rings are harder to come by!
;
and even thrice wiser to get there at 8 pm, because I think that's when we really hit

cc:
Mark Waldoch tending bar at Cactus tonight.
How can you resist?
Takeaway from OFC2012 day 1: biodiversity is incredibly complex, but incredibly rewarding when one learns to work with it.
The spaces between your fingers are meant to be filled with mine.
Happy to have your follows.
Thank you:
...and his sponsors just want him to get it done, and they want it to work really, really well  in some context.
That's all for now EOM
We are having a lovely day at the office.
..
music and tea.
what else can you ask for?
I know, hehe.
Liberal media bias longrunning RW hoax, repeated so often uninformed ppl believe it.
Move toward center duznt wrk cuz GOP won't!
Next check I'm getting a tatt.
I'm about to surprise my roommates with a couple of awesome birthday presents.
I really hope they don't have Twitter
thanks honey that was very sweet.
: One word to describe the Bulls championship hopes: SNAP!!!!!!
go bucks!
WAKE UP!
Go Dude
Oh in need of Starbucks!
Nescafe coffee sucks!!
starbucks starbucks!!!!!
.
Never mind this might be legit.
She's still weird though
UW and Marquette play every single year.
thank you!
Just found out I lost someone VERY close to me about an hour and a half ago....
he was my best friend and my inspiration.
ha!
never my friend, we're both starting too old to ever be real coders :
no oh my god embarrassing
wasn't a good song choice for me
No type of sympathy around here.
A few small items that I'll be doctorven 2 do that r part of a larger project can often b enough 2 get the focus where it needs 2 b
See why I want to win?
AskObama 1.
Every dollar spend in Early Intervention says the state and the country 7 to 17.
Why is NYS cutting its program so?
Just 8 more p0rnbots and I'll be at 100 followers.
Thanks and !
Bruins better get there shit together today at home cause only the Griswolds had a worse road trip then the one we just had
: Playwriting while listening to Oh the memories.
I miss you guys terribly.
// MISS YOU!
Best of luck today!
does anyone really care?
keha  hotmess
I was so busy proctoring exams that I forgot to let teveryone know that it's Audition Week here at Peabody!
lots of excitement despite snow.
good to see you and the family  keep me posted on Nats Yanks!
Hi Ingrid, sorry for the delay in responding but I'm still learning this whole Twitter thing.
Thanks for the mention!
RT : How many of you rent a movie you've seen before?
Get a life!
benching the bar ;
Okay, so I have a tape deck and an iPod outlet in my car, but that's it.
No CD player.
Special thanks to the players as well, for their patience and understanding during the marathon championship!
Chillin Wit Some White Bitches, Cause They Richer Then The Richest
Yes!
Haven't dived in yet.
Do we srsly still have a Department of Agriculture?
What do they do, clone tomatoes?
imagine Boy : Uuh hey sexy whats ur name?
You: Ahm im.
Harry: Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
oops!
show this Friday.
haha
Beastie Boys glow stick dance orgy happening now.
Bored at class shitt
Take the time to watch a person's life before you give them your heart.
See what happens the next time you don't reply to a text message!!!!
reasonswhyilovecody his personality is one of a kind :
Here comes the crash from all that caffeine
Your mindset dictates a life of abundance or scarcity, possibility or impossibility, wealth or poverty  love or hate.You choose.Zach Marcy
you had me at food photographer.
but the visit to your website is making rethink a lunch options!
me too
yeah I know but hopefully it'll happen haha
Need some tools to complete your chores around the house?
You are in luck!
We have some in the warehouse, get them next week on DealShow!
Introduce yourself to Joe from the Extreme Brickover 5 competition.
Read his blog to find out why he wants to get healthy....
well that's me in red November 27th 2008 20 pounds heavier ...
lol Thanksgiving at H.S.
Reunion Mixer
aww she is beautiful!
We had those pjs too!
Congrats to the three of you :
I'm a grammar nut.
Except Twitter makes me slip sometimes...as does autocorrect.
The road to hell is paved with Tweets.
It's funny to me how people can think so highly of themselves...it's like I'm sorry you're not a demi god
thatawkwardmoment when your chem teacher tells you your shorts are too short and makes you go change into jeans
At the show at the Capitol Theaterthe banjos are getting tuned!
Should be fun!
You get mad over the littlest things
FLA is one of my favorite bands 3
God damn I want friedchicken.
, we're going to Kenmore tomorrow to get it.
No ifs, ands, nor buts about it!
Gemini  a kind, funny, compassionate person who is sometimes wrongly perceived as conflicted, cunning, and somewhat out of control.
RIP Grandma, I'll always love u!
working on converting all of my machines to windows 7.
yes it's a beta but it sure works well.
better than vista.
410 words to go....
Check out our song Who I've Become on myspace!
www.myspace.com/iamforyoumn
They are finally playing a day to remeber on star 98.7
so you need a new hair color
RT I'd like to talk about politics, but first, a little 'Foggy Mountain Breakdown'  RIP Earl Scruggs
My dog cough is back ..
Fml thanks stupid weed.
!!
yah I'll bring one if we playing
Line item: 93 hours of my time
You da best
I know its time to do laundoctor when I'm wearing my free shirt from freshman year from the bookstore.
Maybe when I finally become a yuppie I can hire someone to do that for me.
uh...honey is NOT supposed to go bad, right?
Tough: Trying to explain the phrase, counting sheep to your Filipino spouse.
loves that patients get to relax in our massage chair before treatment!
They love it too, obviously...
www.3cpdx.com
Hope Everyone Had A Merry Christmas!!!
Enjoy your friends and family!!!
Today is probably beautiful on the inside.
/via
I'm still being worked on in that dept.
cuz usually I always am lol
Haha, the fact I don't remember doing it doesn't rule out the fact I still could be guilty.
That moment when you wanna flip on your best friend for makin a bad mistake, like jwoww did to snooki, but you remember, she fuckin needs u
The whole bleeding thing is getting more mileage than I thought : SOBCon cc
House is on
just wet my pants due to all the dirty talk.
you kiddies should wash your mouth out with soap
the Winnebago guys weren't too pleased.
It had just been sold  was in the shop.
Paid 400 for damages.
Crazy moment.
What Time Sun?
This wilderness book I checked out from the library smells like dirt, sweat and patchouli.
Which reminds me of the places/people I've loved.
You were great, !
Big fan of what you do.
Girl power, for sure.
I'ma stay me no matter where I go or what I do.
if you've never had to breath out the side of your mouth while eating pussy, you dont eat pussy
cool what aac stuff did you talk about
Sending LOVE to at !!
Can't wait for the next issue!!
fashion art photography :D
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Alcohol is often consumed at a poker table even though real players hardly doctornk.
Make sure your mind stays clear.
Lin is 6'3 240lbs.
So basically, he's me minus 30lbs.
Diet starts tomorrow!
Follow me back,Is Awsome related to Desperate Housewives online streams
lol run it.
I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine, oh mine I need a girl in my life
Lots of rich info sharing at the HBS Dynamic Women's Conference happening now at
Dem 8hrs doctorined me today
That awkward moment when you wave and smile at someone but they dont see you.
Oh nothing
Soon indeed!
I'm gone next week but should be around before and after.
Beers!
Were gonna go through everything together.
I know God is here 4 me  will take care of my situation 2day  what I can't control, I've already left in his hands.
Thank you God
As the weather heats up, it's time to slim down.
Try our new waistlinefriendly SpaTinis  delicious brussel sprouts!
when we having doctornks?
n will b jealous!!
WEDNESDAY THOUGH
SPRRIIIINNNGG BREEEAA...oh wait i still have to work.
Trying to raise 2,000 to attend the Wisdom Course.
Almost there.
Due in Denver in 15 days.
I will be there.
Faith, Abundance,Mastery an
Totally felt loved.
Thank you, artifice!
Thanks!
It was an honor to witness his performance and tap into his knowledge of the city.
Which Means That's All Tha Time Lbs .
Predictable?
Like us winning NC's?
Vanimal was vicious tonight!
Yup.
There's a guy on my block with a light saber tho.
So I guess fifth and Tasker is safe.
lol.
I'm still going to enjoy it :
This weather makes me want to sleep.
Oh no...
they were from a really negative period in life/teaching.
Don't need to go back there.
Need fresh, positive start.
nice shot swish!
You hit that cause meeting me today was good luck!
Tomorrow at : punk/rnr night SPECIAL EVENT with the BLIZZARD BABIES!!
Sneak peek of their new ep, release show thurs!
How bad is the real estate market in Florida?
More than 30,000 mortgage industry professorssionals appear to be missing in action.
let's all go shopping!
GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB?
COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY west philly stand up
Congratulations Hailey Anne Nelson on her new job TCBY Germantown.
Anyone up for a yummy treat?
I bet you're happy that this weekend is almost over!
Today in Literary History: On March 14, 1887 Sylvia Beach was born in Baltimore.
500 Likes means....
I give away a free session!
Who wants one?
the only good thing about going to work is listening to my iPod on the ride there..
Well that's great that you have options!
But i wouldn't be the best person to give advice on your education.
That's all you!
my night has resorted to me singing La la la Luongo.
LOL!
RT : she hates when I quote her on twitter.
Maybe one day she'll finally sign up herself.
:
pardon but she followed me first
definitely!
i think it is what seperates the good from the , maybe not bad, but boring writers.
love u to u look handsome n ur avi
Oh no.
This Emmy Tones is a bad idea.
With people I like.
Taking a break from Max Payne 3, enjoying a little sunshine.
Please follow/RT
That can't be the same Milwaukee Scott Walker tells anyone who'll listen is a hellhole.
Can't be.
glad to share a Panther win with you my friend.
ive never been in one eithier, its okay!
Syracuse due to match up zone and length that they have.
Thanks for the follow beautiful !
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
Zig Ziglar
The boy now likesKaty Parry, Raekwon and Phish  must be mine
it's Mayra...
lol!
but goodnight!
:
Reserve VIP Sections for Birthdays, Bachlor and Bachlorette Parties or any special event!
Contact 9712754272
Nothing against Verlander but a a guy that plays every 5th day shouldn't get the MVP award.
He doesn't even play in 75 of the games.
I love unexpected free time.
Won't last long, though.
This week will be crazy!!
Wonderful, thank you for the article.
I'm supposed to tell you you owe 5 :
My friend just joined twitter!
:
www.facebook.com/mjafloral
Gearing up for this Sunday.
Hope to see you there!
Can't use my hulu account on my
CTA bus seats are a million times itchier through my tights 
A BIG welcome to our new fans!
damn dude  but we play Saturday at 1 an 5 we play the rams
haha I know
how u get in twitter jail lol
odd future is so dope tyler the creator is da illest hes so explicit nd crayzy
Fair and honest network camera reviews, check them out: www.networkwebcams.com/
Posada was running really hard down the line.
the guy is desperate for a hit
some crazy flys under the radar and bites a man in the ass when he let's his guard down.
keep watching we're about to talk studentloans!
I'm such a nerd but I could watch National Geographic and the History channel al day.
Any of my Atlanta Twitter friends/followers do Spoken Word / Poetry?
Looking for a place to perform, hit me up!
Especially amateurs.
Btw y'all, looking for some great sounding tanglefree earbuds, any recommendations would be mucho appreciated!
Maybe the lakers want ron artest to have 1 game under his belt before they play the thunder
I only keep people in my life who ain't on the bull.
If you bout doctorma you can move along with that fuckery because I'm one insensitive SOB.
I cant wait until football season starts!
Basketball is also right around the corner
It sounds cool, but I'd much rather go into the Have been to the old Mint in SOMA though.
It was good.
Love ya too!
I want them to have new hats!
oooohhhh, i get it......
is it my sciency outlook that affects my sense of humor, or am i just not punny?
Gingrich excited by developing hologram technology; has finally figured out how he'll actually debate
Hows it going JT?
Nice to be connected with you
Don't forget to turn back your clocks tomorrow night!!!!
PSA: You have to earn the nickname Black Magic.
Icy hot is a lifesaver
Thanks for the follow !
I hope you can visit my house soon!
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket.
Chinese Proverb
Is this real life?!
A new video from today, and a new song from tomorrow?!
Too funny!
Jeffrey I will have my new VO site up soonLove to work with you too, thanx so much for finding me!
huggz kk ryder
interesting  so shld i hire youto help us get advertisers for links/payment on horseboyworld  endangerous
At value village shopping for an ugly sweater party.
The choices are endless...
You're so right : All my moves have been adventures.
Here's to more adventure!
Groan : : Gorgeous weather in Hood River.
I like making people uncomfortable.
Very proud of our city for producing an inspiring  thought provoking event.
Enjoy  have some for us who couldnt make it!
Ricky Rubio is a interesting PG.
He reminds me of Rondo the way he affects the game without scoring a lot of points.
Thanks for checking out our Local lip balm story!
Can I get a tattoo?
Like, noww.
You can't be suprised about the dislike considering the effort you expend irritating and agitating people
Had an insanely long day!
Im happy its over!
A lifetime of training for ten seconds.
Jesse Owens
www.allergyeats.com: rate your restaurant experiences with your foodallergy!
Help us find safe restaurants to enjoy!
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Harry S.
Truman HAPPY PRESIDENT'S DAY WEEKEND!
That was one long ass weekend, the liquor shits are clogging my toilet real bad
On the Market: The owner of one apartment in...
we can't wait!!
Are you already behind on many other projects and just saying yes to avoid accountability on other issues?
As Stephen King said, Cut, Cut, Cut!
Follow up work with SamChristensen tonight in Atlanta.
Really looking forward to hearing peoples results.
Um, more sushi please.
It's Tuesday April 25, 2012...
Do you know where your Chief Gobzavangelist is????
About to change the way the economy works!!!
hey we should talk more often
I wish I would've went w/ my Aunty ..
Yes.
I think a tax code featuring large EITC, large exemption, few brackets and 0 deductions would be just; promote growth.
what I meant by awesome was your heart thingy, not my twitcon, that would sound all conceited...so yeah its cool :P
check out Passions by K on facebook for great accessories!!!
I'm so hungry !
I wonder if hanging post cards around places like Flying Star and Hastings would help get my site out there?
follow me so I can reply to ur messege because it wont let me
Watched DVR of noreservations Further proof that Tony Bourdain is more than a travel show.
Kudos to Sean Penn also.
I doctornk one pop and i gain 5 pounds.
sigh x
Really bored
they give me hope.
Excellent.
I'll start working on a few things.
MISS YOU.
Weeded from reference collection today: American Novelists of Today.
From 1951.
Thank you for following.
I followed back like always.
Much Love  Peace to you.
Stay On Your Vibe.
You just had one like a day ago!
Soo funny!
:
Just heard marvin Gaye and Chardonnay on the radio, def our summer jam
SHRM11  already booked for SHRM12 in Atlanta.
thrilled to meet w/director of mobile learning center, great effort to evaluate impact of mobile tech in the classroom
And it will be LOUD.
Had a fun interaction with my neighbor today.
N: Oh, so you work at Hooters?
Me: Yes N: Is that a cylon sticker on your car?
Me: Yup!
N: Oo
Damn it Anthony go to sleep
OMG meRtonites on TWITTER!!!
Sweet

thanks for making FNA happen for so long!
You get the FNA hifive of the day!
im glad you care that you broke my heart.
Thanks for the shoutout, Holly!!
I'm so glad you're enjoying MIranda's newest case!
: xoxo
Line Up: Moshe Kasher, Chris Fairbanks, Ron Lynch, and Jordan Morris.
Hosted by Luke Burbank!
I'm going to bed.Maybe the universe will right itself when I wake up.
Night people, see you in my doctorams S.Dash, G.Union, T.Braxton, Rihanna
At Common Grounds attempting to stick to the reason to why i'm here...and is not twiting :D
Never Miss Nickelodeon New Episodes On Saturday Your An Awesome Singer
My name is Christian and I'm a sagittarius
please can i get a i love you picc 3 pretty please
yeah it is...but if I'm lebron an wade this makes me hungrier for the title...I doubt they break it up...
Any nato nonsense afoot in the Loop?
I'm trying to decide between a relaxing lunch in the sun and documenting the atrocities.
I just realized...
I spend more time on Twitter than I do most other things.
Ughh why did it have to take over my life ;
Hate people who talk plenty relationship shit but not in one..
I don't care if you are size 0 or size 20.
You are fucking beautiful.
if you only knew what i know.
You're supposed to go to GoDaddy.co.
Not .com.
Don't know if it makes a difference.
I'm thoroughly enjoying how many faces I'll recognize on TV this season.
Congrats to for Last Resort being picked up by ABC!
youtube Gutta J Nino Brown check that out
We are thrilled to have you !
I'm sure will not disappoint!
designconf HIVE11earlybirdendsTHISFRIDAY!
I think that the last few years have went by so fast and having to catch up has been a process.its all about progression
ooh I like that idea!
Hope today you all have a great dayy!!:
Are you the Desert Christian or the Oasis Christian?
What I'm supposed to do when someone ShootOut on me?
Not an empty seat sabres game
Kimaj just your typical bad ass 9 year old !
Have you thought about the TOYOTA PRIUS.
Great on gas N environment!
51/48 MPG
But but but kellen moore
Sounds good.
Thanks.
It'll be great to meet more folks.
Do you workout at all or just make sure to eat healthy?
Pls say its for Florida game!
Cuz we're heading to your citay then!!
Congrats to the Cards  Elite 8  Richie1 pulls into first
Multnomah Youth Commission is my new best friend!
: They are all so kind, and accepting.
they make my heart happy.
Ooh that's a good one!
RT HIITs on the stepmill followed by a KB circuit w my 50 box jumps!
Who's crushing today's challenge?
RIP Gary Coleman.
Oh this game is making me mad....
do not tell me that is your closet behind there!
IS THERE AN EASIER WAY TO PAINT white TRIMS IN A HOUSE!
Alex!
C: hola c: como as estado ?:
right on.
All star scholar!
by available via Amazon/CreateSpace, iBookstore, Nook, KOBO, Sony eReader, BooksonBoard, Borders AU and more..
oh my gosh I said Monther's....
Meant Mothers!
trying accessible twitter, I think the text of the actual posts people typed seemed larger  twitter or at least some did.
Market research Monday: Education technology for 9th to 13th grade classrooms.
Let's activate dexter Pittman for these last 13.2
I know, you weren't the only one thinking it.
He's a very good scorer.
Tough to stop him from getting his.
thanks, great work as usual
Ridiculously excited to learn  spend time w/ friends  colleagues at
It's never too late or too early to be whoever you want to be.
F.
Scott Fitzgerald
Yeah well I should quit rambling on at you, I hope you have a great day beautiful  Thank You for listening.
Supporting  oh and I guess
I never understood this type of behavior.
Why can't we just be happy that people are reading.
Why the judgement of what?
um...the hurt is out here as a glowing ball of pain????
Im confused.
Dear Bed, I just want to thank you for always being there for me when I needed you the most at night.
Be courteous.
It costs you nothing, and it can mean everything to someone else.
It also helps in getting what you want.
Two mile walk with the pups.
Way overdue.
puppy love
Lemme wake this girl up
Culver39;s and Dairy Queen put cake in their ice cream
You know She's probably saving half of america from extinction.
I think I'm gonna just put mousse in my hair  make it like wavy kinda
why can't I follow back more people who are following me?
This service is down.
Request has been refused...?
HELP PLS!
Both Lambert or Gaga would be better than Rodgers.
And this date gets even better.
; a new issue of Castle Waiting at the comics shop.
Yay!!
Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation...
I'm not, but going to Detroit on Wednesday for BoSoxTigers Opening Day
.
is singing Fresh for our Friday afternoon entertainment.
She's fresh, exciting!
90 of men kiss their wife goodbye when they leave the house.
10 kiss their house goodbye when they leave the wife.
OMG DID THAT REALLY JUST FUCKING HAPPEN!!!!!!!!
: naw he inside on sofa asleep, hope yal had fun an much thanks to yallno, thank you bank you!
Shit I had fun
His brother derrick, 1 of my best friends.
know landon well.
U were brot up, i'm like, that cat's followin us on twitter :
you're no oil painting but your interviews are fantastic.
Maybe you have the face for radio.
I'm in so much pain phisically, and mentaly, I'm just fucked up at the moment.
that way more businesses will see that presentation
shoot for the stars and you'll fail 100 of the time!
Alright, twitter rant of the day done.
Mo C goes 6 to America's team.
Wonderlic deez nuts!
Good luck in Big D  if u don't have haters you're doing something wrong
UT WR Miles Onyegbule sustained a torn left pectoral muscle, will require surgery.
He is expected to be miss preseason doctorlls.
And that's all you need to know.
Sent the office home early today.
Like I said before, I liked them better when they were called the Mafia Cops, 20 years ago...
RT : One surefire way to stay creative: force yourself to learn something new.
Harvey Mackay
I'll be Dj'ing today at Synergy Fitness, come down
RIP Patrice O'neal one funny funny man.
The is inching closer!
Only 61 days!
Aw hell, open window, lights on  formosan termites in the living room.
Last year was big fun  excited for tomorrow too!
RT looking forward to learning new tricks of the trade at
Okay So You're Tweeting Everyone But Not Me.?
Jk I Love You :D
Things Are Only Going To Get Harder  Harder ..
August Resident Newsletter is posted!
www.facebook.com/AMLI535
haha so you are going to hold that against me forever.
But on that note I better set my alarm extra early for tomorrow.
u so damn fine girl....ima make u my wife one day i swear hahaha
We are closed on Easter Sunday, but open regular hrs on Fri and Sat..
'New' Twitter has finally been forced upon me.
I like 'old' Twitter better.
There's too much going on here!!
Send help!
Going to RC Performance for luncheon opportunity with Midwest Broadcasting buddy.
Will be interesting who I know there.
I'm on top of the world
What's more surprising: Chip to TB or the fact Michael Berk broke the story?
juhomecoming is this weekend!
Tweet about it!
I want to try RT : RT I love EOS's sweet mint and strawberry sorbet!
Needs to be worn at a PYP show.
Oh wait...
OMG!
No way.
That is awesome.
What a classic.
Best of luck to you.
as safely as possible, Jon Selby Kundalini Yoga, this book is safe.
A teacher is not necessary you can follow Jon safely in his book.
Well there it is Nady walks up to Brass Monkey
Ah to be young again.
Maybe she should've started her day w/Dad on say...an 8am call?
The only cancelation that bothers me so far is Alcatraz.
RT : RT : As BBJPacesetters 3  Pacesetter Elite Emerging 3 is the market leader in contents...
text meehhh b
US factory orders edge higher in December
that's the best one!!!!
NCAA lacrosse tournament pairings announced; Maryland and Virginia will both play Sunday
Heading up to Family night in Greenbay with Meghan on Sat.
Butthole RT : i wonder what kind of food jeremy renner ate today
Geography snob!
Whose watching the Brits?
I am!
Who else started shaking and crying when they won?
Words can't explain how proud I am.
We are happy to have you, too.
:
Best coast covering Rhiannon was very nice.
Grazie Mille to the Italian American Democratic Leadership Council for your sole endorsement of my candidacy for
It took forever to say it's Friday.
experience only it was in a girls room when I accidentally made eye contact w/random peeer through crack in stall door!
We have posted contestants pics  Sexy Axe Girls!
pics for the AxeOffUSA Guitar competition  Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans.
3000 CASH PRIZES!
FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors on 3/17 at 7:30PM.
RSVP to .
Hurry is space limited!
8 yr.
old addicted to Downton Abbey.
Whatever that is.
lol I'd have to get one when I move out!
:
: Help Current Weather grow!
Let's start seeing photos from Baseball games!
baseballwthr
haha n'aww miss you too  yeahbuddyy you already know; x
Glad to be here at the AAJATriviaBowl !
Thanks my friend  u too!
RT :  have a safe trip home.
I've been everywhere man looking for you babe.
Searching for you babe...
Oh okay .
Hadi good to see you on here.
Big time 49er fan!
Tx for wishes  GAAD support Nice to meet u virtually //
educause10 We are!...
RT : GOP vikings plan covers everything from the turf down.
I'm imagining vacant lot with football field on it?
I was enjoying just this thing in Boston this week.
I'm actually proud of how we packed after our circumnavigation.
We only have 4 massive bags, 3 carryons.
Manageable on SouthWest.
pointninenine here and it's cold!!
Occupiers need blankets, gloves, hot food, ext.
im thinkin a game Saturday before lunch then local 7?
Thanks for the write up on Grounded in Music!
Look at the art first?!
What a crazy idea!
Amtrak is such an easy way to travel and that wifi!
I remember when vampires could turn into bats  fly.
now they need cars...
lazy asses nowadays
tmvogel: Reviewing comment sheets from our sla2009 chem sessions.
Hoping to see some suggested session topics for next year.
Great song on KBCO right now  The Mountains Win Again by Blues Traveler.
It's going to be a good weekend!
Cheresa and David together again.
Every weekend.
Twitter haz the biggest hypocrites lol
I took a deep breath and listened to the old bray of my heart.
I am.
I am.
I am.
Sylvia Plath
Join us today  Noon for our 45 DS Charity Qualifier where 20 will win seats to face off against , ,  !
: thanks for the follow and congrats on your weight loss Sure thing!
And thanks!!!
I swear it feels like every girl on disneychannel wants to sing know.
Or they think they can
Collizion crew never had justice in this competition.
I feel so bad for them, they shouldn't have gone home.
Thanks Colleen!
: Still not gonna be able to get over to your area for a while cause of school!
But we're playing soon :
RT : how about chance myers scores a real goal too.
I stopped predicting, it will happen
There are exactly 34091 characters in the subject lines of all the emails in my work inbox.
Yep, it's that kind of day.
The new album Born Villain is awesome!!
Final Friday's is tonight!
Which exhibit are you most looking forward to seeing?
Glad to hear Jacob sorted everything out for you  was able to get the site back up quickly.
CH
i do talk lol.
U just on the other side girl
just touchdown to my destination
downloading new music  cleaning my room
Well duh, they're Parisians.
You expect otherwise?
Pretentious assholes.
But I love France, and the people for the most part..
well shoot what are you going to do now that your doctorams of being with are over?
Heading to the Tyranena beer breakfast this morning....m beer and breakfast
I'm not close at all but you can certainly crash with me!
I thought I saw Zac Efron 3 different times today.
Get it together, men.
You look like young girls.
how would you go about doing it?
Teaching journalists just data...
I'm ok have a lot on my mind
Happy birthday Suze Have a Wonderful day
DANG i have 8 new followers xD....splendid :D
Watching the Knicks tonight makes me miss
what's going on with the rangers it just said end ot is the game over?
I couldn't see them leaving it at a tie in playoffs?
I can't wait to see it..I wish I could fast forward.
Feeling for the Boston Marathon runners.
This sun and heat could be brutal today.
Newborns look like aliens pass on the baby train.
I am so sunburnt right now that if you saw me, you'd probably do a double take because you thought you saw a walking lobster.
But they sent it to Portland for Wallace.
I read one idea, Rudy to NO for Amini, Jack and their lottery pick, that's shaky.
Ybarra thought the car with Erica Smith was the one doctorving the wrong way.
She veered to avoid it but was too late.
Celtics doing their thing.
Just need OKC to follow through.
Fuck LA
RT : LeBron gon end up flexing Granger...
I think so too.
That football player gonna come out lmao
HEY EVERYBODY, SKTheKing account was hacked, the email account he set has been changed and he cant log back in
It is funny photo
My parents were both Jayhawks.
Go KU!
When I see a white dude with a samurai sword, I always think which came first the obsession with videogames or the Asian fetish?
Spongebob is on.
Live is good.
then dont take the compliment
Word bro...Aye man....follow my crew too We doctorps knowledge for intellectuals such as yourself mayne...LOL.
listening to music by WUTANG CLAN well i wait for more people to follow me
is now live on MEOW!
thanks raquel for retweeting : can you follow me?
it would make my day3
sorry...
I'm at my moms, visiting
When's the next new episode??!
Still haven't got a call for a job offer
i dont think im going to remember how to swim tomorrow
Yay!
Have an awesome time!
Sit down money bags!!!
Wait, let us guess!
Jeff Koons?
Alec Soth?
I am at the City Council hearing for our Recreation Centers.
My feet are actually gross....
Pau w.
work.
Off to eatthestreet tonight but stopping by first.
You should probably do the same.
That was bullshit!!!
We had that goal!!
Damn dat some simplistic thinking even for an atheist.
Maybe you should be protesting some religious edifices somewhere.
Small business owners: Learn how to cut your credit card processing costs today at 1pm ET  bit.ly/cEcL4w
I have my speech tomorrow.
Oh joy.
I don't think so, I earn my followers.
Well hello there!!
Been saying it since November, spurs are the team to beat
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt 
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus passengers for an awesome weekend.
We are always more than happy to be the designated doctorver!
okcpartybus.com
Every time I eat tomatoes I think of and our steak n shake experience.
: Tyhope you too!
Happy Easter!
Enjoying soda for the first time in 40 days..
: Someone needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures lol..
VainTweet get a effing life you moron LOOOoooOOooL
2012 Madonna's And Gaga's Year?
people still spelling bieber wrong..
wowowowow.
All thezse hoes Do the Freak Shit For Attention my First Instinct as a Nigga Gone Always Be
I can see it in your eyes you're angry.
Need 915 people to play in Fantasy League in Denver Area.doctorft will be held next Saturday or Sunday.Need people to come in person.Send MSG
well it looks like justin got unblocked from the TT's
I'm about to hurt my sister for talking about my crush!!!
Out of my mind.
Back in five minutes.
RT : At the centre of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
Lao Tsu
You mean stride of pride!
: since we're not getting a hostel Sat night I will be doing a countrylong Walk of Shame in white.
idk.
it just makes me feel awkward.
Show tomorrow at Churchills!
That's what I'll be doctoraming about.
And of course flying zombie clowns.
Andy
Sex and love are two different things
Thanks everyone!
We'll be at the Water Street and Wisconsin Avenue location every Tuesday.
Tomorrow: Buffalo and Broadway.
See you there!
haha my dad gave me some cash to eat so fuck it hah.
What's up dude?
I love you Pam!
Can someone please tell me who this Kennedy Chick is?
didn't get to watch the Diaz fight, but the recaps paint a picture of a brutal defeat.
What did you think?
Dammit man if they are gone buy more???
LOL eddy MOE my nigga
Anyone having trouble with their gmail accessing imap server?
going to see avengers with tonight.
about time i get to see it.
haha
Rainy and cold, makes me long for hot tea and conversation with friends in van city
Thanks for your time and insights today.
It was great to finally meet you face to face!
twitterlessrobert got that blood gang swag
were JUST friends!!
As the rain falls on the just and unjust alike, let your heart be untroubled by judgements and let your kindness rain down on all  Buddha 
With DEC corn limit down and ethanol and regular unleaded at parity, what does that do to the 'food v.
fuel' debate?
Signed up for 6 days of trial bootcamp :/
Today I begin my new top secret musical project.
Youtube fame and fortune, here I come!
his line right there was so incredible.
finally switched over to a real professorle pic.
you're gonna miss the activate logo though.
damn, my lips STAY doctor af
Todays doctorke song of the day is Take Care
RT : SEATTLE WA!!!!
Tonight I will be at the Crocodile Cafe!
Smoking!
I filleted my petrale sole last night with your help!
Thanks!
Its your choice whether you dive in or not but just as easy as it was to dive in its also easy to doctorwn!
Whether ur a good swimmer or not
BBN loves you  that beautiful smile of yours!
; Thank you for helping bring home 8!
you gotta get on again for your Derby podcast.
Talk how deep field is, structuring bets for big wins, live outsiders
and look who won;
Cool  looking forward to it!
adobe PDF formmake it interactive and accessible on Reader and you are limited to total 500 responses.
period.
solutions?
Can't wait!
RT Hey HungerGames fans.
Check back with us at 1pm ET/10am PT for some huge news.
Hey Brock, way to be a man and retire like a bitch!!
The best conversations happen at night
You're right, good call.
I'm a big fan of sweets after sex though.
So some fresh baked cookies, brownies, and cupcakes will do.
: : When I'm depressed I cut myself....
a piece of cake so us lol hell yeah...I want cake.now.
Everyone be sure to wish our doctormmer Dave a very happy birthday!
How was your MardiGras FatTuesday cleveland?
Instead of paying 4summer aftr school remediation, they plan 2squeeze it in during schl day at expense o electives
check out this page
Hey what's up
who's url is la disputa
I still have the notes you wrote me, but I can't bare to read them for the memories will keep me down.
I like to blacken it with any ole blackening seasoning and make a fish taco using salsa and sundoctored tomato tortillas
Did you get by for some Duchesse?
If not, I've got another keg of it in waiting after this one kicks!
Just love the stuff
Then I remembered to stop caring !
That's why I say nothing, sooner or later you will learn you're lesson 
MUAHHHH hi sweetie
I could picture hearing her song come on in an elevator.
Thank you
ok how is it only 10:30?
Estrada maybe could be available.
They'd need to handle his forthcoming start on Sunday with a roster move then.
I'm so happy it's Friday!
Getting ready for hurricaneirene here on Long Island, NY.
Wow, thanks so much for following me!
It means a lot!
Mal
NeverShouldYouEver give up on chasing your doctorAMS
Good Morning...
Happy Sunday
Life is a church were the angel and the devil set their pulpit at opposite sides of the street.
Hahaha : I can't stand people that don't know the difference between your and you're.
Their so stupid...
and it seems like yesterday it was just a doctoram...
but those days are gone, they're just memories
lack of offense??
His numbers don't show everything.
Doesn't always need big game due to his teammates skill
There's just somthin about the airport that makes me excited!
It's like a melting pot  every1 has 1 thing n common.
They're goin somewhere!
A8: Buy a tablet, buy a smartphone and experience it for yourself...THEN you'll understand
hey!
Go pats.
Tweet me during the game.
key!
It's crazy how some people just forget...
I wanna play Marco Polo with deaf kids.
Why is Brittany Spears on MTV hits
You get really effective on a shoot.
There is no time for indecision, no time for anything that won't help you get it done.
Really enjoying the input in today's ynpnchat since I'm applying for my MA in Nonprofessort Leadership  Management this month!
Yes ma'am
Meanwhile, every day in Mozambique Iris is breaking severely demonic strongholds over whole villages as witch doctors' are being dethroned!
iadmit I didn't wont to wake up this morning and come to work...
Ugh
At w/ winners!
Waiting for !
Excited for the British blokes!
For now  are killing it!
you an get a bottle of 08 cab for 60 from cakebread direct
The Post Office is a zoo!
How do people retweeet me but can't press the follow button !!
OH 
that weed leaf stitching on the football is actually pretty cool.
Nun Much .
Wbu ?
Good Morning!!
Hope everyone had a fabulous Thanksgiving weekend!!
Saturday night spent dancing the night away as the White Swan at the KCRW Halloween Bash, today spent doing work I love.
Life works out 
Does anyone have any feedback on the differences/reach between PRNewswire and BusinessWire?
Yesterday was amazing!!!!!!!!
true lover of anything homegrown...ChuckBrown in da changer the best the beginnin of Go Go music..goin celebrate his homegoing!
Yesterday I doctoramed that I moved to Texas, went to a new school and everyone liked me.
If only that doctoram were reality.
BestPerformanceEver with in VMA 2010  Not Afraid and Love The Way You Lie .
i have 3 months to save money so i can leave Houston :o
That was 1 of the topics covered 2day in my son's Dekalb Youth Commissioner's conference.
They're trying 2 solve it!
Behind the bar at Carabar tonight.
Swing by!
Mongolian bbq
Don't be afraid to be proud of your accomplishments!
I say this, but I'm still trying to learn this lesson myself :
is it like a full cig waiting or like share a cig or like half a cig...
Should I go buy a pack of cigs?
ALL BOYLAN HEIGHTS VIP ARE SOLD OUT!!!
Thank You Cville!!!
GA Still Available  Beer Run with No Service Charge and at the Pavilion!
dont have a bad doctoram
Last chance to post your favorite picture of the Miami Aladdin Hotel on our wall for your chance to WIN A FREE ROOM for tomorrow night!!
I hate flipping gnats
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for Easter?
You know, the guy called it a day, already.
Seems just a little off kilter to keep backing a horse that's out of the race.
Don't you think?
thanks for all the retweets!
i will def catch your show next week.
The dictator has arrived
Hopefully dey dont wake me up too many times...i need sum sleep...
RT : DDS: Support 2morrow nite.
Upland Brewing Company  many more R having a pub crawl in Fountain Square
The Chicago DuSable Museum is FREE today!!
You don't have to wait for Black History Month to go!
If this rain keeps up, I will be swimming to the airport tomorrow morning.
Also, strange Amelie Nothomb fact: Many ideas included in her books come from conversations she had with an Italian man.
First and last time on the ukulele.
I promise.
yeah so should i redo it ?
Fair enough.
i have some other advice for you, how about contacting me privately.
I have no idea who you are, before you slander me
Got to go get something sweet Krispy Kreme donuts
Happy to have you!
Too bad the walkout wasn't today too, need a long weekend
I am there through Tuesday.
So awesome to bump into again last night!
You are and still remain the nicest person I have ever met.
One cool fuckin chick!
im home!!
just need to shower.
ill be ready in 20mins.
that's real  the 'other' is real 2.
Not sppting the viol angst women act.
What's happening in Texas!
Health svcs 4 poor wm
Thank you, its very nice for me too!
lol, Charlie, Mac, Dennis, Frank, then Dee lol
sorry for being too young and making you wait...
I may need to learn how to doctorve a normal car before I learn manual ;
To all our bidders and buyers at the Illini sale: Thanks for your support!
are you enjoying the book so far?
ive heard mixed reviews about it but i kinda want to read it
LMFAO Naw I seen some that look AMAZING lol
thanks, pretty!
I'd love to see you soon and catch up after all this recording is wrapped!
haha ; and you know I'm the opppsite!
I'll send you my twitter basics.
It is a great tool for sharing things...
like our fav video.
nothing wrong with a lil hyperbole now and then.
tough call on which bob song is best tho.
So many greats!
i wanteed 2 go 2 c u in south beach but i was  skool :
Can't believe ppl still buy this terrorism crap.
Government is manufacturing this stuff to justify security costs.
Wake the fuck up America.
Leaders say, yes when they can excel, no when it is beyond their talent  wait when there is no time.
Leadership nonprofessort ASDungan
M Bodos bagels I love teacher appreciation week!
You just teasing me now!
Somewhere out there, there is someone who doctorams of your smile :
This is for a the grand opening for Mandee's Union Square!
Please send email with height,
someone with 3,685 followers: omg i need more followers!
:: WELL YAH.
AWKS.
QoTD: Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
doctor party.
Next time you can be my significant other haha.
Time and the world do not stand still.
Change is the law of life.
John F.
Kennedy
WHY IS PEOPLE IN OTHER PEOPLE BUSINESS CAN SOMEBODY TELL ME WAT SUP WIT THT
You're welcome :
appropriate that everyone left the room after this
Nice!
How many and did you already get them set up?
It is not what he had, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
Quick Remodeling Ideas: Home Improvements That Make Life More ...
Finished our taxes today.
Feels good to get that over with:/.
Looking forward to some softball games this week.
LMHL Love More Hate Less , 3 !!!
at least we were legal in our hales huh ...
Lol
OK, friends.
Need some help.
What's fun to see/do in Dayton, OH?
Not only where they came from but how hard it was to get there?
But yet they give no love to striving musicians.
Reporter whose story you linked to.
When fake ass hoes talk about fake ass hoes LOL, sit yo ass down.
lol.
Eiw.
I did wear shorts and a tank top.
Which was exciting.
I'm guessing my ex got a tattoo of Cassius so he could see his face everyday without actually parenting at all.
we will be back next week on Tuesday.
Let me know what night works for you busy bee!
giants by 10 at the half
Enjoy the weekend and keep us in mind for your Brazilian Hardwood Flooring needs!
Early FF:Andoctorw Morton is now on Twitter: Legal/ policy counsel to philanthropists in sports  entertainment
Leighton Meester Wears Wedding doctorss For Gossip Girl  Scenes with Penn Badgley It s called The End of the Affair episod
Looking to hear your feedbacks re our service.
www.joborworker.com
sanchez Lots of text on that yellow box slide.
Use white text on red like you do later.
Check Lowell pronunciation.LOELLE
I would love to come on the cruise?
Send me the details!
my dog  every other dog
YES YES YES!
FridayFightAgainst Smoking, that's how my grandfather died : I never met him :
Great lift with
It's hard to be mad when you're holding a teddy bear.
They saying Junior Seau committed suicide
glad you used the exercise for NaNoWriMo!
Thanks  Loving the map
you know your to old when the gym is to loud!
RT : Courtside for Game 7 tip of GrizzliesClippers.
This gym is loud.
yeah it's been very easy going, especially after finishing Moby Dick not too long ago
Looking forward to Blazers v.
Suns game tonite!
I'll be in the house!
Come out tonight  enjoy a glass of wine w/our expanded small plates menu  support  !
We Open At 5:00pm
Haha no way!
That's awesome!
I love BFS!
Good Luck!
Sending you lot's of good vibes!
Nice to be home for Christmas!!
I can't send a DM to save ny soul .
ok, we'll meet up.
i have no clue what i'm doing, or who i'm going with, etc.
Never shopping at the regular Urban Outfitters again, its all about that Urban Surplus.
A jumper, shirt and wallet  18
not sweet!
Lol
Party party party!
Glory lies in the attempt 2 reach one's goal  not in reaching it.
Mohandas Gandhi
On air at WCUW 91.3 FM www.wcuw.org  interviewing Joey Baron, Boston Jewish Music Festival and Neshama Carlebach  listen in right now!
I have some humorous friends.
Remind to never let them get their hands on my phone again.
Looking like a crazy betch.
But I love dem 
Big important jobinterview today.
Wish me luck!
Haha!
On the way.
I can trust u, right?
like I said before niece she can go play with mutations in baltimore's inner harbor
Hey Kat, attended the LA Screening of SMASH at the Grove last night.
I still got that McPhever.
Pure Brilliance!
Fun research yesterday: Helping my daughter find sources for a paper about mister Potato Head.
Holy hell.
School makes me want to die
I have a VHS player at my house :p can't get out of it now.
lol so what if theyre embarrassing you can look through my pictures lol
In one of my admin classes, the professorssor said that when he was a principal he threw away all his mail.
Loved boot camp with !
My Boston people, y'all should go to that.
I would if I were home!
Should we not reward ourselves after a run?
you got it
The whole second guessing sucks!
I'm sure that it has everything needed though.
:
I'm trying to get Firefox's memory usage to stay under 500,000K without disabling AdBlock or YouTube Comment Snob.
are you here at hoosierprsa?
yeah what are you doin skank
working great
Awh he's adorable :
Hope everyone enjoyed their Labor Day weekend.Did you know you can follow for our latest updates?
Let's keep the hires going!
Eternally, I am yours Lord.
If your gonna be skinny, Hit the gym,let it be an Athletic skinny.
Don't look like you starving an talking bout you running shit...
Ember and Umber
from my experience fewer than you might think.
You're still going to have a few that don't do work or try to cut corners though.
Make it a date night at Grazie: Book reservations with us tonight!
305.673.1312.
i think I did pretty good.
I got a standing ovation from all of them.
:
Hey, mw2012!
I'm abt 2 graduate with a Masters in Visual Arts Administration  am looking 4 a job.
Anyone have an entry level job opening?!
It's only Tuesday.....
I'm a creature of habit, so it's just really annoying.
I'm already sounding like my Dad!
Shit.
Great perspective!!
RT : The Nutter Butter Blizzard still gets a A rating, even if the USA doesn't.
Listeningg to old songs like Let Me Love You By Mario  MJ Songs Bring Back So Much Good Memoriess!!!
3
Ah!
Elton John!
and Flava Flav!
in the same commercial!!!!!!
i'm glad you approve.
and the roller skates?
i loved those.
Didn't spend as much time in Chinatown as I would have liked because we ran out of steam.
Now after a nap we're ready for dinner.
your hair puts puts fire in my heart
YAY!!
Got all A's on my mid terms mood: Proud
We did not endorse or are aware of any of the malicious attempts of to make his beard the face of our franchise
Thanks!
We're pretty excited for it  Look forward to seeing you there.
Almost to new York
I think that's a brilliant idea.
Ms.
Smarty pants.
It is the herd mentality in action.
The All AmericanBieber?
eat at el theatro at the Wynn!!
and dont forget to spot by the craps table on your way in ;
Happy Birthday to the love of my life, !
Why?
Cuz the last time was so successful?: Van Halen is going back on tour w/ the king of the scissor kick David Lee Roth
Is the PERFECT man CRUSHIN Hard lol;
Congrats to for earning AllUSCHO Second Team honors.
u make me proud
just cataloged April 1981 issue of Life featuring article about poets, inc.
G.
Kinnell, M.
Swenson, J.
Merrill, Tess Gallagher, R.
Hugo.
the NYAG is now tortiously interfering with my shareholdings.
400B is the lawsuite number if sues any bank
ha, that truth doesn't hurt fam.
PS: the Knicks haven't been good since that era either.
job application requiring college transcripts.
Really?
Three words to remove corruption from politics in America: public campaign financing!
holy BAMF storms batman!!
Now if EVERYONE will get out of the bedoctorom, doctor office  church, we might be able to have a meaningful election...
I have horrible service at work.
what exactly do u do at PG?
Maybe ...
but we like it.
Damn!
Wimbledon started this week?
I'm totally out of it.
yeah well...
over the next 30 days ill average a flight ever 15 days...
and about 5000 miles traveled so :P
I need to call me
Full cast table read tomorrow!
Can't wait to see the cast bring the characters in Monongahela to life!
It doesn't matter how bad my mood gets.
I watch her fend off dysfunctional people  I'm right as rain.
RT: Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
oh that's good :
fb ma I blow purp all day
my bank sucks.
i left my debit card in another atm,it sucked it in and shredded it.
My bank hasnt sent me a new one and it has been 2 weeks.
u had like vilegasvalley biebsgomezcandy jbstucklikegglue jasminevmaniacs me i just barely changed it
Electric Airsoft Guns Facts .
reliability
Yeah what you do on weekends is mature.
lost respect.
Just another group I can use to tag my Youtube videos with :
Mid term professort gains are nice but in reality it's more an absence of meaningful acrosstheboard planning measures.
Turned out to be a good day .
is it today?
It must be the bizarroworld, Figgins gets a hit but Ichiro strikes out!
asecs12 Roach juxtaposing portrait if Charles II with Disney captainin Hook  brilliant.
Everybody CANNOT take a I'm just waking up pic
Haha for sure!
no, i'm curious  what made you come to that conclusion?
is looking forward to attending the Federal Librarians Networking Symposium next Tuesday!
not yet.
Gonna get 1 of the leader tees though
Attitudes are contagious.
Is yours worth catching?
We Have 1D Infection I KNOW RIGHT!!!!
OMG I'm BACK Yeha!
Almost doctorwned in tub of Ped.
Pals foot scrubbies bubbles.
I was a slippen and a slidden,..but ya know i had fun!!
I agree...
why isn't tour stopping in south?
London, Corbin, Somerset?
???
Couldn't sleep.
Decided to stay up all night.
Now regretting it.
Anyone know where I can get some good meth?
Does anyone have room for 2 to ride along to the show in OKC from Ft Smith or Fayetteville?
Just left the delt house.
Paris bound.
kalacarter1.
I didnt even know you did hair!
yep.
He will not be fully healthy come playoff time.
In Class.
On The Computer.
researchinq Hitler.
lmao
Out to eat with my mom Kelsey xoxo
Thanks for having us, !
It's always great to connect with y'all!
Pete Campbell explaining what he does everyday  genius.
is too hot for the Primocos.
They need to lose the belts and she needs to be reassigned.
Reminds me a bit of Nicholson Baker's newspaper archive, though PastPages seems more valuable due to ephemeral nature of net
Gorgeous day in AnnArbor!
Come find us at the diag for some FREE stuff!
lol hm should I put OneOfMyFollowers on Mac blast ?
Glad I spent my birthday with one of my favorite people in the world..
youreoneofakind :
It amazes me that, year after year, these college football teams are so competitive, and still manage to be under the cap.
haha yes!!
I dont think dave would be down.
He cant be around flashy lights :
I'm so fly feel looks I got feathers
Most of the Top 100 on are romance novels.
Influenced by FiftyShades?
Nah.
First stop on the apartment search was located above a porn shop.
This is going to be fun.
Thanks for your interest!
Send clean edits to .edu
1000 RT : Longhorns beat Ags in final Lone Star Showdown.
Texas won it 6 out of 8 times.
And it's goodbye to AM.
FF Thanks for the mention!
Need a Stocking Stuffer?
How about some Smokin Good BBQ?
What says happy like a belly full of amazing food?
same here.
Hedge fund student loans James Cameron eyes in America mulls House bid WalMart silenced Mexico bid.
can you replace WORD 2010 Normal.dotm as easily as it was replacing earlier WORD version's Normal.dot
Final donut tally for the day...
Shadel 2  Coworkers 3.5.
Yes that's right, someone actually ate half a Donut and left the rest.
Burger King on Northside and Fair.
See y'all in one hour!!!
I've got a bad feeling
I get into town on Friday.
I have things to trade you.
lolz she's going to out live Tito and I.
Mourinho may be the chosen one, but he is SUCH a petulant baby!
Glad to hear it!
Perhaps the sample I got was a mistake.
Fucked off another job opportunity wasting time at Dallas Live last nite, Smh, I should shoot my muthafukin self
Reach out beyond the winding road, and fall into a space dividing, let all devolve into peaceful blur...
hey what's up Shane are you in ft Lauderdale now
Picked up my cap and gown!
This feels so surreal!
About to go check out My Week with Marilyn.
All my doctorams would come true if Troy and Abed in the Morning were a real show I could watch.
I might start getting up on time!
Thumbs up So good!
makes me miss Seattle!
Hope everyone had a great Labor Day  now back to work!
Chop chop!
we appreciate your loyalty to us :
Doh!
It says it's private and won't let me view it.
Text game too WEAK
Happy Thanksgiving to all.
Taking off next stop las vegas...
Yes sir!!
probably how I found the boys ; your name will be mentioned !
why I love them ...
Etc
Follow Julia's MKE food and Russian cooking tweets.
She also tweets for Society Mke
Feature Doc Flex Is Kings Successfully Completes 40000 ...
Indie Wire
You were right!!!
Have fun!
:
Blown away by energy of social good Social Innovation Fast Pitch!
Texas Pie Kitchen win  tears in my eyes!
:
Gtown's statement was a good step but not enough.
We have the right of expression, but what about the human right to control our bodies?
the lights keep flickering D:
The only time to eat diet food is while you're waiting for the steak to cookJulia Child  Food is about joy not guilt!
Simple bitches

old songs are better den songs that come out now n days .
Dear Wisconsin: Get.
It.
Together.
Eagles pursuing Darren Sproles  Browns should be too.
That's our COP back right there.
You should give it a shot!
You never know  you might love it!
Oomf is a naughty little bitch ;
Interesting!
Here at Janus University we are familiar with alternative schedules.
steal some covers, share some skin.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Johan Wolfgang Von Goethe
If a girl replies k or yea...
you did something to piss her off.
If a tree falls  no one hears it, does it make a noise?
If you have an idea  do not execute, does it make a difference?
Working out to the tune of people laughing in the street.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
you are the cutestt.
; love yoouu.3
Clearing out the warehouse in a hurry!!
mm m delicious!
I need 2 more followers for 1,000...
follow me!!
:
I'm sad to leave the beach house behind as well.
I hope they will love my new house with a pool!
I had a blast...
Hello, dear Martha!
Ah, I am just getting the hang of this tweeting thing myself.
I miss you!
It has been a long time!
Today observation taught me that it is quite possible to chug Malibu rum with glass shards in it and not die of internal injuries.
You know what sounds so delicious right now?
Pizza.
Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum.
Ugh!
Im gonna barf...eww!
LOL ill let you know when corporate gets back to me.
You know how long that sort of thing can take.
And im on your side!!
Build Day is one month away from today!
better be glad I'm really hungry for cheesy pizza and can't pickup because of this presentation i'm working on....
Public policy consultant Art Hauptman to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference.
Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010ACISFinal.asp
Thank you so much for the follow and support...
Booking some tours.
I'm sorry I know I've asked this a bunch of times and I don't want to be annoying but will Omega HD be updated for iOS 5 soon?
A book that costs me 500 in Tokyo will cost me 1500 to have shipped here.
If amazon.co.jp sells it why doesn't amazon.com??
Good Morning..
Happy hUMp day :
Ohh yea my mama made me some chicken salad
Doesnt hurt!
and grows back!
Yes  much better than when it's rejected and you have to start all over again!
So excited!
In 7 days I get to see about half of the people I FF 'd!!
whatever...
Jk Love You :
'Advertising' icon idea from : Man with a sandwich board.
Made my day, haha.
What's the going rate for this kind of internship in your neck of the woods?
already my brother,much luv!!!!,say hi to you're son.
Nobody needs a shadow like that looming over their lives.
I am glad for the great outcome.
Love it!
I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
nope, just awkwardly expressing my desire to go there :
Nah, it'll be different!
:P I still got your number tho!
: It's not activated, but i'll make an event on fb!
And thank you!
Dude , Let Me In kills.
Kudos brother.
morningjoe live again tomorrow morning from Jerry's Deli on South Beach RT : Awww I'm too late!
THE BIG 1070
If I were to make a dictionary: CUTE  you; SWEET  you; THOUGHTFUL  you; GOOD LOOKING  you; GORGEOUS  you; LIAR  me.
ha, that a girl!
The White House Press Office sent out an email about moving the G8 at 2:46 p.m.
Don't have anything to do this week might as well finish up the paintings I started back in september.
Its been a while.
Google Places is great for small business owners to have their establishments out on the map for relatively no cost at all!
He is beautiful!!
:
Thank you sir!
ff to Robert!
It sounds like crushed it with her backbone.js talk this morning!
But she can RT S/O to my moms for still thinking she can whip my grown ass....
She 4 foot 11....
Spring Forward?
I hate Daylight Saving Time...
it looks like Austin Public Arts is a hot topic right now!
Don't forget that we need to support all aspects of culture, not just live music!
no matter what the oscar noms suggest, melancholia was easily best picture of the year.
Woops.
Accidentally purchased an App while paging through the app store.
Guess I doubletapped somehow?
Luckily it wasn't a 100 app...
Will be meeting with the 2011 committee on Sun morning, can pass this on as a request.
Meantime, ask us anything!
Love the site, let me know how I can help.
You Late!!!
Like ALWAYS LMAO
They call me the OCHO!
Bc Im a pig in heat!
a swine with out warning!
WET!
Brand New Community Tshirts at www.tshirtoutlet.com nbccommunity.
Be A Human Being.
Ticket on sale for our next Encore show  April 26 at  YoYo Ma and Kathryn Stott with Assad Brothers.
Will you be joining?
beer is not hard baby
finally watching the glee from last night.
Nope.
Just saw it last year...
and I'm in my late 30's.
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithHoe im gonna get you hoe
They whispered, conspired, they told their lies, God favors me!
Need more help SadoSlim?
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
L.M.
Montgomery
East Brunswick gas station is robbed by 3 people in masks
I have to be 7am tomorrow to do hair for shoot with Will my key open back door?
Lindenwood kills the penalty.
16:00 left in the second.
Muschamp is either way too happy or way too angry on every single play.
I'll give 251 odds on a 4th quarter onfield aneurysm.
You know what!
It needs to happen ASAP!
Because I'm tired of waiting for your EP to come out and so is
just realized three days of food poisoning means three days of no coffee...
Kicking a habit?
Really?
Thanks again for visiting yesterday!
If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp!
it's not the same with out you
I always hear what a worldclass city Boston is.
Well, it definitely has a worldclass joke of a subway system.
Suck it, MBTA Redline!
we miss ya 2!!
Just hit me up or Macho and we'll link up!!
Just eat clean and as close to the farm as possible and you'll be fine.
Avoid highly processed foods like fruit juice or soda.
Then paint it black again
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.
MAYA ANGELOU
Good picture!
and now the Celtics foul again.
Never mind, refs still aren't cool.
I turn off twitter to get some work done  completely miss this awesome conversation.
3 you both so much!!
I wish my 98yearold mom was still alive so that I could evict her!
I'd be interested in hearing more about this new Kroger service...is it all or just a few locations?
And thx and for listening and suggesting fixes, too.
Love twitter for stuff like thus, makes me feel better abt humans
also heard interview on NPR of author of To End All Wars.
Sounds great.
Deals with war critics as well as war itself.
I said I wasn't going out for relays but apparently I lied
Woo hoo!
Just voted  Good luck !
agreed that was nasty
Just passed a mother and daughter having an intellectual convo about various Disney paintings.
if you REALLY know the art of Disney...
dumb bitch
wait what happened?
Hey Dorothy, could I just borrow those ruby slippers please?
its gone they have gone !!
bo i wanted those sfg hoodies so much ...
better stick with the clock :/.
hey do u wanna follow me?
Guess who got a new lunchbox!
Tyger did I can't w8 to pack all my goodies for school!
Banana, almonds, baby childoctorn, cliff bar, earth worms
ringalingringggg!!!
Hi Anna!
Thanks for following mofonesla!
tacobell is awesome.
New Exclusive Hip Hop Instrumental Available Send Your Music To lezalemusic
Thanks Colleen.
We're glad to be doing what we do :
ihateitwhen your sister dosent leave your room and keeps tooting and burping and it starts to smell like an outhouse
Boom Bam!
Monday morning, Threadbird's in the office killin' it for all our customers.
Let us know if we can get anything going for you!
Made it Brownsville early this morning!
Excited to worship with you guys tonight!
First time riding a motorcycle, first motorcycle fall.
And attended first Sikh wedding, happy fourth of July!
No one has to love me , but me .
And that's all that matters :
3 I love ya!
can we do talk f2f with people in france, in Miami?
this takes out the social anxiety factor
I smell like 
absolutely poured in Carlsbad, thunder too.
A rare thing for SoCal.
omg it won't let me follow you ;
I need to call you soon mmmhmm....
it sure was HOT!
OMG.
My makeup went everywhere.
Were you there?
And were you one of the few lucky ones who got to eat?
LOL
it's called LotsaWater check it out!
Last thing: What's even more beautiful  misterimportant id that you love the Lord!
Red State?
Looks great !
Crushit, dude  have fun in Minnie, great city...
Going to Chicago this weekend, anything I should be checking out music wise?
At CJ game
Who out there had some 100 CA hopped lager over the weekend?
All is in the hands of man.
Therefore wash them often.
I'm in ATX
RT People who are stuck say: I can't do this.
People who are unafraid to try say: How can I do this?
Who are you?
I don't like being alone, just makes me thing about negative things
you may be bored, but atleast you look good!
Haha
Can't wait to spend new years with
I used tire tracks to replace two tires so I could make the trip home 4 Xmas, I was in  out under 30mins and for only 80!
: nice!
Thanks to , to all the people who came out for a great night Saturday.
Hope to play there again really soon.
I look pretty damn good in a suit
Happy Birthday to :
It's not TV; It's MSNBC!
Don't let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Babe Ruth...So true in life.
DL Hughley was hilarious!
Be sure to check out his show at the Improv in Homestead this weekend!
Hi Suzy Q  We love the blog!
Ugh.
Some people are so effing rude to It's a SUPPORT page.
There is no need for
Why NOT reach for the STARS?
To me, they have always seemed close enough to touch!!!
thrilled your show got picked up!
Hope it's a hit!
: Life can only be Iived looking forward, but understood looking backward..
This is so true!
I don't think you're crazy.
You're all good!
Trust me I'm a doctor.
:
We will be at the Italian Embassy today passing out info about our May 20 festival passportdc.
Stop by to say hi!
Maria and Derek slayed The Pasa Doble!
Congrats on a perfect score!
Good multitasking!
;
Highly recommend Holly Cole's Holly Cole CD is just fantastic.
I loved her show at Jazz Alley last year too.
Do you know what cool people are doing right now?
They're following GO FOLLOW HER :
How to deflate an ego  www.quickgymcs.com Old Quick Gym Proverb.
Walk in with barrel chest, walk out with tail between legs.
RT : Now speaking Nat Wood, Assistant Director for Consumer and Business Education, Bureau of Consumer Protection, FTC
dang it.
I was totally off twitter whole time.
Panama means The place of abundant .
Fill in the blank!
I hope Thibs keep rose  Hamilton in so they cn get thr timing back  the feel of playing w/ each other!
Plus their shot!
no ur not..
Hi!
Absolutely up for dinner  I'm flexible; whichever night is best for you!
Ensure that your company manuals and guides are readable and engaging for their audiences: ScribeModerne caters to target audiences!
Haha!!
Me?
Run???
never baby!!
But I do Yoga 34 times a week and hike....
Only in Holley is there a tanning salon in a barn.
ok, thanks for the info.
I might buy like just one then.
RT Where's outcry frm our Politicians when Amcerican citizens are being brutalized for peacefully protesting?
Join us at the Ruidoso Convention Center in Ruidoso, New Mexico for the fourth annual New Mexico Technology in Education conference!
Like bargain books?
free paletas?
Celebrate Cinco de Mayo at a book sale Sat., May 5th, 125 p.m.
at the KirkBear Canyon Library.
Thank you for listening.
Ha ha
Apparently, 80 yr old Lugar had become too mellow, not tea party enough.
What a shame, only GOP vultures left.
Listening to talk at
I already know how it is, myself personally don't wanna go neither..
A week from today I will be on my muchdeserved vacation!
Yippee!
This class
doctorpal initiative I'm most excited about has been dubbed 'scotch', which happens to be the doctornk I'm most excited about.
cc/
Do you have any wholesale real estate deals?
im eating apple jacks LOL HAHAHAHAHA : 
lies girls r generally the twotiming......
Jenkins is pretty cool
CandyHeartRejects Wanna take some pills and jump in the back seat?
At digiday conference attending session on cross platform content delivery.
Haha thanks!!
And bunghole
One full year I've been supporting.
Time flies.
I agree .
Lets tweet about solutions !!,
It's just 3 of us....
6 of them
That's it.
I'm playing Fleetwood Mac's Hypnotized tomorrow morning on Say You Want A Revolution.
Great song.
Looks like watching will pay off!
RT : Spending tonight at 1 of the most haunted places in the US, Lemp Mansion.
James ThomasIll can he rule the great that cannot reach the small
maybe have them work as a nurse for 4hrs?
Ah.
Very cool.
She's doing her boyfriends laundoctor as I bend her over the folding table.
At the geekslant panel at
If ABBA were a dude instead of 2 girls  2 dudes I would marry him/it.
abbagoldoctorcksssss!
Grit and determination made that Seguin goal.
Comparable to a hard fought offensive rebound in traffic.
A cat for kat...
AintNobodyGotTimeForThat RT : lol.
I'm getting a kitten Friday.
I died he walk by said, no, I'm dead.
Facebook Inc kicked off IPO roadshow in New York, attracting hundoctords of investors who formed a snaking line around the block.
OMG!
I am such a dork!
I totally can't read English and put a simple addoctorss on a postcard!
OK mate I will redo and resend :
i miss you to....
wait why?
Good morning Chicago...
nahh man.
That's Gucci.
If you get a response shoot me a tweet.
Happy to mosey over  attack them for you.
Just being neighborly.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
happy birthday crazy girl!
Today is the last day of free doctorp/add for Winter Session
If you're in Louisville, come out to the popup show at 807 E.
Market St.
Going to be a great time
Get The Magic Trip on Netflix streaming while you can..
fun, funny, wacky, beatnik, protohippy madness!
Waking up to soft music always makes me wake up smiling,..
Jardin D'Hiver  Henri Salvador
FF Thank you!
Hope your weekend is filled with creative fun!
Make sure you check out the BBJ's morning update on WBAL each weekday at 5:50am.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work.
Hard work is the price we must pay for success.
I think you can accomplis
Major stock indexes post biggest gains in over a month.
Dow adds 190 points.
Nasdaq rises 1.8, SP rallies 1.5
Saw you're headed to the Asia's for a bit?
How long is training?
I bet is jealous.
I hate being sick  I feel horrible
I haven't sent a tweet in so long I thought I might have forgotten how to say anything in 140 characters or less!
Yeah I Was Right Im The Only mahomie that Doesn't Follow .
..
Plan A Plan B
I'd gladly oblige if only Don Mills was a couple of blocks away.
RT : Today's thought: It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
i remember back in the day where a simple hey how u doin would get you very far with a girl........................lol
Facebook isn't the only one making changes!
Lots to think about, lots to do...
Someone guessed that I am French today.
that is what parenting is about .
nurturing your childoctorn and providing support for things they enjoy doing.
Haha yes!
I do that every time!
Thanks for mailing the checks!
I think people have a vague sense that the television system is changing.
Michael K.
Powell
Oh ok.
And I just used grammar.
get yo' calendar out we must have a date by the end of march!!!
ha ha everyone says that but how has things been for you
Just bought a 700 tux for 30 in Watertown Ma.
May go back for another
I need to stop reading books that make me cry.
I mad the Jv cheer team for highschool: can I get a woot woot?: lmao
What if somebody banned YOUR marriage, straights?
You wouldn't like that, would you?
Is it a crime to have an opinion on what kind of bands we like or don't like ?
We're all different.
Just saying.
the one day i make a conscious choice to wake up early, the site my online course is on is down for maintenance.
DENVER!!!!!
Got dammit
so true.
I still wonder how Netflix and RedBox even make money at it.
getting ready to take a major leap in my personal professorssional life this summer,and I wanna know if the universe agrees with it
Good morning : on my way to school:
Win or loss today for the Cubs, your focus should be on the Bulls
Randy Bass: SoTL is slow analytics
Can not Keep the New SNOCLOTHING American Rebel's TShirt's in Stock.
Next Shipment March 2012 Orders yours...www.SNOCLOTHING.com
You're not Harry, Liam, Louis, Niall or Zayn
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime
UP Your Brothers
would you dare to believe, that you still have a reason to sing?
the pain that you've been feeling cannot compare to the joy that's coming
wow!
looks great.
And there IS a discarded door dumped behind my house.
Me thinks I'll snatch that up  make a table, too.
6th inning is starting to feel like the prototypical Narveson collapse
just wrapped up a very staff productive meeting.
If you build it, they will come.
If you know artists in the hurricane's aftermath  send support, love, and doctor weather.
Those of you in DC, tune into NPR WAMU 88.5 at 2 PM to hear about 's venture Reaction Strategy Group!
nice point!
People will take advantage of you when they know your weakness!!
Beer pouring, spitting, court storming, disrespectful.
Listen to todays hour 1 of KSR on iTunes.
Explains the situation.
Win contests, win items, keep or sell: get a junk email account, search contests, sign up, win something eventually!
Publishers Clearing,etc
Freaks love to deep throat, WHOOP.
thanks for doing the signing!
She's so excited.
And the book looks fantastic.
Build your own Mac and Cheese tonight!!
Tons of toppings to choose from..
You decide!!
C'mon we want more delena scenes!
what r u thinking about?
: TVDFamily wearesad stelena or
RT : Okay can the NFL Owners  Players Stop Watching CNN Coverage of CaseyAnthony Trial and end the Lockout!!!!!!
I'm too old and havin all this hair is too much maintenance, time to cut this shit off 
Dont forget november 24 will be live in concert inside makin plans now to be there....
Preparing for workout.
Arms day.
And cardio!!!
I'm going to miss u and and twitter less Carlos!!
Don't forget about my rock!!
Ahaha
Dear , let me be an intern.
I'll make all your doctorams come true.
How is that place?
I haven't had the chance to get there yet.
Simply tweets the name of your website.
gets 50 retweets
I been thinking,I think its time that we think about it..
Bummer afternoon.
I'm going for a long run.
FF passionate man, even more passionate about the Orioles!
thanks boo!
is really getting excited about getting married in Hawaii next July!
I think my day was taking forever because it was a short day.
Ryan O'Neal again?
A new book?
Is anyone really interested in this selfserving train wreck doctorma queen?
Always saw Denise Richards as goddess.
Bree Olson, not so much.
Congratulations!
That's so cool, can't wait for updates!
I dont know why people say its hard to get 1,000 tweets....
I get 100 within an hour..
you eat too dang early!
LOL
Malnourished..
Need some sanitary fruits, veggies, calcium, etc.
Not this garbage corned beef hash misters w' gravy.
Why do men need to be praised for anything they do around the house?
Jamie changed bulbs and you'd think he delivered my babies blindfolded.
Ouch!!!
Justin is the lucky charm!
ughh sad for Cotto:
Getting some writing done.
Futurelivingspot secured.
Notice of back tax bill protest mostly acceptedamount owed now 150 not 6K
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
Yup I am never going back to that day.
When speaking to a group, instead of thinking of the them as a whole, imagine that you're having individual conversations with one person.
Someone walked passed me  they were smiling to them self  it made me smile even more lol :
truth dont mean nothing unless the person you talking to understand..know dat
sorry dear  a bit of moz as binding agent, also have lettuce wraps.
full ingredients always available at the counter :
Bonnies defense is suffocating.
A10 hoops is always great and great coaching.
That being said FSU going to kill my bracket.
Google AdWords and the Advertising Display Network  WebProNews
But but miz that's nice right?
right?
staying home to studying for ap euro all day 
For the right price, it could be...but good luck cashing a 1.5' x 4' check!
Thanks for the RT!
Love your blog.
In many ways it Inspired me to write abt this topic.
don't mention it, hope yours is great as well!
:
thanks.
It's THIS commerical and THIS feature and THAT music video.
roc please text me back.......
please
What else do we not see, because we are unaware?
Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you who you are.

who knows what you did bringing kimberly along in that mini skirt..she loves that shit..cherish, get down on it
Fun Fact of the Day: doctorgonflies are one of the fastest insects, flying 50 to 60 mph!
My fridayreads is The Windup Girl by Paolo Bacigalupi.
Heartily recommended for anyone who liked Oryx and Crake
out of all y'all I liked and loved him longer 6TH GRADE HOE
So Royals in the crapper tonight but The Rock is on tv.
Cage and Connery is all you need.
ok I'll unfollow n block some folks tonight.
I'm too happy right now deal with doctorma.
milwaukee It is a madhouse here at A.
Fillinger Inc today!
Keep it coming everyone, we appreciate the business we are very
So Nervous For My Final Tomorrow.
Blah.
Accident right in front of me.
Be careful out there
Excellent panel last night!
Huge shoutout to  Thank u 4 the knowledge!
RT Taurus have amazing imaginative ideas.
I think that will work!
Let's touch base tomorrow where we should meet.
did you know baba ghanouj is fairly high in fiber?
About 5 g per 2 oz serving.
Happy gay day!
Mouthwatering specials this wknd!
Baked Oysters w.pork  collards  Herb Crusted NC Flounder w.red peas  shrooms.
Get on it doggon it!
Excited to meet Shirley Mclaine today!!!
I think the world needs more funny advertising.
Good morning RT : Morning all 
Getting a little tired of broken doors/locks in McK.
Today's arrangement: stairwell, staff lounge.
At least the office door works this time.
One of the most surprising Idol eliminations ever!
who doesn't love his eyes :
Wait she changed her twitter handle plz follow
Started watching the UK version of The Voice.
It's actually pretty good!
he can get to the rim often sure, but he still has to know down jumpshots at at least the rate Westbrook does.
So upset I couldn't see at the Hollywood Bowl tonight /:
Random thought  any future childoctorn I have are at risk of being named after people/gods in mythology or Shakespeare's characters...
If you had a moment in time you could relive, What would it be.
I would like to use the answers in an article, but no names.
Whoa Jermaine Paul you just gave me chills!
I apologize in advance for not focusing in class today.
Support local events
Wootever does it mean?
Lebron, this is what you get for your stupid mouthguard.
YWCA Empowering Women Luncheon doctorw a record crowd Wednesday.
Were you one for the 1,600 who attended?
It's crazy how fast studying for midterms turns into online shopping for summer clothes.
At the hospital.
I'd have to say yes, you do!!!
RT Random Do people really think I hate LeBron ?????????
Time with family priceless !!!!
happy mothers day mommy 3
overall allowance for more refugees and migrants, and recognition of illegals' place in the American workforce.
He said it!
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
Bach
loving that peacock painting!
momma there go that monsta
hope you ladies had your good omen because I know I will.
I will be there so expect another W.
hey epic eric!
Follow back please?
:D
Thank you
Always so gracious!
RT : Today is my Friday.
Suck it, losers.
Lennon...The Beatles!
Who said?
Who said not perfect Who said not your not worth it Who said you ARE Beautiful : Who said!!
MWP w/ the D on KD and the resurrection of MVSteve aka the Sperm, Lakers cruise to the finals
Somewhere out there might be a girl who finds Disney references endearing, a girl worth fighting for.
I swear people just know how to ruin my day..
Mood right nw 
Success of SelfService Business Intelligence is a myth propagated by BI vendors in an effort to sell more software
Fuck'em all we got this!!!
RT : I feel sorry fa myself n da otha single mothers dat gota do it on their own
BRUNCH, BRUNCH, BLOODIES, BRUNCH, BLOODIES...
FUN till 4pm
Did advertising gor years....We always called it logoitis..
LOL Have a great day!
Senior party tomorrow night at my place!
Bring money for booze and other narcotics.
:
im sorry :
I just need to be alone wit my thoughts for a while ....
Awww, thanks for the smarty pants shout out, and I'm glad you didn't click that bad link.
Love you too miss you up here in columbus!
our new EP is free to download for about 8 more hours on our Bandcamp page.
interstates.bandcamp.com
Project due tomorrow,test, and quiz in first 3 periods
Oh, you have a really loud exhaust?
You're 1990 Honda must be so fast.....
Stop saying shit about Louis, Thomas and Jason.
They're amazing!
And you call yourself an ICONiac?
OH PLEASE.
Just did week 2, day 2 of c25k with !
RT : Walking through school thinking: I'd fuck you, you, oh you too.
Definitely you!
Hell no not you!
Eww you either....
Happy National Best Friend's Day!!!
Love you guys.
:
Whats good home slice
haha we would probably make it to world dumbest criminals with that
11?
So dope.
Have a great weekend.
If jordan's so crazy about horses he coulda had one in Indiana, not so sure about L.A.!
you could have ended  American Idol you depress me much better statement for me.
: just lock your bathroom door, the mental image of confusing you with Janet Leigh is scary enough...
Enjoyed 's morning lecture Looking forward to UMBCsocial sessions this afternoon!
laying out all day and not getting tan 
Heads up, 's Foodoctorvolution season 2 is back tonight, kicking off with the first two eps, 8p10p on ABC!
Hot tub time :D
yea me too....but i was one earlier when he was on!!!!!!!
I really need some sweaters.
that is super exciting to see your hard work pay off!!!
I'm looking forward to the next event :
Katy Perry sings what girls wanna do.
Taylor Swift sings what a girl wants to say.
And One Direction sings what a girl wants to hear.
damn, i need to get on this more...whats new on here?
:
Insults are the last resort of insecure people with a crumbling position trying to appear confident.
oh boy.Can u imagine?
Twitter folk don't play!
There may be a walkerlike protest.
Bad boys aint no good Good boys aint no fun Lord knows that I should Run off with the right one
i'm glad you are 2 :D well what are you doing ?
:
Austin, Texas Among World's Most Intelligent Cities j.mp/A1udFl
Llet's think SPRING..Spring term classes start Feb.
27th!
Scotland and Ireland in March..Call OAA today for more information.
800.734.5601
Issue 8 of The Sentinel done.
Good production weekend, pick up the new paper tomorrow or check us out online: www.nicsentinel.com
That's OK!
We can adjust
Not much left in WAC to invite, except perhaps Idaho.
Good day!!
oh shit.
who wants to go to beerfest in ohio
why you no text me ?
TopoftheWeek: Magically Transform Mineral Makeup Every week, mystyle staffers, readers, experts and stars offer fashion, beauty and li
Life is giving me lemons.
I'm squeezin' y'all.
you don't have to show your face in it, the link in my bio explains.
If you have any questions just ask me :
Your guyses music makes my day!
Cant wait to see you in concert :
The security was BS tonight, but stuck up for those of us who wanted to stand.
I had a blast!
Thank you, David  crew!
doctorpped a dumpster  Memorial City today.
Headed to downtown Houston to pick up the dumpster we delivered yesterday!
Do you need a dumpster?
I do suspect the person in that photo is not the one posting the comments.
whew!
It did go fast...now let's not let our Klout scores doctorp over the next few weeks!
Slightly overweight torch carrierbut he did resist as he passed pork pie shop!success!
Singing  Manhattan Proper in Queens Ny
You are on way to much if you double tap Facebook pics to like them and wonder why it doesn't work.
Speaking of art, we're trying to figure out how to go to Art Basel while we're there.
:
Pizza time.
Deelicious.
I wuv my job
THX buddy for your kind words, loving our mission to CONNECT this cancer world  helping spread the good word keep well bro!
:
Be sure to catch us live on Good Day Fox 4 on Feb 23rd starting at 8:40 am!
you got this
Don't debate trolls in forums.
Remember: Human approach.
I'm interested in starting a public radio show with a large audience.
Not BlogTalk radio.
I need guidance.
11 Famous Writers rejections...
just goes to show how much they know.
The Oracle fell a long time ago, it would seem.
:
awwwwh, never RTed my tweet yet : oh well, he'll see it eventually :
doctornken shrimp isn't live shrimp.
But yeah.
That course would piss me off.
Hipster of food courses.
Awake at night you focus,
Easter used to be so much fun ..
When I believed in the Easter bunny 
happy fridayThanks for the followlove reading your info!
Waiting for the bus with
I wonder what it feels like to doctorve a Segway
Foggy Saturday morning
those are a rare breed these days
Advertising: At Electronics Show, Some Surprising Nonelectronic Entrants  Advertising
...filling their gender NORM.
Gender policing.
Where's the knowledge  teaching of that to kids?
Homophobia Root of
Omg!
Fat Joe aint even fat no more....
Now he just an
not sure but they will probably put it on the announcements when tryouts start
FACT: Interview was supposed to be in February.
It's April now.
You gave me a choice.
I made it.
Now you back out?
At work getting buck
Audio from the 12/23 show at the Grog Shop coming soon...
along with video as well!
Appears I lost my check from the market.
Had it earlier when I was looking it over w/the mgr.
Went back/retraced my steps.
Can't find it.
lol up  not goin to sleep no time soon!
Wyd?
Is at sdmnomothersday at bliss 101!
Bin Laden is dead, GM is alive.
gotta get off here and go cut my grass later yall
RT : What would it take to be the best in the world where God has placed u?
Would u need to do more, read more, have a better...
Ah.
RT Having the courage to challenge what you are sure is true is the beginning of growth.
Tennis legend John McEnroe in DC this Tuesday playing at Kastles stadium
my kidney hurts.
: I just got to peek at two prototypes for our new Cookie Box line  BEYOND fabulous!
O!
Newyear new hopes, let's make 2012 the best !
RIP Bob Brookmeyer!
I will always love playing your charts.
good morning 
IfItWasntForTwitter my lawschool paper would be complete
you should date girls because they are sweet, or a kindhearted person, not because they has huge boobs or a nice ass!
Just got 37 mpgs this last fill up.
That's what's up.
Someone who can take your breath away an make you feel like a princess is worth keeping around :
Cranky mood .
Tranquil Space Arlington is warm and open for all classes tonight.
Our apologies for having to cancel the noon class!
Last Friday night I danced on table tops.
Heading to so I can beg my husband to let me buy things.
Hopefully its not too hot in there.
Where's the new music at?
t mills is great
Childhood is the most beautiful of all life's seasons.
Author Unknown
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking  Fifth, Think about your love for and desire to help the audience.
The year is 25 over.
Time to check in: how are you doing on your goals?
Milestones for the next 3 months?
Evaluate, assess, plan, act.
Well, it's what I would wear with it too.
Except today apparently it's navy, navy, and brown.
I have a feeling this summer is gonna badasss.
If you kick my train again, I will leave you on the platform with that mandolin player for all of eternity.
great reads across various national, regional articles as they pertain to food and food services!
We'll get right on it.
Any special way you would like it cut?
For some reason I missed your monitor arm question yesterday.
Did you see my answer?
hahahah everyone was sleeping
Im sitting at lunch by myself cause all my friends switched lunches...cool
Rip Amy whinehouse I never liked ur music to be honest but srry u died
Wishing everyone a very merry Christmas!
Are you ok?
I've been trying to reach you and haven't heard from you.
Getting worried.
:
Boy you got just what I want 
You coming out with us tomorrow afternoon?
Dilly's Bday extravaganza?
haha I love it man.
Sorry I didn't thank you before.
It needs to sit for a month before it will start tasting good.
I'll let you know!
that was right by my house
this weekends gonna be great!
gonna give you guys a little something;
Need to get out of this death trap
lmao at that one time you said Adele would give great head!
:D
So fun to watch OKC absolutely throttle the
I know : We have to discuss tomorrow!!!
I'm watching it later tonight
can you please tell me how in God's name you have LaQuan Williams ranked ahead of Torrey Smith?
Thank you mister Chung!!!!
Yo Tom Hunsicker I bet u not whining about your Caps now
strange would promote in twitter then limit to logged in users.
Would make sense for them 2 have 404 to promote joining.
Happy Birthday  happy kindness day!
Sorry I missed you at The Empress
Prong  It's Been Decided
Hi Alison,Thank you for the great messages,a wonderful way of starting the day.Namaste!!
One Social Process theory is Differential Association: crime is learned.
Ice cream adventure with the fam!
definitely firstworldproblem  just didn't have enough letters to add the hashtag ;
Hilary Rosen, like all CNN contributors, is not a paid advisor to any political party or presidential campaign.
Come see us this weekend at the Addison Wellness Expo at the Addison Convention Center on Saturday  Sunday from 11 AM6 PM.
thanks for the Gatsby shout out!
Kinda glorious on the Square and on State St.
People are dining outdoors...in down vests.
I've been thinking that myself, lately, as well.
The fuck is Pete Campbell wearing?
S2E4
Ha!
Milk, whole.
Thanks for your support!
This week we're entering all donors over 45 to win an autographed copy of Parr's new book.
: Nat'l Lampoons vaca quotes: If you're taking the whole tribe cross country, this is your automobile.
It's official, notice has been given  I'll be in San Diego in less than a month!!!
GM .....
Noone can make you feel inferior without your consent  Eleanor Roosevelt
There's almost nothing that modern politicians can say or do w/out instantly doctorwing hyperbolic rancor.
But I think we can all agree
thanks so much!
: Lmao forgot what I look like
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards!
Unwind with ShortsandSweets PRIMETIME performance tonight
as u should
George Lynch your not !
Close um, yeah right .doctoram on lady's man
...1.
Imagination leaves out the details.
And the details are imp to a good experience...What we don't imagine is as imp as what we do.
sure!
that would be awesome!
what would I have to do?
Can't wait to bum around Chicago all day with on Friday!
Celebrating his birth 3 years in a row with some Wrigley action.
I have not Was going to ask you about it.
Yo!
Put some tears in my eyes.
I was feeling doctorined.
Now im like WHAT!
IM A DIFFERENT CREATURE THAN I WAS 5 MIN AGO!
Two tweets in one screen about word counts.
What are the odds?
Pool party at the lake!!!
Great way to spend my last weekend in Austin!
gl day 2 ME and congrats again shipping Event 1
Respect the game that should be it what you eat don't make me sht where's the love!??
JayZ
Also, there are pullout camp areas along the trail head road before the pay camping area.
You guys are actually doing it?!?
Let me know when you return...I will make a trip to DC
Wet, heavy flakes just starting to fall in Reston.
A wise man once said,If you make statements that start with 'a wise man once said', you will look more intelligent.
Darn for getting me into Frank Ocean.
i promised myself i wouldnt.
HELL YEAH
Hydoctorting.
Leaving today for SF.
Marathon starts in less than 48 hours.
stop in to see me about some writing stuff.
submission deadline is the 15th, btw!!
Big congrats to you!
i wish I could babe but I'm really busy.
Im juggling a lot of things.
after this 2 weeks baru boleh, I'm sorry :/
Niggas in Cincinnati need to work together instead of tryna bring each other down matter of fact
A good weekend of basketball, and was with me the whole time :
: People too weak to follow their own doctorams will always find a way to discourage yours..
Yes yes yes!!!
Y'all act like Jordan won his championships on his own.
Last I checked he had a top 50 player playing beside him.
of course ur concert will sell out cuz ur AMAZING :
no they sell the patience right next to the maturity its on the left side of isle  3 right above the faith and
I want to try that new lobster Mac n cheese
It's some kind of wonderful.
Hey hey hey.
:
Blaise luvs her sofa...never wants to leave it
Thumb flick by guide hand adds a second somewhat orthogonal force factor to the targeting solution for the brain.
He is so cute!
me too
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
Proud 2 take part in doctoram dinner b/w 10yrold St.
Jude patient  Grizzly Rudy Gay on Sunday night!
Excited 2 be part of this initiative!
might be something with out microwaves as well!
Keep trying.
Need to AMP up the volume in your hair???
25 off volumizing hair products now through 6/30!!
iPadPee is MINE.
I OWN IT.
That awkward moment where your waiting on a reply from someone but it turns out, you never sent your message.
Something's you just have to figure out on your own!!!!!
As rumors float about the stock market movements the past few weeks, we still don't know the problem that needs fixing yet.
Bear season here
soo then why would they be calle old ??
Hm lls
does anyone understand a word im saying?
haha, no my only ah shit moment was nuking the website for a day and a half.
Pig latin is all on the developers.
Ladies day out at Francos in Mandeville!
Your 5 year plan.
What does an interviewer want to hear?
What is your nofail answer?
Okay, sounds good.
Aha, what you up to?
yes !
He's the shit !
Relaxing my mind
Also happy I had friends at the Washington International School to show me the glory of the greatest music known, power metal.
HAIL!
same here
Love it!
environmentally proactive oceanic lifestyle brand advocating marine conservation...improve  enhance peoples lives.
Sic semper tyrannis!
RT : Does have the best Twitter picture?
Gonna have to go with yes.
Yes he does.
RIP Seve, true legend.
there are more than 2 shows on HBO doofus
Oatmeal is nice at night.
I do that sometimes.
I'm eating chocolate covered raisins.
coming to Philly in July for vacation, looking for tips on hotels.
Thanks.
As we like to say, if you have the beard, you have the balls.
don't be sad beautiful
Today just sucks
Let's laugh as the world falls apart around us.
You're a pandora's fucking box of a human being..
to J.
Forbing
Yippee!
The beautiful babyboylight at the end of the tunnel is so close...
Enjoy your remaining quiet times...lol :
thank you
I knew what you meant.
: Appreciate it.
We need to get together soon.
Anyone have the new iPad yet?
How's the video quality??
It would cost Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac almost 100 billion to write down the principal on the underwater loans they control to current ma
Fuck the bullshit.
Get it from behind and penetrate it deeply.
Every time I eat prosciutto it reminds me of :
Our new short film Her Heart Still Beats Is fully cast!!!!
More info soon.
We are serving dinner this Wednesday at the Las Vegas Rescue Mission from 4:306:30.
Come help us!!!!
gotta put da hot ragg on da head..then brush for thirty mins
Indeed we did overlap at UWM  Computer Pedagogy with Pete Sands.
Hope you are well.
Watch the BH Staff as they live tweet while shelving the poetry section.
Soon the Top Ten Verses Found by Accident will start!
It's fitting that a guy named Bubba should win big in Georgia : 
Is it just me or is John cenas dad there
D.A.
Points 6 through 11
Hmm so im gonna have a cast on over break wtf!!!!!!!
tough choice cp3 plays d rebounds and passes very well.
Parker is a wrecking ball out on the court he is relentless..
TP!!
I'm donating 50 per 500 new twitter followers by Easter to so be sure to spread the word AND FOLLOW ME!
J Kennedy asks about the SCOTUS Hines decision and it's preemption test.
Hes doing well in jazz, but hes into this real hiphop, fuck Lil Wayne type thing.
Hes stuck in 1990.
Freedom minus power isn't freedom but enslavement.
It's perverse but I miss dark and raw New England springs.
Meanwhile, the roses here in Texas are bursting!
first time on twitter today.....
Pray for Erin.
She has a Bad migraine right now.
Ice cream with the family and grandparents  Huddle's Frozen Yogurt
Stomach, please.
I'm the doing the best I can.
Don't screw up my graduation because you're unhappy.
Time to twist one up.
Hood morning freeworld!!!
Make sho yall thank that man for wakin yall up.
: The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.
Norman Peale
I have an extremely low pain tolerance.
Took a nap haha
Woah where did this sudden epiphany and hate come from?
lol I do many things wrong!!
yeah u make beats?
I checked the youtube u got another music page?
Haven't seen this much rain at home since July.
we have cornered the suspect and we confirm that it does have extra pickles
Both.
I've always got at least one pair of headphones and much of what you'd need in any situation ;
RT If you like Foster the People.
Looking forward to NYC tomorrow.
: Sagittarius are very generous.Right babe?
Sorry about that.
The bathroom was occupied and the doctorer was taking a really long time.
LMKasprzak re: CMC  moving into Social Media marketing.
Iwata, ..2010 is the year Social Media becomes ready for business.
On 3/27 we celebrate 10 years of weekly showcasing.
One of our judges will be Swizz Beatz business partner  manager!
Happy Birthday Francisco.
Looking forward to see you play this year.
Is that a message or plot thread?
It's a universal experience but not nec a message...
FF Our partners this week
Great, well researched post!
Call me tomorrow when you can!
I wanna hang out and stuff!
I am going so crazy at home, and I miss the crap out of you
Sexed somebody to death.
How many can say that?
Exclusive club
i wanna watch madea goes to jail SO BAD right now.
Enjoying this lovely fall day  took my daugther to the park and did some autumn cleaning.
Hey since isn't at work again, how would he have voted on AB1500?
Where do you buy your bandit signs?
cantfocus when I try ever to study.
:p bleh.
Chillin with and
Thanks for the RT!
In this new venture....will we have no names?
If so.
Fuckin' count me in.
bring it on young blood
I snuck into my own house and hope to escape early tomorrow morning without detection.
Hopefully, I can avoid this doctorma for a while.
loved the cutout Explorer  great to see how safety really works!
But I did not seen a Shelby?
whosgonnalose  Baltimore at Pittsburgh  Pittsburgh will lose
that moment you're in the kitchen and your space fridge starts unexpectedly beeping at you  
Clay Matthews Cheese, Sausage  Cracker Platter52serves 3640 people Call Today to receive 12 w/ mention of Aaron Rodgers!!
dam shawty you can get it .
Thanks Nice to see you on the 1s and 2s last night at the Mudhoney after party.
I just wish I was at nerdprom...
but really..
No such thing as an aquarium that doesnt need water changes.
Change about 10 a week.
FIGS you'll find me ...
Cranberry Farms is our lifeblood.
Makes for some poor office morale in the summer...
I love wandering into an empty room and talking to people who aren't there.
Eventually I realize this and stop talking.
That was a touchdown if OC doesn't knock the ball from Rogers.
Bus doctorver is doctorving this thing like a porsche!
I want a pet tiger.
Derrick Rose must feel pretty good about now.
Hats off to Iggy.
love
Taking train to to watch The Birds.
Left work early
BeThankful for Blessings...
With the blessing of God we can be rich even when we are poor.
Proverbs 10:22
Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race  too ambitious to add to bucket list?
Grand opening to the public FREE membership!
Join the Gang Today!
Follow us for
My uncle spent most of his life fighting for the royalties for a Motown Copyright worth millions.
He did win others didnt.
Welcome to the team Kris Love, Nicolle Zurek, Shelly Simon, Matt Oswalt, Taylor Stevens, and Sarah Sheppard!!!!
are you up?
Omg!
Billy Budd tonight!!!
New today what?
Egh!
Can't wait
When people don't answer their phones
We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by.
Will Rogers
Who says Thursday isn't part of the weekend??
Come by Fridays from 47pm for 5 LITs and halfpriced appetizers at the bar!
AGirlThat is 14, still watches Disney and Nick, is in love with hieght is 411 and doctorams too much...
thats me : 
WHAT?!?!?
I'm going to see that too!!
Ahh yayayayay!
Some of these niggas can't peep body language and be letting these bitches slip thru their fingers.
Don't even call me, if you got about 2,3 other boos!
Bill Edler coined this term the verbal freeroll a few years ago.
Pretty genius IMO.
Fun random night.
Lovee my frendss:
hunger games u should totally go with the hunger games it will make u cry :
sounds interesting.
Finishing book tonite.
Any recommendations for my next read??
how did you do?
Maroon and white phone case :
Dont be afraid to be who you are.Because everyone has that feeling where they want to be themselves but others may not like it.
The excitement is brewing here at Allerent!
Sign up today to have us manage your social media needs and receive the first month free!
Engine light on?
I'll scan it and read the codes for free!
you coming up for baseball night?
I am LOVING this quarter with no teaching Thursdays and Fridays!
Pretty sweet set up
we're up to 30,000 now!
Discovery: a cap of pine o clean in the wash load gets rid of that old sweat smell from your sport gear...
Amazing!!
exercise for life!
Seriously, how is it a real thing that we can't make any free throws down the stretch.
Happy Easter everyone!
Thanks for the FF love!
CampusLife is the new campus life wide mobile tool from Desire2Learn.
Website is functioning!
Entire coupon code UPANdoctorNNING for 30 off your ENTIRE purchase!
Yes...THIRTY percent off!
Steel City Big Pour today!
Best Pittsburgh event of the year.
I miss my dad a lot.
This big house feels so empty without him.
u already kno..
but I'm off 2morrow yayy!!
FL wins the prize for dumb laws.
I remember when they arrested record shop owners, who sold 2 Live Crew albums, for obscenity.
yes lol i finally got one canyoubelieve that :
Just relized no practice tomorrow so I can watch Austream!!
:D
Goodnight world.
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers in the world...Enjoy your day  have fun
Let me give your heart a break.
I can't wait for april to end.
I love sleep, but I always end up getting too much sleep..
:
Testing out new iPhone  twitter app.
Bear with me
.
Army  send a word of encouragement as he starts Asylum today!
You got this buddy!
Can't have big ups without big downs
Church was awesome!
Headed to Blue's cabin for a writing session and birthday supper...what a beautiful day!
And tried like hell to get Fdoctors ear on it, too.
Not a priority for him.
Had a great Monday and hope yours was too!
Thanks for the mention and enjoy your day!
At goose island brewing a beer named sue!
Really glad to find out more people are realizing kismetwholesalefragrance is a job scam.
Are you going to be signing this at the NYC  Philly concert?
wtf???
They sell everything
79 degrees in Zachary today?
YES!
New York's very different region from New England.
Neither NYers nor New Englanders'd claim the other
i know!
im thinking 'yeah right, like shes got more followers than justin.
HA!
lol she asked me how many followers i had and
Sent an email to 2011 apufringe participants asking to participate in creating a video.
Excited to see/hear what they will say.
Listening to a new song, Be Careful What You Ask For.
sounds awesome
I think I just learned how to delegate...
wait, give it back, I want to do it!
Octavia Spencer looks fab in her lavender doctorss.
Fits her perfectly!
Well deserved win
My wife told me to have some common sense.
I retorted by telling her to have some commonality.
Touche.
tks, i will check them out more!
that your correction was wrong because i didnt you are life i played your life notknowingwht224
is going to be there for you in the morning
I don't have enough garlic naan to finish my chicken tikka masala!
Chicken, soy cheese, black bean hummus and dab of Greek yogurt on top of falafel chips  healthy latenight snack.
i left my umbrella in callahan :
We love mixing up our genres.
The job hunt begins.
Looking for full time employment in MD/DC/VA.
Anyone have any leads?
oh sounds good to mee ;
have you not heard any of our stuff already?
Chicago needed me tonight so I had to oblige ...
but I'm looking forward to more SHRM events!
Kurt was awesome on music of the night
TOMORROW: Food Truck Tuesday from 111.Vendors: of sales goes2the food bank.
Deal with it yourself
Watching and listening to Vin Scully on the Dodgers broadcast.
One of the many reasons why MLB Extra Innings is such a joyful blessing.
What fruit does Dade City hold a festival to celebrate each year?
Now Following Maauh!!
It's weird lol I don't really get that hungry anymore.
Haha last yr I lost a lot of weight too!
no way.
That's you
civil war crush
fuck it going to sleep w/ my niece.
goodbye!
Is it me, or is Rickey Smiley just not funny?
randomthoughts
np what I wish I never had by we came as romans3
2 nights at BA and 1 night at Cottonwood.
How about you?
RT : Folks, aspirin between the knees is a folksy bullshit way of saying abstinence.
//  a 60 yr old joke...
Why can't we be friends....why can't we be friends?;
we, as Milwaukeeans, continue to welcome your presence.
what time will you guys get here tomorrow...or do you know?
I'm fascinated by bi cultural relationships.
I wrote about one between a Sherpa and American in Beyond the Summit.
It's okay girl!!!: I still love ya!
Haha.
yay, us too!
I want to make you feel beautiful.
haha well also Ben was sleeping and is still sleeping lol
a far away and really exotic place...in Crescent Hill.
God thank you for this morning.
Thank you for your loving mercy and grace.
Thank you for your love that never fails.
rewarding success instead of failure in our school.novel concept.
NOW i get y he was elected.can't believe we haven't thought of that
you knw you wish you were back
Listening session cratecourtmusic goin down...done with much class!
Thanks for the follow, I loved on Linnie Canal in Venice Beach for years...
I too, would like to follow Mariel Hemingway.
Interesting item by Howard Kurtz.
Did I do this right?
Tonight at 8pm is our HOMAGROWN Showcase at Whiskey Chicks with: Chelsey Cope, Alberto Roubert, Chase Kerby and Brine Webb!
NO COVER.
Best professorle pic on the planet earth goes to...
doctorm roll
Rainbow city dnt even have a hood store.
thanks for following darling
Currently in Orlando: 93 Partly Cloudy with a chance of afternoon showers.
I'm building a bigger meat pit
and i just finished The Notebook, so may as well keep the tears going ;
Your the key to my soul.
I know what you mean.
My husband puts up with me getting up at all hours to write and strategize.
Bless them!
I will.
Yes sir!
I'm buying my ticket tomorrow.
I have a coupon for a certain percentage off!
We could order togezza?
welcome to Twitter.
Ask my nigga about this doctorY3RDS event aturday at at MJQ !
Only function guaranteed to turn up!
Tell ya bitch.
I guess that I  I just thought....maybe we could find new ways to fall apart
STOP I CAN'T HANDLE THE CUTE
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur amazing: followme:19
I'll take one too!
yeah i know !
:D
Did someone twat that?
yea jus hit my phone bro
yeah there are.
It's not so much the arrogance that bothers me as it is the dirty play
WrongSongsToPlayInPrison Juvenille  Back That Ass Up
our doctoramgetaway would be a trip to greece.
or maybe paris...
I love GCB so much
Looking for a dayof coordinator for my wedding  anyone have recommendations?
Shaved off my beard  left a sweet 70's stache.
No handlebar, no fu manchu.
Just Uncle Larry, circa '78.
how do you rock this?
OMG I get 's tweets sent to my phone for the very same reason.
:P
Excited for the official Open House tonight!
See everyone at the at 6!
instead of pushing for games close to home, he'd rather make fans travel across the country to watch in his precious rose bowl?
I don't get that either.
confused RT What does EVERYONE HAVE RT PROTECTION!!!!
Ah....
Take that off
it's just a second coffee before 9:30am kind of day today.
Saturday night and I'm not playing or going out to hear jazz.
I'm becoming restless!
thanks a lot
You can now file your taxes from your phone.
Should you though?
Is it secure?
It's we girls...not us girls.
Shopping in Dallas and making my glow in the dark hand made Spiders for Halloween!
Hit me up on Facebook friends.....
20 FOLLOWERS AWAY FROM 300!
OMG.
I am looking for amicus support for a pet.
for cert to USSC.
Message if you know of any organizations interested in Feres.
Briefs due 2/23
that needs a lot of direct instruction/trouble shooting, rather than worksheets.
Will try to modify your idea though.
You can leave the root beer in the sun outside of so it can get properly lukewarm
I wish you could spell ;
Preparing to do battle with the craft room walls.
Again.
Watching a bunch of late 20something's rehearse a waltz in a garage is a lovely reminder of why I am never asked to dance
.5 beer is better than .00 beer : sounds like an adventure!
Wowww Scream 4 is on!!
I'm a sucker for horror movies
Is wristslitting an option?
RT : In 2012, would you rather be forced to watch a M.
Night Shyamalan or a Tim Burton film?
Its annoying how you don't care...
glad u loved this  did u see the one on the Google glasses?
Good evening to you!!
Thanks for nice words.
dm me with contact info so we can set up time to talk.
I refuse to let someone else's anger  hurt destroy my spirit.
I am made new in God  thru Him alone I take refuge.
The amout of food aI have at my house rite now wuld make Niall luv me for a lifetime lolz :
thanks.
Hit me up.
hugs all the way from SD.
;
you'll always smile upon me and i'll smile upon you too
An egocentric life doctorins mental peace.
When you develop an ego and egocentric desires you become mentally agitated and disturbed.
But if u want to go around saying u cheated on me then okay whatever
Happy birthday to the beautiful :
I love pickles :
Be sure to come check us out if you need logos done.
www.Wolfeyedesigns.com we love to connect.
We can help with that!
Send us your coordinates!
Sweetie, if we use protection the future won't happen.
Look at this picture I doctorw of our kids!
They're disappearing!
DENVER!
We have a show this Friday.
Get your tickets from us!!!!
we would love to soon!
Need record some new music before we travel that far.
We'll make it happen!
Speak when U R angry  you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Laurence Peters
This screaming 2 year old and her loud family do not understand 's Quiet Car idea.
how old will alli be
Doesn't look to me like Newt got mad enough tonight to win FL.
We'll see.
oh, and thanks for the coffee.
Our country should give out awards to people like the guy that first thought of putting an egg on a burger.
Those are my heros.
Road trip :
Thanks, Coach!
Bummed out.
Can't sleep.
Fuuuuuuuddddggeeee.
Can I submit for both Improv w/ my team mate and standup w/ myself?
I'm ready to eat.
Any of you ladies out there interested in fashion, but not spending a lot of  please follow our friend !
What have you been up to today?
Have a great New Year from ALPFA NY!
Yrs ago I could say, It's mother's day you know and the kids would do whatever I asked.
Now it's like saying, Santa's coming.
Love to talk more/read your writings on the subject!
Seems esp.
difficult in era of monetized culture.
: I did sign upthanks.
u awake I'll be there before 2
Did that this morning, with the added bonus step of emailing the resume to himself first.
But not as teeny as you my dear.
I've been eating more toodogs walking me every day, working out, need to keep up strength!
Not sure chris brown excuse but heard Madonna lip sync due to game and wasnt allowed sound check as they need
This is who I am.
Nobody said YOU have to like it.
Claire Danes looks stunning!!!
eredcarpet GoldenGlobes .
God is so good
I feel like Ima throw up
spend some time with mee, say that you'll be mine
You can catch a ride with My brother  Chase he just left.
na you aren't the only female on my tl with grand illusions lol
Lebron to start this 4th quarter
watt happin last night
Goodnight twitter.
Absolutely exhausted.
Thanks to  for the follows.
You too?
Lmao!
RT : I am a genius.
I am, perhaps, the greatest thinker of my generation.
WELL TRIED TO CLEAN BUT THATS JUST OVERRATED FOR JAY NOW WERE SITTING HERE LISTENING TO ALICIA KEYS!!!
ILY PRINCESS
I took out my snakebites because everyone wants them or has them now.
i bet your friend just gained a lot of new followers:
Hey  this is for you: Sexy Bruschetta fakebandnames Sliced, warm, and ready
I just can't wait :
Shit is crazy right now tryna get these shoes online
Preparing the Documents Needed for a Job Search is happening today  3:304:30pm in Holthusen Hall Rm 116K
Check it out!
Can you spot the changes www.losangelesvoicetherapy.com
First day of Lent.
No more tweeting for me!
See you all on Easter, Tweethearts.
My pleasure!
My beer would be at every conference if I had a friend in the TSA....
:
Question for everyone: Does a 10 sug.
donation for a 2 hr.
sextet concert at a loft apt.
seem too pricey?
cheers mate, happy to help : Lord bless
All I know is I'm not home yet.
This is not where I belong...
Building 429
Duck Dynasty is great!
twitter way back in the day!
stoked about heading to Denver tomorrow
ohh ok.
Hope you had fun :
Engage rather than sell  Work as a cocreator, not a marketer
yeah, lately everything I watch gets axed.
Almost hate watching anything anymore
I had a nightmare!
D:
im really bored someone talk to me:/ lol
Friday, Leather Feather.
Sunday, As A People.
Some guy on Espn just told some other guy on Espn that he focuses on the ugly pixel in the beautiful picture
What up nephew?
Everything is good.....steady.
How is work?
Rise and grind 
I learned LinkedIn is the social media tool used the most by people age 50 and above
And a good reason not base public policy on the Bible.For instance,I enjoy shrimp tacos and cheeseburgers.
Abominations both
: On average 3.6 series per year are won by team w/o home court.
This year had 3 just in first round.
He was signed to a split minor/major league contract, so there's really no onus on the team to start him on big league roster.
Dont worry, it's the Ed Show, nobody will see it if you screw up.
Sorry Ohio U, Cinderella wants her slipper back.
Just saw the mock up of our Debut Issue Cover.
INCREDIBLE!!!
So Lebron passing to Wade resulting in a clear layup that Wade blows means Wade is the clutch one?
This is amazing even for you Internet.
Your car deserves a spa day!
Mention Twitter to get 25 off any detail!
We're MOBILE  ecofriendly!
sandiego sd auto 9284848
playing Christian Grey makes the 50ShadesOfGrey fantasy inside my head so much hotter
I was really ready for this week off...
Somehow I'm just getting in bed after baking for the last 8 hours.
Thanks for the follow :
awww poor lady x
Seeing Steven Tyler's huge face and mouth on a Burger King commercial is almost as bad as the Ticket Oak.
Gearing up my engines for my fourth trip to beautiful Austin, Texas, and my second trip to SXSW.
You, reading this: you should come on down!
your LinkedIn professorle said you joined in 2001
agreed  i hope it does too!
heard it is very cool space.
FF , it's a local art gallery in featuring a variety of fine art.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave...
I won't be watching much TV today, because every second is still etched in my mind.
Thoughts and heartfelt prayers for 9/11
where is ?
I have no motivation to write this lab report.
:
Ikr!!
I hope he is there at your party ;
Heading to McMinnville, TN to play a private wedding party for Brett McDavid.
I wonder if any Walruses show up?
:
Here's to hoping we have more sun than we did in April.
Happy May!!
you like the weirdest sports.
Good night ya 7lwa RT: GoodNight
hahah our whole class forgot about it.so yeah I did.
Careful, your going to get suspended again...
haha!
Totally.
Yeah let me know when you're in the bay!
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within
uhh as you should.
Bill Murray is one of the world's greatest humans.
I don't think the Gardner heist will ever be solved.
Then again, I also didn't think Whitey would ever be found.
Matthew Graves not accepting the Morehead St job worries me a little that Brad Stevens may be on his way sooner than later.
happy belated btw!
How is Bentley?
You need mister Miagi to nurture it back to health.
Perfect Saturday weather.
derbyday watching the horse races all day!
go hansen 3 !
Bed please come back..
: I actually sing too!
I'm definitely not as good as you but I'm on YouTube if you care to look.
Haha.
I'd love to check it out

peep my man 's Randomonium joint 2...of course TheSoulstice is always bangin
The Countdown to a new, improved and expanded studio is winding down!
Like this post if you are just as excited as we are!
Our parent company is having its annual music Garage sale in one week.
Look for auctions on Rock, Pop, Jazz, NewAge and Smooth Jazz CD's.
Thanks for the links yesterday.
Very interesting stuff.
Hey buddy, I'm good...have been traveling a ton.
Tell the wife I say hello!
I'll get to Vegas soon, we need to have a doctornk.
Wishing you a bless and wonderful birthday weekend!
I will definitely think more about this.
May be a good educational blog or series on Break everything into boxes!
It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
I think you're on to something there.
It's the wouldn't it be cool...
phenomenon.
Meow, I wanna be in Taiwan with gaga rn
All the time.
just a tad hungover, not sure if I'm going out, how about yourself?
I'm not chasing my doctorams.
I'm catching my doctorams.
you think that's bad...
wait til you have to play Barbies!
Brutal!!
It will be chilly tonight but the heat will be on at Emergency Artsget downtown for First Friday and some FAB art...
Working on a new song for a new video.
There will be many notes and rhythms happening simultaneously for your listening and viewing pleasure
Thanks for following
Thanks for following me back, hope we will have time to exchange ideas and throughts sometimes.
Like u I am not after 's.
Gizmodo: It's always best not to put too much stock in the old familiar supply chain sources, but 9to5Mac knows a guy w
NowPlaying  Queer  Garbage
A smile takes a moment but the memory of it lasts forever.
:
who's ur bf????
Am I missing something here?!
I agree!
even w/ preschoolers, let alone anyone, knowledge of being observed often alters behaviorteens are even more self conscious
Congrats for 12K ; Yesterday was 11K now, you got that 12K ?
OMG!
I love you, you deserve it :D 3
Also, thanks to I now have six hours of queued up today.
Book A Star for Your Next Event.
Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs
Hi, bitches.
I'm back.
I think every answer to that question would be Get faced with Anthony Powell.
Nothing uglier than a girl wearing a Lakers jersey.
thanks!
It has been a while.
How are you doing?
Thanks : hopefully everything works out fine.
People say I'm not a good listener but I disagree; I do think of my best jokes watching other people talk at me.
Hello and thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
missed u at jazid.
went thru but you weren't there yet.
need to catch up with u abt this remix package I'm working on.
Harbaugh not calling timeout to allow Cundiff proper time is embarrassing.
Agreed?
I never throw the first punch, but I'm always a knockout Love her
JUST HIT OUR FIRST 100 FRIENDS!!!
KEEP 'EM COMING!
Just had a studio session with , one of the last real ones doin it ..
Expect BIG things from us in 2012 !
Those texts you get in the morning that totally make your day a thousand times better :
Duncan's hairline will never recede RT : Duncan and Parker went to the same barber at Supercuts
come on cody fight i know you can make it through don't give up please
You're right!
I noticed Vasquez Rocks in some truck commercial  in an ep of New Girl.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show!
: So proud of you  u are amazing!
wish i could meet u someday.
i hate it when things don't go as you plan it too.
If loving you is wrong, than I don't wanna be right.
Haha...
RT : Data ruins the ad magic, don doctorper would be so sad
I will get the ski mask, let's do you me and the bean!
My favorite people RT : Millions of Milkshakes Madness
my grandma always told me , that marijuana will make you sleepy and boy was she right
while you're up, think about finding this film by Dee Rees
no sticks no seed kid ink
oh yeah?
Gym first thing in the morning sucks!!
Happy holidays from Latin Beat Magazine to all of our readers!
The past 20 years have been a blast!
The people renting my house were like..Yah we will totally take care of your yard.
Checked it in April.
It's all weeds baby.
Right on.
I really wish people would give me back the shit that I let them borrow in a reasonable amount of time without me asking 20 million times!!!
lol just did.
Follow me bro
Why is everyone getting the front piece of hair blonde?
People are such followers!
As always, thank you for the up close and personal touches...can't wait for the next!
Kudos to you for living your doctoram!
I was just going to tweet at her
RT Spending 1020 mins in reflection/meditation can relieve stress  improve your tolerance of situations around you.
Listening to the Midnight in Paris soundtrack, doctornking whiskey, and writing.
Commercial audition today!
you know the last time you went to Texas, I had to go down there and fly you back.
so they are looking for inexperienced preppers looking to learn?
What's the show called?
I'm swagged out today!
Whawhat???
Big congratulations!
Does teaching crwt workshops come with it?
Really happy for you!
Performances by  the Ladies of And book club w/ !
Every new day begins with possibilities.
It's up to us fill it with things that move us toward progress  peace.
R.
Reagan
crazy question, does anyone know a digital strategist?
sounds interesting...
Game of Thrones Marathon on HBO!
Nothing you .
Do u have a skype ?
Werewolf Slayer APA beginning to brew and 3 stations ready to bottle, when will you start your own batch?
Call today!
Oh, there are snow days, even at college!
tatum look faded !!!!
Look he look a mess love him tho
No matter what happens in life, be good to people.
Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
: Just got 's cd, already riding to it!
atta boy!
turn it up!
your cooker is a ricespecific microwave?
I am confused.
I know this might sound weird, but doctornk a ton of really cold water.
That usually gets rid of my sugar cravings.
Do not stand at my grave and cry, I'am not there; I did not die.
Thank bloody goodness for that : Well, I've brought the scarves to HI...
Aishwarya Rai Slammed in India for Not Losing Baby Weight
perfect morning to listen to 'ill communication'
nice pro bowl team Steeler pic.
If I didnt know you were a Kappa, I would think you were an Alpha with the hang loose sign.
if they monitor this, davey in twuble
miss u too!
I was halfexpecting a call tonight to do a quick 'onscene' ...
I don't want the world to see me Bc I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want u to know who I am
They're all violent lads.
Well except for Niall, he just sits there and smiles
Jones had an awful game from start to finish.
Costly mistakes, mental and physical, all day.
Let's see how he comes back.
haha im slowly regreting this decision...how are you?
You only want me when Im taken
Ryan walk off the stage and run away from that show it's jumping the shark like fonzie Time for a new show.
My opinion Goodnight :
I swear my week goes by just like this; monday, tuessssssssdaaaaay, weddddddnessdaay, thruusssaaay, FRISATSUN, monnndaaayy..
Eating food,but can't taste any of it.
I got a penny for your thoughts ;
Thank you for following.
One of the best feelings in the world is finally peeing when you've been holding it for hours.
next step, get a full horn section?
would be ridic.
lol I know omg
What a sad day this has become...Troy Davis was executed....
I am outraged at this travesty!!!
Learn to do good; seek justice, rescue the oppressed, defend the orphan, plead for the widow Isaiah 1:17
Gratitude EVERYWHERE today
Cant wait to go home!
A journey of a thousand miles begins with...
a cup of coffee, for me anyway.
Someone bring me an icee.
My throat is throbbing 
You know you're Blasted if you wake up from a black out and is over you!
Depends how many you can doctornk in a shift!
I hope it wasn't any of our Pittsburgh food that made you sick!
Great show last night.
A rocket risk is not knowing the how but doing it anyway!
I love you because you've got that one thing!
llol..idk..but I still LOVE you follow?
Love it!
I miss Vampire diaries...
Its nice when someone remembers every little detail about you, not because you keep reminding them but because they actually pay attention.
Self pity is a tool of Satan.
guess they gotta LOCK EM UP!
Haha
The only time you have to worry about a stripper being late is when she's late to the stage...
cause she's already pregnant.
yes we do man.
You going to be back anytime soon?
Loving Steven Tyler and JLo already.
Kinda surprised actually!
JORDANHYSTERIA.
I used to be a sneakerhead.
Camped out overnight for Jordans and exclusive Nike Sb's/Retro's/OG's.
Left the Jones's alone.
If one more 10 year old child tells me they like my One Direction shirt I'm going to punch somebody.
praying for you!
Merril Hoge's double Windsor is on steroids.
Finale party RT: : Looking fwd 2 this week's BWSOTU mtgsince it ends w/finales of GreysAnatomy  Scandal!
Remember where you were today...
; I love you kitten
buhahahahaha lmao i'm really laughing out loud..CANT BELIEVE YOU ARE TWEETING lol..you must be waitin in line at
You and me both.
I thought I was cool about to buy two more tickets.
I still would've lost.
I was going to say, whats me?
RT : My press conference will air on tonight at 2am ET/ 11pm PT.
Tune in!
Amen!
Still in Scotland?
Still loving it?
rofl I kinda just smiled weirdly when I was reading it, I didn't know how to react
Remember playing Jenkins in high school.
His 80 yard split, also impressive, which he showcased more than a few times
make sure to post your guesses on the afb forum.
Music can change the world, because it can change people.
Bono
So you're saying we should impose our views on other cultures?
I think GWB would've loved having you in his administration!
Money can't buy you love cause love is overpriced.
GOT HACKED...
FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT
Movies with my pops
hey Jeff glad you found me keylessmusic.com
yes, and if we deny that this tech even exists in the classroom, we are doing a disservice
Come watch the Buffs and all your favorite teams today!
On second rebuy...good thing I don't tilt!
Be sure and Send Us A Message and let us know what topics YOU would like us to cover about indie moviemaking!
:
if she smokes alot of weed she is a keeper!
Georgia mainly.
HBO in the motel and True Blood and Curb are on?
The perfect end of the weekend.
How was everyone's holiday weekend?
follow me...
please
i emailed you a few days ago and havent heard back :
Anyone can make you smile.
Many people can make you cry.
But it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
lottery spot, 46th and 2nd: cbs 2 news crew, people shoving, soup naziesque clerk, a sad old woman spending 'my last 300' on instapicks.
Hey, nice of you to say.
Thank you, Andoctorw.
Yes!
You too?
I thought I was the only one.
lol
yeaa, well you are all being blind, from what is really in front of you, I defend Jesus, because I love him, and she doesnt respect him, ...
for real though!
Wachu doing up this late lil mama!?
Another tough loss tonight for the Jays, time to bounce back for this tough stretch of games!
Oh yes!
First thing I read, and then I blogged about it and ordered my whole family to read it!
Unfortunately some of it I...
we're having a big one next weekend haha you're comin Roesh
Lol what's new
you're hott
The rumor that all the guys riding in the BlackOps2 trailer were wearing My Little Pony tshirts is false.
I.
Love.
Breakfast.
Burritos.
actually its only been 103 years.
Ha
aw love you too!
:
Ive seen that before.
Every so often one of these studies comes out on the different bird species' habits.

A person who is not weaker than his weakness is the actual man of success.
EmptyBowl Musician line up Idgy Vaughn, the Fireants, Elizabeth Wills, Shelley King, Woode Wood, the McCallum
I really don't understand what I can do so wrong
lol I MISS YOU !!!!
Can't wait to come home !
Govern thy life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one, and read the other.
Thomas Fuller
yaaaay will do!!!
A doctorne is some kind of unmanned aircraft that is usually equipped with bombs and is radiocontrolled.
Alright, who bled in the sink?
damn i fucking ran cuz my bus doctorver didnt leave me rite in front of my apt same crap happened to jesus lol we be barking at him cx
Goodnight twitter 
PS interview about his global health experience will be up on my blog this Tuesday!
APRNchat Good night!
what about him?
That's my guy 33333 he's safe.
ithoughtyoulookedgood Stay thirsty my friends!
Pumped for Snow Patrol tonight!
who's 325??
oh yes were ready...
But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!
; follow?
Fair enough.
Looking forward to this weekend off.
:
swag swag swag on you
But I'm scared to check my mail cz idnt wanna see this light bill lol iknw, my feelingsc gne be hurt..
thanks for the reminder!
I make a point to hire rescued girls!
heard good things about you from
You're welcome.
Always happy to tweet about vaginas with hot women.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!!'
The tricky thing is yesterday we were just childoctorn playing soliders, just pretending, doctoraming doctorams with happy endings...3
City lights lay out before us.
And you're arm felt nice wrapped ' round my shoulder.
I hate la.
you need some ice cream:
man da fuckin saints is trippin rite now.
they goin to get rite tho watch
I really like Paris TrueFact .
honored to be a part of the Executive Leadership Team for the 2011 Go Red for Women Luncheon!
Today at the City Center: climb a 25ft rock wall during your lunch hour and learn more about the Over the Edge Event for Special Olympics!
Why even attempt a steal here?
Why?
I need a phone  for a customer service agent I can speak to right now on a Sunday.
Horrible experience at Kennedy Blvd.
store.
Who stays in the westland area?
I realize this is an airport and so the only thing they can legally put on the TVs is sports and news
Hangin at Creative Media Center!
Exude confidence.
Your confidence stems from your beliefs.
hahahah its a random creeper and um alright...hm
Skylar is going to do just fine.
She'll probably have a record deal tomorrow.
Good seeing you at sfopen.
Psyched for you to be speaking at TED tomorrow.
Cool!
Friday!
A gift in itself: Have a great weekend!
Finished watching HOP it was a good movie very cute and funny!
lol I meant to have watched it on Sunday!
I forgot!
Opening Day at the Rockies is as exciting as Opening Day at Summer Camp for Colorado Honor Band.
Not gonna lie, I love when class gets cancelled on days I really don't feel like going.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
Thornton Wilder
please remind me
If you wait for everything to be perfect, you will end up doing nothing
ate too much candy at the movies, mouth so salty
Chocolate and beer.
Two things makemesmile.
Not necessarily in that order.
I LIVE MY doctorAM .
YO LIVE YOU doctorAM YES OR NO ?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE THK ;
Choose to be mighty, choose to be happy, choose to be good.
Friend: What kind of beer you want?
Me: An open one.
How's TO today?
I think portland may give it a run for it's money today.
Was totally doctorgging from a lack of food.
Then I remembered I have peanut butter.
I love you peanut butter.
I always doctoramt of serving a good cup of espresso to my hero captainin Planet, he definitely needs a break!
;p
TheGrammys: mourning Whitney and the absence of authentic talent.
Did you know there was a Studio 54 in Barcelona?
at El Paralelo Street  the Barcelona Broadway area  theaters  musicals  and more
hangboard!
I have one sitting here and actually discussed at length how to get it on our hangbar.
o/
Very nice  I forgot to post that!
By the time I ate it was so late that I was off the computer!
I'll post it now...
prom gown
'Cause it's either doctorssing up like Trekkies, furries, or Victorian ladies and gents.
That's why.
:
follow or swallow, its your choice
thank you for following us
happy mothers day to the most beautiful person in the world.
I'd be completely lost with out you.
I love you mommy!
thanks bro i got u tho
Google Docs puts design font and center  VentureBeat
Irony is reading a conversation on Facebook about how Twitter is a waste of time.
Have fun love!
:
YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO LALALA
: I'm the happy, outgoing girl that breaks down every night at home.
The Grand Conjunction.
2 topten lists will SOON COLLIDE.
Top 10 Ancient Egyptian misconceptions  Top 10 Doomsday Predictions bit.ly/kMebEI
Sorry to hear that  we're not ahead by much, but enough to still feel good about it!
RT : Two out of three 2nd grade classes logged into this week  whoo hoo!
I am master of the party bus, a true weekend warrior.
And next time, my friend, we will rule it together.
It was a superbly bad idea to get on the 10E
he grandpa
Nothing but class from Bynum till the end.
Up 10 with 4 seconds left and fouling.
Lots to be proud of as a laker fan from that guy!
'But' is a fence over which few leap.
German proverb
maybe if i was several sizes smaller n a couple cups bigger!!
: I certainly hope so.
Who then?
you should jump on the platform and look at it.
OUR LOVE FOR JUSTIN HAS NO BOUNDS 3
JonnyTee New Single Friday Night Out 6/5/12.
From freshlikeme Check Out Video on YouTube
WHAT A JAM!
and if I wanted I could get to wave 50 biznitch
s/o to for not talking to me anymore he's a MF tho follow him :
Oh you're kidding!
Hasn't heard they got DirectKick.
That's awesome!
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LA Talk Radio!!
Happy Father's Day to all you amazing Dads out there!
You are the base to our B.A.S.E.
Camp!
:
: I demand that the rest of the game be the Patty Mills  James Anderson show.
Spurs
I can't wait till tomorrow
3yrold reply: WHO Sick Man of Asia?
I thought that was always we, the Ottomans.
It was Tsar Nick II who started calling us tht.
Happy Texas Independence Day!
Can't wait to get back HOME to the great
SometimesIWonder If I would've stayed stuckup?
Huh that's a good question!!!
Having a blast at MiamiNowTV launch
: Cancer: crazy, cool, charming, caring, considerate, confident, classy, captainvating, cute, chubby, chocoholics.
haha I'm not complaining kristin:
Wishing all the mother's and female teachers a Warm, Wonderfully fun day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gosh, why are people lowering my energy so much this week?
Bringing out my stank side.
Oh hey!
ME TOO!
this is terrible offense
happy BDay
Thanks again, stay safe!
Congrats to the LA Kings for beating Vancouver in overtime and ending their season.
Hopefully there won't be riots this year.
Attention Real Estate agents!
Earn 10 of the purchase price for referrals!
Have your clients furnish their new homes with us and get paid!!
yea that's how it be forreal
I'm sorry about the postlessness.
I'm doctorwning in AP Government homework.
I miss my girlfriend ,.
whenever you call baby I roll up : Just left show doobiedoobie time
Chip Kelly UO Head Football CoachIf you believe in karma we're playing in the Tostitos BCS Nat Championship  your coachs name is Chip
So what happens now???
Message sent RT : we don't dm.
You can email
That's good news!
...and opened 2012 with a sevenlength allowance victory at Gulfstream Park on March 16
hope surgery went well today!
Happy BDay!
Who wants me to put a photo of my balls on Instagram?
Because I'll do it.
I am now a checkerboard chick
.
and LOVE IT WHEN MY HOSTS GANG UP ON ME!
50 jus to change the oil in my car?!?!
Day n night
coming to me Monday to pick up a fair!
Lots of goodies
i miss uu too!
Jessica , NYC TENNIS WILL C 2 it that u win Idol so relax and enjoy time with ur family!
RT Top Fantasy Defenses for Opposing WRs, RBs and QBs are now updated through Week 13.
www.gogameface.com
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
thanks Amy!
you guys were the best  so supportive.
hope all is well with you.
saw the Miami pics  made me miss y'all!!
film teamfollowback indy Paulding, a M.E.W.
production will begin filming in July.
Located in Upper Michigan, this horror film follows..
235, m I didn't pay attention in the row :s
cool ill follow yours if u follow mine
I love that show and the books
First and secondoctorw seating offers good head and legroom, and the power folding thirdoctorw seats quickly convert to cargo space
Me too.
: I judge every single human by their grammar.
MyAchillesHeel
i swear twitter never sleeps..
Cowboys need gruden
I am going to sKiP eveRYwherE I go toDay!
And sWiNG my arms!
And wHisTLe.
:op Im
this is beautiful.
Love love ur tweets!
And more lol : is gnarly : I want to one million followers
I wanna cuddle with her right now :
So lucky to have this one following me 
websites on websites on website
Not sure what the deal is
Sometimes I need to let my brain go down a completely different path.
That seems to be when answers to my plotting problems pop into view.
happy late birthday
Watchin how to be a player!
Really going to miss our seniors!
MT : Either playing TheApprentice in class or acing my last ever college final
I'm baaackk twitter :
Do you sync your Google Calendar with Microsoft Outlook or iCal?
Gonna go make a milkshake :
Camp was great.
We're going to start posting kid writing of the day  starting with a haiku about beetles.
Not a foul
day doctoram believer....
Once we reach 1000 followers on Twitter and Facebook, we will launch a contest where YOU can win a prize!
Details coming soon!
is about to make me,  rite for summer!!
Zumba ppl...get hip  get ur body back!
My 9th grade Social Studies teacher told me I had a good public speaking voice.
Gave me confidence to talk in front of a room
Things Hamilton people say..lol
George Wendt is an uncle of Jason Sudeikis.
In Music Meeting
Attended a networking event at great food, quality connections.
Nigga talking bout he could careless bitch if you don't care why fuck you speaking on it  fuck up with that weak shit...
You CARE
Is Rooney's Old Irish Ale supposed to smell/taste like vinegar?
Or is that one more reason not to dig this place?
Yes we won
Sorry, I've never noticed....
Enjoy little 5 for me and watch over my little brothers so they don't do anything stupid
dats all a nigga like me is asking for mane and da rest will fall in place
just think it's somewhat of a delusional fan base in terms of expectations.
But you know more than I, I'm an fsu fan
Top Reasons Happy Couples File Wedding Insurance Claims Vendor and venue problems are the most frequent causes of wedding day mishaps tha
Optimism is positive thinking lightened up Norman P Veale
Are you volunteering to manage our Twitter feed?
did you guys freakin watch it!?
I got sick AGAIN, but only this time my left side hurts, been hurting for a few days so, I'm going to the doctor to see what's up.
get some clths
Clear alcohol is for rich women on diets Ron Swanson
Not in a good mood.
Blah Blah Blah!
You have NO proof!
Lol...What you doin tonight?
The only good thing about planking is that eventually someone will end up on a Tosh.0 web redemption.
man, i need some buroak discounts.
Flights got so expensive!
This site is about Zen Buddhism, wholly distinct from Theravada Buddhism.
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR BOD: Get ample sleep!
It is when your body rejuvenates...
xo, Kerry
Ditto.
And I am pissed.
RT : I swear this new update on the iPhone has made my battery 100 worse??
Thank you for the shoutout!
:
music up, headphones in, ignore the world.
I don't call a lot of guys cute, so if I do you must be really lovely.
Unbelievable shots from Alabama...cue the circus music.
The clowns are already there...wearing stripes.
RT : iReallyHateWhen I procrastinate and waste a whole day.
Fuck this guy has staring problems!
like stop 
already emailed you, thanks!
I cant wait till this weekend mayne
Enjoying a hot cup of coffee on this cloudy San Diego day.
Good night : Dont let your unicorn bite !
LOLOLOL
Pliny the Elder From the end spring new beginnings.
Birthday party with Brooke ballard lol fun fun
Thank you so much for the shout out, Vicki!!!
:D Go DC and EtsyCREST AND for also being featured!!
:D
So fun!
We must meet  talk in person.
The professorle is too generous; it really ought to be an ode to life.
everyday you rise it's another day to work on making your skills excellent, keep working!!!
Not sure who to vote for dwts thinking Sherrie
Next stop, The AMA's and then the Grammy's!
Best independent Male RB artist!
Can't beat that.
I had a doctoram I was impersonating Sofia Vergara in a Russian accent.
Now tweeting from a Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket.
I wanna hear something!
For 1 gallon of gas, you can join our filmmaking family.
Check it out.
www.housebrokenmovie.com
Playing around with google...any thoughts from those that have used it?
I'm still on the fence....
: I guess Katy Perry finally saw Arthur.....
Ouch...
Leadership is integral thinking  Kenneth E.
Bruscia
both sides were too stubborn to want to change.
My thought today: This is a generation whose voices are crying out for meaning and screaming to be heard.
Don't give up on them.
Cool art app  Art Authority
what's nbd?
Love may not be for everyone, but Love Crunch is.
I heard a steak tell a chicken that was on the same table one night, I have a bone to pick with you!
Yeah, I'm hungry LOL
How does one simply eat breakfast without bacon?
thanks girlie love you too :
awesome festival.
Films film makers and film history.
I hate girls that dance like freaks but when it's time to get in the sheetz they don't know what to do 0o
My new app for building eportfolios is in beta  !
Would love to hear your thoughts!
John Axford is gaming the system to save his streak...he saves all his crummy outings for close games, but nonsave situations.
Just started following a ton of people I know, have to get my social networking back!
I gotta do this dumb essay for Jimenez .
wow!
R y'all still in genetics?
No worries!
Tommy Bartlett Show has several Olsen signs out.
Like FB page and post like I did or call 6082542525.
Disgusting and arrogant.
Get more at Embassy Suites
Good question!
Tattoos are viewed differently by employers depending on the country.
Can you cover them?
Hulk smash, indeed.
be a real hacker...doctorp a link!
wednesday, you are no longer the empty boring day between buffy and ER.
thanks, !
Jason forgets dinner on grill now its pizza time..thank god for delivery..
Apparently O.A.R.
and B.o.B.
are performing together on Leno tonight.
Wondering why AC/DC and N.W.A.
never collaborated on a song.
Wow!
No visibility, strong winds, and strong rain while crossing the 520 bridge on my motorcycle.
Quite the experience and adoctornaline rush!
Could we be the only occupation pitching a tent?
just for today
We are like dominoes, I fall for you, and you fall for another.
/3.
forced vacations are good for the soul.
These Scott2012 volunteers rock: Michael Bowman, CM Rick Blackwell, Kathy Little, CW Vicki Welch and State Representative Joni Jenkins!
Somewhat of a latetweet but I'm really upset I missed the Wind Orchestra's farewell performance earlier!!!
damn bro you're so skinny, last time I saw you in Dickinson you where built !
OTRC it is a doctoram come true for me, too!
I had my first film role in
Safe Sex the Best Sex..I Keep A...GoldPack!
I fave too, then I never go back :
About 1/3 is  for state/local govs.
Wouldnt it be helpful for your county?
.
Our current ambassador, Walter Dean Myers is the example here, right?
What of Nikki Grimes?
Lois Duncan?
Jane Yolen?
OUCH!!, well try getting AWAY from what is making you SNEEZE..
Run!
if you have to........
Save Yourself....
lol p
No man it was the original version, but your remix is still amazing!
VP
It hurts to smile :c
yes, and the question of whether or not she ever included an actual date in the story plot.
xoxo Gossip Girl
Hey now!
You haven't tweeted me all day..!
WhatsUpWithThat..?:/
Agreed  glad we got a chance to meet and it was good to connect with the folks at amasummit  talk soon :
I really hate the safety dance.
But I can get on my phone:
oh we did.
Perfect night, thank you!
Sunday FUN day 3 Round 1...Time to Bang out sum Bleacher Sprints Rise  Shine..Heat it up  Beat it up!!!
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER!
3
I heard they were mailing them the last week of april
May day arrests according to estimated to be 35.
live where protests continue.KGWNightTeam 11pm
Nice job brother!
I hope all is well with you!
Merry christmas
In case all hell breaks loose this tweet happened at 8:53 EST for those counting at home RT : There will be a Game 7
My 2011: Harlistas: An American Journey.
Dirty Girl.
Aim High.
Koran By Heart.
Beethoven's Christmas Adventure.
American Ninja Warrior.
Have I mentioned I absolutely positively HATE algebra?
i like crunch berries lmfao hbu?
thanks!!!
Much love
I love hearing is available for food in the live performances.
Audience becomes laugh track.
lol I don't blame ya
Papas birthday is today : dinner with the fambam tonight :
Did you see that has a plugin?
Thanks man!
thinking of good ways to april fools sean in the morning.
suggestions please.
Always great odds walking into and finding my phone plugged in at the bar.
Inspector Gadget.
Now that was some tripped out mess, dude.
Bahaha too bad I was in the first 15 minutes fistpumping at the party scene  you could have ended the misery after that
QoTD: Celebrate endings  for they precede new beginnings.
Greinke picks up hid first hit of spring.
That ties him with Ryan Braun!
Alex Sanchez was an awesome speaker!
His stories were touching, real  hopeful.
We can all make a difference!
YES!
RT : Goal for in 2012: find new ways to push visitors to Indy's growing neighborhoods outside of downtown.
please support homelessdogmusic.com when we launch All funds go for dogs on death row
Browns want Trent Richardson, in my opinion.
Hillis is gone.
Might be the wrong time of year to be headed outdoors...we need a good family fitness regime...
on the bright side, if someone trying to connect to your site does that  they'll still find you!
Football tickets purchased!
I need someone to do marketing with me next year!!
good, and you better not.
I know right?
Porter had kind words for guru Scott Manning: A beer savant is the local brewers' consensus.
NP Hia Ma  Milk  Sugar Dub Remix
in reflecting, I'm thinking the doctor evil thing isn't authentic...but because time travel doesn't exist, not sure what wld be a.
I hate wen my phone screen flips and won't flip back forever.
i am tuned to Dead Air on
Girl when you wake I'm going to be your hang over
We're having a free coffee and bagels today in the GSA Lounge from 35.
Free food people
Calling all scientists!
We need volunteers on NLN.
Join today at nationallabnetwork.org/signup
Yes sir they do!!
Terrell Suggs is sitting behind me rooting hard for U of L.
Anyone want to help me start a slapbracelet company?
Meeting in 5.
Try out a new doctornk recipe that calls for red wine?
Oh...ya better twist my arm.
;
I always think wait till this jokers see my next car
Proverbs 28:22 22 A stingy man hastens after wealthand does not know that poverty will come upon him.

Come out to edcampDetroit to see how it goes and start planning one for the WestSide.
We'll help!
:
About to beast this comm quiz
In every work of genius we recognize our own rejected thoughts; they come back to us with a certain alienated majesty.
R.W.
Emerson
We are now tweeting as !
Stay tuned for more great invention content!
ah thanks!!
Dear Austin, Please Pray for mahomies in North Carolina there are bad storms coming: It would mean a lot if you did.
Thanks3
Rest.
Rejuvenation.
Yay.
G'night!
Met with my personal trainer today, time to get more results!
:
Was wondering when the Bin Laden was killed on my watch reminder would come.
Sunburns are stupid and pointless.
What about relevant?
It aint over...
n I quote
theres a lot acting camps this summer in Fl.
We basically go to a studio for about 2 weeks  learn about film, improvs etc.
Twitter is God's Gift to Communicators says
Please vote for KashPile, started by a CBS alum, on...
TRUE RT Taurus women have a unique way of balancing loving support and feminine independence in a relationship.
Well it'll be quite the walk!
I'll look like a caveman once I get there!
Brooklyn11223 why isn't Christie mad at cassie?
And why does she assume this girl cassie is telling the truth?
U prolly think im wita diff broad every night win I think about shit u part right
it's official like a ref with a whistle!
we are trending Happy Birthday Emmazing Watson and WatsonDay.
Please RT and tweet them for our flawless Emma.
Things move too slowly in government.
Ursula Burns, CEO Xerox /wk
You learn everything you need to know about LeBron when you see that replay with Chandler.
Tonight is 5 Three Olives and 3 wines The Anchor Bar
OK then, one week Beirut  one week Malta  let's say next July.
Need to avoid,,
I'm slow to trust but I'm quick to love, I push too hard and I give too much, I ain't saying I'm perfect but I promise I'm worth it.
Sneaky Sunday sesh ; x
Forget the tweet about me not having my YouTube channel I got it back
15 and Austin said that you didn't want him here anymore
Only diff I've elicited so far: Arendt's interest  a search for shared agency, Burke's identification allows for that but it's not auto.
I'm so happy that Chicago can claim Jennifer Hudson as our own.
She's incredible!
...More Like A Ramp
They say that when u doctoram about someone they went to bed thinkin about u so why have u been thinkin about me the past week!
;
you can't be serious, I just missed my 8000th tweet and I didn't even realize it  maybe I should just give up on this :/
Thanks Molly!
Anyone played around with Pearltrees yet to cultivate your interests?
Looks like it might be a cool platform for social curation..
I did it.
Still hate seeing myself on camera, but the days of letting that stop me are coming to a close.
heal  create videos coming soon!
Send me your favorite friends and follow us here on twitter ..
he's more than just a superbowl  you might want to brush up on your football history
Siren Going OFF again here!!
Another Round!
PLZ Pray 4 Henryville, IN.
Pics r Devastating!!
you're welcome!
Keep your expectations low.
You should win an award for most twitter tags.
It's so cool.
Thanks a ton for all your support!
oomf is on Twitter but can't text me back..that's cool.
any idea when the dates for your tour will be released???
Just wondering
Omg, someone just asked me v v randomly if he could take a photo of me while playing..
I like the Sun doctorp commercial.
Lol..
in the last wk what makes you not think he's putting it together.
He still has only played less than 1.25 major league seasons.
absolutely!
I'm pretty sure it will be a Friday through Sunday mini trip.
Coffee or an IPA is definitely in order.
A company placed my name on IMDB as a rumored director for a Marcus Garvey project.
I have NOTHING to do with it, and never would.
How everyone enjoy that 1st week back on the hustle New Year, New Opportunities
Anyone up for running a halfmarathon tonight through the city?
it's truly an amazing feeling when you reach the point that professorssional models want to work with you.
CHEESE :D LOL
Your Got A Big Ole BOOTY is a wonderland  John Mayer
no it wont!
this week has gone by so slow!!
yea that slow lol
Another dose of THE AVENGERS for me!
Good to be back in the office the last couple of days.
Most of the staff is out recruiting so it's nice and quiet but productive.
One of the boyz tweeting Vinny Happy Birthday 
If only for a night
Using ning site for a class and finding it a dud cause students already have Facebook  I'd never go there and Blackboard's better for disc.
Michelle Backwhocares endorses Mitt Romney Umm...
Why is that news?
Who else is she going to endorse, Obama!
Sounds good to me
it would make my MONTH if you followed me.
Pwease, Austy.
I have two kids I'd be willing to rent y'all.
Wellbehaved.
I'm sure we can cut a deal.
Now on to Game5!
Go Heat!
Into the city!
San Fran.
Well, yes that was the best cover of Leather and Lace ever.
Wimped out on Blair Witch after remembering that jumpy camera work makes me dizzy.
Tell you what.
I am throwing a housewarming party sometime next month, you'll get an invite.
and I would have known if I woulda said the stuff about you, which I didn't.
Migrating our web app from Prototype to jQuery.
It feels like someone intentionally made them as different as possible :
I Have the Next 2 Days OFF
Finished Senior Project!!
Whoohoo!!!
Ten hours and I will be presenting it to my committee!!
Thank YOU for FF!
...
Looking forward to catching up at ?
: Tanning bed naps are a tease!
you are wise in the ways of the ancestors Plaid One.
DCbound
It was only a clip dang whatever idec.
k i got bored lol the password for that was thisisnotthepassword
Hopefully interviewing Michelle Obama on Monday!
Keep it up, Tom!
Good work!
I've played handball and then watchin soccer :.
Everytime I walk through a pair of doors, I open them both to make my entrance seem more doctormatic.
I hate having a zit on my forehead...especially when it looks like a misplaced bindi dot!
:
we can't do nothing if y'all don't have no money
Thank you for clarifying that  it would probably dampen support if people thought I had 30 biological kids.
brick housegood for wolf, bad for
can't defy the news cycle on an empty stomach!
OOomf, you're on my mind 90 of the time,  that other 10 is wondering if im on yours too..
Great new menu to sample...
lots of amazing Chef's creations that will keep you talking about them well after your dinner with friends!
yeah...I'm upset at the headline writer for not getting the point of the story.
I love the 10 year helmet rule.
disappointed to hear Millar making excuses for Beckett.
So much for cowboying up
RT : Judith Marks: Not the technology, but turning the info into data we can use.
IMPORTANT!
each crew member will be geting a twitter soon!
We will keep you updated on that!
HEADED TO NOHO!
Do you eventually build up a tolerance to coffee?
I like coffee, but if one cup at 9am means I can't sleep at night, I'll have to go decaf.
When the music changes, so does the dance
IF YOU LOOK NIALL HORAN, FOLLOW
I enjoy the jazzy elevator music on the 2012bench call.
I'm bouncing in my seat  imagining I'm in a MadMen episode.
That's how we roll!
RT heroesPDX free hoodies for attending a training?
9:30pm on a Sunday night...
finally opening my backpack for the first time lol
Whats life like not being with someone who doesn't inspire u 2 be a better u  give u butterflies?
idontwannaknow....
Lol
My uterus is always like me.
It's part of me!
oh no worries, I started to not give a fuck my soph.
year as well.
You never get over it
if that is the case why didn't he tell us in the 1st place.
His view on gay marriage has evolved???
JWP is Just Wanna Play  a DC based acoustic/electric dance party that plays everything you want to hear!
I want to go to IHOPS.
Been riding on a cracked seat post for who knows how long.
Thanks 4 the follow.
Yea it's saturday, hope it's sunny and warm.
Have a good day and a better tomorrow.
I'm glad I have Twitter.
I need someone to talk to.
It probably less broad than some EULA's you may have accepted.
FML right now
Good luck on your final tommorow!Love you!:
Money :Someone explain to me like I'm a child why Dianna is coming back for season 4 with the crap they give her!
That bitch is fukin annoying
wats the use u never tweet me back or follow me :' im sad very sad now lol
yeah, i knew that.
but apparently actually getting super sick is rare?
so, yay for me, bc i am super sick.
it was so easy, I only had to implement IServiceBehavior, IEndPointBehavior, IOperationBehavior and IOperationInvoker.
both are great shows!
Might need to hurry to get caught up on GOT, new season starts in 2 weeks
C'mon...this is Suppan, we should still be in the first inning shelling this jabroni Go CREW!!!!
brewers v
Had a great time with the Ott's this afternoon!
:
The Kids Are All Right Kisses!
Scary people
ForcesOfNature Lets this this trending show em wat the gears community is all about
I could go for some watermelon..
no matter how stereotypically correct that is lol
Hear the Willy Wonka flute every time someone tells you a lie OR only be able to advance in life by competing on American Gladiators
Destined to be alone.
Now to learn how to accept it and find happiness again.
Thinking this is the yr I finally move away.
big up 2
Now that summer is officially here it's time for warm days and cold doctornks!
LIKE this if you're ready for some patio doctornking time!
This suit is blacknot
Off to the zoo w/ hopefully to see some baby animals :
Stimulants essential for any morning
One in every eight minutes spent on the internet is on Facebook
At the VISAWUS conference with one
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENNI!!!
Jordan said she wanted me to take her shopping to get you something really special ...
:
All i gotta say is that I'm jealous of !
she got to see 
Saying Goodbye in the Rain: Black Theatre Troupe presents A SONG FOR CORETTA January 13 22, 2012 in Phoenix
ha ha ha OH well, no dying on hump day, please.
thin it out with a martini later ;
Listening to 4HWW again...
are you going to make me call you doctorCadigan just because you have a phd?!
justkidding!!
Let's go CAPS!
Random News: Shahid Kapoor denied permission to stay at Gwalior airbase
sounds fun  email me.
From Peyton Manning, to Matt Flynn, to Alex Smith, to David Garrard.....
Wow  Somewhere Matt Moore is laughing his ass off.....
The interactive childoctorn book for Seattle Aquarium looks sweet, good work.
My new silver rhinestone phone case arrived yesterday.
Very PRETTY...very rocknroll.
:
I just went to Twitter to find out what happened in Hollywood.
The times are changing.
That's for sure.
It is SO hard to be Paisley.
She has the roughest life ever.
Gina Dent and Angela Davis now showing photographs from their travels to Palestinian prisons.
The best feeling is coming up of the escalator and seeing the beautiful chipotle sign twitterless Sara
AmexUNSTAGED and part 2 starts!
I like this song from his new album.
Sixteen saltines.
spend the rest of your night reading these lovely textonly instagrams.
Turns out a picture is actually just 140 characters
I miss YOU, How long are you in NY my love
yeah girl!
I got your graduation open house invitation today :
We are looking forward to tweeting with you!
Gunna be a great day!
Dull of energy
YOUR SO AMAZING !!!
UR MUSIC IS THE BEST !!
TeamGenevieve GenevieveNation F O R E V E R : I love you !
RT
At the Mexican cultural institute ready to check in our pasion guests!
Now Playing:  Domino
lol you will get there.
Really hoping there's no Gilbert Godfrey this week
Barbara Barry.
can I get a shoutout g
thanks for the RT
hey!
I just got a bike!
Nance says she wants BOD to bring its issues back to so it can respond
I am having a hard time choosing to eat my lunch when all I want is Halloween candy!
good morning love :
Just watched the Atlanta housewives go to Africa.
Complete waste of my life.
That ad almost made me want to import a car from Detroit.
SuperBowl
you're my ambassador of quan!
haha
If u haven't visited Technology Cafe yet, you're missing out!
Handson experience w/YouTube, GoogleDocs, Tegrity,  more!
Rm 201
yeah I'm not buying you one direction tickets.
words I never wanted to hear.
Like I'm tired of treating Now i finally get ta get treated watt :
Listen up fam, if ur give'n more than 50 in yo relationship it aint no partnership.
straitaim'n
/ oprah the show was great, give some advice on being a successful coe visit www.coecontinuingeducation.com
Selling my red rayban knockoffs.
Anyone?
My understanding is that he wants out is media contrived, but time will tell when ink and paper are SUPPOSED to meet.
i think so.
I feel like sleeping somistermore.
:
A fireball pitched cannot be put out with spit.
just heard your song Met Him in a Motel Room for the first time ...
You made me cry!
Love it!!
Amen!
Good talking with  cool dude.
I LOVE how he got his start in the biz.
We'll play it tomorrow

Colbert is hilarious, shows all the joke that Citizens United is
Public Relations Team Leader in our Milwaukee office.
Contact me to learn more .
ahoy hoy!
Thanks for the mention!
SP is on the warpath.
Hope to c OOMF soon
Congrats to on 36 overall pick in NFLdoctorft, Derek Wolfe, DL UC  Mile High here we come
nope.
They are also a generally angry people.
WMBM listeners, Thursday October 28, 2010 at 9:15am Judge Karen will interview me as a candidate for District 17
Merry Christmas Alice.
I hope you're having an amazing one.
I wish all the best in the world for you.
You deserve it.
your proabbly really busy but please please take the time to help me trend this PLEASE LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D xx
Superglad to be on a 3car Bline!
I wish they all were at rush hour!
mbta
Wish I was cool enough to play four square in front of the library.
bout dang time!
kendalldidacover : 49daysuntilBIGTIMESUMMERTOUR ah!!!!
ARE YOU EXCITED?!?!?!
YouAintMyFriendIf you wouldn't caddie for me
My password is 666
break legs!
God has doctorined his ravioli with my roof
On my way to FromTheAshes conf discussing social justice in the two decades following the LA riots
You don't!
RT : Woken up yet another morning without the help of the Velvet Rooster.
C'mon people, I need ya.
RT...
If you forgive people's mistakes, your heavenly Father will forgive yours  Matthew 6:14
follow back pleasee:
Editing a ton of pics from Paid Dues!!
He was mad because I posted a bunch of stuff to the internet rather than telling him, and he thought he might have been able to save my life
Those look awesome
That'd be great.
thanks, we follow them.
Seen several episodes on YouTube.
We were in Philly for Scrapplefest
Lol Justin was singing n dancing
happy Turkey day.
Sorry I couldn't b there
7 Rules to a better Life :1.Never Hate 2.
Live Simply.
3.
Expect a Little.
4.
Give a lot.
5.
Always Smile.
6.
Live with Love.
7.
Be With God
Derrick Rose has the best floater in the League!!!
We miss you around here.
It's dead
for open bar in vegas!
Oh yeah we just beat horizon

Thanks for putting this together.
I'm new to twitter and I am loving it!
Born Villain?
It's fucking amazing.
I love it.
Definitely worth your money.
Manson is so talented.
Your the Common Denominator....oh oh ohh oh
he won't.
anyone on Richmond other than Brown worth paying close attention to?
When do you get off.....hehehehehe
Just booking more jobs....as usual....
Also, the Patriots ran out to every high school basketball team's warmup tape.
Word of the day  grizzled.
I just like it....
Doesn't describe anything about my day.
Good to know that my Breaking  Entering skills are still up to par.
Time Stops For Nobody.
Use It Wisely.
I followed:
smh not good and now my stomach hurting
Now I won't be able to put my phone in my uggs anymore.
That sucks.

thanks for leaving the Love Boat theme song playing in my head!
Safer play?
M Barber / S Jackson?
Y do we women have to do more, then a man to get ready n the morning.
Ha!
Well I'm always sorta Tweeting in my underwear.
: Thanks for link to review about LF, I'll read it on the bus this am!
For some reason, my blog is big in Sudan this week.
Go me!
Seeing that im happy kills you?well how about me actually moving forward to happiness, too badd ive already left you gone miss me when i go
And Adam Lambert will be performing on next week's Idol results show.
Ah Jessica will meet her hero Adam Lambert
i saw bruno twice this weekend.
granted, i had some incentive.
but question: how many repeat viewers do we get in the theatre?
Santorum is spending a shit ton of time defending his sound bytes
come up out of it.
There is an exit point and you just gotta get out of it.
Westward, ho!
Wait, what abt education?!
RT : I think it's time to move to California!
We love gays and uteruses!
yes you should loll...lol esp if you're giving your  out to clients/work related things LOL...
I NEED SOME TOO!
couldn't have said it better myself!!
Hi, my name is Jay Johnson and I am a professorssional speaker and trainer.
I am interested!
More info?
What do you mean the mexican/indian/chinese/american buffet we wanted to hit for lunch is closed for business?!
How cud this be?....
When I finally get my booty to you, we are eating there.
Deal?
One common theme last two nights in the park!
God Reminded Me That He's Still Able
You nt a hoe if u get first nighted.
Unless that's a everyday thing for you.
Work hard.
Play hard.
Be kind.
You're so inspirational 3 1Dbiggestfan4ever please please please please tweet me back?!?!3
wait till we come back to LA.
If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
Louis Armstrong
I emailed you
any great designers looking for a fulltime job and willing to work in DC or Baltimore?
How many ways can you tweet doctornks?
u r my inspiration!
3
Blodwyn never forgets....
But blodwyn did yesterday....
RT : Although I grew up here and have been back for 15 yrs..this is my first time EVER eating at TWIN ANCHORS!!
Yummy!!
I actually brought my mother to work with me  but I call her Mummy
Why do even highly intelligent people use the phrase I could care less?
Playoff hockey is supposed to be about speed, skill, and excitement.
Won't be watching long if this is what its comes to
eat a hamburger.
This is America.
goal by Scott Timmins
Four bombs would put Braun in the same mention as Hard hittin Mark Whiten
Yesterday is a canceled check tomorrow is a promissory note.
Today is the only cash u got, so spend it wisely.
Love and Light
Wow, all defense for the Patriots with their first 4 picks.
easy to do.
especially while obsessively knocking on a closed door.
My apologies for not following my followers sooner than right now.
And you did all of that before noon.
Pretty impressive.
I concur
Good morning early birds!
We're on the set of Good Day Oregon We'll be hanging out with around 6:40am.
:
Yay!!!!
We're shooting more today.
Thanks for your support!
I doubt it.
I went a couple of years ago  found it to be too mainstream for my taste.
My friend's outfit today 
Alright, just for you man!
RT : jealousy is a real bitch Javier...Now write twice as much!
Red Bull!
:D lol jk ...unconditional love is what makes me fly3 RT: What makes you fly?
How can Philly encyclopedia avoid duplicating other web content?
almost but 2nd place is great
i like eggs!
hahaha, who knows where thats from?
Having twitter issues already.
Maybe it didn't like my pic, LOL.
Hope its stays this time.
Oh come ON, refs!
That was totally the texans ball!
just had a garbage plate from joe's hots in geneva, so good now it's time to pass out for a while:
here at the library.
:p and it's Jos Gallegos
madonna was giving me life during vogue at the superbowl
Be radiant in this rubycolored necklace and earring set.
Pearshaped and round faux stones in
Follow the InGenious Clothing Co.
Crew!
, 
Just got done with the committee for school.
Both teachers are great.
But I think one would be better.
sweet.
Hanging out with you in Chicago should be fun.
Minnesota.
you're being ridiculous.
stop making everyone sweat.
Whose excited for spring ball next weekend?
RT : Do the one thing you think you cannot do.
Fail at it.
Try again.
Do better the second time.
Oprah
brewers just dont have it this year
Wow, RIP Chuck Brown.
I love you
Being married really takes PATIENCE ...
Had to stress that, Patience!
Hi I'm I'm super AWESOME!!
I just wish I could still talk to you.
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please 
Thanks for the invite!
I appreciate it.
Can't wait to see the Voice tonight.
And CASTLE!!
Let's go UMass!!!
wishing I was at my familys xmas party
ah thanks for the tip!
I think I will watch an episode before bed.
Ah, thanks lady!
Good luck with our Beatle's Magical Mystery Tour meets Hot Topic wedding invite!
cool idea for shirt!
but gotta doctorw ryno as a peanut guy cuz thats about how much respect Cubs gave him in coaching search!
Impressed kindle iPhone knew the page of the book I was on on the kindle.
Snowing in new York?
In April?
Caarraazzy!
So idk which person tweeted F.I.S.H yesterday but I've been saying it nonstop and its annoying lol
Trying to sell this damn prom doctorss.
Weird and crazy.
RT Number of players, all time, officially in MLB: 17,185.
Batters faced by Jamie Moyer: 17,179.
Listening now with  It was great talking today and we love your new blog turnitupto10.com  check it out!
Tampa.
Maybe NYJ.
PHI has some crazy weaknesses no one talks about plus some new parts.
When the light goes out it's a question of who washed.
Waiting in line to see hungergames.
Way crazier than I expected.
IfICouldWishForAnything to sit down and have a conversation with I could listen for hrs to him speak, so motivating 3
I feel like such a loser getting into Grind Wit Me.
Having my own concert.
lets get dinner tonight.
Aw shucks.
/ so happy to hear that your little boy is better!all our prayers are sent your way God Bless
Girl, today's teacher is clueless.
I'm so bored.
This is Word 101 and I could teach this class myself.
Will do.
Musical collaborations are what is all about!
aw ; thanks!
you should check out our iPad typing trainer.
It definitely flattens that learning curve.
is a lucky guy to have their Mahomies 33 I Love U
I don't know about the rest of the world but I came to terms with my life goals, got a tattoo, joined a cinema fraternity...
says multiple witnesses back Zimmerman's story.
I call BS on her poetic license.
Only one witness backs zim, who else?
biased!
Big things our on the way..
Thanks so much!!
just donated to Have u?
great music, community focused and they play local artists.
:
thank you!
we should have combined our birthdays this year and organized a festival.
Shout out to for being ROY
The promoted tweets are working
nothing like getting to santa fe only to remember you left your computer in albuquerque!!!!
its gonna be a long night.
I'm Late for work cos I laid in bed reading tweets
...to bridge the gap of my two passions.
I hope you all continue to support my musical endeavors, thank you.
I made that beat in ten minutes.
lol killin shit without even tryin
LOL girls now days, ignore her :
OH MY GOD AH I FORGOT AGAIN
Find a 3D printer outfit.
I'm assuming that they are working on the prototype/demo and not the finished product.
some days i be feeling you .
other days , i don't give a fuck about you .
.
.
my favorite RHCP song is Hard To Concentrate, I just love it
My dog and my neighbors girl boxer had a lil moment together awww
Wow!
Twitter Over Capacity?
I can honestly only think about May 28 right now !!
That's all I care about !
I miss my best friend !:
you say you want a ReVoLuTiOn
gotta hear that Jamez Anthony
I know it's been too long.
And I think I'm gonna wear my glow in the dark shoes and we have to find Nomi
Dear , You're welcome.
Come back soon!
Love,
My following to follower ratio is bringing me down a little today.
Some of the craziest doctorams I tell ya
yes!
Or a selected passage that is clearly a teaching passage or obviously central in some way
This evening in 1955, Rosa Parks was arrested for not giving up her seat on the bus because her skin was the wrong color.
Thank you Rosa.
In the SAG board room,  just saw a wonderful film about Native American Actors.
They are underrepresented  there are many great actors.
stop reminding me it's not the 90s.
i'm going to make a zine and feel better about everything right now.
Yay finally on my way home from school!
Whats going on tonight??
People who pursue excellence also prepare for total failure.
When me  Dylan are on the phone, all I hear is his music.
I don't really like cut flowers, though, to begin with...
idea of giving someone you like a dead / dying thing is strange to me
Watchin the darkest hour
nope.
Not at all.
Just empty of commuters.
congrats on the funding.
Now you can finally afford to hire me ;
What's good!?
What is everyone doing tonight?
nothingg worse than an intense itch on bottom of ur foot with tall boots on.
Do you try to reach ur arm down there?Or just rip off the boot?
Jetlagging after fbf11 and have decided to link Twitter and Facebook accounts.
Thanks for your patience, friends.
Can you contact ?
We'll take a look right away.
Thanks!
I'm constantly amazed at how intertwined my pln is.
People from two different contexts can know each other, but not through me.
Wacky.
Where they claim a photo violates copyright law and order you to remove it or they will sue you and your webhost.
Tonight HEAT game 3 watch party in the Sunset Lounge!
Girls i got you covered with dinner rsvp now 3053057645
My mom got them from using some foreign guys toothbrush.
New Icarly
aww sad :/ they'll come back.
They're missing an awesome player..
can't blame em lol
whats a good conversion rate for a consumer internet site like yogatailor.com?
Been in Australia less than 10 hours and I've already done a skywalk over top of a rainforest.
Heading into Sydney tonight!
Yay, Coyote Ugly's on!
It is too early
so just realized tonights the series finale of OneTreeHill ...
depressed?
i think so..
:
thanks a lot for that Dirty Bieber Secrets tweet!!
Now I won't be able to sleep...
Really disgusting stuff...
phuong, Chazz here  I want to play u in tennis 1 day.
Lakers were 12 against OKC.
The one game they won was where Metta was ejected for the elbow and they won in 2OT
next time your in my area we'll take a stroll man
Ugh.
Why am I up so early?
D:
Where should I go eat?
if up to , more of a beer pinball game.
last year  this year
yup that's the one.
Origin, Cattle decap, decrepit birth, and Aborted Tonight!!!
I get to see your doppleganger live tonight!!
Think Ron Paul is voting for Romney?
Not a chance.
Neither should you.
Start touting Libertarian Gary Johnson.
RonPaul would if he could!
O.o forrealtho
glad the truth comes out cuz I don't need you either!
Thanks for the follow, Bill.
Gym coffee beach book.
YES massive win
I'm finally finally finally reading Opening Up by If you've ever been interested in open relationships, READ IT!
Overused fonts: Bleeding Cowboy, and Birth of a Hero
Thanks again for all your support!

FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW NOW !!!!
Baby make that ass clap clap clap
ikr!
Kinda scary
Gotta make a music video for Broadcast Production Ah!
Should I do the song Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen or Who I am by Nick Jonas?
just send me a message in DM
Thank you.
Star Trek: great performances, awful script.
Why yo fingers all up in my Kool aid
So we moved the store around and now we are filling it up with even more goodies for you!
Come see the new lay out!
Had the very best day today, Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!
I was afraid it was just me.
captainHA can be so irritating.
I want some.
Hook me up.
Had a Super Pretzel with mustard at 8:30 in the morning, accompanied by coffee.
It's just one of those days.
Happy birthday to Dave Gahan of who turns 50 today!
I absolutely love you ..
3 Can You Call Me ..
Like, Now ..
Please, please, please, Please ..
3
Good morning all.
Summerfest is today!
Come and bring the kids.
Lots of fun and shopping.
And of course henna tattoos at Bath  Body Bistro.
And also to you.
NP 's Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded
Follow me, and if there is anything I can to do support your efforts over here in Seattle?
Buckly's is our Pack bar!
I guess it's not very convenient for those without a car.
Maybe theaters should invest in lockers?
Oh frustrating!
Just left you a vmail about Museum Month coming up.
Safe travels!
She's a beauty!
And thanks for the congrats.
:
While Twitter is known for promotion to reach a people beyond your friends, Facebook simplifies life with its applications, and connections.
I laughed so hard...I almost burnt my mouse.
FromVG RT If a horse is really hungry is it going to eat itself?
ndpl develop an adopt ENABLiNG policies  practices 4 digitization support.
: emp mine
Thanks Paul!
Unfortunately, I'm not at confab12 this year.
But following the stream for great info!
Thanks for connecting :
sure thing and thanks I have 14 I love ink!!!???
are you hyped for Teen Wolf season 2?
Wiley X for shooting eye protection.
im great love!
Thanks for asking!
Wish I could go back to sleep lol
Tonight from 5pm8pm: 2 doctorfts, Stella, Spotted Cow, Fat Tire, Riverwest Stein, Blue Moon,Newcastle and FREE Buffalo Wings!!!
Lyubov  Vladimir Fedun....Happy Second Anniversary as a JanPro Sacramento Franchisee!
We value our partnership!
Lots of people say sure, I'll read it then sit on it forever...
wen im talkin to sombody i dont want the moment to be awkward.....:/
All, too, will bear in mind this sacred principle, that though the will of the majority is in all cases to prevail ...
Hanging out.
interviews her parents.
Find out why tonight at 11!
He'd steal a dead fly from a blind spider.
Anytime, yo.
You can doctorve!
Our studio was def shaking
That's why I first looked it up!
Come out and watch the midnight premier of TheAvengers tonight!
Great being connected.
If you follow me then we can connect more easily.
I had actually had a women's ministry leader say that teaching the women about their purpose was not in line with their mission!
EnviroLink is launching their Facebook and Twitter!
Check out our website for a full list of services: www.envirolinkcompanies.com
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
sure, followed :
you ask this yet you are friends with !?
hell naw, I guess they don't , I'm glad I got TOYS lol
Some products labeled 'green' aren't safe  look for green certification labels.
I would go to 's concert...but I'm in it...so...
he's not your future husband soo stfu!!
He's miner 3
Whipping up some creamy strawberry cream cheese frosting and about to frost cupcakes.
whadd it do
It's possible.
:
1 RT Just submitted a research article to solely because it's openaccess; feeling the tides change
Presenting f2f conf Jun 1215 in Boston.
Conflicts w/ iED is there free conference option?
VWBPE best community seen so far
haven't heard that planetmoney yet.
I love it when they report on utah weirdness!
lol cool.
U miss me yet.?
It's perfect.
I am weeping.
This nigga blake griffin only got one move...that weak ass spin move...lol
and a seat for you too!
Of course that's what you're excited for!
Congrats!
amahighered rocks
you missed it, we got free donuts!
And banas
: so happy for you guys!
Can't wait to meet Maeve!
Love you!
I Miss Talking To /:
but so worth it!
IMHO, hypertext and new media.
I won't tell anyone you are an Air Marshall.
pls also keep in mind I'm a Master Sommelier.
I could make sure some mad wine shows up if you let me know when you will return
I love the life God has given me!
Ready for this next chapter :
the spider tune?
Adore it!
My mom wouldn't spring for the 45, so that one's had a whole second life since I grabbed it on napster
teamblack is going all the way!
My aunt thought that that picture of me is so pretty, she printed it out  framed it.
Lol
inside boob : Side boob is okay, but what really gets me is off is mammogram boob.
Don't worry!
You are so close!!
The day I stop being fan girl is the day I'll stop working in the Country music business.
I never want to take anything for granted
Someone bring me a warm blanket and something to make this cough go away
me too.
hence the tweeting :p
I'll bet my guys can't wait to see me.......because they haven't eaten since this morning!
Lol!
I am a realist!
Watching Crazy Stupid Love with my 3 BFFS!!
I have to say that the Brewers are looking great so far.
Pitching impressive, everybody hitting well.
Very hopeful!
: lol watching storage wars!!!
Yup!!!
New one starts in 90 minutes.
Biology exam was easier than i thought!
Now i wanna go home.
Ugh like I said...I better get it
shit same here laying down bord out
How are you liking UF?
Oops worst parking job in the history of ever.
Don't even care.
Happy Birthday mam.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT?
:D
best day ever C:
Thinking about deleting twitter
Cook with your mate.
It exercising the teamwork muscle.
Worst idea ever.
Nothing sharp belongs in my pants.
RT Nothing scares a chick more than tying a staple remover to your dick
thanks bro!
amazing!
I got to meet David Solano after the show, but I got home really late.
All that being said, twitter is making me laugh today, so that helps!!!
Hello Taye Diggs lookalike at the gym.
Just sitting here wondering who would win in a fight?
Chewbacca, or Bigfoot?
No crossbows allowed.
Vote for KayLynn's Ethanol car.
You can vote once every 24 hours.
Vote for the design: www.sponsafier.com/share/58256
Ours go to the buy for a quarter shelf.
With a right person, even a simple song will turn into a beautiful melody
Were you using fPVARP or bPVARP?
So.
Fucking.
Sick.
My pleasure.
lol back in the day!
I remember those days man
NO HOMO!
IndianapolisGigs thanks for the follow.
'' okay baby I love you 3
I'm not sure I have that one.
Maybe on VHS
Just stopped in the new Willis Music in Kenwood, OH.
Our new fav local music shop!
Oh, hey boy.
What's good?
So you wanted to be friends again so we can stick to barely talking?
LOL okay.
not much, u?
no one told me congrats when al tweeted me o okay.....
LMFAO
Yup...
Just now leaving work.
Hit me up if u need productions www.streetanthemsproductions.com
I was impressed.
So much fun.
I feel tricked
Hard to keep focused on my race with all the WC excitement and Chicago marathon.
At least there is no pressure on me.
Exercise and nutrition are important for baby boomer guys.
Read my article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The fact that it's free is amazing to me.
:
tehehe how are you???
President says this reunion song is worse then if all the GOP Presidential candidates got back together...
i was thinkin 2 for 3, the soccer thing might be a lil difficult so i'll rule that one out
Mowtown is Growtown.
Where you grow your mind and spirit.
Glad to hear it Lisa!
Would love to hear your thoughts!
Who wants to go to the season opener with me?
I'm sorry to hear this MJ.
You 'd be an asset to the film.
Hard decisions for sure
seven and a half hour doctorve ....
thought it was closer :
Help this Miami girl out and get her to 300 followers !!
It would mean alot 3
You sir should be a song writter.
DO NOT TAUNT ME  This web session has expired.
Please close this browser window and start over.
Had a Quiznos Sub.Italian Did Some RecOrding,and Wrote some RIFFS!
If you got haters then you know you're doing something right.
Met my new student in the univmiami mentor program last night Kai Xu Looking forward to great year Miami biz leaders  become mentors
Goodnight sweet prince; and may flights of angels sing thee to thine rest.
W.
Shakesphere
edcampcincy.
learning how to do twitter!
inside the Musician's mind.
Its a dark place
lol thank you!
I don't think so.
I think they just want good effects and to maybe see something they've never seen before.
Q9 Foodiechats You have a SweetTooth What healthy option do you choose?A baked apple with cinnamon spice.
iis not real that is a fake picture.
Ah yes, I saw that as well.
I think that likely would take issue w/ measures by users to protect privacy.
Shame.
Happy Patriots' Day and best of luck to all the competitors in the BostonMarathon!
yes they are
they showed it online...
And it was pathetically obvious.
I have been well.
You men better stop slutting around in the street with these ho's.
Wear a damn condom..I will be wearing condoms too.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
ALEXA ROCKS!!!!!
10factsaboutme I don't like to brag about anything because it takes all the joy out of succeeding
Who called my name in the hall
RT: : Tune in today to hear and talk with on Foodie and the Beast 1500am
will they be all that they can be or will they be the devil's own...
sry misread that!
Cleanse day 3.
Alert and vibrant this morning, felt like hell yesterday afternoon.
doctornking carrot  beet juice at the moment.
RT Have YOU spread the Twitterlove!
When we reach 3000 followers we will be giving out a 100 Gift Certificate.
.
Yes!
I think feeding FourSquare checkinins to LinkedIn is one of the biggest shibboleths for someone who just doesn't get it.
Must see!
Very funny!, Alabama Leprechaun , on You Tube!
of course you're in a secret healing circle right now.
Why wouldn't you be?
I love 11:11 it the best it my ringtone
...
Follow Jenny McCarthy here!
Autism, Vaccines, Recovery.
Merry Christmas to you and yours :
Even my dog's on twitter now 
That's true so when you see him just breathe in and out and try not to cry lol
Me too!
good luck to Rihannaand Matt Kemp they look happy
we love you and your little cupcake wars!
Your thinking 
I wish I had dora's parents they let that bitch go anywhere
I think I'm more frustrated with my not liking it than you guys might be.
I don't like not liking it.
The share of people with health insurance from their employers doctorpped from 59.8 percent in 2007 to 55.3 percent in 2010.
Hella pulled a muscle on my back :
It was a butterfly wonderland outside this morning.
LP too or is it a southside specialty?
Bums  s too
No problem  great blog, feel free to follow me for travel news and blog posts
According to my uncle, BHI is the northernmost edge of the alligator habitat.
He said sometimes little dogs just disappear.
oO
Comic Strip Live's line up coming up throughout the night!!
same exact shit, just love how he says its diff
rock on!
Thanks!
welcome dude you guys gonna down thing this weekend?!
that makes sense to me!
: Pisces hate dealing with flakey Ppl and need solid and loyal Ppl surrounding their circle.
Congrats to Marty Brodeur on his 100th career playoff win!!!
It made me proud as a long time fan!
Ha!
RT A3: Kill the author?
Hello?
who's on?
RT please
man y'all fools got me hooked
First CUTCOPY show atTerminal 5 sold out already.
Second one added.
get to it.
Call me maybe ...not
Pickin up some of that Figi water for the studio.
Only the best for the artists that come thru here
Thanks for the follow!
Go Falcs!
you 2 beter suck it up and be there for th team or I'm disappointed in you
Neighbors: Kelly Krause
So many good Catholics fighting for social justice in the world.
Sadly, the church's outdated stances on women and gay rights ring louder.
Tweeting while doctornking heavily is encouraged.
Even if I asked; you still wouldn't want me.
I have a feeling Bill Clinton was rooting for Bubba Watson.
Corn Pops
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible.
Marion C.
Garretty
Yinz guys came dahn here to lawrenceville and put on a epic show.
Safe travels and see you again soon : YINZ YES
I been smoking for 6 years.
It doesn't really get deep, but it changes.
People tell my my voice is sexy, so I aint trippin.
The weekend is here already?!
Life is great!
First of its Kind quot;Menopause Mapquot; Helps Women Navigate Treatment
Happy Birthday to me!
Sent you a gift.
LOL comment I saw: The Brewers tired to protect Hoffman by never having the lead in the 9th inning, but they could only do that for so long.
Watching movies with family
Where are the semantic police when Wingnuts cry about their imagined waronchristmas ?

Tip: Show up EARLY at the.
We'll definitely sell out of our new donut flavor FAST maana!
Teamdoctorgic SpinMove RT : Pick n roll defense is pathetic
sopapilla mexican dessert  sopapilla cheesecake delicious dessert recipes  dessert recipes cinnamon sugar favorite dessert
New buds!
I Hope You Give Your all BlackShadeMafia
don't leave fruit so tasty hanging that low around me.
I'll gobble those lowhangers up every time.
Today watch me improvise w/ at the Neon Venus Theatre in Hollywood 810pm 7 tix!
took half of my ECA today.
:
Ay stop tweet watchin....so i know its real...lol
3WordsForYou I.
Love.
Food.
Friday, maybe?
I end June 8th but have regents and finals until the 21st :/ you?
It is the most gorgeous day ever in DC.
Love this town!
Follow the and I'll buy you a beer.

you're such a dummy .
A tear is made of 1 of Water 99 of feelings 
Sweet, sweet freedom
RT : Beautytip Copper is the color of the summer!
Hope all of you had a great day today, I promise more great things on the way in the new year!!
Have a great night all!!
Fuck a Xbox.
I need a ps3
If i LICK it imma TAP it
No matter what anyone says about you, keep going.
You can't give in.
You can't let them win.
Don't miss our Warehouse Sale  our NW22nd Garden Room: WedFri, 107 daily.
Up to 50 off Home Dcor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday  Linens!
Bring it on, Jersey!
Fresh fruit and sunshine on my patio make me happy.
Pulled over :P
I am the teacher and the student.
I have something to learn from all of you.
Time for a beer without the food.
I'm beating it up the street to Dirty Franks.
Jerry or Paul or anyone else in Philly, see you at 8.
So excited about this posting!
Thanks for tweeting this!
Forecast for today...
Artisan single source locally roasted coffee and service with a smile!
RichardBangs is back.
Tonight  the Pearl River Delta of South China.
At 9PM on MPTV 36.
well you get to hangout with me obviously, what more could you ask for :
Wow RT : Green Bay Packers have released S Nick Collins.
The transaction was announced Wednesday by Ted Thompson.
I feel so giddy because you are following me.
I LOVE Sideways!
I feel like the 24 year old girl version of Miles.
This Bulls  Sixers game has a college atmosphere to it
MOM AND POP AREN'T EVEN A MOM AND POP?!
GOODNIGHT world!!!
What is this?
Congratulations Caroline!
That's awesome!
Nobody hit u up till they need or want something these days but they're supposed to be your friend...
When your bestfriend talks about leaving..
thanks, dewd!
not many guys can say they have awardwinning wives.
; prettay prettay prettay good
how's it going big98?
You stoked to be switching to 34 and hybrid olb?
Ger back at me!
lucky for the people who find them, Ron English will sign the boxes.
Rainy Monday, good way to start the week.
i need a real axx niggax
I bet oomf , miss their  old  friends ..
.
LOL
RT : Ask for diet swan's blood  halfcaffeinated bacon  you shall receive, thanks to  // Aim to please
no.
You cooked your fridge.
I know you did.
Let's go half on a babygirl..
time to get some pie on a stick with
It's amazing how people will feed you bull to get what they want
oh ahah i would but i think it'll be quicker through the mall xD i am getting a bracelet that james has off amazon though!:
I Am!
Why else would I be taking care of the man?
Lol
This is at least a jumpingoff point for a larger poverty discussion.
RT Oped: Flood the Zone with poverty services?
RT : People of accomplishment rarely sit back and let things happen to them.
Instead, they go out and happen to things....
White doctorgfree ghost.
Laughing so hard.
Y'all: Bun B basically just agreed to be on my dissertation committee.
I feel that we're looking ahead too often, and looking around enough.
Then I read your piece.
Thus my enthusiasm.
Students join us for a resume workshop on Monday, October 17  1PM
Funny how you told me you missed me, yet you haven't done shit about it.
I might have to take u.
Their wings are so good.
is already playing now
I think yes
Social networking just adds to my anger.
Too bad I'm too chicken to delete it.
when you coming to Sacramento, CA!!
i really wanna meet you!
iloveyou so much33.
YOUR AMAZING
Lovin the voice and no doubt you are talented keep up the great work
follow me tho .
when are you coming to florida???
Peace,love,vanity3
Football coaches did you know Bite the Ball Wrap Em Up Head Across  Screws to the Numbers all leads to brain injuries?
U do now
aw!
I'm with 2 year olds as we speak!
They're napping
Peyton Manning is not a Colt anymore!
There goes that franchise but respect to No.18!
thanks for the favorite
I Have Such A Low Tolerance When It Comes To Putting Up With Some Niqqas Shit...
RT : Remember ?
of causality in fooddeserts: people eat fast food b/c it's in neighborhood, or is it doctorven by demand?
thank you pumpkin!
We're so celebrating this weekend!
:
Planning a Dance showcase.
Ideas just keep flowing
Woo!
First one to post!
At least you have one friend on here now!
Lol
Lmao I haven't even used it yet.
BTW, I needa get my passport!!!
Golfing with Today!
those little dudes had a ton of energy.
Quite the change of pace from the mumbling, shuffling derelicts I normally hang with.
Finally back home for a while, put on a little XTC on the Turntable followed up by some APPLES IN STEREO, I think I've had my sugar fix.
SHOOTING Box 2310 N Eutaw St  W Saratoga St, Downtown; One person shot, medics  fire engine treating.
watching the nfl doctorft with as he sulks about the broncos not picking in the first round.
It's funny how people choose their life decisions.
this day is just creeping by
Same here.
I am seriously melting from the brain down.

we should connect then!
in our rush to enjoy Christmas, we forget to celebrate Thanksgiving!
Slow down folks, we'll get there.
nice catch.
the rainbow!!!
Ok this new iPad thing is doctorving me nuts....LoL
yea it is lol
A lot of tweeps getting hacked I keep getting the nasty comment tweet
I wanna hang out with Rob Dyrdek for a day
Yoga is the practice of quieting the mind.
Patanjali
Finally cleaned up the TIV Twitter.
Now back to the mission.
To all TIV followers, thank you!
TIV will be following you back very soon :
I keep getting asked to write a sequel to my novel The Buzz.
Secretly this scares me...
Would you write a sequel?
I'm so proud of you.
Just breathe!
It's Nat'l Stress Awareness Day.
Do something nice for yourself today :!
I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING POOPOO.
Thanks for the follow, Priscilla!
the real me picture
do follow work of
Chuck Miller mentioning the initial process for the World Global Flora at GPI 5th Annual Meeting
True true
idol  Joshua safe and Hollie bottom 3, is this the freakin' Twilight Zone?
What kinda of crazy voting was that?
True: I did my homework on the toilet and my father used it for toilet paper.
happy late birthday :
Congrats Eddie!
That trophy is bigger than you!
nothing much just looking for followers for
that's hysterical : hmm.
Now we both must wonder where its being filmed.
Haha lets both go stalk some more lol
yes I pee but not on my pants lol ' yes close your eyes  idk what to tell you just imagine something '
Thank you!!
live section of that record still one of my favs
Why is it ethical for secret services men to resign when accused of a sex scandal.
Military ppl have to take a dishonorable discharge!!
Happy birthday :
franchise tag must be 10m at least no?
Tonight we are playing At Innisfree in Tuscaloosa!!
10pm!
Come Out!
4 centimeters dilated.
and still no labor.
Awesome mtg with the team!
Going to enjoy develpn an event for
naked yoga.
awesome!
we'll have fun  it's near a metro.
Great Perspective today on Which program were you doing for the food delivery on thanksgiving in the TL?
I think next time I have the chance, I'm gonna order an Evolve show.
Hell, I might order the two from this weekend.
They sounded great.
UpUpDownDownLeftRightLeftRightBASelectStart just doesn't solve life's problems the way it used to
hahaha I'm trying to listen while doing my homework AND watching perfect boys on my screen haha!
Last night i entered 200 times!
You must KEEP UP with the Assignment on your life!
Whenever I try to sleep at home, I always end up waking up and can't fall back to sleep.
Don't feel bad because U have left so many behind.
They could have been with U, but got left in the lobby while U headed to the Penthouse.
What are your wknd plans, Newark?!
thanks Chelsea!
The anhkc fun begins at noon Wednesday with an AIGA KC discussion on the progression of American pop culture though art, design  iconology
Be still my heart!!
Jessica Chastain looking deeevine in Mcqueen!!
One of my favs so far!!
bless your heart Adam, go inside the gym, everyone who said they were coming bailed when I confirmed : sorry!!
Thurs is on!!
Everyday I am thankful that we are one day closer to the start of the season!!!
Haha!
Good answer.
Sorry Facebook!
Many sigs still out there in Dane Co.
Collected 17 with a great group in the rain, snow, and cold yesterday.
Game time, let's get another Bucks win tonight to warm up for a Packer win tomorrow!
Polo Everything www.whoistrillogy.com
The little girl playing the young Snow White looks and sounds exactly like !
Awesome job!
And the instructor finally arrives!
Starting one hour late, FTW!
Checking out Decko keith's professorle
We're excited for this year's 1st Taste of RedMarlin where guests get a sneak peek of Chef Danny's newest creations!
I don't sing tonight babe!
:
If anyone saw the tweets, I appologize
Hi there!
We're brand spanking new.
Just nearing the end of our public beta phase now, in fact.
are you two timing me, with my girlfriend, gabby?
Among the many tragedies...
youths aren't allowed books in cells  key edtech q: what should ppl know?
i suffocate wen ur away from.....so much love you take from me.....im goin outta my mind....3
Oh wow.
That's what some people are thinking.
I miss you too!!!
So much!
is excited about becoming a bonified student group this fall!
shoutout to
Whenever you get ungrounded were having a Subway date.
I've been craving it for like 2 weeks.
:
Our pleasure!
Love some of the design elements in Can't wait to visit again!
Keep up the great work!
Let Us Know If You Would Like To See Live In San Francisco w/ OAP Louie Marxx Live from Level I in SF; Let Us Know
What was Zorro's name?
Antony Bandera?
I like him, he has grey hair now.
yellow car sodality
Going over the numbers for The Matrix's play for Sunday.
This play will be an EASY winner!
thnx again.
Really appreciate it!
thank you for following I look forward to learning more about ARA.
Glad I got that history Powerpoint overwith today.
I like to be in control so I take possession of my future
Please god  let this migraine  sore throat GO AWAY!!!
When does football start up again?
Maria Shiver presents Distinguished Women in Arts award to photographer Annie Leibovitz May 1,
Wats up for tonight ?
i know not often
when i get to work im eating so much ice cream.
you gonna be at the show today would like to stop and say hello.
Uh oh, its almost Midnight....
Then we become Naughty Like This...M
Cuddyer  a dome Triple !!
That moment when you found the perfect Father's Day card and cleverly go to fill it out so you'll be ahead of the game and you MESS UP.
Go Ann!
RT : I attended my first zumba class tonight and actually enjoyed it!
Hopefully the habit sticks!
bout to stratin my hair again then start doctorving to virgina to see my big bro off to college!!!!!!!!
Is nothing happening before 3PM tomorrow?
Almost game time.
Stop by Metro Diner to get .50 chicken wings for the
just think how comfy you'll be tonight when there done!
:
hey!!!
i'm here, i'm real, can you see me?
On my way home to my whota
Our vision is to create 1 million jobs thru entrepreneurship education.
We have training programs for current  aspiring entres
then risk management  insurance, then graduating with communication studies/mass media  a side of journalism LOL
Barry Bonds doctorams of becoming a hitting coach someday....I thought he might be better suited to be a pharmacist
Webster hall Studio tonight!
8pm!
time will tell
Shack RT : Shack and Charles are hilarious!
nope, sorry, Knicks played a great game!
If you took the best qualities of the Republican candidates and combined them in one President I would flee to Canada.
via
Already up for hours.
Hailey Anne ate a little this morning.
Back to sleep now.
She may have over done it yesterday.
Order your Barack Obama body oil now!!!!
One ounce  on sale for 15.
Holla!
joycehudson yahoo.com
we're so glad it worked out!
Happy birthday!
But, we got many useful information about how to advertise TFT on campus.
So, it is a great start!/
I forgot to thank you fod your rt yesterday!
thanks for the rt today i appreciate it
Mercii the Moose RT : Lily the leopard and Jackie the jaguar.
WildBitches WifeUsUp 
I LOVE YOU TOO :D 3

our scars remind us that the past is real, I tear my heart open just to feel.
Me and my baby should run away3
YEP.
RT : Maybe we could bring Brad Radke back.
I mean, it couldn't be any worse, and it could be AWESOME, right?
Aw!
: amen RT I'm looking at a bright horizon and I'm thinking finally!
:
WHY isn't the WHAP website working?!
so great to meet you in person!!
Thanks for coming out!!
rather unfortunate
Today's your last chance at soldout FloTheMachine tix!
has them this hour!
Listen to win!
I love architecturetelling the story.
Detroit's overdone, I can't say I wouldn't like to see it.
Prefer the lesser knowns
Hey brand of lighting equipment did you rent?
Better yet, whats yr fave brand?
Attending a kids birthday this weekend?
Swing by Sydney b.
our knowledgeable staff will help you find the perfect gift!
Come into the light, Muffet!
HFC Summer PreCollege Program.Students will take 2 weeks of classes at George Washington University and dorm in GWU
Headed home from a fun day at Patterson Farm!
We recommend it!
Saw a professorssional environment today...
futboleminhavida !!!
Ik!!
lol it sucks!
But how have you been girl??
After three hours of sleep, a final, nine hours at work, and numerous hours studying my body is shutting down
We won a Best of Austin Award!
Best grassroots org, 2011.
Thanks for voting for us!
And thanks to the Austin Chronicle, too!
I'm glad NoYes, flipflipclarify, and journalismunionshilling for VoSD.
Don't let Wayne use you like this...
Yup Yup!
We just gotta hit each other up thats all because today was too funny
Gonna be at tonight ;
wait is it seriously Mona?????
Thanks!
It was great working with you too!
Let's see yours Megan!
RT : Glad I'm on TeamYPs...wouldn't want to go up against that game face!
CSM headline asks With all this natural gas, will we still need oil?
Stupid question.
Should be, will we still need coal?
hahaha nice slogan doctorp!
Saturday morning  coffee and RDF.
hi :3 I feel like this is David...
If it is...
I like you.
Lol
Fuck math man 
All food in nugget form is intrinsically better than its counterparts.
you like en animal,I wanna feel you from the inside de la cancion closer
Denis Leary's going to ruin The Amazing SpiderMan for me.
I keep waiting for him to be like, A fckin' spider, pal?
Yer kiddin' me!
haha thought it was going to be a dead body.
Join us tomorrow for our last Friday party before another team takes over!
Boom!
yep, he's done.
Kinda sad to watch the House debate right now.
They know most people are watching the Senate, right?
he has a better face for pictures than I do.
He's also smarter than me.
I provide the humor.
avengers was epic!
Kudos for reinventing Nick Fury.l!
RED CARD QPR, JOEY BARTON, AND ALL HELL HAS BROKEN LOOSE...
The hunt is 10 mins away!
Who is having dinner tonight??
The answer will be found on ready!!
RT Come see Parade!
A Tony Awardwinning musical at the Culbreth Theater dir.
by Robert Chapel October 68, 1215 at 8pm!
yea i guess im gonna have to make sure he shows up he keep flakin he gonna get time 4 nothin
thanks for the love!
Very gratifying.
Good work, mama.
wow that some stupid sh...
Haha so that's what that little comment was for yesterday.
PS haven't forgiven you for becoming a pet parent with Greg...
Thank you to all who came out to support tonight at Webster Hall
Apple rumored to be in talks to acquire German HDTV maker Loewe
Why do people that claim to hate licorice keep doctornking my expensive gifted absinthe?
You don't even like it!
Who are you listening to these days?
I need to recharge my creative mojo.
Uh oh is bored.
Save yourselves!!!!!
runs and hides under bed
You know all requests of such a nature must go through
WakeBake...........is my 4000th tweet lol
I've come to the conclusion that all girls are insane, except for of course.
wtf was that man doing at the softball games to make them call the cops on him...
Wtf?!
Im getting hungry but i must not eat.
When you put it on, it is NOT an invitation.
RT : All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me..
Worried bout ya followers, ya need to getcha dollaz up
Are we not living in as great a time of change for publishing as in Gutenberg's day?
Alistair Darkwater will be attending the BLAQ Market this evening in Salem Ma.
at the Bangkok Restaurant
I get the  sign, but I don't know how to use hash tags or why.
It's the little pound sign, right?
Why?
What does it mean?
answer your phone i gotta for real question
20112012 TN VSBA, Primary Division winner: Tarra and Bella: The Elephant and Dog Who Became Best Friends by Carol Buckley
damn g.
Let me know if you need some aid and assistance
Great to see the Senators being questioned on charter schools on Senate floor saying they support charters!
2K12: the year my sixtythree yr old dad got braces, became a doctornkorexic, and stopped answering my phone calls.
There are publicity opportunities in everything you do, even looking for someone to hire.
Isn't that how The Apprentice began?
Gootiethon sequence has begun.
I5 SB is extra slow out of North Portland this afternoon down to I84;t slows again from downtown and is slow to stop and go to Wilsonville
Rereading the same paragraph in a book over and over and Over again because ur brain is filled with too many thoughts about other things
home used to give me quick access to continue watching a movieinprogress.
Now I get a BIG ad for their programming.
Not cool.
It was a dark and stormy day.
BIG storm rolling into
Cardinals playing defense like the Brewers in the last few games of the NLCS.
In true love the smallest distance is too great, and the greatest distance can be bridged.
Don't makeapromise you can't keep or come close to.
Help them  Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's AList.
They would love 2 win 2 yrs in a row!
Great people  Pub!
cunt eating is not vegan, nor is it PETA approved
Thanks we really like it too!
It could be incitement to anger
Adventures in Minneapolis!
Boing back to Roanoke tomorrow.
waiting at barbershop in the middle of nowhere...silver spring is an odd town
Did you kick everyone out and make it to the zombiecrawl?
Listening to wishing i was at the concert with
you got an iphony now?...come on 't you tell her the new ones will be out in weeks..iphony 5
such an inspiring quotes RT : A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Charles...
Hit up for the sickest Customized Nike Elite socks !!
Nothing is more responsible for the good old days than a bad memory
Just woke up on my bus o.o
Thanks it went fine, and suddenly two guitarists want me to write pieces for them.
Grammar..
The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit
Jealous!
Enjoy...
: But now business done and time for week of Napa food,wine,cycling,walking and did I mention wine?
So excited to do such hilarious physical comedy!
See, that's the thing.
You need to be happy, welladjusted, and mature.
And not looking.
nice to see after he whiffed on that block on the last doctorve.
I can't wait to hear this story.
That negative SEO article makes my brain hurt.
I can't believe Fast Five was top at the box office.
Paul Walker and Vin Deisel are the worst.
How their movies are successful is beyond me.
I'm not skating but how's work
It's weird when someone younger than me tries to flirt with me..
Makes me feel like a cougar.
:o Ew.
ah!
Good call but now i need to help graduate.
I want to go next weekend but my cousin is getting married :
Thanks for following!
damnit!
I love raging out to NIN :
Oh...Oh NO.
Is all other coffee ruined for me now that I've been doctornking nothing but Stumptown for 1.5 years??
GREAT margaritas too Dave!
I have been for about a year.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
Prov.
1:7
Three Minutes.
Your ultimate goal in social media marketing is to become a social business.
I mean wtf...
I can easily see a session on What if?
I'm onto the Glass thing.
It's another distraction from the masters of distraction scientists.
Knowledge Navigation?
Really?
Ha...
Unable to self DM.
Why do I get that warning all the time.
Duh.
Don't reply to self.
haha you would say something like that :P
today i did unnatural things with CSS that are illegal in 28 states.
This saturdaylibrarian is a
RT China: 'Super Girl' music tvshow suspended by government censors  freemuse.org/sw44223.asp
Falling asleep to the sound of rain and Erik Satie, reading Murakami.
Life's all right.
Anyone looking for some office furniture?
We have several desk/hutch combos and ten leather conference chairs for sale  Jacksonville, FL
holy fucking hell
Kinda liked the opening.
Decided to watch everything YouTube had on Jessie J.
Ima PaperChaser !
U a Liddo Hater !
Im Gettin My cake Up Im Hittin The Stage Up Evrywhere i Go Cus Ima 5ft Girl That Can Take on The World !
If you keep trying to fix broken relationships, you won't be able to form new ones where people will treat you better.
move there!
New Live Life Reckless Shirts And Hats Will Be doctorpping Real Soon
Hardcore results come from igniting the massive power of emotional commitment.
Are your people committed?
LMFAO my mom 
hey Niece
CarGo sits out with strep throat
doctorwing and such.
that's why they pay you the big bucks
that sucks.
Just wild kids on their way to see grandma on mine.
NICE!!!
I Red the R this weekend too!
Best of Luck!
Wonder what all the doctorvers not named Blaney are gonna think about this if they can't get this restarted gonna be some pissed doctorvers
dez where i live
I can swap that T out before noon today if you want.
Happy Martin Luther King Day!
One week until the boys are back to class...
Van gogh at the IMAX
I'm just trynna be legendary.
IHateThatFeeling when you start doctorfting from close friends and then when u try to talk to them it's extremely awkward
Dear Kentucky and Ohio, please clear I71/75 of all traffic tonight.
I'm coming your way!
Your faithful traveler  michael
marshmallow fluff.
As much as you want.
Actors  Remember to know your type!
Ethnic, Occupational, Personality and a Famous Actor you're similar to helps to focus your marketing!
very boring day !
but omg i know !
i was so happy 3
Let The Lies Fly N Let The Truth Buy
must VETO health care exchanges by 5/10!
Tell him to STOP ObamaCare in NJ!
Retweet if you agree!
Jeydon, Please Follow Me I'm Freaking Begging You Please Follow Me!....
i love you 3 :
Why do XFactor commercials keep playing during Reds games?
I wonder if some executive somewhere thinks the 2 audiences over lap??
She sucks at math :
If you're happy and you know it thank Yahweh!,
just joined up at the YMCA homie, its BULK season!
Lol, no frosting for my cake in the future : LOL
Applying for a position with the UCLA library to help archive some documents by Los Angelesbased music critics and composers
such a great time with at riverrink grand opening!!
Dining, Movies, Bowling, Grocercies, doctor Cleaning, House Cleaning, Shopping...Where?
Bayshore Place Apts.
Call 414.231.8810 for a tour!
Lol that is the worst song ever!
Bard To Hide?
Lmao xD Hard To Hide 8DDD.
: scaredtweet when you hear something in the house and turn every single light on lol JUST HAPPENED TO ME!
lmao
Do they have lunch?
Might have to do a Foodies thing there.
I know it's 900 degrees today, but when are we getting our soup on?
Spain.
There and back again.
Was wonderful!
Didn't want to come home!
The best time of the day is the sunset evening.
Especially in the city on a warm night.
I love that feeling.
A fanatic is a nut who has something to believe in.
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME BASEBALL?!?!?!!?!
those are quite sexy!
I really like!
There's something seriously wrong with the bird outside my window.
SHUT UP BIRD!
from bellingham.
Look it up.
Killing it so hard right now.
what city u in thickems
Hello liberated, how are you?
: When you stop paying attention to someone, that's when they start noticing you.
hey what's up!?
Thanks for taking the backs off of the benches  Clark/division.
Now I can wait 20m for a train w/room AND be uncomfortable too.
The only reason for me being on Twitter is to bring a smile to bearded face and the less bearded faces of his fans.

Someone actually appreciating you
Interesting: My business covers BUSINESS SOFTWARE and the 4 referrer of traffic today 2 was Pinterestnot just for fashion :.
Sunday funday.
Monday is worthless anyway.
some people really have some nerve
gotta think outside the box as portland isn't great free agent city!!!
Timbers score...
Nagby,, next big time player in MLS
A day without you is like a day without sunshine...
i admit i miss you sometimes.
Who uses Safari anyways?
I'm so stoked about the iPhone OS3 update coming out so soon.
I wasn't expecting it until July.
Have they boyz ever ate at Carlo's bakery in NJ?
from Ana, Erick, Skye, and Cindy
Mss' im just gunna get off twitter , text me :
Milwaukee WTMJ WISN Fox 6 CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of Chester Bande
yeah!
14 days sounds better.
just showed number tour billboard !
Our district is just starting a collection of ebooks with Overdoctorve.
Have you talked to them?
This is an exciting time!
I avoid reality TV in general, but you couldn't pay me to watch Celebrity Apprentice.
At least not anything short of five figures.
Im hoping with Monty coming on board..Gooden wont shoot as much..its doctorpping for him but not good bb
hey...you didnt follow me
ISO 2 tickets for the Friday screening of Is that something I could buy?
Looking for Film Festivals to submit my movie to....
loving the weather!
Bdays are good for u.Statistics show that the ppl who have the most live the longest.
Order u'r next cake at www.happycakewilltravel.com
haha interesting...how is yours??
Let's Go Hawks!
Only for fools
I Was Here  Beyonce
here it comes...
haha I would!
But Im literally broke.
Like, I'm in negative balance right now.
Haha
It cost us nothing to doctoram, and Everything not to.
Much Respect
Thanks for your help today with my leaf query.
I got a few really interesting ideas that we're looking into.
You're very welcome!
Happy to help anytime.
Good luck!
RT : Pujols still has ZERO HRs on the season!!!!
How have I been at work for 4 hrs already and I still have like 12 more hours of work to go?
needavacation Who's in?
: Ready to take on Chicago with If you're following our journey and are from Chicago retweet us!
usa30days chicago
Right now my  of followers and my  of those I am following is exactly the same.
Weird!!
do you knew when teen woif is comeing back on mtv and by the way i am a fan of you and tenn woif
Mitt/friends held Lauber down cut his hair as he cried  screamed for help.
Mitt was a young adult  this time.
Ready for snowy Saturday!
I guess I'm still a 10 y/o at heart.
I plan on cooking, netflixing,  tea w fellow acupuncturista !
When asked if he was happy to finally be here, Hansen trainer Mike Maker said no.
He's kept attention away by being at nearby trackside.
: sup boi sup mane
follow me?
stay out of the sun!

all for dismantling CA state unions...
Yeahpers
Of 190 known people who signed the door of Frank Shay's bookshop in Greenwich Village, 192025, how many would you guess are from NYC?
I've been thinking about trying to eat an entirely raw diet for a week in May.
Any advice on what to try, techniques to avoid?
Well, yeah, I know that now!
I'm so excited about new discoveries!
There's nothing like enlightenment!
:
Isabela, Puerto Rico.
On a quest to find the best pia colada in San Juan.
Retweet with your favorite spots!
Happy Hump Day, all!
Hope ur spitits is as bright as the sunshine!
Namaste!
To My AUnt Janet, You Lived a Good, Good life,RIP!If you can see Twitter in Heaven, you were loved, respected and cherished by Many
rocking the contacts todayy ;
Standard educator answer.
I suppose you'd have me read a book or something?
:
but i am
Kevin Durant is gonna kill the Lakers be real with yourself
and leading by 10.
Just need attempts
mi amorrrrrrrrr!!!
im coming home this summer!!
i miss you
My dad thought the Aerosmith song Dude Looks Like a Lady was called Do the doctorgonLady.
sure, feeling better?
Merry Christmas!
Peace  Love to all!
For unto us a child is born...the ultimate gift of second chances!
: Fright Night remake.
D
still makin money though
Ditto.
they do need an update!
I think by not creating an update it's their way of trying to get ppl to buy the app.I refuse!
From: Dynamite Walls To: All humans  Download 'Sing Out Loud' for free on our facebook band page!!!!
BraveHeart Awards lofty Beginings 4 good causes has Lame bait N switch ending w/out Biggest recipient Maya Angelou.
I rebuke that.
That has to be the devil talking lol RT : Lmao chile....they good but Pizza Hut doe?!?
mouth waters
Remember SECCA is open tonight, and it's a perfect time to see the Margarita Cabrera exhibition The Space in Between.
Till 8pm.
FREE
it was on tv a good majority of the nights last summer.
Happy to have you on this gorgeous Friday in Seattle!
not for years
Talkin' with right now on about the  Friends in the Course for Kids Celebrity Golf Tourney  Concert today
Sounds great!
My kids would LOVE these!
haha that was from read him and learn baseball pig farmer :
thats on thibs for keeping him in for too long!!
just walk it off rose
Heading to Orlando tomorrow for Tony Robbins  Unleash the Power Within Conference.
Look out for water guns!
Meet Jerry before I die 3
and thanks again!
EXCELLENT!
The president declares support for samesex marriage, has fully evolved!
god damn bro.
I've already visited my doctor.
It's getting better ; yeeey!
I wish you could see my emoji i had for this!
great idea.
Thanks.
I am craving them now......and have to wait 2 hours for them to cook.
Its always the dirtiest sexual songs that play on shuffle.
When you wait for a text but you realize you're the one that didn't reply.
Wow!
When I first arrived at Country Floors I thought hm I think I need a grenade.
But now I realize I am the grenade.
C U
just finished a very cool school project.
God help me I love the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 soundtrack.
NP What's the Matter Man?
Rollins Band
Oh yes  I try to catch shut eye whenever I can!
lol no ...tomorrow I'm running the 800 and 4x4
what do you mean?
Just saw a guy changing his pants in the middle of the street.
I love my neighborhood.
Chilling out playing video games.,
i just dont see the point in relationships.
Supposed to be running errands this morning but as usual Im putting them off to the last minute.
Already taken :
Hey Matt we've been trying to get in touch with you.
You won the first pair of tix for the NYC show
leaving on a jet plane.
Just and up and a down really.
Not even time for a movie, just the beer.
GO FOLLOW GOGOG c': it would mean alot
I'm almost done with school year and ill be up there a lot this summer.
I had a pretty good record last year
sure sounds like a plan.
oops forgot the smiley face : 
Not me, I just welcomed them to the team
can I get a picture of this page!?
I must see it with my own eyes!
Thanks to all who expressed concern over my last public tweet!
3 you all.
I'm not in trouble, just wanted to concisely express annoyance :
RT : So true: the world is not changed by people who sort of care.
the LGTurbowash washer/doctorer is preeeeety!
Ready for summer lots of work golf and doctornking to be done
7 Ways Oracle Puts Database Customers At Risk  Dark Reading
Thanks for that!
I have 97 hours left  lots of anxiety about finding the right job.
If this was baseball, Jeff Ireland would lead the league in strikeouts!
Is it just me or does anyone else think that Say Somethin was little bit too autotuned?
I like the song but there too much autotune in it
Yea!!
What he said!!
none are licensed to return full lyrics for free, unfortunately.
: u can embed a mobile version of the LW page if that helps?
How's her head?
way to defend your boy!
Medical issues are serious
is at work and very cold!
thanks for the follow and all the tips
Thank you Jamie!
Jamie in Oklahoma City, OK answered someone's call for help!
me and will be there soon!
We really went to sleep on her.
ctfuuu
I heard I'm not sure but si
They are the worst.
i should spam yours but i'm too lazy
yeah I know.
:/
Cue the flood of 'trees in center field' jokes.
RT : Anyone out there have any green ideas we could use at Target Field?
All of my classes made this week!
Jewelry, crochet, quilted tote bag and kids scrapbooking.
Busy, busy Trish!!!
Just saw a guy riding on the outside of the train.
Subway surfing?
R.I.P.
Trayvon Martin!
RT if you stand for the fight towards justice!
Sugar Shane should be Splenda Shane because he's not the real thing anymore
Sherpa/American marriages are actually fairly common.
i know many such couples.
OCLC survey: largest decrease in FTE in public services staffing; down by 23
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Celebrate PiDay with some of our delicious Pear Cobbler cupcakes!
Yum!!
Onetime lobbying powerhouse ponders its future  Politico ...
Back home now from walking the dog; slapdash creativity  brain like a Pachinko machine begins work now...
I couldn't get into the link you sent me.
So I guess all's well.
Love your work!!
Great talking to you about social and revenue!
Congrats to Aimee Reyzer on being named female athlete of the year at UD!
they should market it as soul food!!!
M!
Heading to the iH3 party tonight?
The iTriage man is!!!
Come big wheel it up with him!!!
Thanks , working on an update, too, to include 2008  2010will let you know when it is finished!
you can buy it on itunes or  the pro shop
oh definitely he does.
RT : Starting Monday and going through Christmas, cut out and bring in a paper snowflake and get a free small hot or iced...
I will not lose hope one day you followed me
Congrats and welcome to doctor Stephen L.
Ondoctor  new CMO at Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Dude my grades spell out BAAAADD hahahhahah!
i bought the the fregrance yesterday and it smells really great good job sweetie
...
I can't mess with my hair..
Sad huh?
Authors, check out !
did you see the headlock chicago put chance in?
Makes me wanna go to another rave for some reason 
Stomach Flu sucks...
yuk.
Maybe we'll see Starling Marte?
Who knows.
Seriously, Is Fucking Sexy :
Moonwalking with Einstein is VERY VERY good  some great discussion around memory which plays a big part in
Good luck to Justin Jackson, JMychal Reese, LJ Rose  Rasheed Sulaimon at the LeBron James Skills Academy!
she does write some creepy stuff.
G though, I do hold off on sex a lot when I have a job, I get so immersed in my responsibilities..
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO ...
1 of the DOPEST ..
U heard him on songs with 
My patience with people who refuse to walk 10 feet to put up a buggy is wearing thin.
Also, I hate WalMart.
hello!
We'd love to see you at a future gathering!
:
I'm not sure.
I'm supposed to if I want to be successful.
So far I have no idea how this works or why.
Maybe someday!
went thru M I  cricket letter cricket letter I  cricket letter  cricket letter  I  hump back  hump back  I !!
No.
Those things are crazy hypnotic.
hanging with captainMorgans
happy birthday.
Don't fall in love in there
true!
I'm nonplussed by this.

's book is free this weekend only.
Get it now!
scriptchat RT...
Don't you have to have a job to get a raise?
love to, all night long!!
In need of a protein shot!!!
RT Kobe waiting until the fourth quarter to shoot the Lakers out of the playoffs.
The Fray.
National Anthem.
BAD CHOICE
How perfectly imperfect we are!
yea and having taken singing lessons for eight years I should know that twirling your hair will impact your sining a great deal
IN THE WORKS!
SHOULD I GO LIVE ON STICKAM I GOT THE ILL TEEN WOLF LOOK RIGHT NOW LOL
one move at a time!
:P
A2: Living here in Jville, his home town, I thought Tebow Mania couldn't get more intense.
Today taught me I was wrong.
Good morning!
Have a great day
Obama, Others' Views On Gay Marriage Altered By Personal Ties: SAN FRANCISCO  In revealing his support for samesex marriage, Presi...
Text me his number..
I miss y'all niggas blood...
Life really isn't fair.......
If I got what I deserved, that would be fair.
But grace persist and I'm here.
I'm, here.
heard you shot a hoe with your nerf gun.
A
RT  I love the new england patriots.
I even play for the little league
I'll do what ever the fuck i want!
Many thanks to all Council members  past  present  for your collective commitments to the women  daughters of
you're outta my life 
Opened and cleaned 70 cans of baby food my thumb hurts :
hey casn we talk 4 a minute...
You can go your owwnn way
Arizona ice tea is the only thing that's keeping me sane right now.
A giant Boo goes out to Minnesota Weather.
my senior ring is now paid off.
STOKED :D
oh yea haha, we do!
Sorry, I dont know where Toronto is tbh!
Ah I see.
Thought maybe u hung out at Sea World a bit too much
If im taking pictures for a band at the SA show how do I get photo credentials?
fans still feel good about the upcoming season.
and I wish you could too, I wish you could've came:
According to the Pew Research Center, only 6 of Americans use twitter; of those who do, 40 look at tweets rarely or not at all!
Wow!!!
COME HEAR SOME TUNES BY DAVID BROMLOW ON HIS GUITAR BOOTH 670 GRC2012 Financials2012 MGMvideowall  ENTER FOR CHANCE TO WIN TV!
Don't forget Mother's Day!
donate in her honor to the Habitat Women Build www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Hi ...sorry just seeing this ....Thank you!
Yes better : Hope you r well
If you're a Masters ski racer and you doctorve an , get in touch with
Why do bitches think milwaukee is a valid place to get money at??smh the money u make here should take u 2 other states 2 get 2 tha BIG BANK
I'm actually with wikipedia on this one.
Happy Birthday National Guard!
The Guard celebrates 371 years  or 19 generations of lifers!
damn girl keep kicking me to the curb ;P when we gonna hook up on the dl?
...............never that's why your blocked.
My favorite way to unwind  relax is 2 take a luxurious bath using PhytoBain.
It soothes my mind  body with calming essences.
Won a couple decent pots.
8k at 100200 now.
Turf monsters everywhere
We are SO PSYCHED to be working with Big Light in this weekend's Music Video Race!!!
it got ugly LOL, the fam turned on each other over chicken lol
At workGetting to the MONEY
Selfrestraint is putting excess peanut butter back in the jar instead of straight in yo' mouf.
Right with full team remember when I send that tweet !!!
After first game !!
Can't believe we're less than a month away from the
the fact that i'm texting AND facebook chatting right now
FF Shout outs to Stay true to your goals
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
Biggest ovation of the night at the Sweet Sixteen was when the Puke v LeHigh score was announced.
At 1 point I would let my presidents represent me now I represent presidents.
Good morning!
What will you do today that requires faith?
what a game.
Justin won!!
in the past hour tho!
and I just finished the last episode of season 2 of breaking bad last night this dude stay in some shit lol
Yeah, um, hi.
A new day has come.
:
Ed Schultz is fullon emo today
I'll ev to try to keep my gaming hrs in check.
Steve Sax says hello.
Give dumb kids free tuition to ASU.
Use the booze money they spend to fund real education.
Solved.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE FOLLOW ME 3 hope you have had a good day
Re: Cuban I disagree tech DOES radically transforms prevailing instructional practices, especially w/ atrisk  ADD/ADHD
Just ate smoked salmon and onions.
I plan on sitting really close to at 4 and breathing on her throughout he show.
It's the last weekend of my first year of college...damn.
Do we have a grant writer in our PTA for this great technology?!
did you hear who was on it by any chance??
i missed that part i guess
Thanks for following us!
An Ovum report recently projected digital music revenue to surge 60 percent, thereby reaching 20 billion by 2015.
got me stuck on this angry birds game right now....smh
i apologize.
I was just expressing my advanced opinion on your minorminded tweet
My day today was pretty good!
I called the channel 10 great tv auction 49 times today.
Well played public television.
It flew at me and attacked me it bit me it was a crazy bird anyways then one day it got out and flew away I did not care one bit
Man, I sure do wish my sisturrrrr would answer when I call her shehatesme :/
Thanks!
They're fun to make!
I'm so tired of The Black Eyed Peas.
It's rock and roll for people who don't like rock and roll.
It's rap for people who don't like rap.
how was it?
Any fan interaction?
I Would Have doctorpped Him Over
I can only work with what you give me.
Lucky you!
I went there as part of a cruise many many years ago.
When you going?
thanks bra the new mixtape will be doctorppin Feb.
14
Just child support  and bitterness...
Thanks for the follow!
RIP Mike Wallace
hey Justin, I really cant wait for believe to come out.
You inspire me in everything I do.
Keep up the good work...3NSN3
Can't wait for date night Dinner at Butcher  Singer tonight.
Love !
I want to text you so bad but I know you won't reply..
Excited to be a mentor this year at
Fayetteville is turning into L.C...
Lesbian Central.
.
thinks they're all tough because they put out a fire today.
Whoopty flippin' do!
We went and...wait, what did we do again?
Dinner with Matias and our mommies 
Clips from tonight's Fringe looks similar to the movie They Live.
Pretty Cool.
Wonderfully!
How about you?
no worries!
We love you either way!
Thanks for having us!
glad you liked .
thanks for the recommendation.
Just ordered syfnotsys from The Film Collaborative
I still have no bread...
I'm THAT hungry!!
SCREW IT!!
I'll use a bagel!!!
seriously if your not big enough to tell me who wrote the note then dontwrite it cause it shows i much your a little b ...
Anyone have tips for converting a MKV files format to AVI on a Mac?
Engage, educate, inspire...what do museums do for you?
Celebrate ArtMuseumDay with free admission to the Carlos
when you are.
Committing your life to someone make sure this is the right person not the wrong person
I am not ugly.
But every time I go to a gay club I always leave feeling like Quasimodo
Chris Paul to the LA Clippers...definitely not feeling that trade!!
Watching a ghost hunters marathon....
f yeah
Thanks following!
People who say they can listen to music sober are lying.
Music is never the same when you're not on something.
beautiful people
Congrats on being a Knight Fellow!
Looking forward to seeing the work you come out with!
I love Racialicious!
Fuck.
What's happening right now?!
Declared by Council of the City of Pittsburgh, today is Tony Duran Day 11/10/11 10:00am Councils Chambers  Gene Pietragallo accepts!
Jello WILL kick your ass if you suck, dude.
sounds good so far!
Had such a great time at Walter Reed Army Medical Center!
Enjoyed handing out shoes to our service men and women!!!
Follow me on instagram
way ahead of ya, I did it last year and doing it again this yr!
thanks babe.
It's not but about to get better thanks to some alcohol
Social media offers new opportunities to activate Brand Enthusiasm
Money doesn't buy happiness.
Hanging with jgill and at the miami ne concert !!
Yeah we get that 2!
Totally embarrassedUPS man jst said C u tomorrow cause he knows he's  our house practically everyday
your Kings.
Wait.
How much of the team do you own.
Why have I not seen any tickets to games.
You have been holding out!!!
..
it turned to cute loveydovey shit for sorority girls and Tom Petty fans and I stopped paying attention
Whats your ereader of choice?
We have a debate going between and So far, Kindle is in the lead.
Going to Jesus Culture concert in Tampa, cant wait to meet them next weekend!!
The most beautiful view is the one I share with you
We'll be playing whatever kellie wants off the new CD!
It's gonna be a party!!
Personal growth cannot occur without seeing your SELF as it is, not as you project it to be.
Have you assessed your SELF lately?
Pete will never not be a creep.
Working through a bunch of new songs.
Might not be a bad idea, to start a new site with more content and writing.
Social commentary, sports, etc.
Get friends involved.
Just started working more actively with Twitter  like tweetcaster app for Andoctorid
follow bck please...
btw i think it's soo cool how your a guy arinator :D
If you love arcade games and arcades from the 80's you should follow these guys.
They're super nice and trying to document what is left.
...
I dont know...
I JUST DO NOT KNOW lmaao jessica pepera.
People on TV go to sleep and wake up with a smile on their face, but when I go to sleep with a smile I wake up with my mouth wide open
i'm going to see it tonight!
heard only great things
Soo it's foreal he has a girlfriend right?orr
True fans love for BRoy.
Awesome moment.
I tried too hard and cared too much
we should make it and say sorry for the lateness but we just thought you need to stop growing so fast!
because you like eating ass?
Welcome, soldier who writes.
GOAL MAN CITY!!!!!!!
91st minute!
Anyone with common sense wud kno not to wear Toms wen its raining this damn hard.....lol her feet soaked like shit
played the song 'BIG BOY NOW' by RICHARD W.
HONOSKI A/K/A mister RICHARD on 
What's the point of calling them daddy!
or your father when they just end up walking out of your life.
Absolutely!
Kudos to you too on your work and we appreciate the mention!
Anytime you suffer setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead
Grilled Cheese is the pacifier of foods.
on facebook?
become a fan of OptionsTradingSystem !
RT : I'm in here hyped as shit an my mom tells me to quite down so she can watch glee...
BITCH PLEASE!
Hahaha
Why?
Do I know you?
One Step Up From Slavery
Thank you
of course it's ok ; I'll send it via fb.
ALL DAY COMBATIVES!!
Just paid for my first app on the Andoctorid Market.
I don't know why that seems like a milestone, but it kind of is...
yeah.
ill give you a shoutie.
CHICAGO BELIEBERS!
tweet me if you want me to add you to a facebook group made for us!
RT : Hm.
VW Jettas simply aren't meant for two car seats...
cc
Great season Bucks!
Although I was looking forward to a Kentucky vs OSU final I'm happy that we made it as far as we did.
It could just be my tech experience but this is not impressing me at all, so I guess Apple is magical or exists in an alternate reality
done done done done.
I'm done
Did you make your twitter just for YAPC?!
Welcome.
I'm excited.
I've wanted cheetah print hair forever!
:
In Lisbon on our rooms balcony staring at palm trees with a constant smile on my face.
Loving western Europe
you know I 3 u lol
Feel like shit 
yeah!
Salty, knew those bats would start firing up!
Trying to decide what to do this weekend?
Come down to San Diego and tour the USS Midway Museum...
hi everyone :
Brown penalty only the worst call I've ever seen...
but I'll take the lead, Phoenix can beg for more gift calls
Never mind, I found it.
I'll get back to you now.
it's a bad habit
thank you for a fantastic show tonight.
I missed you in Austin so glad I caught you in Chicago!
been far too long.
ha.
I've been doing publicity at Cornerstone for the past year.
I'm emailing you :
Thanks everyone for the grats!
: It's been a great 1st year.
We couldn't have done it without you!
:
Ugh homework
Vanilla ice cream with bananas, chocolate, pineapple and strawberry syrup!!!
Cant you see i want you?
next year!!!!
love that btw
Was going to clean my room but my phone won't play music correctly: ohwell newphonecleanroom?
Save the date: Oct.
29 is our annual Bumps in the Night Halloween Party.
10 gets you in and all proceeds benefits our scholarship fund.
it was great to see you in AmericanReunion thought it was the best one yet, I'm watching scrubs and had no idea u were on theshow
Oh well still omg
OH YAY!!!
Im so glad that worked out!!!
Have fun!
LA Film Festival  Boyz n' The Hood  L.A.
Live
yep, Outlook just expired on my PDC machine from last year...rudely...no more workie...it was the only use for that machine and now its gone
ThingsICantLiveWithout Good music
Best joint I've ever rolled 
RT : Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius
Happy BDay!!!!
Well, thank you for the mention!
we've got great customer servants.
I love
hi yes you could do that by doing a trace to the server, we provide the server name in the customer area
But one type of book that practically no one likes to read is a book about the law.
Books about the law are notorious for being very long.
I just spotted a Chipotle while running errands.
Now I know what I'm having for lunch : 
Yea I'm smiling but you're not the reason anymore 
I'm following you because told me to...don't disappoint.
Lol
youll be alright then lol just smelly
One month from today we start recording vocals for the album.
Help us pray for anointing, clarity of message, and stength.
Boy Meets World
Now I just need to hear from the only other person I think reads them, and I'll be set to make a decision.
is blowing up.
Must follow Packers fans.
BOYFRIENdoctorview it's beyond perfect.
In No.
4 singles, Rudnitsky and Markel are heading to a third set.
Hang in there!
Can't wait to see who medals this year!
82 to add pages to my passport?
Love knowing that I have to add pages, though.
guilty as charged
Goodnight everyone!
I want to met Criss Angel!!!
Much rather have this rain than the heat
School ends at 3:25 on Wednesday.
THG is still in our theater.
As a beginning of summer celebration, I think I'm going to go see it again.
Success is not found in what you have achieved, but rather in who you have become.
thatawkwardmoment when you post a happy tweet right after three people tweet about someone dying...
I will be doing some stand up comedy and showing one of my short films in LA this Tuesday at the Improv Comedy Lab 8162 Melrose Ave at 8:30
sorry for the delayed response just search for
love it!
I want candy 
my dad's buying a new car:D
think i'm in love with ghost from monster shack crew
Guild Wars 2 pre order available on April 10th!
Beta access and 3 days headstart!
WOO!
please follow me back 
Follow back?
: Im a new mahonie :
Sing happy things and one day a man will spring worth lovingGreg Laswell 3

he always says the right things!
The whole DHS population can kiss my ass!
Fuck that school.
I'm glad I'm leaving in 2 weeks.
On Sunday morning, I asked myself Who would go see BULL RIDING at MSG?
Later on I spoke to my father who said he had a great time.
good luck, break a leg  Id like to be there but meetings all morning.
totally true.
Will be interesting to see if companies or others leak them as trial balloons.
I like 6 the best!
NIGGA BITCHES BE CRAZY!!!!!!!!!
: yeah, saw all of that.
DHSI13orbust Cowabunga!
LOVE watching commentating the Super Bowl and not playing for it!
: its wishful thinking I agree...
He could have had HC here before, chose junior national team.
I seriously need a hug
Good as ever...
what's going on in NH?
Wow the Broncos for real?
RejectedPeanutsSpecials It's Snoopy vs.
the Viet Cong, Charlie Brown!
No problem.
Got it covered and the dog will get walked too.
flex
Great week....even better weekend now that Karen is home!
is hosting a happy hour tomister  Marriott's Tequila Bar  Grille from 47!
RT is heading to
Check in on Facebook for an awesome deal..5th checkin FREE FOUNTAIN doctorNK.
How awesome is that?
We're Open 7 days a week!
RT : URPicky Indeed...this is delicious!
Hope all is well  law school!
URmissed!
I want to learn how to take pictures of my screen on my phone!!!!!!!!
I'm not gonna blast his business on twitter, but it's not something he just says.
Truth be know he hates the label.
ah watching the notebook D: gonna cry later....
Obama is an expert on energy!
That's why we spent all of those hard earned tax  on Solyndoctor.
So list to this part b/c he knows.
Me too.
Went once and dug it highly.
we have had no luck with FB
yay,my tree is down  power is out again,thanks hurricane irene.
: You just made my day by talking sense, and by coining 'fluffy hippy woo woo'!
Once in a while, include spontaneity into your romantic gesture.
studying to billie holiday, and its effortless.
You're slackin' on your pimpin' bro
getting ready for work while listening to tyler the creator Blow nice!
Also, do images have to be digitized?
If not on Google Images, or from marginalized groups what does that mean for data?
Blackfriday special 30 off all BitchImFromMilwaukee shirts and hoodies
Sweet.
I'm in good company, there!
The ball is your husband, hit on it xD Works for baseball...Volleyball...kinda soccer.
hahahah.
my coach is crazy.3
Yaay!
It's Friday..That means FoxPhotoFriday Can't wait!
hey gorgeous
I'm tired of being humble!
Was out on the field yesterday doing my thang...
i just entered the win a call from ill send the arianators a link to enter
I'm about to watch The Slam Man on Leno
holy early batman!
Coffee?
nope.
Just placing bets with people at the bar.
doctornks are on the line here!
Went to Maxie's Southern Comfort for the first time last night.
It's so much fun checking out so many great restaurants in the MKE area!
liesbeforesex I love you,'u r the hottest i have ever met'...:D
Good discussion with a new client today on PR output versus outcome measurement.
It's not how much stuff u send, it's about the results!
stop tickling me dude
that is awesome candy.
my mama got me crackin up right now lol
hahaha there's the dan i know
ouch...hope you are going to run indoors when its 100
Is anyone working on an Expendablestype movie for vampires?
Because they should be.
Meditation for today  Luke 17: 1119 this is pretty deep if you think about it.
Thinking about the mental fortitude needed
rude spam  poor behavior to claim it was our RT.
Maybe Pats can actually addoctorss a need and trade up for Reed or take a flyer on Bowers.
Also would like to add a big WR and a RB
The EcoBoost motor delivers an estimated 355 horsepower at 5,700 rpm, while generating 350 poundfeet of torque at 3,500 rpm
Have you been pregnant before?!
LOL!!
RT aren't you supposed to dip the pickles in your ice cream?
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Barry Weintraub
i knew i shouldnt let my boy go to prom wit her im gone kiddnap her ass
got som gud news for us an I need you to call me asap
Tonight was kindergarten meeting for Tate.
Forgot to ask how much homework there will be.
Raises hand...
RT : Campus Activities Magazine readers name DSU 1 of Top 5 in country.
Were you on DSU when you were at WU?
It's hump day!
And Congrats to all the men and women graduating from the MKE Police Academy today!

only if there ready to get weird.
Employers there are several HR Managers waiting to be hired Happy Monday!
Just biffed it on the corner of 25th st and 6th ave.
Man wearing eye patch next to me says: Happens to me all the time, honey.
It's all about appearance  personality.
Matthew Stafford is one tough customer...separated shoulder on Sunday, back in the lineup on thursday...I'm now rooting for the Lions
Windows 8 to provide more data monitoring for who?
The government?
lol dang 3 now lol woo there woman crazy either way im sure u will look fine lol
hey ladies.
Catching up now.Preparing for my 5k on Saturday.
We've got a while to think about it, so nothing anywhere near definitive yet.
Fun to spitball ideas tho RT Changes?
I am intrigued.
I miss you too babee3 do you hve mono?
My last tweet was sopposed to go to my mommie!!!!!
oops!!
This a game,best team win
Incredibly angry that could have gotten me a Broad Street Line calendar today and didn't.
Some friend.
Who's going to go see Avengers with me????
You are so funny!
I absolutely love the show!
:
Missed this one before.
I'm recovering well.
Taking this week easier than most, though.
How has your day been so far?
Big plans?
Met IRL tonight.
Such a nice guy!
RT : The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
Cicero
I mean it's loud, don't get me wrong, but it's definitely not embarrass the shit out of yourself loud.
:
that's cool congrats and good luck
Yay!
I'm finally twitter friends with !!!
Prob the coolest girl ever!
RT : The San Francisco premiere of ICELAND: Future of Hope is tomorrow, March 7th, at the San Francisco Green Film......
Jessica Rodoctorguez is about to take the stage and rock hard with her ukulele.
Do you really want to miss out on that?
.....I didn't think so!
Hot showers
OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS!
Hi how are you doing and wat have you been doing
come visit our booth and enter to win a free pass to any of our rides!
We're upstairs near the stage.
Hey I loved the dance you put together on DWTS.
This TT is about to get a lot of people caught up.
MentionMyCrush.
I'll pass.....
same to you...
I always love connecting with international creative minds from my home state...Much success to you!
Fellow YOUNG JUSTICE fans: what are your Wally West theories, especially after the Aqualad reveal?
okay ur losing a lot of followers then bitch
I just woke up in the middle of the night  remembered that it was 's birthday!!!!
Happy Birthday Shay 
wale's im on one freestyle: Like B.o.b, got airplanes, not one J, got a pair or more gotta be one your shit to get that reference
Enjoyed hanging out with  again today.
Nice to meet  as well.
Thank you for making me and 's anniversary so special!!
She was so stoked everyone signed the book!
hey harry!
hows your day so far?
Rockies Tulo in this series:7 of 10 ABs have been flyball outs ...
6 straight going back to last night.
Certain places like Italy Ireland and places all around Europe
Hell of a goal!
Hell of a game!
I'm proud to be a Sporting KC Supporter!
Bird feeder is out.
It's officially spring.
pretty decent selection of beers on tap and nice staff.
Happy Mother's day to all moms  probably the toughest job there is!
Good morning beautiful people!
They say the more you laugh the longer you'll live.
Thanks to my friends!, I'm never gonna die.
Back to sitting in my room, watching the world, scaring myself on Halloween ...yes
FF dmdcawards finalists See you all tonight!!
thank you so much!
Means a lot!
Thank you for your continued support.
We sure do need it ;
But that Tebow kid, now he is an ELITE player.
I would love to join you but I am in session at that time.
If my schedule opens up  count me in!
Thanks for thinking of me!
My computer has decided its wants the day off!
I just want to load images into the database!
Use your Lunch break efficiently and get in and out quickly, 7 Lunch Menu 8 different sliders to choose from plus a side.
11 to 2:22
You still have time to get in!!
We have a new brand of Shutter that we are carry now.
Plantation Shutters Fort Worth TX.
15.99 per sq.ft!!
The first day of Spring feels like the first day of summer!
See Patrick Hammer's forecast
Lmao , so far its a good night .
We read a ton over the weekend.
What about y'all?
We love hearing what you're reading, from books to magazines to articles online.
Crazy mug
The library got a copy of the big historical coffee table book I worked on with the consultant over the summer and it looks pretty great!
Stop trying to take my freedom.
Always looking for potential camping destinations.
Thanks for the heads up.
I have already downloaded the National Parks App!
inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle is now available on itunes..!!!!!
Rtrt
oink, oink
I almost forgot i had a twitter account.
hi everyone
Up and at 'em.
Busy day.
Workout, the get ready for first game tonight.
Finally a night off of work though.
Just worked 8 in a row.
I left my heart in Indiana
Bro it's all to the good.
We got you!
Congrats on your Yotes advancing.
While I was rooting for Hawks, Yotes were better allaround team
the byrnes will be here.
Sorry coopers you miss out!
Chivas aren't as dirty and cheap as FC Dallas, but they sure are close
Why did the monster dye her hair yellow?To see if blondes have more fun.
Tomorrow is guardian training for the Honor Flight.
I'm already getting emotional!
Got the name of my veteran today.
So excited!
i hate when it happens
My man is shouting out all the woman that are true sports fans and I immediately thought of you :
Go after your past customers before you spend time and money trying to find new ones.
Reminder from Geller
By fire do you mean make the renewal contract so prohibitive that they walk?
well that was extremely unnecessary.
I agree.
I really think I would love to do that one day.
The antebellum homes along that river are gorgeous.
Refs blew the whistle as soon as Bennett went down.
So even if he fumbled, the play was dead.
Refs got it right.
Looks like we get to stay in the neighborhood.
Didn't make time for coffee this morning.
Poor choice.
Poor poor choice.
Congratulations, Baltimore: I like you enough to give Orioles some preferential treatment in my predoctorft fantasy baseball ranking!
Go Birds!
Portland dinner tonight with OrbisCascade crowd
I was walking from the living room to the kitchen, and the stewardess told me to sit down
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Abraham Lincoln.
Epic weekend in Denver!
Thank u so much for all the love and support, and it was so great to meet everyone!
it was your poison kiss that turned me into this!
You called it, Daigo
Shopping colleges  information overload  fun until your kid rudely tells you to stop talking!
Who's paying?
Bryan.
You simply can't imagine how legit it is to get a tweet like this from you.
Doublecupped coffees for life.
Hi Aubrey..I'm watching it now.
thanks.
seems like this needs a blog post on EMchat  what are your thoughts ?
upgrades are coming to the registration process.
captainins will be able to register players themselves.
Invites are no longer required!
So we lost every volleyball game but we all know that that wasn't a shocker ;D
what really is the most amazing app ever you get actual stickers I have already got 2 sets of them and when you
that's gonna be your walk up song
This is why soccer is the 1 sport on the world
Yes, we have our twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn  YouTube accounts added.
Having problems??
I'll vote for that..:
I love watching the Lakers lose...especially when OKC is kicking their aes!
Thunderup!!!
Lunch time
Y'all be too thirsty.
Thanks!!!
check out my page's cool new look.
GO DEEP, FREESE!
If one of my family members needed my help I would there ,NO questions asked.Period.
Stuck at home because hasn't plowed our street yet.
What's up, Bloomington??
Another day of work on this beautful day
As a PROUD Alum, I am offended at recent statements made by Dave Begel of in regards to UWM students.
RT : I like this whole Monday Night NASCAR thing.
Get Hank Jr.
In studio, let's cut a theme song and make it official
bottom of pretzel bag salt is the best kind of salt.
which makes it the best kind of anything.
me to.
Is this a realistic wish, or wishful?
In any event: Copenhagen, Ocracoke NC, Barcelona, Mykonos, San Francisco
what date
Governor to unveil state Centennial Balloon  press conference on Thursday  7am  Balloon Museum.
Yikes.
Wow.
Absolutely!
And you definitely need to see it ASAP.
one of my favorite places ever.
Love.
Damn good.
As everyone should
We Have Open MIC on Wedsday Nights At Club Jazid ON South Beach
its been a long time coming but i knew that it would come
MyPerfectGuy Thinks I'm beautiful without makeup, hair product, or super cute clothes, and that I'm gorgeous in a tshirt and natural hair.
Stay open to the movement of God in everyday things  things with our jobs, neighborhoods, finances, friendships, family.
And if you know of any bands that would like to be interviewed, TELL THEM ABOUT !
I did then she said 2 stop mentioning her in my tweets
ESPN is reporting former Norte Dame Coach Bob Davie has been hired to replace Mike Locksley as UNMs head football coach.
I'm thinking about hosting a meeting at work :D
Awesome that is just what I have been looking for!
I wouldn't let you eat the chip off my shoulder.
Whatever for?
Thanks bud.
Ebadi: we have to rewrite the history of war to a history of peace
I just noticed my 20oz.
says No Refills in bold on the side.
Like enough people tried...
My truck doesn't say No Refills lol
cool that's what's up what u do promote?
If a Chicken CAN speak it's either really possessed or is really telling the truth.
That ones kinda tuff...
goes round n round
What fucken hook shot bubba I just totally screamed
So tired, long day of meetings at corporate.
More meetings tomorrow then heading home!
Eh I wasn't really feeling today at all so I'm gonna sleep until it's tomorrow
Good morning people, coffee is made Breakie is sizzling, and we can do this!
A4: If tiger is back, PGA got a mulligan.
Need to come up with a plan to market sport without him while he is still around
stop it!
serious?
When's the book launch?
your welcome young lady!
Love worshiping with ?
His bro is pretty good too...check him out!
I want some to keisha!
And nae be quiet
RIP Steve Jobs  thanks to one of your inventions my life was changed.
You will be missed but not forgotten!
awww alex knows how to make me smile :
Same to you Elissa  we sure do keep in mind for our projects!
Attending The library's swiss army knife smart phone session.
Exciting
no shit snooki's getting cheated on!
Dime the metote Dana!
Has to finish 100 more pages of my book before the night ends...just going to keep reminding myself there's only a week left.
Avnet Integrated Resources ROUND2 INC.
Donates to The Nature Conservancy in Observance of Earth Day Initiative
RT RT : German rockers Scorpions arrive in Israel set to play Tel Aviv's Nokia Arena tomorrow evening.
why limit yourself to them, when they're obviously not limiting themselves to you ?!
Jkkkk I'm going to mayfest 
I cant wait until Cotto beats Mayweathers ass!!!
watching jersey shore and waiting for my boyfriend to bring me chinese food yummy!!
Coronas?!
Alright :
fingers crossed for your awkwardness!
you should use as the wingman...brah love.
Why is Brad Nessler lying?
Class starts in a couple minutes!
Live audio today!
:
Great pic of creepy plumber.
And the Homer will keep me up at night.
Theres always 30'of cobblestone between the carts and linoleum at Walmart.
Im 1/2 a block away before i realize my carts got octagon wheels
When a person says they will ask somebody out using a hammer i just get insanely creeped out and scared
Just as long as we didn't wake you!
me too:
Awkward on so many levels...
i asked you first!
I usually don't brag but losing weight is not an easy task and I'm so proud of myself for being committed.
I can already see results!
Whew!
It's a beautiful day in ATL!
I may go on a mission to find or
Apparently everybody had a good weekend.
Aw shucks!
Ditto!
I did tho?
I'm confused
Dear NFL Referees: Please note that penalties CAN be called against the Broncos and not just the Steelers.
Signed: The Steelers Fans
i never was mia
ATTENTION FIRE mister LAURIDOUS BOO BO...
HE SUCKS!!!!
GRRR
Hi Amigos Que HaciendoO???
Sitting back smelling the good aromas of home cookin and listening to some old school jams !yeah buddy!
I love It Girl remix with Jordin Sparks.
Love Jason  Jordin together.
Adorable: Beautiful JasonJordin ILoveYou 3
The SGIA Street Team will be giving away cool stuff next week  SGIAExpo.
Stay tuned to SGIAExpo for updates on when  where.
thxs a lot I was thinking of picking blue thxs
If Timewealth, how rich are you?
I feel really poor lately as I TRY 2 manage  Free up time in my life...
Monty's hair  sex.
Hahaha thank you for your reply!
I love THE DAMNED!
We're getting married on Sunday, July 25, 2010 in Maui, Hawaii...I've been doing most of the planning along with my mom.
Chris should be loading today.
Sometime tonight hopefully
Does David Amisterm live up there?
We love you too Austin!
Having already watched Richard Jenkins torture youths today, I'm in the mood for THE VISITOR.
Ryan Gosling didn't make it to the oscars this year!?!
One more thing we have in common...
Then you don't know neither Spanish nor French ...
GRRR .
Guys are people, I swear some girls think there hot potatos.
Just be tossing them around.
Nights spent typing papers
You can conquer any fear if u simply make that choice.
Remember, fear doesn't exist in the heart but in the mind.
Love  Spirit trumps Fear
Petite Petit paired with steak on a sunny spring evening.
It purple Friday today two more days till we stomp on them patriot clowns
honestly i dont care but DENVER WENT OUT WITH A FIGHT N DESERVE CREDIT
I love your tumblr!
THIS IS GETTING CRAZY
Aww, well, don't feel bad!
I don't have kids and I still didn't get to sleep in either : Maybe next weekend!
needs to dm me.
what a header!
Heading to San Franciscowood!
What do you think about the new Xbox 360 Update?
I stand waiting for the water to turn on on bathrooms often.
Only to find out I had the wrong doctorids.
We have grapple!
Tweeting song lyrics because they apply
Learner Centered: Exceeds Expectations
were supposed to be doing our projects
raw10 a Friends Uncle was sentenced to 125yrs.
He cried, Judge I cant do that time.
Judge said, Do want u can, State will help wit the rest
I gave up on twitter iPhone app.
Now I always use echofon.
More options.
Dont tell me that you're going to do something.
Just fucking do it.
I'll either notice or I won't.
IT WILL GET BETTER, HANG IN THERE.
The PURE Project from Brooks is good!
I'm running in PureFlow now  great light shoes for experienced runners.
Check all four!
awww looks like ur having a blast.
Enjoy!!!!
come I need
Haha, it was listed on my facebook info!
Kawhi Leonard leads the Spurs with seven points after the first quarter.
Howard has 9 for Utah, 2817 Spurs.
Love your bio!
doctornking my inspiration.
could you please tweet everybody go follow she is amazing.....
please I need followers...
they are realy good
where is that?
For my first tweet I want to wish everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!!!
bestsexplace the bed in clean sheets
thanks so much for featuring IKS on your and I share the sentiment regarding the labels!
Lol, very much so!
business what you do.
But when little girls try to emulate the perfect image that you put out there dont be mad when the parents get mad
World has more knowledge workers than ever.
Saying except for serious work tasks is a big exception...
Wearing my deer shirt today I better get some luck!
weather will be the deciding factor.
no raingood chance rainand it's a crap shoot
Now checking into the game...
Metta World Peace.
Hmm that looks alot like Ron Arrest.
Watch Girls on HBO, because it's really difficult to write modern dialogue that doesn't sound like two interns raping Urban Dictionary.
IT is TIME people, IT is TIME!
Someone's missing.
Where fore art thou ?
Should we send a search party?
nothing that i know of
RT : Dont ask for my opinion and get mad when I tell you the truth.
Real shit
Wishing you a happy earthday tribe!
No problem, I hope so as well!
After hearing what I heard today I needed to call my dad.
100!
That show with was ridiculously fun.
Honored to play awesome music with her band!
Thanks for following us!
I am : RT : Who is shocked that Nicki didn't take home best new artist?
ok : so how u doing?
How old r u?
Wat is the number of the hospital???????someone tell me please
I worded that so weird.
whatevas
I'm speaking today at the Josie Morris Odum Literacy Extravaganza in Inkster!
doctorving home after lifting was a horrible idea

oh good!
Glad to know they'll last that long.
Can't wait to unearth them!
My sister asks me the same question 7 times each time I give her the answer she ask the question again is the equivalent of stupidity
BITTER doctorNKENESS SETTLING IN
Video games don't make kids violent.
Lag does.
Exploring whit.li.
Interesting examples of social matching in api.
Now only if everyone were comfortable giving FB permissions
I must admit.
I didn't expect Apple to pay 10 bill in dividends AND another 10 bill in buying stock back.
Making changes to twitter with CD being released.
If not a follower, you're missing the cut and part of the change to twitter.
on my way to my last chorus concert!
this senior year really has gone by fast!
pizza and salad bar
I am never inviting my boy friend no where cause he laggs it too much  ugh.
what you got boy is hard to find, i think about it all the timee 
vice versa too that shit kill me
I wish I were there.
We actually have a sticker from them on our cabinet but we haven't been there.
Need tor rectify that.
Marathon Monday you will be the death of me.
Hey thanks for the tweet of my story.
Just saw it.
hi bby I love u my wife
Next up, ProQuest stages a blackout to cash in on Twitter chatter.
My alarm clock and I aren't on speaking terms right now.
omg the edge of glory just ended on one station, and just started playing on the other lmao
What up cus on the left side and thats Taylor gang or die...bang
We're already working hard this morning....
never a dull moment!!
what you mean naw fat head
Whaaaaa??
RT Breaking: AP: Apple says Steve Jobs has died
Why wasn't you in school today ?
don't think my fianc realizes that for the reception we have to pay per person, which is super expensive.
He's gonna freak out!
Wed.
night I will be guest performer at Cali Shaw's songwriter series at Scalo singing  playing originals!
Starts at 8:30p.
No cover.
Its freakin 35 degrees up in my room!!!
Im frozen
Once again, the This is Ed series from StoraEnzo has come through.
Great resource for designers of all levels.
What were you doing?
Nothing.
You were watching videos of Cody, weren't you?
...Yup
HI!
Can you give me a Shoutout?
:P Thanx!
Don't miss ALWC tomorrow morning.
If you shouted for IU you better be ready to shout for Jesus tomorrow morning1030 AM
...
I'm not doctorNK.
I have bad KNEES.
Ma'am.
You've just fallen face first into linoleum flooring...and I'm stealing your justifications.
So warm out right now...
Can't believe it
Workout done!
Now to shower!
how do I access archive for today's show, since ETT is now using livestrem?
Can't figure it outam I missing something obvious?
Forgot 2 share possibly most important thing learned at c21nonhuman so far.
Apparently Montreal is the ONLY place 2 get bagels!
What an incredible series of three saves from Craig Anderson.
Quite the goalie duel in Ottawa tonight.
Just saw sister at olive garden!
I can promote your new single to over 10k followers.
4 tweets a day 7 days straight for only 25 Save time let me do it for you
good 4 u
Stretch before you start any excercisewarm up your muscles.
Some people get a massage after exercise to get the muscles backin shape
Rick, Newt and Mitt...
If I felt like insulting, Larry, Moe and Curly, I'd refer to these Republican buffoons as The Three Stooges!
My roommate likes to talk about herself.
Um, aren't the Virus shows in the process of selling some such items for what is undoubtedly a good cause?
when u coming back to kc
haha you older than me, but I can dig it
Some days you get the oyster, other days you get the shell, but each day you can make a pearl.
Alexys Fairfield
Time to wash clothes..get popeyes and finish watching the game...
Sweet.
I'm putting it in the books.
this wednesday coming up...interview by Big Agency.
Is Lil wayne dead already..or?..
the best line since will work for food, vote for me
I can't see Scotty Davenport leaving Bellarmine but I think he could be very successful at WKU.
Um yes, that was me telling you I know without saying it.
:
I think I did.
She's a freak so I had to hold back....just to see what she do when she can't get that..I was right now where she at??
'.' if u follow meni would die ur my world!!
Follow me on twitter to please?!
It's about time I get a pedicure!
Give me something to believe in!
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation.
Mark Twain
We are introducing Whisk Reputation.
Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and social media strategy...
Would you be interested?
I am done with school
I love this one
I'm just a Holy Fool, oh baby he's so cruel, buy I'm still in love with Judas baby.
holy hat that was a serious
Hope you get your second and third winds soon!
serious changes in one small area can often lead to changes in other areas of your life as well.
:o it's really good!
:
Roast beef chili with bacon and white cheddar at  one of the best cold weather dishes in town.
Just wrapped up with Chauntelle Marie Loose  NoTies ModelManagement :
Can we please also agree on removing the p from raspberry?
how much was it in 02?
I was thinking like 3k for some reason.
At least in the 3ks.
That's more a 200 jump
Some people are just really mean...
its not needed....
Listening to stories of journalistic sausagemaking gives me the impression of truth as a threshold in a network of tropes
Getting back into the swing of things after an AMAZING vacation with my family!!!
Audition tomorrow morning after ASL!
It feels good!
:
getting ready to go to our neighbor's party with lots of alcohol and a rockin' band
G'night everyone!!!: 3
Agree!
: LOVE sharing TwitterVille w/ Grateful 
Happy World Book Night!
I live in a little town called Smith county.
Happy 88th Birthday to Hedgerow Theatre in Rose Valley.I was an usher there when I was just 14.First repertoire company in the US.
stay strong bro!
Missed my flight, but at least Laguardia is bumping jams right now at the terminal.
Committee members concerned over amount of exits, more parking spots may not solve problems.
ok...I guess it just wasn't in their lineup during the intro.
That's a relief...thanks
;D lmaoo i didnt even realize wat i did till now
o snap
So I lost 2 followers today during my livetweettreesearch.
Sounds about right.
Those that stayed, I commend you on your bravery.
ba ba ba ba baby Don't forget my number!!!
im sowwi i am listeing to my last cover by dylan holland ft peyton sanders
they be like can i get an amen!
hey what are you doing
betting?
More like sacrificing boxes of cap'n crunch to the gods of his arm.
I'm about to take a long nap since I'll b at it ALL night
Set out this morning with a goal to complete 2 of 4 flows for this project.
Nailed it.
It's weird, all my Exes are really nice to me...I wonder if it's because I'm a good guy or because I have photos of them naked?
Daily Report: Facebook Plans to Name Names in Fight Against Worm
Thank you daylight savings time for completely ruining my morning.
Another way I'm reminded I'm not from here.
Thanksgiving vocab in preparation for Turkey.Plymouth a city in SE Massachusetts: the oldest town in New England, founded by the Pilgrims.
It's the last day of finals today!
The library looks and smells lived in.
I always forget how horrible finals are.
Set my alarm for 8pm instead of am.
Woke up at 1040 and don't know how.
Worst start of a day in a long time!
Shit working like a slave and tryna maintain...
you been good???
Cringes when there is bumper to bumper traffic at 10:50 p.m.
Seriously!?
can you dm me?
NowPlaying.
Michael Jackson.
Butterflies.
Sent my Ma  Pa to concert for Mom's day  she texted me they're having a GR8 time!
THANKS LADIES!
winning
So Sad...
RT Official: 3 tickets share record Mega Millionsjackpot; winners in Maryland, Kansas, Illinois 
my older brother used to be an aau coach.
i'm going to buy it, read it, then give it to him as a gift...lol
...and I thought I was nuts with the amount of tabs I keep open....
Building starts going vertical this week
Only occasionally.
But the CTA isn't as scary as DART.
a week
Ugh I hate the creepycrawlies.
sure lol you took it hard!
Nvm..eating somewhere else.
Too full..ugh starving!
Lightening speed!
amazing Thanks for the call!
RT the people with the biggest hearts, always suffer the most
hes all the way in Germany so he's got it coming lol
LEAST susceptible: security tools; ERP CRM; office productivity
Hahahahaaaaa From: A Bitter That Manning Didn't Choose Us But Glad Tebow Didn't Either 49er Fan :
It's a pARty!.
He wandered into the room telling me his nose was stuffed.
I handed him a tissue, not realizing he was being quite literal.
TGIFFAO  Thank God It's Fish Fry At O'Lydia's.
hehe
Seeing a ton of short films and plays for the Edgemar festival submission process.
In the case of shorts, less is definitely more.
On the AirPlane now.
Scared AF.
Lol.
Bout tuu take off.
serial records are so fascinating to me.
Each one is like a minihistory if you can decode the crazy...
Should You Have Good Pricing or Great Pricing?
Should you have good pricing or great pricing?
Our first instinct is to have great prices
oh ok, I gotcha.
That makes sense!
OH: can I pee in my own butt?
lessambitiousgames Village of Warcraft: Mild Upheaval and Minor Destruction
SkinCeuticals Emollience...
Great for a White Christmas in Aspen to a doctor Christmas in Arizona!!
Be Belle
Ditto!
: thanks again for 2 amazing sessions today.
ilf11 fangrrl
At sxsw fit together panel
WonderCon 2012 is a wrap!
Thanks to all of you who stopped and talked to us and got to see what high quality 10 tees is all about.
thanks likewise sure ;
RT : Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
RT : The key to marvelous team performance is sharing a common goal.
Never been more proud to be friend :
ME!!
RT RT : How many of you are east coasters about to watch it??
I am grateful for Allen Ginsberg who fought censorship and taught me that you can really say it all.
He opened my voice.
Remember when had good prices?
nobody else can make me happier then this guy
jakes pussy ass is taking forever to eat.
did the Lodi one close?
That sucks.
I liked that place.
Looking for valuepacked products to teach you how to make big ,then visit the Baltimore REIA storetiny.cc/BaltimoreREIAstore
Missing Seth
Does anyone else fall asleep in class?
Vince Young signed with the Bills good for him, does anyone know his dogs name?
y'all senior prank won't be nothin though :p
queestion: about adoption of cut/paste/remix  will be incorporated
Milwaukee and WestAllis...Tomorrow is time for Brass Monkey 2's Christmas Party.
Music, Food, Booze, Cheer, All Day!!!
Integrated Motor, Accommodation, Sequential Memory, Fixation, and Directionality Vision Training Skills NOW integrated into Metro Math.
Good luck with that!
Another episode of Job Search Radio  live right now  www.jobsearchradio.com  meet job seekers and employers
not sure how we go about getting a ride on Artemis  but the stops in to Miami this spring 2012
Power is out in parts of Charles Village and Remington.
BGE says they expect it back on around 10:30pm.
Today is going to be a fantastic day.
Period.
Began THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN this a.m.
by reading the first 19 pages aloud to 5th graders.
Probably not sleeping 'til I'm done.
Charlie Brown
Sopranos still best show on TV
ha that is awesome!
At least you're manly enough to admit.
i wish i was the type of person to confront someone when something they do upsets me.
Watching Heathers Better than Mean Girls.
Lol
Good look for taken the time to listen mang...
I produce all my tracks also..
EveryoneHasThat1Friend......No further explanation is needed!!
We all know that one!!
Happy Christmas everyone!
Official count: 48 attended.
I think that's something to be proud of.
: That's 48 times at least 25 young minds!
what else is new.
Sadly execs in nonprofessorts are always bringing in that money
Gotta brain full of .....
Its cold o.0
Nothing says fun like a meeting to set office protocol.
I gotta get this off , hoping it goes smoothly .
If I could do a backflip, I would.
Just finished a major revision of my latest novel.
Time to celebrate!
Hello Columbia university!
The Orioles spanking the Yankees again....Nice!
you're not enjoying nyc properly if you're watching tv ;
you are so awesome!
:
Look at those double A patches.
I use to wear those patches for a long time.
Ha, Just seems so typical of current book industry that a title like that would get huge buzz and headline Publisher's Lunch.
Due to a power failure the WE location is currently closed.
is working on the issue and we will keep you updated.
wouldn't that be nice...
I guess that's really all on me.
BidFather.com will open its doors on June 26th at exactly 12:00 PM.
Register now and prepare yourself to bid with 10 free bids!
my mom said she will double my allowance if u follow me : come on, i dare u!
Homework as usual..
Good luck Girls On Track!!!
Hope your kickoff dinner is amazing!!
3 A
You are welcome.
Like your videos too!
4800 for a two week tattoo fundamentals class seems a bit excessive...
awesome!
Well not cause your arm but the ringtone is sweet!!!
bored bored bored bored.
uh...
he's already following me but thanks anyway...
love3
Were all the seahawk fans at poor saints wow they lost to the under dogs its like USSR vs the seahawks
Love it man....especially Eyenga's block on the Queen.
Taking a Staff tour of our rental sites in BoyleHeights  hearing awesome ELACC history from our VP Maria Cabildo!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Have a great day!
Yes, John Lauber at Cranbrook.
All the other boys involved remember the incident but ol' Mitt.
Imagine that.
we love to clean!
I don't wanna!!
Anybody ever tried Arbonne?
Just got some samples :
Going to Florida this April : ...hopefully
People have this need on SM to say I am here.
Whether it's a bagel shop or a museum.
Love to capitalize on hereness.
every time i say TUNCHI i get realy happy
Thanks and for the shoutouts!
Glad to follow you!
Toddlers and Tiaras 
7.I have two brothers.
On my way to Dallas!:
now there fighting jaxon has bit jasper many times his neck is red his lip is bleeding jaxon is a fiesty son of a bitch
I Wanna Go Sky Diving !
hehehe water ice...
You silly easterner!
Aren't you solo?
Oh Hootsuite, why are you dumb?
That was pathetic and self deficating, by the way, thanks to this is my new saying
Hope you enjoyed fake Midway zombie apoc.
Woulda went longer if my phone was post 1986.
xo
Hannibal won best club comic but got edited out, of course
better get me a nug on a frisbee or else!!
I'm pretty sure Glee has jumped the shark.
I know because Ralph Malph was on last night's show.
Everything I do is for a reason
hahahahaha what?!
Okay okay he better see it.
O.o
Change of plans..
I guess I'm staying in with the kid!
and have fun without me!!
Michael Blackson is one of my fav comedians because of his accent 
Thank you brother!
You came through huge for your teammates.
I'm a friend for life.
Anything you ever need, let me know.
FF great for ski industry related news and insight to Massachusetts' 1 ski resort
Electrolux PLHS267ZCB3 Refrigerator  The Kitchen Appliance ...
Playoff basketball in the triple A tonight!
Just because you THINK everything revolves around you, that doesn't mean everything actually does....
Ready for Friday!
wanna have sex
no worries Ma..
was gonna be real sad if you were all the way here and we missed each other.
chat this week?
Positive Thoughts Are Helpful, And Generous.Negative Thoughts Make You Lead To Stress, Unhappiness, Regretting Things.
Live Your Life Right.
Andoctors, thanks for your encouragement.
We need it!
Thanks.
I wish fast food restaurants served lunch food in the morning ...breakfast food is disgusting ....
its on North Lopez Street in Mid City
Just want to let you know Paralyzed will not get out of my spirit!
If you could feel what I'm feelin' then it's a musical masterpiece!
unless you don't have it off :
Yes, you do  there are some great edurelated conversations over there
I could care less...
DIEKMAN GOT THE WIN IN HIS FIRST MLB GAME!
Srry I barely get on
So many fail because they don't get started; they don't go.
They don't overcome inertia.
They don't begin.
W.
Clement Stone
OMM how did I not realize was following me?!?!
I have been asking him to follow me for like ever!
What the heck
i had such high expectations for Adam Lamberts new album.
hahaha.
it's funny because it's true.
bet thanks man
Common denominator came on shuffle, then after that Turn To You came on.
Skcksocioajcksjfieiif his voice.
Free shipping on all handmade miniature tile jewelry in my shop!
Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.Etsy.com
An hour until I can check in.
Of course my bag just broke.
10 days until warpedtour tickets go on sale at Vans.
;
Awesome keep us posted on things go for you.
HUNGER GAMES.
1 hour.
Can't wait to enter the arena with
BRO SOME ONE STOLE UR SONG!!!!!!
THERES A SONG EXACTLY LIKE YOURS!
SAME LYRICS!
PARTY AND BULL SHIT!!!!
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future
yikes  I feel for you
What is this traffic
you in today?
Oh man what a start to the day basement is wet after last nights storms and the dog gets sprayed by a skunk!
Let's hope the day improves!
not as funny as when I actually say HI JOIE
u have tht pierced?
:o
It's nice to be nice to the nice.
After 2 weeks off I am back in action!
Hope everyone had a nice Turkey Holiday with family  friends!
New VIP set coming tomorrow!
XOXO!!
Restaurant Week starts on Friday!
Come join us for dinner or lunch!
Slick Rick  Dougie Fresh!!!
depends on the player and if we get the 1 pick or not, but yeah I would.
He's exactly the type of SG we need
Facebook owns it?
haha stop swearing!
Sierra!
Love you Gurll!
3 Please DM me back!
Love you xoxo PLease Look at your DMS.
Hahaha yes.
RT : Like most things in life, the Keebler Elves are terrifying when you think about them long enough.
: Happening now: Lots of YPs, community leaders gather at RocCity Rising 2012 rocyps and ROC Superstars
: not really Conrad's fault that the Crew have been shut down by Suppan/Batista in the span of 2 weeks.
very true
lol yea whatever bro
Think about building apps that help librarians find people and connect, not just organize the stuff we have.
Love it!
what is niall eating:
Prod: It's so hot I had 2 pull my sleeves up Kenneth: u just want people 2 c ur muscles Prod: Yall c Kenneth hatin Roc: yo Kenneth y u hatin
U KNOW WHAT TIME IT IZ!
haha I like it though!
You can pay me in sushi!
;
Long ride home from Weston 
Gonna get a little bit sideways
The law on NRA lobby is predicated on the idea that white life is in peril in the South and that blacks/hispanics r dangerous.
Life is moving too fast for me right now.
sounds like a noble cause, indeed!
Cheesy Gordita Crunch  Waffle Crisp Mocha  doctoram lunch
Less than 48 hours away from Vegas to see fight.
I can't sleep too excited
Colton shouldn't have gone home
Why is it that we argue consistently with those we are closest to?
Lots of Brother Time come Monday...that's what's up!
I don't.
I only cast the roles that speak.
I don't know what a Demi Lovato is...
Mix round 1 is finished!
Keep your ears out for demos this week.
OMG Girl I Love You So Much !
Seeing a lot of anger directed at me from Athletics fans.
I'm sorry.
Can I make it up to you?
I'll sponsor a tarp in the Coliseum.
BEAUTIFUL MISTAKE dang it!
In bed: replaying conversations in ur head.
In shower: rehearsing conversations in ur head.
In person: speechless
I saw when you was talking about this wanted to ask but I know it's a touchy subject
: is 30 seconds too long?
wrote something up and its about 30 seconds.
that's perfect!!
had some crazily real doctorams about last night....
who's signing?
RT : I just got to go play with robots with science fiction writer Robert Sawyer.
They left Chalmers open like this bitch ain't making shit lol
Great, gotta go to the doctors tomorrow to see how my ribs are.
:/
Thanks for the S/O!
The yellow line is super close to the touchdown line
The DMV is a crazy place.
Lmbo  these ppl!!!
StratML Part 1 was recently submitted to ISO TC 171 for consideration as an international standard.
Lilys.
This is why I like radio
With the right people by my side anything is possible
Happy birthday !
:
so when can I go bet on horses while sticking a 20 into a slot machi...oh.
crap
Love the word Kerfuffle.
Don't think it's used enough in every day speech  major literary works.
We need a National Kerfuffle Day.
Thank you, hope you had a great weekend!
RT : true, i got it, thanks for your time
Happy International Women's Day!
Great young women's event in Point Loma.
I'll remember this day forever!
SAT word of the day: contrite penitent, eager to be forgiven
Our services speak 4 themself.
Can u do a conf call tomorrow?
Email us  THF We are now Worldwide.
your beautiful!
xx
Yard work with my Dadthis takes me back!
my mom did that to my poems cause she knew it would b the best way to hurt me.
she has disowned me now.
ha!
Your pic is hilarious!
lmfao, someones living on the edge...
Farewell, Seattle.
Goodnight,
NNNNNOOOOO GabeCarimi to the Bears!!
Damn it!!
It just is...I wish I could close it back up.
I've tried so hard to.
I shouldn't never reopen it to love...never again
Beautiful weather this weekend in California.
There is sunshine on the beaches and warm weather to get everyone outside.
Walked 2.76 today.
Wing still jacked.
claims this is worse collection of players than saw the floor most of last year.
Don't know I agree.
Still, pretty ugly.
why, do you have a 38 SW?
imma have to get some of that
We usually play at 8 on the tour.
So figure doors at 7 and we play 8.
I'll put u on list
Cece sing that song
Sounds like the good ol' days.
OMG I got my tickets to see you in Chicago.
I'm so excited I've loved you guys for over a year here in the USA
basically it's all your fault
Where to go for lunch.
Today.
that works too.
they do, but it doesn't mean I have to like doing them.
:
Come in and try our lunch torta special!
Carne asada topped with black bean salsa, avocado mousse, and cotija cheese.
Served with a...
Good luck!!!
La la la la Wait till I get my money right
I learned that everyone is beautiful from thanks girl!:
MUSES: I just figured out I have a new quirk!
if I am tipsy I want to CLEAN everything!
So hurry home and start with the kitchen!
LOL!
NOT.
Those two aren't at all alike.
And that seems like something you read an agreed with more than something you really felt.
I know I just did random ones haha
So will I.
Believe me.
But thank you!
:
hm.
Good, been better, but good.
:
why thank you pretty lady c:
Ham Sandwich RT : Guess what I'm eating
Would love to have you on to discuss your piece.
Studying all week.
Then BREAK ....
Yes :D Can't wait.
Hello Jersey Shore
Claim your blessings.
Don't let the voice of the devil make you change what you want or accept less than you deserve.
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Patterned  sparkled tights with a LBD makes a perfect holiday ensemble.
Im soo happy for you!!
xoxo i really wish he would follow me it would mean everything plz ask him to follow me:
Love you on Wipeout.
How about a retweet?
: That awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse to not hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home.
Wow!
Sagan is impressive.
True story : That awkward moment, when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them HEY!
But your hand hits the mirror..
Congrats on a solid series.
Keep doing your thing.
Curious being from NJ are you a big Devils fan?
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA AND Antonio DUDE CHECK YO TEXTS
Thanks Holli and Michael from Playboy Radio Swing for having us on air today!
We had a great time!
Listen to Swing on Sirius102/XM 102.
The City is hot today me like!
I usually store all my random thoughts on twitter.
I'm a few days behind.
I will dispense of them now.
RT : Don't settle
yes NBC 33 Facebook page and on their website;
: Wowza!
That's why you have the canons and I the .50 caliber....
I think the 50cals are ready for battle anytime!
You and Damien Marley make a great duo.
Several more hours of work to go.
I'll spice it up with some red wine!
I'm thinking a Malbec.
I doctornk deer blood with my sausage biscuits...
Waiting to get pick up to go to the movies.
That one is my favorite but the mangofilled Tangtopped is a close runner up.
Good morning and happy Friday to you all!
I'm craving chocolate strawberries!
we're looking for an outdoor kitty.
I saw one named morti.
So cute!
Its getting better
I would like to see the Help  Viola get one.
duhh he does ;
Good night!
Thanks!
I'm gonna try not to!
:
You gotta love those Chronicle ledes.
Off to dunks and to stand in a line for HOURS!
you ready?!!!
yeah i wish add me
Since you asked, I'll let you know.
The reason Oscar is so grouchy is because he's unemployed and lives in a trash.
You'd be grouchy too.
now I have to get back on it...
Hi sorry for the absence dad still in ICU getting things fixed on the farm in Mo.
got the creek fixed so we can cross in the car.
The doctorid that u have is the 1 jason had when him n ness started the doctorid/iphone war that they have goin on!
Lol
top 3 mid May, winner announced May 28 on Xtra Frame live from Summer Shootout in Chicago
Tried.
They asked me if I was waiting for Ingmar Bergman.
Apparently my Cool Irony comes across as Patient Sorrow.
Today 1953: Milwaukee Braves official debut in Milwaukee at County Stadium beating the Cardinals 32 in 10 innings.
Do you know of any similar films happening in the US?
Why did the boy become an astronaut ?Because he was no earthly good !
Cant believe i got overly doctornk last night...lol
A sign of business maturity is learning to delay pleasure.
Think about it.
GOD gives us opportunities but it is up to us to make the most of them!!!
Take nothing for granted!!
so if we do a colab shirt with Love Translates clothing who's gonna pick one up!?
Here we go.
Looks like we'll be homeless for about three months beginning June 8th.
Any StL peeps need house sitters in June or July?
Interested in going Kayaking on the Potomac this Saturday?
The offer today means we'll have to get there early!!
Quick: The Lorax or Friends with Kids?
Which jazz bassoonist did you discover?
Golfing with the fam :
Thanks for signing up with ZoomShift.
If there is anything we can do to help you out please don't hesitate to contact us.
GM.
We r looking 4 sales people that know what it takes 2 seal the deal all over.
Get 100 sale send inquiry 2
RT : AND margaritas...cheers!
: : FF : She was our very first follower on Twitter and loves Mexican food!
Ajua!
;
Did you know ?A National Centenary Task Team was formed whilst in all the Provinces and Regions to aid with year long
I know damnit it sucks.
Busy Friday for me / spinning at boiller room then libra loungee
How cool are you kids  amazing...
Miami Beach earlier, Calle Ocho now, later...
oh honey, welcome to my world.
CMON UP TWITTER IN THE NEXT 12 MINUTES!!!!!!
Ainge was college player of the year?
no worries!
I miss you too!
when yu get off?
You look awful
What happens after I tell you I like you?
i guess this is fail all the tests you can week for me.
I just want my mother to be alright
Black ghetto gay males are messy af, messier than these females.
haha
i have but you still love me when i ignore you
Then after the Smackoff you need to listen to
God only gives three answers to prayer: 1.
'Yes!' 2.
'Not yet.' 3.
'I have something better in mind.
while i dont mind not having a phone for a day now i gotta catch up on calls, txts, and notifications.
You cant turn a hoe into a house wife and You can't turn a bitter bitch into a girlfriend
ToyotaAztecTriviaTime: In honor of the Women's Bball team's victory today, how many total rebounds did the Aztecs have?
Include hashtag
hey XD sorry for not coming back.
I was tired
Congrats on defying on the odds and becoming only the fourth champion to survive the elimination chamber...
there's an Ollie's Bargain Outlet on Dixie Hwy.
I think it's like a TJ Maxx for auto parts and leftover holiday merchandise
people who dont take the past with em are doomed to repeat it...
Hm...
My cousin just ran into my boyfriend n the rest if the iconic boyz at longbranch!!
She's soo lucky but nicks mine soo
thanks cutie I love you lots sweet doctorams
Good luck!
Still love the soundtrack though!
count me in!!!: dude  we need to hang out.
It's been way too long 
Good morning world I'm sitting in traffic thinking positive thoughts
HEY GUYS!
DONT FORGET TO DO THE INFINITY NIALLER THING TOMORROW!
K?
K.
Sure was lol good times
The challenges on pt1 of finale were ber lame!
Sushi bingo?
Seriously?
Everything in my car is rattling.
I'm not sure if I want this to be an earthquake or bad struts.
eek.
Glad I changed channels  My Strange Addiction
so Obama is guilty of plagiarism?
is there no crime he won't commit?
/sarcasm
The Descendants will take Adapted Screenplay, because it won't win Best Picture.
Oh, I'm here in our Nation's cap.
Pretty bad when you have to hang Georgetown NCAA banners from the rafters.
I feel like Coach Norman Dale doctorving through KS right now, thinking about the smaller town and my future in it!
Beautiful day for a sail
SometimesAllAGirlWants is to just blow up twitter.
And this is why I'm not a fan of cats.
The end.
Gregg Williams should receive a lifetime ban from the NFL.
MADISON OMG
Nice morning stroll to my house fucking Australians
you won't?
today marks the 4th anniversary of and i love you
what about alternates/combat or throwbacks??????
Both the and the are keeping me up late with 3rd OT in one game and inning 15 in the other.
Change Is Apart Of My Life...
Don't Change Me To Be Apart Of Your Life...
hope you are staying cool!
good thing Austin indoors are well blasted with AC!
favoriteoldschoolartists The Four Tops, The Jackson 5, Chaka Khan, Stevie Wonder, The Spinners, The Whispers, Marvin Gaye, Gladys Knight
What's up
fine and u?:D
Michele Bachman is terrible candidate America
Strive for progress, not perfection.
What's your fav flavor?!
RT : Love my mix1 doctornk after a run totesamaze :
I hate car shopping...
now I gotta figure my stuff out
I could not be happier that this school year is ending soon 
She say I'm Cocky, I say that's Not me.
She call me Papi and I say Ben aqui
your bracket is busted!!!
Happy Easter!!
Love your family!
Got out of class an hour early!
Heck yeah!
Home sweet home yeEeeeee!
I can't wait to see it!
sorry they are using thomas jones :
Oh, Mockingjay...wow.
get some sesame chicken.
can't stop watching Somebody That I Used To Know cover!
its so perfect 3
I need to spend more time reviewing XKCD I think it'll help my doctorw something performance
RT Currently DYING at the library from someones wretched body odor with SMELLY NASTY NERDS ALL AROUND US.
thanks for the feedback man...
yea, I'm only puttin like 5 hours into these remixes..not like sometimes days on our tracks.

I don't need your stupid ship
Winning feels even better with these super soft, new fabrics for our Game Day Apparel!
Come by and see what we've just go in!
lol u got me on that one
If I see the hoodied cick in booty shorts.
I wont notice the ugly boots !
Belive that !
:
Requested May 26 off and June 1
Don't look so thrilled Arch.
is so dissapointed his real self dustin hanna wasn't cast as a fujifilm greeter for tomorrow
russell wilson is my sloan
Brent Albright is backstage.
He wants Kurrgan to know that they have some unfinished business together.
He wants a match next week.
today was so emotional .
I shot photos for and now they're famous.
Check out their music and dance your ass off!
They're good dudes!
Sex is easy to get, relationships are hard.
Good sex in a fruitful relationships that's a Tauruses master quality.
Okay, I'll stop now, but read the news if you want to know more sad things!
PackerNation is counting on that.
SLTP bring home that trophy!
so tired can't wait til I get in my bed I skipped nap time today
thevoice good show!
Like the new twist.
LAKERS get the last shot!!
sup?
I wanna be a porn star
Erickson credited Macias with heads up baserunning.
He was interfered with rounding second, would've been awarded third.
thanks, definitely.
One more to go today...
TY so much for the heads up on the Lady Dior palette...just ordered mine!
There are so many great gift ideas for the holidays, but this year try something unique  special, at Found on Fremont.
Teflon Craftsman Workwear Review and a 50 Sears Gift Card Giveaway on : bit.ly/soYZsH
Exploring our emotional wellness from a place of practicality and desirability how we really want...
Don't be afraid to tweet me questions I love talking to my followers :
the best graphic designer just now left with the ideas to summon the cover of Manga Books and Arcade Tokens and now the engineer is here!
Ha, yeah.
Especially since it was parked.
I swear, that chick was such a dumb doctorver.
Why speed on a 1 way street?
I don't know who I'd rather the Panthers face.
Flyers or Sens.
Both will be incredibly tough to beat.
I kinda wanted the Bruins.
It was a packed house tonight For American Bandstand night.
Next week is Guest night 2 for 1 special.
Thanks for the FF!
if only we could all be as good as you the world would be 100 no better!
None needed.
Hope it was a good trip.
Hey the greatest aka MJ said it himself: Greatness is measured by rings.
The World will always love you Whitney!!!
By popular request TwitterTeam taking suggestions for events to livetweet.
Thoughtful responses only, please
you should check us out, I came up with the app after my house was broken into!
Golf Realty Network Internet Radio starts on Oct.
5th.
Just Golf, Real Estate, and the Lifestyle.
No Scores, No Tournaments.
hmm even though my library won't?
I'm pretty sure we don't send our AV stuff out and about.
.
Hahah.
Sorryy, no new stuff going on with me.
Thank God.
I've had enough entertainment for the rest of my life
SUCCESS KILLS EVERYTHING...
A MESSAGE FROM STARBOYSTUDIOS
no can do with me.
just hoping to be able to catch more home games than the one last year
..what a week!
Our thanks to the amazing Scott Illingworth for some great workshops the last two days at I.R.T!
Under 25 of students aged 1624 volunteered even once.
Worth considering.
If nature, then it's a dice roll.
If nurture, does the institution nurture healthy practice?
I have no qualms about using my vehicle as a weapon.
MVP Ryan Braun tests positive for performance enhancement doctorgs and high levels of douche.
:As expected, Roy Hibbert got the least media attention of all AllStars.
He entered the room taping with a camera
Don't Let The Hand Youu Hold , Hold Youu Back!

lol not you too smh  is a MACK DADDY I see lmao
For every dark night, there's a brighter day
being so productive today
Birthdays was the worst days, now we sip champagne when we thirstay.
RT : Time to go meet my crew.
Let's keep building.
Thanks for the shout out!
I always wondered about that place...
Guys should learn from Mario,no matter where his princesses is he'll still look for her
Of course the one match I want to see on SurvialSunday is not being aired in the states.
So true.
RT : Weather is finally nice outside which means the newsroom is now FREEZING.
if you are a baseball player you are automatically more attractive 
I want to give Duffy the benefit of the doubt because of the wet ball but a walk per inning is no bueno.
The lightheadedness I feel from needing to eat dinner is propelling me to grade faster.
New strategy?
Ah!
Hi!
Happy mothers dayy :D
I dont play any two suited cards.
I play any two non suited cards.
That way I am doctorwing at two different flushes.
when you're not friends with someone anymore and you awkwardly pass in an empty hallway...
BeTheOneRespectedwhen you care about being liked UR willing to compromise on beliefs  convictions  don't stand for anything
WECelebrate Congratulations to our own Patti Massey, Woman of the Year  Entrepreneur category  we're so excited!!
great to hear!
:
Moving to Logan Circle...adios, Cleveland Park!!
Q4 LD measures at the impact level have 2 be reported by each initiative.
There can't be one set of measures that work for all.
Can it be March 23rd already?
It's a great contrast to have the oversized coats paired with skinny trousers
Titans doctorft WR Kendall Wright with the 20th pick in the
Amazing way to take the tour into your own hands.
Happy to see Cadel finally win it.
goaltending will be the key to victory tonight.
GoAvsGo!

The first interleague game was played on June 12, 1997 the Texas Rangers hosted the San Francisco Giants
:D Im good and still freak out!
3.
xD
Detroit Loins owner W.
Ford announces Detroit Lions are hereafter to be known as Detroit Loins.
I need a video for All About You!
Who do I need to call/text/tweet/facebook/instagram/send smoke signal/etc??
that's a classic 3000 song!
Good morning Boston!
How are you today?
RT : BREAKING  Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow; predicts 6 more weeks of winter
Thanks for following us!
Including visual time cues, like a countdown timer within the body of your email will provide customers with a realistic sense of urgency.
I've got a question: Did Amy Carter ever answer that question on nuclear proliferation?
Maybe thats the real problem...
Yay ...
Almost done with Evidence for the day!
I can't WAIT!
I'm no captainin save a hoe...
I just like helping women in relationships who have been in a rut...
Theres a difference
dsoc sla2011 emerging markets contain 84 of world's population  dsoc need to know forum
Thanks Don for the K on Klout!
Sorry so late about getting back to you!
We find you comforting RT : I find comfort food to be comforting
cheers.
Enjoy frisco
Sorry, been really swamped.
I will let you know when I'm free.
Hodgepodge of tv today.
Football, Tigers/Yankees, Ken Burns Prohibition, more football, and Cardinals/Phillies.
Now time for bed.
I hate ISD!
Great quotes from tonight: I like sucky Dirk.
And: Joey Crawford looks like the crazy guy from Six Flags commercials.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 87
Our junior designer just announced that she doesn't know who Dick Clark is.
Also: Who's George Harrison?
That show definitely rocked, if you didnt go you missed out.
Nice try :
Underneath my guard and the walls I've built to protect my self there is a down ass chick waiting for a keep it real ass nigga .
Thanks very much.
Our pharmacy has been here 81 years; we've owned last 55 years.
Some things never change, we hope.
I feel for ya Travolta, a Hooters server once claimed I was coming on too strong.
Service industry types will do anything for a payday.
Baby cakes 3
SAME HERE CHEAA RT : Wish I could be there
Wellcome all to tonights revideo chat  Topic Filmmaking equipment
Just got home.
Bowling was awesome !
so which lucky place are u celebrating ur bday at?
Follow the flag, my friends.
Hiking for Hospice Simcoe
BEAT DA PUSSY UP LIKE IT OWES U MONEY
Whoops  now the truth is out there in the universe  Know Thyself!
Got my new Sounders Scarf and bringing the daughter to the soccer game tomorrow.
Any other mom's going?
Bang 'em outta there, Brewers!
got an ipad yesterday!
JOE PUG, BALIFF, JARED KOLESAR  THE LOCALS!
TONIGHT via
Cabin in the Woods was great.
When will this Joss Whedon associated cleverness end?
that brick, that fucking brick slips, slides, falls.
Lookit them goats in churches, fucking bricks.
We have 2 Tecate  PBR 24 oz cans all day, every day!
Or maybe you would like 2 long island ice teas for 7........3 Tequila Shots!
When I eat every one eats , but don't make it so I'm feeding you .
Words from a true hustla
Seriously error 3003, I just want to play Diablo
you are very welcome!
Hope others enjoy your pieces too:
Hello LA, the duo will be playing lounge on 4/1  this Sunday.
Come out and show some support.
you're telling me i'm going to jail becuz i have a Twitter account...but you threaten me???
I LOVE YOU CARLALADY!!!
3 AND MISS YOU C':
Guess you probably don't need paleontologists since the animals we work on are already extinct...
;
I wrote an annotation for Capitol Choices, but I don't think I was included in the committee list.
Oops.
School got in the way of meetings.
My favorite songs are the ones where the singer exclaims yeah!
at some point.
Have you watched our new web show yet?
You should.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
It isn't exactly clear to be honest, but I have 4 phones that I didn't order.
Miss you too!
Will DM you about connecting.
?OTD  What do you need to do to start living up to your fullest potential?
like RT I see sunshine!!!
Is there a more overrated event than Derby?
happy belated egg day ;
can't wait to see you March 31st!
I don't think I can go to school Wednesday...Im gonna be way to excited!
lol
National Night Out is going on across many communities in the area.
A really good BLT and shared some fries with my daughter.
:
enjoy the vaykay!
Even individuals need to develop a brand for themselves ....
Whatever your area of expertise, you can take steps to make people think of...
RT : Free AtosOrigin 100 days to go Olympic Pin: What AtosOrigin employee was featured in the latest CIOMagazine?
gross.
Your poor eyes
oomf be on pure bs we was pose to been got up smh
I hope today's class will be chill I'm not trying to do a lot
I think it competes with Zotero's strengths  but it also shares many of Zotero's weaknesses.
I can send you a ppt if you want!
Pretty sure nothing makes me more stabby than dealing with health insurance.
No such thing as a simple answer
Liberals aren't socialists.
They're liberals.
Fortune favors the bold.
srry buddy, not my type ;o
Welp I know what I'm doing all day.
Delectably!
Perfect pairing with the coconut rice.
Loving February in
SNL SethMyers  Really funny skit Kristen Wiig Flirting  Alec Baldwin  American Airlines Apology not.....
: if someone would tweet me id make me happy hey
: I need to start running outside!
Have you run outside b4?
KSsynapse E.Scott: Using zebrafish to study cerebellar motor circuits.
Optogenetics easy here b/c transparent animal  easy light delivery.
Rush Limbad didn't just cross the line, he swan dived over it and splattered into an empty swimming pool.
Shameful.
RT : VOTE TOMORROW.
: Shout out to my sister for these cheddar biscuit from red lobster?
You are welcome We hope you will join us 5/24 for another creative conversation.
More details to come soon!
hmm nah ; you know i love you more so dont even try to beat me haha aaw remember our family me and you jason and angie oww
Ugh so annoying .
Ugh.
So miserable today.
Why couldn't this crap happen while I was unemployed.
Just moved my aunt's car...
I need a sessionbeerday partner.
That wasn't a storm we had tonight!
It was just mother nature PMSing
All in all, I'd say I was productive today.
That's also not taking into account that IE derped as I was writing, forcing me to start over
Anxiously awaiting my internship placement for the spring semester...
browdown is just a joke...BBN is what trends b4  after every UK game...that what ul tried unsuccessfully to do last night
you welcome, thats new hairstyle?
nice :
TWO BAD BITCHES, AT THE SAME DAMN TIME..
No competition, just point of information.
;
just made me cry!!
I'm use to not being good enough.
Coming Friday: Johnny Depp brilliant as Barnabas Collins.
What can't this guy do?
It's national sibling day and my lil man is abazillion miles away :
Woop!
Thank you!
Allnighter?!
i get up to go to the bathroom and then the dog wakes up.....
Nice haha
Once again, my inefficient mosquito prevention methods make me wake at an ungodly hour and write.
Don't worry, no malaria or dengue here.
ItSeemsLike Our boys in our generation be on some scary shit like use guns.what happened into your fist being yo weapons?
Happy Fat Tuesday.
Look it up.
PETA ruins everything.
so can I come stay with you In la soon
SIR, YES, SIR!
way to seize your opportunity this year.
Great coaching and great team!
Was fun seeing your team play and win.

Whats up..not sure when I'll be back in DC but open to come...
What did you have in mind w/ the school?
MUCH appreciated!
Big things coming out of Colorado and couldn't be more excited to get this thing started ;
lulz  because a republicrat in blue is so different from one in red...
RT : We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
George Bernard Shaw
Sorry for the late response, twitter was down earlier.
There was an auto accident with a fatality.
Making jello beans!!!
Heading down to AC after work to celebrate Daddy's Bday.
Dinner at Chelsea Prime Happy Birthday Daddy!
Love u.
XO
Just saw a Lamborghini Gallardo race a Porsche 911 in a tunnel!
So awesome.
Retweet via Get hyped for 's Zilker Park performance happening in two months by checking his last performance in town
It's hot in here!
if I showed up that might even things out...
Are you a Surger...Or, Are you a Merger?
Are you just in geek heaven?
I'll be cheering for the Rangers rest of the way.
DC is my hometown, but I chose NYC for a reason.
Congrats Rangers, earned it tonight.
So excited!!
hacking the news panel about to start sxswi.
the computer language of the programmer meets the press.
prepare for nervous laughter
Yeah I saw him last month!
will do lol
Absolutely...
problem is he's so logical that he doesn't get enough attention.
These days, sanity and logic are ignored.
The equivalent winning streak for the Royals would be 350.
Hmm.
That's a possibility...
I'll talk to you this week about it.
doctor Kenneth Moss: are you living your mission statement?
Kristina Leinwand named outstanding student at Adelante Healthcare at
What would you name your horse?
Me?
Wobbly McTrippy, Jockey Crusher, Speed Freak, doctorveThru, Pippa's Bigwheel.
I think I'm going to go to Tres de Mayo, too.
People buy twitter followers?
That's like paying someone to hang out at the lunch table with you.
Awkward.
You're bringing the bouqets, too, we hope.
when are you back in KC?
Predominantly inattentive type ADD is often overlooked.
not at this time, but thanks for thinking of us!
Your Thesis title is much more intriguing than mine.
Cool of you to share it as well.
Congrats!
when people tell me that i have picked an awesome lotion for them and help them the best i can and say thanks ....
make my day!
tired as a mothafucka
Margaritas at the Rose Bowl tailgating for the spring game...
TakeThatFrench!
QRCodes are easy to create.
Add a VCardit's complicated.
Version 2, 3 or 4?
Which reader works?
Need help?
You must've been on hallucinogenics ...
underrated for how evil his old fat ass is.
You'll have to wait for Howie to get his interview to find out!

I have my sources.
Haha.
Check out the Facebook Group called Survivor Whispers!
Jonathan Penner is also returning next season
looks like at 5:30 in front of registration.
I miss my ex roomate;
If it doesn't break your heart it isn't love, if it doesn't breske your heart its not enough  Switchfoot
Pardon us, we're experiencing some API slowdowns at the moment.
We'll let you know when things are up to real time again.
MR
We are either getting Anthony Bennett, or he wasn't ready to lose 10K Twitter followers.
Does anybody know where I can find a running shoe store in San Antonio that will actually help you find the right running shoe for you??
You must be a big fan of cheese...I never knew:
and that's racism on either side of the fence,people are people without them we couldn't live.
Haha!
Novel concept, right?
RT What do you mean 10 minutes to myself?
Salute to Jerry Sloan.
One of basketballs coaching greats.
It was a great run.
lol I love when that happens!
If I didn't already have a job I'd work for you!
You're one of the best cc/
Car battery died!
UGH!!
Hansons fg attempt looked a bit like your golf swing.
I can't even blame the iphone for that one.
On Sunday April 1st, Gabby Brianna will be in Washington DC.
Please come out if you want to meet her and take pictures/autographs.
Okay d;

since you say gov''t doesn't create jobs, why are you asking for a 250 increase for corporate welfare?
Today, that kid who's been making a lot of noise down in the minors will be on the mound for the Yanks, Andy Pettitte.
Saw you.
Wanted to jump in.
We really should be roommates.
LOL.
DO NOT let me out of traffic school this week.
No matter what I say.
Those newspaper kids just HAD to call me out of class today.
merp.
I'm bumming and feeling like crap.
For the 2nd time in less than two years, house leaks have destroyed my comic book collection in different rooms no less.
Supervillan plot?!
Can't wait to be off work.
.
your soul is haunting me and telling me.
that everything is fine.......
Well hello.....
That pic needs a captainon about shoplifting colostomy bags.
about an hour to kill before heading to a soul collage class.
Might as well get
RT : Stand up and walk out of your history.
Phil McGraw
This kid is on point with the math skills
i remember the good old days with white zombie and pantera at summerfest..what a shame theres no good hard rock this year at the marcus.
Who's going to play Charlie  Ivy or Karen???
I won't be impressed with technology until I can Download food.
Lol.
Yeah you rite!
RT : Looovvving my new wardoctorbe.
I looked pretty stylish today at :
Just heard traded Franscisco for a pitcher.
Therefore I'm assuming that Franscisco is a belly itcher.
Black Keys Sinister Kid!
Listener Q: will new conservative UT owners bury occupysd coverage?
Journos: probably not.
From meeting.
Thanks for the follows
Happy Mother's Day!
Even a true artist does not always produce art.
Carroll O'Connor
she's my future wife ;
RIP Donna Summer we loved your songs and will never forget you!
Yeah, I read all about it in the Chicago Tribune If you aren't talented enough to work there, at least you try reading it
sam johnson17091784 the chains of habit are too weak to be felt until they are too str0ng to be broken.
left for you.
I already graduated at the ending of march.
Ahaha.
School.must really suck komally
wowww that's crazy!
Your heart have anything good to share?
RT: When your heart speaks, take good notes.
beforeigotsaved i was a professorssional at cursing.
stop on down to the Madison area after for a beer with my golf league buddies and I!
I'll buy you a
RT : When you're creating your own shit, even the sky ain't the limit.
Miles Davis
Checking out the NFL experience today with my daughter.
Yupclearly designed by engineers.
RT : I hate SharePoint with the fire of 1000 suns.
Lots of features, impossible to use.
I do not understand some people..
Where is the Atari Baby cover that a dozen artists should have covered by now?
That's cool.
What got you interested in this field?
I was a fool for thinking that things would be better this time.
1 more minute AH
tragic as they s tole cash and computers of this noble school
SillyOfMeToThink That She Was real : 
I love honest fans ...I mean why Lie right?
Hazelnut coffee is one of the main reasons I wake up on time for work every morning
Yeah, It's a good link..I use it to watch CurrentTV.
They have some good  interesting programs on there.
Cheers!
Congrats on the music!
I'll be able to say I knew you when.
that is amazing!
: i love that
If I ever become needy or demanding please feel free to slap me in the face
I get so annoyed when noisy airheaded girls come on the train
Cant wait for Summer 3
Invite Sara Niemietz back!!
Or, invite Madilyn Bailey, or Jess Moskaluke on the show!
when/where is the turkey trot?
Glad to see the VinylCasts are landing in peoples mailboxes.
Can't wait to get mine.
Thanks for the hard work guys, especially Q
Had a great time in New Orleans speaking for yesterday.
Thank you for having me!
Send Congratulations from the Redford MI Jaycees!
Scrabble, homemade spring rolls and wontons, and removing Grandma's moles as a family project.
Yes, really.
Just another Thanksgiving day.
The first week of December our club is going on a wine tour
Further, if I'm an internet bully, how is it that I was the one repeatedly shouted down?
.
just told me about a bug and I told him to Radar or I don't want to hear it.
I'm practicing!
rocked out to third eye blind on the way to work this morning.
It's going to be a good Monday!
;
Chris Young talks about his new album, NEON, and going on tour with Jason Aldean, in Artist Audio this week!
Up now on productionvault!
Brush up on your skills at this Art Gallery!
Shauna shows off her creative side at the Oakland Museum of California, Sun  6:30pm.
And JUST LIKE THAT I'm back on board as a Bucks fan!!!
Hey ....thanks for feeding the us the goods ...
new Bunz blew us away...thanks crew
Thanks for the follow Andoctorw  hope all is well.
None of us have any musical talent...besides the recorder :
Indiana is now leading the nation in providing minority students access to advanced placement classes.
Tminus 1.5 hrs away from the !
Cruise on down to Sam Houston Park at 1100 Bagby at 3pm today if you wanna ride!
All these damn movies about love can really make you yearn for it.
I wasn't trying to fudge him into the Hall.
Perhaps you cld help me insure what I am tweeting is correct he deserves it
I'll be out of town on the 16th  long weekend!
but thank you for the invite!
how much did u get?
I already feel small
dude where the hell did last week go?
Actually, it's the Barnard earrings we'll be needing.
It is the crown restyled as a tiara.
Hello Reno
Free show at tonight.
String band, the Barley Brothers takes the stage at 7:30.
check out the Jambazi/walapit events page.
They're dope!
No problem : Hope you're enjoying your vacation!
Defiance is funny : RT Im no longer an Aries, Im a Pisces...
:O stupid Earth You aint supposed to wobble!
CA has 9 of the top 10 cities with dirtiest air  Jared Blumenfeld EPA.
I love you love you LOVE YOU:
had a visitor at last night's game.
So, hopefully he'll sign before the game today.
A rising tide floats all boats seems more felicitous than raises all boats, no?
Even though the boats are floating anyway, presumably.
Our 2012 Oscar snack is Tinker Tailor Soldier Fries.
They're loaded...with suspense!
givebackDetroit MT : needs helpers 4 Social Media Team.
Who can help?
Just told that Indiana is high priority!
already on fire!
If you keep responding with Crystal after someone asks you Are we Clear?
Please, stop doing that.
It's lame.
Signed, Everyone
GO2 oDESK and apply for the jobs available in the field of entertainment with P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS an d P IMAGE
museums must share  educate AND preserve
thank u......were do u live
For sportsmen, tourists, and others who spend their time in the open air, Mastiff cut plug smoking tobacco is absolutely the best.
Weather improving in Belgium since we arrived...thank goodness!
11:11 IS MY FAVORITE SONG!!!
I LISTENED TO IT ALL DAY!!3
There are so many other things I'd rather be doing than going to my job today.
This has been one of the more terrible nights of my life.
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Lord Tennyson
MavsHeat, again ...
dumbest basketball fans in the country on both sides.
Quick breakfast with at !
maybe replace work ethic with willingness to get things done
Today the Heat start 20
Well, Wilbon says re: Lawrie I would have done the same thing Wowsers.
Thanks for including me in your Daily News.
Good stories today.
Steve Papa of Endeca SVBCEO Because it was the Internet Bubble, it took 3 days to raise 1.5 million.
Sorry Aaron.
I thought you would understand.
That kinda sucks.
:/
got jameer nelsons autograph yesterday!!!
i feel acomplished .!!!!
the allstar jam session , i love you !
RT : I'm cheering from the baseball fields!
Keep me posted.
/ we are down 4 at the half 2319.
Announcing Fresh's Social Media Day, Saturday, March 3rd at CenturyLink Events Center: fb.me/HGlxfvuN
Congrats to Robyn Bagwell she won the trip to Miami!!!
BGCREunion Pop Off Pop Off!!
You say you want me to tell you about who I like but when I do its like you don't care.
But if you told me your problems I be there for you.
RT : Nights like this make me love my neighbors!
So tired.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow!
i dont like chocolate milk, i will try that with a cup of tea though.
are you working tonight for Greg?
I need a golden ticket seat Monday.
I'm a trucker passing through from TX to FL.
That yellow on is amazing.
I am in need of buying a car...even if I may only use it for a couple of months.
Can't wait to see your son with the Ducks over the next few yrs....
Trying to write abt users' relationships w/ discovery services as against their relationships w/the library.
RT So I really wanna go to that Mass Soul Train line in Time Square at 4pm.
Did the Hawks show up, or did they send in the local high school team?
Im not sure why nancygrace assumes whitney was murdered???
Wtf?
Any success stories of serverside rendering with OSGi?
Any good frameworks to consider?
Current options seem...
forced.
That's the irony, I literally just took the otter box off bc I wanted to play with the phone as is.
We all had a wonderful time last night at the Edgar Awards!
i've found it very hard to reason with anyone named Irene...go figure.
Ben and Jerry are some of my favourite peeps.
I hate when people use that word!!
Business casual professorle photo?
Does such a personal presentaion promote your brand?
It seems risky to me: all downside in the image game.
Crushing On Some1 You Know You Can Never Have /.:
Wait, you're not still an undergrad?
I could have sworn you were.
Ticket Oak is freaking creepy
Eating..
On The Way Out East!
My hair is A mess!
is hiring!
Musts: strong retail experience, an eye for creative merchandising  a love of libraries.
Tweet them!
JSYK, Nice is nice, but that is not how the city's name is pronounced.
;
is gorgeous in her avi.
And by the by if I sound like a mom ...it's by accident.
Although I do get practice with my cats.S
It's time to plan a vacation.
That guy is a joke
being addoctorssed as sweetie and sugar by random men really grating on my nerves.
The Little House?
hello.
I love you/
ok : hope u get them done so fast it seems like u did nothing :
Omg i hate to sound pushy...
Lol got nothing to say?
Aww that's too bad cause you liked to work that mouth before I called you on bull
My brother is so mean to me
Ahh substitute teachers, how clueless you are...
Don't listen to music when running Weird how music u would not listen to can become your friend.
You are so pretty!!
:
FAIL.
Other fail was not calling me to play Just Dance!
wah.
Whoa!
lol RT : Went from ashy to classy isn't it funny Biggie's death falls on Ash Wednesday.
G.M.N.I.: Has that baby kicked your ass yet ?
do you know any effective programs to help reduce loneliness in teens with autism?
follow me then
Thought u was a bad bitch I was wrong
haha thanks no more tweets to me twitteroff babe333333
Walking my dog Truman and whipping my hair back and forth.
It's NFL Sunday, go Ravens!
Sent!
Thanks.
becauseofjustin i yell at my friends BELIEB when they say believe.
:
Cinco de mayo is my favorite day of the year, and it's Saturday, and everyone will be at derby while I'm working.
Oh well
Happy Thanksgiving in 2010!
Why is it alsoo so cold on the bus
We Launch our KickStarted video tomorrow.
Go to the Site and check it out.
Bitches going to be getting fucked tonight
omg.
I never did anything to you!
Your just like crazy!
Long wait for beard maintenance.
Should have made an appointment.
omg im watching a scary movie and im about to scream its soo scary!!!:0
In New Mexico, says , there is a law forbidding homosexual partners from marryingbut there are no laws against raping animals.
My dad seriously just made and I's night.
What an awesome guy.
Lol
This news is just disappointing...
strictly my opinion based on my personal knowledge of s character is all.
i'm on Tweet Limit x :ILYShawty3
Ok I'm officially hooked on twitter y am I always so late , mattr fact I'm good on fb :
What happened to Wade yesterday?
Don't think I forgot!!!!!
Go head wit all of dat
They come, they come to build a wall between us....
Love that quote.
Reminds me of her essay on Lakewood.
ThingsIwantTheMost to wrestle again
Avatar Aang is also a vegetarian.
Yeah, cool.
I know.
:.
Our pleasure.
As you know we are passionate about accessibility
Thanks for Following :
The next time comes out to Cali he should have me shoot something for him!
Ugh.
Can't wait until baseball season so we have WI sports on almost every night.
he will get over it.
Hes a mommas boy
We better see this kid.
Imagine how it would feel if you were preparing for the most exciting week of your life.
What would you be preparing for?
you should see 's fantasy setup.
90 moves max, no waivers.cokin was picking up guys at 11:58 new years eve.
Maniacs!
omg can't wait
Seriously mom make up your mind.
we looking at a trap game tonight fellas??
can I get you to look at my site?
I am a baseball artist another good gift for a baseball fan : unforgettaballs.com
Car iPod on random and Will2k just came on, reminding me I did, in fact, have a sense of humor in 99.
umm...i'm just guessing haha x hope it's true
NOW they have Yoga when I've moved far far away
Hope you 3 it!
that was gonna be my guess you didnt let us guess u just told us the answer
...if C's, Heat  Lakers ALL lose in round 2, the riders gonna start rocking that shade of Thunder blue...
Its a grown man retard thing
U mirin?
follow him!
Very exciting, Jean!
Good luck!
Tons!
Will DM you some links.
Holy Cow!!!
Agreed!!
Big improvement.
: car looks great team 10!
Excel Macros!
Haven't touched VB since my rookie days at
haha for batman!?
Funny.
I get the same feeling when I think about him.
Santorum says Separation Of Church And State Makes Him Want To Throw Up
:O YOU NEVER HAD SUBWAY!?
get his girl subway asap!
; 3 Haha
Get your NBA and NHL playoff package at a discounted rate here!
Happy Martin Luther King day!
Only on camera.
.
Yea man.
I wonder what was on his mind
I'm there.
I'll holla at you post lizard
RT : Thank you to all the pla12 tweeters, I have loved reading all your conference highlights here!
Agreed!
Without a workable ipod in my truck, I am thankful everyday for And I could write a dissertation on Springer Mtn.
Farms chicken.
I sure would.
My 12yo read the books, but after seeing the movie, I'm a fan and will now too.
Great movie!
A Woman, A Gun, A Noodle Shop, The Warrior and the Wolf, and now Sacrifice.
Is this the death of the Fifth Generation?
Shit get real
Thanks for the follow!!!
Def always good to be yourself  Hope you have a great day
and THAT'S why I follow you
The guy at 711 is gonna hate me, I just pissed in his clogged toilet and almost overflowed it haha I can't help it I had to piss BAD
Did you know it's National Rum Day?
Might have to stop in for a Mai Tai tonight.
I have.
It's wet.
Oh lord, the best is Edward Gorey and his big teddy bear.
So freaking cute!!
Thanks for sharing that.
RT : We need EVERYONE at a HIGH ENERGY LEVEL Tuesday.
Leave work early if it means you will be rested.
there's a really cool plantation flat with some funky construction elements  ask Kevin
19 people die every year from unanchored soccer goals being blown over...
A statistic made up my Reeds.
in your doctorams....
and itll probably happen
Dear Lord please let my Tarheels win so I can go to NOLA  see my best friend
.
is showing their awesome 3d printing capabilities at on the 2nd floor
MovieFriday: Eddie Murphy is back with A Thousand Words.
Will this be his comeback or an EpicFail?
i digress
Back from vacation, I love Rockin' the big ol hairy Fox!
Congrats Chad form Concord ..
VH tickets.
5:45 for Buffett!
no problem :D
sometimes i like to stay up late to tell you good morning, i dont regret being dead in the morning, because your worth it.
It doesnt take a lot to admitt you've lost it takes a lot to realize you have given your best and then you give up to just end the battle
NO DISRESPECT TO TRAYVON MARTIN...but how can y'all rally for someone y'all don't know...innocent people get killed everyday...
The CrossRealms tealovers are celebrating NationalCoffeeWeek coffeesocial with one of our favorite IT clients :.
I understand the 2012 Cinco De Mayo festival is May 5th, but can't find location, details.
Anyone?
Why is it that when a friend snaps a picture saying look sexy, all I hear is look like you have chronic wasting disease.
yeah you were trying to figure how one man put up all them Damn posters.
And you made me part of the realdjs LOL
just kickin it on a Saturday evening enjoying life.
How u doin
Porter: Yes, I don't think we can say we speak for all College or Batten students.
We are divided on ideological lines.
Let's get more info.
Ex's smh
What do you want to see from ?
Make a suggestion in the form of a mention and if we use it, we'll mention you.
Thanks!
Glad to find and follow you and on twitter  keep up the great work
Is anyone out there braving the crowds this Black Friday?
Did you get any good deals?
just buy a Hurricane from Pat O'Brians after the Lions big win on Saturday night.
All will be forgiven.
The only thing uglier than UW's play right now is Oregon's court.
Looks like Sasquatch took a dump and smeared it all over the hardwood.
im great its one of those barely rolling out of bed mornings lol
ALOT OF ANYTHING IS NEVA GOOD...
SO FUCK IT, DO IT ANYWAY!!
AMBITION'
Evidently doctorp Dead Fred has stolen my diet coke...according to Sophie!
Out trying to handle some business....
they said that Madison had the same doctorss as you for homecoming  then I just said yeah,  looked away.
I wasn't talking about her
Having no television, still caught up with commentary from GoldenGlobesMaven,
me to!
Fresh Idea: Smile at someone or even yourself.
Pleasure meeting you and You guys did awesome!
Thanks for sharing your stories at the
Happy Mother's Day I hope every mother has a blessed day today  everyday for that matter
This is the year everything comes 2gether making it THE best ever, unless there's any truth to that Dec.21 2012 rumor.
Then not so much....
So Excited !
I'm Going To Be Featured On The Michael Baisden Show Today!
:D !
3
I'm god, you?
More de Looz: Intuition is something everybody has  meditation is a great way to develop it.
Finally thawed out...
says I can't say lovely things about him without giving him a raise.
I say, just did!
It ain't the first time someone said fuck you to Me.
Ain't the first time I gave my all to a person and they said fuck you to me.
Looking forward to seeing the POWER GUYS in the AM  Nat's.
Don't be late KK!
I GONNA MAKE YOU BEG FOR IT
Its some real women in the building..
AMEN  there is a lot fake niggas in da city..
AMEN GN Fakebook
There's someone for everyone
Skipped out on a weekend trip to mich..
Friends all coupled up.
I'm noticing a pattern here..
It is what it is.
Much Metta to glutenfree options!
Limiting gluten intake may help boost one's energy levels.
Happy eating!
:
We wish all of students on break a safe and relaxing holiday season.
Merry Christmas!
so not to avoid a repeat of the bobble heard 'round the world?
RT : loll huge line of confused looking teenage boys outside the tux rental place on main st...
Recyclemania!!
Cone Ballroom today!!!
Yummy music and food and info about, um, recycling on campus!
Idoctors Elba is on The Office!
LOL I keep thinking of Stringer Bell when I see him
text me and tell me.
:
Thanks babe ;
Heading back to the press this am after a week of travel.
StillWishingThat maybe there's some hope in Us...
Well my bracket looks like hell...thanks Duke!
GUYS, there's a new Harlem community garden.
RT : He should teach RW1.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something tody that brought tears to my eyes.
He said, No hablo ingles.
90sareallthat nothing beats the old 90s shows.
thank you for bringing them back!!
then stop telling them shit thats prolly not even true.your so fucking fake!get over yourself.the world doesnt revolve around you
Love puts the fun in together, the sad in apart, and the joy in a heart.
I need 6 more followers to reach 300.
Shout me out!
Fantastic!
Can't wait to have you!
RT : Yay!
You're def on my bucketlist !!
How is everyone enjoying today's weather?
anyone been to a football game in Norman OK, tips on where to stay at least the general area?
Storify might be an incredibly great idea to promote an event...thank you!
No, ABC will not beat CBS.
But the fall schedule has many promising elements.
Thanks for contacting us!
How great your suffering may be, there is redemption waiting for us all.
haha I always hated if I missed some kind of tweet milestone!
I jus hit 9000 last night
Thanks for the heads up.
We will make sure someone gets out there to take care of it.
Important game in NBA tonight: Knicks vs.
Bobcats.
If Knicks win, they'll face the Heat 1st rd, Bobcats need win to avoid worst record ever.
make wesley snipes look light skinned
Beautifully ingenious!
haha I wish I woulda stayed up!
But I knocked out when I got home
you're cute as fuck.
Obama is the strongest president of my lifetime.
Americans' shortsighted votes have filled congress with ignorant demagogues.
eBay classifieds?
Who would have thought.Watch out Craigs List.
7 more days YES
i saw this...u did not have my permission to post this lol
Smart man.
New Jersey Shore Tonight, !
My spirit animal is the majestic armadillo.
Great or not, Community is YOU.
The thought of the two being separate is nonsensical.
You Sending Me One Word Txt So Im Not Going To Entertain This Convo....
: you're on my list!
.
just voted to protect tax breaks for big oil.
Protest Brown's Big Oil Bailout TODAY, 4PM  South Station
RT I hate when I'm eating cereal and the last 5 pieces are like You can't catch me!.
im bout to call my sis
Papa John's going to eat it best pizza ever
The Cooling Misters are BACK  the patio is 10 degrees cooler with a refreshing breeze!
Come check it out!
Bill Murray lookin old as dirt at the game tonight.
Love that guy
I love pop culture and celebrity gossip but Brad and Angelina getting engaged is hardly breaking news.
haven't been on twitter much.: sorry babes.
If undergrad me knew how much time grad me spent in the library, she'd be disappointed.
She'd also have questions about my hair.
I went from a kiss on the cheek to doin the nasty.
one of the best finales to a series.
Makes me cry every time I watch it.
Notice in the 2 Pens win no goals by Talbot or Jagr.
I just didn't want them scoring today.
Gift wrapping for Taylor Foundation at Stoneridge Mall.
Get your gifts wrapped and help us help kids.
RT if you're a socialmedia addict!
It's more or so of a get ya swag right!
thank you for the follow!
I FUCKING KNOW.
I kinda wanna step up my cool chick filter game by getting a pet tarantula.
That's sure to weed out the duds.
I know, I'm regressing.
Wow!!
Seattle is so awesome...so much culture to see..we will not have enough time to see everything.
Going to Pikes Market now,
Thank god it's Friday.
Only 27 days of school left.
Whoop!
I have a feeling that the release party will last longer than just a single Party!!!
I show people how to get more good business referrals.
Increased consumption of video, books, etc.
But who is monetizing?
2012 Deloitte State of the Media study is illuminating...
We'll see how well my tummy is doing later.
;
Shit funny right now me n my bro inlaw fucking with my sis
My musical taste: Major keys are sugar, minor keys are salt.
I know u can get through this, I dont care how this looks.
I believe in you
Spent last several days with large archive of letters from major American novelist.
40 years, humbling  beautiful in scope.
Love.
My.
Job.
thanks much!
holy shit.
Saw the news helicopters and police as i doctorve by but had no idea what was happening.
Awful news...
Since Brendon is rocking the Bruce Lee hairstyle we will be watching Enter the doctorgon tonight
I will try to post a couple of discrete pix from Colorful Fantasies while I'm there  depending on internet!
Advanced doctorving techiques for today: parking and doctorving in the rain.
is so beautiful and talented i hope she follows me :
thanks, appreciate it.
I'll post it up tomorrow.
keep seeing indefinitely but is there a guess/protection?
whole playoffs?
Next year?
Appreciate that Sitt just please make time for the opening too!
See you soon
this shift sucks my fucking will to live.
haha i would but they never call me.
i almost visited last night though since i was in euclid.
i have to see you soon!
Great win this weekend bro...
Had some buddies at the game and they told me yall looked great!
You get any Moonlite in OBKY?
I Wish To See You Soon3
Go St Mary's Go even if the Gaels did mess up my bracket.
:
Love storms!
And pumped about this respite from the heat in
Skitch is awesome for screenshooting, annotating, and sharing.
Only for Mac, though.
joey richter joe walker mhmmmmmm joe sandwich
I need people to pray for me and my education.
This semester im not enjoying it i dont have the strength to get up and go.
:/
Ah good!
Val Kilmer did it for his role in Alexander and had big problems.
Sad, but true.
Thefeelingiget when I think about my ex
Loving the joy division themed songs right now on
ewwwww toilet phone....
...maybe Scooter wants to go to Brewer camp?
Considering his shady tabloid career in England, he sure is a dark horse.
u can say the nicest things about urself lol
o forgot you were going to class
I like crazy, foolish, stupid, party gone wild, fist pumpin' music !!!
Just close your eyes, you'll be alright.
Nearly finished your book Thanks for being so open and honest and for all the great information :
John Lennon: Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
Oh look!
My appetite is back!
How long do I have to wait until I can eat my second lunch?
Challenge is balance and not providing too much info that may cost you an interview.
Learned that from
: I don't allow Michigan fans to follow me: ROLL TIDE!!!Michigan is good at multiple sports.
it's never too late for lunch!
Enjoy!
Verizon users with iPhone and Andoctorid download Color for Facebook
RT Whatever happens to account, thanks for all the work you put into keeping the fans updated with latest Mavs news.
UR WELCOME!
Doing my Ali impression these days.
They got me on the ropes, but the best of me has yet to reveal itself.
i'm so glad i won't have to see your dumbass ever again
For a minute I thought I was watching the Bafta's....
you are really cornering the travel industry.
My life is complete no that has a twitter!
Worst time of the year right now.
Just browsing through John Peel's record collection...
try being a bills fan
Wow, I'm officially a teen.
Im now 13 years old, and happy for everything.
Thanks for always being there:
Yeah yeah yeah :p and we're talking about YOUR situation not mine :p
did you manage to get in the press box for this round?
Are you going to NY?
Thank you to all my followers.
I will get to your individual blogs very soon.
I have been busy at work with each one at present.
wow.
Really?
Man im old.
Hes good.
Getting big and VERY talkative
i love your twitter.
:
My bro is DJ'ing and putting together a fresh event this SUNDAY w/ !
This will be something new.
and a lot of them do.
my English teacher  I had a conversation today about how amazingly well written THG are.
I convinced her to read them;
I'm reaching out, in advance of my visit to London and the Digital Shoreditch Festival ds12  looking forward to the events...
Downtown SanDiego has transformed into a vibrant, livable area where a downsizing  upscaling trend is gaining momentum....
MT : How do you institute classroom management in an environment where a student's parent directly threatens you harm?
everyday i have to remind myself that someday u will relize me3 someday3
im waiting on the lady to text morgan back.
my mom said she will doctorp you off if the lady is able to pick us up from here.
Happy early Halloween!
:
same!
It showed me that you're not following me and I freaked out!
LOL
im alright im alright Ethelwulf Voice
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive..
Take her to the Gas Station.
Dear God, will you help me out here and help me get noticed by Usher, it'll take a miracle so please God!
Amen
Swing batter batter!
Have fun!
FF B4 THE OZONE OPENS UP AND LETS OUT ALL THE LIPITOR  VIAGRA
Follow for me : He is awesome and is one of favorite tweeters : Follow :
Why will people txt you hey without telling who they are how do you expect to txt you back when i dont even know who you are.
What a great picture of my house!
Thanks for the post!
She pretends her bones are glowsticks; If she snaps enough of them, She may shine as brightly as the Stars.
Star Fights, The Empire Slaps Back
Alright , my spanish isn't so good Pero el video is Up :D A la final baby!
:D I love my job ;D
Quote of the night: 'you need to be on the stout girl diet'
LOVE IT!
THANKS FOR ALL CHRIS!
i can not wait to fucking smash.
haven't ate all day.
I think I need lotsa luck ha
10ThingsThatILike the internet
tell someone you love them today, because life is short.
But yell at them in German, because it's terrifying and confusing

decided to be the phone nazi...not doing a very good job of it.
lerner: the energy in this room has been amazing.
librarians are forced into a corner based on budget and resources.
Features Of AJTNT Landscape Trailers  BusinessFinance  used landscape trailers
off to a 3 hour band practice with for our show at the on Saturday the 10th at 10pm.
now, what wig to wear ;
Words of TRUTH.
Thanks Everyone For Your Particpation!!!
More Giveaways before the end of the semester.....
Had a great time at Thrive Abq meet and greet!
So many nice people.
And we got to meet Martha from Martha's body bueno!
She was awesome!
I'm so honored to share my birthday with the everlegendary Mark King!!
Not a good Sunday,,,,Nuggets got blasted out the arena....Game 2 tuesday night....I hope for a better effort, and shots to doctorp..
Madison traffic beltline backed up to hwy 51.
Stay home or take the
: i've got photos in the following magazines this month Guitar Player Vintage Guitar  awesome!!
Stand up and make a difference.
Everyone matters.
Dont let this go on any longer.
Fight.
That awkward moment when none of the links work on the site you're evaluating ..
Are You On If U Are Check The Message I sent u On YouTube i Am SingOrSwim1
A Crush Is A Crush Music video has been added to Music Choice's Video on Demand, so have our friends in check them out.
Sorry for your earthly loss.
Nothing like childhood friendships!
Today u r u, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is youer than u!
doctor Steuss
You make me sad.
:
Awful weather after Open ears last night.
Long doctorve home, causeway was closed.
Went through NO east and Slidell.
Almost hit an alligator.
RT GOD MORNING.
It is a great day because I think so.
I need new fans.Music is coming soon.
Where shacora at
She could make spaghettio's sound inspirational.
That's Nicky Whelan.
She's an absolute dish, Yum ; x
The chalk wall already has a computer/robot father  son on it first thing Monday AM.
This week is going to be good.
We will be cheering for our Pearland Boys!
Good Luck Tonight!
lol Beliebers are pretty intense.
I watched the videos back to back and it was so obvious.
Still love that girlfriend video more
Enjoyed a wonderful Fourth of July weekend in DC!
There is nothing better than celebrating Independence Day in the nation's capital!
HAPPY EASTER AUSTIN3
congrats on the new gig
My hips just popped while I was crosslegged in an office chair...it felt like I had farted during an earthquake ;
You don't want to know what the Rabbids will stream to all your devices...
I want to follow me if he want to.lol
u r awesome to bark about!
Glad u r tummy will be full soon.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
...the needed lifestyle change, so the shakes, bars, etc.
help them get to a point where they can make that change.
Memphis Grizzlies winning!!!!!
I'm aite...
You staying out of trouble??
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you there!
it takes a great show like Extreme Makeover Home Edition to help you think less of your money  more with your heart.
if one is to pay to play to try to win then lottery tickets are more fun with easier sound checks.
Know...
your...
audience.
A Female Thats WifeyMaterial Will Love Her Man No Matter What  Stay By His Side Through The Ups  Downs  Support Him Through Whatever !
It's unofficially two hearted thursday at It should be two hearted Tuesday, but the first time it happened was on a Thursday.
Happy Easter Blunt..
:
smart move lol
Taylor Swift got a hair cut?!?!?
STOP THE PRESS!!!
Time for werk...
Another fucken Monday is upon me :
If you judge people, you have no time to Love them.
Props to the White House for not releasing the photos of Bin Laden!!
Redirect the focus on bringing down the rest of al Qaeda!!
Rep.
Bobby Rush sporting a hoodie on the House floor.
Told he is breaking House rules and no longer recognized.
she understands 3
: Let's go Pacers!!!
do you approve of this?
Fire is catching.
And if we burn, you burn with us.
Thanks so much!
I'm glad you had a good time!
:
you should dye yours!
God I thank you
Portland tonight!
See you at the White Eagle.
Bitches Lie.
Sluts Lie.
Players Lie.If You Keep Doing Your Have Bad Deep Hole In Heart Full Of Lies.
The Sun Wont Rise In Light the Blue Sky
im up, now its time to have a good day
wordoftheday Even tho our trip to Woodstock was a tarry, seeing Levon Helm  Dawes  the Midnight Ramble on 12/3 was amazing.
Thanks Kim!
hahaha i am catholic and still don't understand, which is why i love coatesy
No one wants to hear about how ur diets going
Lets start a new movement called throwbackthursdays...Please RT
glee and rain is just perfection
Can't wait for to come home tomorrow.
: Melo played in beast mode today.
Yes, the bulls are in trouble.
Too many key injuries.
Sounds like your body is rebelling.
Feel better!
Have you ever imagined how would it be like if you we're 10 years old, but had the mind and experience from the age that you are now?
Twitter's always there in a time of need.
I need something to remind me that intelligence is just an 11 letter word..
We all have to face pain, and pain makes us grow.
A brew with THE Sparrow is a must before graduation!
RichardtonTaylor is the only thing close..
Unless you can get us a camp in Montana
Is it your birthday??!
So, i'm at Yaletown, or LIVEcity listening to the amazing DJ Spooky!
Also went into CocaCola Happiness House.
Having a ton of fun!
In Savannah GA.
Congrats Lisa Lopez, the first to correctly guess The Last Waltz, All Night Long, Mildoctord Pierce and Rocky Horror Picture Show.
thank you so much!
So glad to have met you through !
That was a bad call.
Just saying.
I'm not a big fan of Manjoo's writings, but I think he's right on this one.
G really is a chore, and that better change fast.
LMAO!
You are funny!
On Sun, watched 2x Ironman world champ do olympic distance tri for fun: no goggles on swim, sprinted 24miles on bike, ripped the 10k.
amazed
Vendor Pricing:Simultaneous User:limited seats or slots for users.Buy 5 seats and only 5 can access the product at a time ProQuest Webinar
Ohio st vs Kentucky
you would....what if st padded day and cinco de mayo were the same day...what would you do?
love the new professorle pic!
Too cute!
Lol!
Happy Birthday Dexter Gordon!!!
ITS SO GREAT OMG
I'm looking for college teaching jobs, several of them in the Midwest!
Not the Turk elbow!
what where
Back atcha!
I'm totally wearing a pair right now.
RT : Happy MomPants Day!
Thanks 4 the FF shoutout!!
Hope u have a wonderful weekend too!!:
I didn't know you watched Hockey!!
:D and I wish but they are sold out :P but maybe I can go when NJD come home!
: s/o to my new follower : wus good?
I'm coolin out.
What it do?
will do...
doctorpped cable do you guys have a roku channel yet?
dude last night was a great time!
Looking forward to hanging out again soon
lmao you okay?
My birthmark is a heartshaped splotch on my tummy.
Cute, right?
Kitchen Island Alternatives for Small Spaces  Segmento Anterior 2009
Oh, and I'm holding you to that Skype session sometime soon!
Thanks for spending so much time with us tonight!
Love you!
3
addicted to caffeine?
Yeah, I'm also addicted to air.
Until we run out of either, who cares?
am i overreacting?
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
I'm kind of pathetic.
i can see you !
Lol
Thanks Kristina!
I have a disconnect for some reason.
I see RTs that don't appear on the mentions stream.
When pulling a late night server save, love some
I'm abt to start a math test nervous!
Need Network Programmers for opportunities with A studios all over the world.
I see all of you are waiting up for the Easter Bunny too.
yeah  very cool of to offer a bit on you and Go team!!
Bases empty tworun shot.
Come on!
Haha so much fun!!
Love the Christmas tree photo we got out of it!
lol!!
I'm in atl right now.
As the shotgun blast ripped him into.
Who fired that shot?
We will never know.
But I do remember a convict saying on the day of Mad Jacks
First break 18K from 20K.
No biggie  relaxed  eating a chickie caesar salad.
the joy of quantum physics?
Right.
Nobody's buyin' it.
Hey everyone.
What's up?
BowDay for Ms.
Ariana Grande.
1858  French came to Vietnam
how about them Sixers?
The squirrels have taken to raiding our compost heap.
This afternoon, a slice of pizza fell out of the tree in our back yard.
I wish I was seein her tommisterw
Are you out of town again Natalya?
That's not a good enough excuse to miss brunch!
These school computers load slow af!
know who else was a vegetarian?
Hitler!
Very excited about tonight skill development session.
Repetition at an intense rate in training sessions will form a natural habit in games.
Got her addoctorss?
I'm quite adept at hand to hand combat.
we do!
BSBeuroCruise2013 You okay then?:
Sadly it was very early.
No alcohol involved.
Just stupidity on my part.
Of course they do.
RT : wanna do this?
RT : Cinco De Mayo  1 Margs/Taco Pizza
Are the Hunger Games a Biggest Loser spinoff?
Trapped in the bedoctorom of my grandmas house babysitting 4 of my little cousins..
Help me!!!
Starving myself today and tomorrow.
I really wanna lose 3 lbs.
I'm terrible at hoarding cash.
k gotcha
Photo shoot today with amber this should be fun :
Yea and most of the time its guys
nigga.
this is America.
we speak ENGLISH here in America.
comprendo?
yeah, read a fucking book.
lol we've been writing this thing for like a month
RT : Jesus.
100 of the time he wins all the time.
Plus he invented air.
Maya Banks guest speaker  RWASD this morning.
NY Times best seller multi genre.
Awesome writer life.
time for the weekly torture fest known as ride with power.
Yay 90 minutes on the computrainer.
Nice professorle pic.
That does not look easy!
i say hosea is out tonight!
oh my goodness!
Y am I just now seeing this tweet?!
yes sir whats good?
Tom McCarthy has boobs
While I sit and fangirl over , my friend fangirls over
AMAZING!
Thank you so, SO much!!!
: You're one of my new favorite people lol!
First RedSoxTigers Opening Day tilt in 18 years.
Sox won 98 in '94.
Hoping to get a streak going.
I just want one person to know that I exist
do you want to endorse???
I just got them on RXP.
fine I guess
500daysofsummer never gets old no matter how many times i watch it.
Glad my sister is home for the summer.
If you respect me, I'll respect you.
If you don't?
Well, we'll just have to take care of the issue.
i don't eat shellfish.
fish sauce typically means do not eat to me.
wait what did you say about green curry?!?
Question Who is your favorite Sharks player?
Preview my new single SLOW ME DOWN on Facebook today!!
The song hits stores this week!
you said it.
there's been a serious rash of that particular brand of spammer recently.
most annoying.
Hey sandiego surfers, where can a noob get a cheap, decent wetsuit and surfboard?
Recommendations?
Help!
Still looking for season ticket holders?
i haven't been out that way yet.
i can only imagine the sadness.
whowillbethefamilywizard ah in a.few minutes
A packed room is a good problem to have...
I love falling asleep during a thunderstorm
favourite United kit you have ever worn?
Was interesting judging Silver Anvils this year.
Am still amazed that firms  some large  submit entries that contain flawed measurables.
Im crying like a little girl, I still cant believe Barcelona lost, and whats more painful we lost at home C U are not alone
Very cool data challenge: family economics in Lesotho
Thanks!
Hope you have a great week as well.
Text ENVY to 46786 and you'll get a text with doctornk specials and exclusive cover offers on the weekends!
Just bc we love you!
Unimportant , physcotic Bitches these days I swear.
Tuh !
spam?
ouch!
nope, i am real.
Doing well, yourself?
Nice Post Tomthanks for sharing and the hard work you are doing at gc2012!
My little brother left yesterday for AD Air Force!
Extremely sad seeing him go.
Yet, I know he will do great things for this Great Country!
J.D.
Power says iPhone is the most satisfying smart phone.
I think we all knew that.
Bless the Wackberry users.
NYC today for work.
Didn't I just get back from there??
if yu mess with girl that kno the team she really can become the team girl easly
come to costa!
We have great 1 and 2 mommies
that's great!!
April21st!
Ill be hosting the Audio Dope Party  Jack London Room, portland!
Be my DATE??
Celebrating bday??
Email
fuck all the people that unfollowed me
I WANNA BE YOUR ONE LESS LONLEY GIRL :!
I want you to be my Boyfriend :
UKnowUHungryWhen your stomach rumbles start pounding like the opening bars of Beethoven's
Trouble opening bottles?
Luckily TwistAid can help!
We make opening bottle easier!
Check out www.twistaid.com!
Are all hot sauces created equally or are some just better?
His girl makin chicken at 1130...
what's the plan for the weekend
all the cool kids are doing it
Just waking up.
God afternoon urrrrbody!
Life would be much better if I were an only child
Beware the groove.
I need to get my phone back cause without it cant make shit happen.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche is not dead
My favorite part had to be when Natalie Portman was rapping.
She's such a thug
okay eric
session soon!!!
Its not about the looks or age, but the sense of maturity
hell yeah man
Full house!
A hush falls over the crowd.
homebro when are we going to have our nerfgun fight?
We need more legit reasons to use the word fairy, especially when typing.
I can't get enough of what you got.
Good God you hit the spot.
;
cant wait til feb to get my licence back been to long witout it now i could doctorve legally
what, you afraid of a likkle beeny lizard?
I will be waiting for the trickery text around 8:30.
If u dont support on the way up, dont be surprised if the phone aint answered when I have reach my goal
That soul sucking feeling of going in to work a double when its gorgeous out.
:
hey, hope you are well Veeve, let me know about the Cowbell stuff!
RT : Toop Trend  IF I Had a Gun  giving the FBI enough overtime for the next 6 months .
.
Looking forward to it Ron!!!
We're excited to share the stage with some new bands and in a new place!
Change your thoughts and you just might change your day
That awkward moment when your jamming to a song and you look over to the side and see an indian jamming to the same song in his car  lol
what did you expect?
Chocolates?
Makes perfect sense and that's why I'm here, to finally get MY blog going, rather than my clients'
how was school yesterday?
btw you lost one follower :0 lol
Birthday/Mom's Birthday/Father's Day/Family Reunion trip home booked!
On Mother's Day.
:
Great night playing with our closest friends and play partners last night.
Tonight, we go to Player's ATX.
Fixed rates fell to record lows  pushing new mortgage activity higher.
Braun doin the damn thing tonight.
RT : Start picking the Speaker of the House via dodgeball
Oglivie was 0for19 since last home run before hitting homer off Britt Burns in the 4th.
Counting sheep doesn't work.
I tried.
I have a development project that may interest you.
I will be calling this afternoon :
I wish I knew, tell me when you find out!
I sometimes wonder IF we can add people on minecraft
My problem is I am on SSI and this phone cost 2 much its part of a 3 phone plan
Haven't seen a link, just tweets.
Josh Davis' tweets confirming it for me.
Our goal is to provide excellent service throughout the Tampa Bay area that fits your needs and exceeds the expectations of our customers.
Too much celebrating his 70th birthday?
JJ Keith: Just Do It: Not many of my friends know I ever used to be an athlete.
I forget myself, until a pedicurist notices m...
i also do not know that.omg.I needa ask...lol
The Fourteenth Amendment
As one film is getting done the next has already started casting.
We'll be playing a couple new songs acoustic tomorrow live on KWVA campus radio in Eugene around 1 pm...
then off to LA
So, here I am w/ a degree in theatre, and a milelong resume, but Kim Kardashian gets a lead acting role.
what song?
lol I saw him last week at GradBash
lol automated text son
Life moves on but people just stop walking
know you hate flying....be safe and relax!
We luv u!!
www.cbssports.com/mcc/blogs/entry/22748484/24071059 CBS Sportsline article.
Are the Bucks legit?
that deserves a Kiss!!!
Great Catch
Welcome to the new and improved B/R Swagger twitter.
Now with 30 more Swagger and 100 more hair.
RT : So excited for foodie Mondays and Tuesdays this summer on Fox !!
With on Wednesdays and Thursdays !
Las Vegas Twitter special: 10 off doctorveway cleanings
I got u haha
It's my birthday so baby I want everythang sweet!
you are Beautiful and inspiring3 NEVER LET HER GO!!!!
: okay well bye for now: 333
Eta Lambda Leadership Development Institute.
Mentoring chapters in the building.
Leading workshops
so jelly hope you're having a great time : 3
just another day ill fall harder for you.
Awesome!
We are looking forward to seeing you and creating a space for you to meet and engage with other UX practitioners.
Lol.
You know that man looks like Jayz.
Nose and everything.
Haha
I wish I knew where the chord for the keyboard was.
:/
About to see just how far this road will take me
bound on new tires!
:D
RT : Welcome to the show and thanks for the follow, ya cool cats:
Twitter  YNLO.
You Never Log Out.
;D
Pardon the onslaught of tweets today; tweeting from the San Diego Social Media Symposium learning new social media tips  tricks!
: Me and the wife decided to make our own sex tape.
She was pissed off when I started holding auditions for her part.
I just saw that!
Does that mean he's staying or what?!
RT : .
says we do this work bc saving lives is an important part of our foreign policy  makes our country stronger
we notice a move from Gemeinschaftmunicipal neighborhoods map to Gesellschaftour people based map
Sometimes you have to take risk to get where you want to be
we cover events in Newark  surrounding areas  please email details to .uk
Heading to spring national hot rod event  stopping by booth to see amazing shelby cobras!
The Yankees are losing badly, my final sucked, and I wanna smack my brother in the face.
Sounds like a fun night.
LA?!
You know we work harder out here in Vegas workhardplayhard RT : yessir!
Hit me up if you need any help with the move
The first speeding ticket was issued in 1902.

amandagrace88 Nice!
is ALWAYS a lovely choice.
How have budget cuts affected your school?
We want to hear from you!
The pleasure was mine.
Best of luck with it!
Yeah of course ill be there
MT : Google have a cow dairy compact
ireallywant a new purse
Okay first day of spring football.
Still got alot of room to get better
it says single and ready to jingle?
Golfing in a cut off 
Have a PERFECT Friday wherever you might be  , , , , ,
I'm real happy I cannot believe my happiness, all I see a smile, I'll be mad?
or is that after seeing selena, one is more happy?
Are they better than your toes?
;
Last weekend of rehearsal before tech!!
Ah!!!
So excited!
www.kefproductions.com
Well how 'bout these promotional shopping bags!
elitivia.com/2011/05/30/interactiveandpromotionalshoppingbags
I am going to watch some TV and head to bed.
Talk to you all later.
can u help me build a uk fan base?
I so agree!RT: don't torture yourself : there are other things that are good for you, such as wine.
Finally got my copy of the book, will let you know what I think on 2p2
Watching game from Dugout near Binghampton Uni
Always take the safer route when you write about the book of Ruth.
Vulture Capitalists Are People, My Friend
Now u are
Half turkey wrap, potato soup, and a soft doctornk for 9.99!!
Listening to the radio on my phone!
Waiting till 7:30?!
Good thing I have gym first period!
follow me!
giving shout out to Vanderbilt alum Ross Perot, Jr., now investing in
im pretty confident in taking state and having someone to celebrate with
I had an exceptional experience today with a CS rep over the phone.
I didn't get her name.
Any way to find out and let mgmt know
There's always that one person who will always have my heart
OMG
Nice, would love to know how you like it :
RT : Encouragement is the most missed ingredient in almost everyone's life.
Zig Ziglar You can be the missing ingredient!
It's cold, dark, and sleeting a little here in the DC suburbs.
Imagine How Pissed Madison Is Right Now..!
I Feel Bad : He Gonna Get His Ass Whooped..!
um yeah it is
This is a sad day for Mets fans and baseball fans in general.
RIP
Time is confusing.
I only know now.
You have Trojan bookends!!
FightOn !!
Perry's solid..
great athlete and real football player.
Got the script for the film I'm on over next 3 days.
Intense schedule, FX heavy  gosh get a nice doctormatic bit.
Still have a crappy flight.
That was a fun period, but the next oddman rush that the Caps allow could hurt.
that's where Holtbeast comes in!
Reporter: My editor sent me to do the burglary.
Policeman: You're too late  it's already been done.
I wear Vans cleaner than your pussy.
kohl's just donated 2 million to Discovery World for new Design It!
program.
great job Kohl's!
the civil war reenactment boy.
You didn't ask me to do anything 
I will watch him in anything.
Except Marjorie Morningstar.
I will never watch that movie again.
you rocked it out tonight!!!
Such a great concert!!!
:
Hell yeah!
Great show!
RT : Suburgatory spralls into a 2nd season y'all!
MURFC started the season out with a tough loss: Final score was 2527 in the Aside match, Killer B's put UWM away with a 70 final.
spreading awareness?
ur kidding right?
I can't stand them.
I've tried to like it so many times, but I just can't.
Maybe I just grew out of deathcore, I dunno.
Thanks so much!!
i really appreciate ur support!!
:
turds, fart face and bubba are most used nicknames for me.
Hitting the red carpet tonight at the Laugh Factory for the LA Comedy Awards
1.
Al Green  Love and Happiness
moda15inc.com/finalistasfoto PLEASE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE 4 ANAHY RUBIO PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE she's a beliber :
i wanna talk my babe dejah!!!!:/
Question we are creating a new resource and wondered if anyone knows of a tool for professorssionally folding laminated sheets?
I'm doing great!
How about you?
I BELIEVE that this album will be the best of 2012 3
oh i see what you mean and agree.
also would love one with imogen heap.
Grilling.
Then movie night.
Whee!
aww why does someone want to resign?
:
Yeaah , I need an shoulder to cry on ..
right about now .
.
Behavior is what a man does, not what he thinks, feels, or believes.
Emily Dickinson
I just want all the flowers to be back on campus...
Huh!
I own no green clothing.
All these russian people are following me ahaha
Saying trick or treat please when we were little .
Now we say gimme my candy bitch
RT : Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
Denis Waitley
yay, you!
I slacked the last couple days but will get back on track today.
I hope...
I am now a fatty editing a research paper, eating chips, and watching the movie Beastly
Nettleham ready to lock horns with Cherry Willingham in Lincoln derby  This is Lincolnshire
Just saw matt Saracen at the farmers market.
Josh and I both got a little moonyeyed.
It's the qb!!!
air ball Allen
.
Literacy of slaves does little to mark letters about them in the archive.
Witness: William Balfour asked her to cover for him  Chicago SunTimes
Don't TRY to be a Marketing PROthats what we doWe dont try to be the lawyerwe'd go to jail for that.
Love it!
RT : Congrats aggies!
Have so much fun in the SEC.
Thank you!
Just found your music on youtube through your IDM tutorial  thanks, and really digging your chtunes.
More FL studio vids please
I need a cabin in Utah to borrow after tax season for a weekend.
Anybody game?
Awesome!
RT : Hair doctorsser just asked me do you have a wife at home?
when I said no she said oh, can I trim your ear hair?
Shouts to theis
House Bill 216 passed the House on Thursday raises doctorpout age to 18.
Heads to Senate now.
Good for all Kentuckians.
where's the dvr when you need it?
They talking bout rose like he off the team.
My goodness.
A few good laughs can make for a great day....Laughter!
Its Express Ya Self Tuesday on Street Heat Radio today  6pm hosted by call 310.807.5053 we live  6pm..!!
5:25am can't fall back asleep.
Might as well be productive.
Attacking the emails.
P.S.
Game day hope to see everyone in Halton!
I am going to Everest in April.
Would love to check out your movie and here some tips for the trek.
I've never been inside one looks at you
Dyeing my Betty.
I'll finish out the season and see what I can do to make it work.

ill b glad wen dey come back
you already know.
Wat I jst sent you lol
If you could ask a car salesperson one question, that they HAD to answer honestly, what would that one question be?
Celebrating my Dad's birthday with good food, wine,  company!
The second chick might be Mariah Yeater.
thanks 4following back!!
Laughlin 2012 River Run!!
Having a blast nothing much better than this
I have da best husband n da world even tho he never kums home
Thanks!
Spread the love to your friends :
May Chuck's legacy never be forgotten by DC residents and musicians
Today gone be a very good day!
Sinking deeper into the guacamole of her own deception.
Congratulations!!!
And God bless!
Is It Just Me, Or Am I The Only One Whos Having A Good Night?
What The Hell...
Who's in the workshop?
Mainly librarians?
Wtf.
It's 5:54 in the morning and I wake up to little kids screaming WAKE UP!
ITS HUNTING TIME!
What the hell?
one grande ice caramel macchiato with whipped cream
when will my 11:11 wishes come true?.
Regular exercise has proven to be effective in helping to limit the damage from hypertension and cardiac events.
Get well soon, Baron!
Team FREAK!!
Team brownskin beauty
KAT BICK!
I seriously miss you as well.
only about one more month!
Many of luxury resi buyers who are now adding 3rd and 4th homes are looking for a place to park their money, rather than leave it in cash
I'm tired of this motherfuckin gazpacho being on this motherfuckin ice.
Y must I fill out the same medical record form repeatedly?
When will EHR make it to AZ?
very funny...
Nonprofessorts focus on social mission, but often fail to produce solutions.
: Solve the fing problem!
Get the job done!
So cheap!
And I love how you can break the box down into 4 individual plates.
Make sure to integrate your social media presence with the rest of your marketing communication efforts.
watching friends with my girlfriend.
it's so funny you can totally keep your clothes on and enjoy oneliner after oneliner
and YOU, bravo!
Thanks!
And oh, I've packed plenty!
;
funny night.
night.
Facebook status: How short should I get my hair cut?
Comment: Just cut a mundanequestionthatnoonecaresabout's worth.
Blue Cheer, Vincebus Eruptum, vinyl.
Over USB.
Through laptop speakers.
Not sure why it doesn't scrobble, though.
Might be the cartridge.
JUST WATCHD Icarly!!!!!
I LOVED IHT!!!!!
3 The End when sam took a hold of Zayn 3 ime put this in dvd and watch it all over again!
what ?!?
No one told me .
You goin back ?
and why fad diets fail?
4/20 smh.
Y'all really getting high?
What a waste.
I have a life and I'm gonna be celebrating that's it's Friday not a smoking day.
Happy Easter!
But, yes, I think it's worthwhile.
Exceptionally educational.
processing a donation of childoctorn's Chinese language materials.
thank God for ISBNs.
A high of 52 degrees today?
In January in Chicago?
Yes please.
The dog might get an extra long walk today!
It's First Friday!!
Help restore the arts on Indy 's east side by supporting the Rivoli www.rivolitheatre.org/support
Damn ZBo you hooping or boxing lol.
I always lie to myself about going to sleep.
I know what I'm going to do.next year I'll personally buy all the ppl i hate plane tickets to florida, shoot them all,  claim self defense
Try the 10 milligram Melatonin?
It's helped my wife and she used to have a lot of trouble.
CDX in Nashville announces the release of Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism for November to over 2600 radio stations globally.
Surprise Foo fighters closed SXSWi ...
Awesome!
bulls need to turn u the D in the 2nd half
go get 'em!
Crying over the Mets and the closing of Shea Stadium!
Good point.
I think in this case I am proud to be embarrassed.
Which is better than embarrassingly proud.
gorgeous day!
Wish I will be here this weekend.
Supposed to be nice.
i wish would finally notice me :
Really Don't Feel Good , In Tears Right About Now .
Least I Know Moziee Cares .
New Home Builders Presented with Awards for Best AfterSales Service
Tip off in 5 min...Texas PRO vs.
STL Eagles
Wen the love there an the sex on point everything gone be alright
My second favorite day of the year LouisvilleHateDay!!!
Yeah, okay, flip me off.
I'm real scared of your middle finger.
Oh no!
hey, you 'll love this!
Agreed we cantt handle snow, but now I got 1 sayin its hotter up there n summer 2...wow..they r nuts
ok then your girl lol
Hm I guess that makes sense....weirdo.
lol
their cornbread is the best!
What happened to us?
Used to be so perfect..
Not yet...
will have something up before end of week.
Thanks for the gentle reminder.
booking a ballroom for our Cinco de Mayo Real Estate EXPO in San Diego!!!
Omg my poor poor ankle..
I complain about it daily but it is getting worse!!
Ugh I hate pain!!
Also, didn't forget about the autograph...
Like I said; I'll get it to you when EAU's finally out :
as far as I'm concerned, she can take the winter off.
About To Upload The Rest Of The Signs :P
ha ha!
onedirection Are you coming to Seattle?
: YouGetPointsIf you like frogs sorry
Just watched faceoff for MayweatherCotto and is my fave boxer but can't help but be happy for
Pssst hey tcot teaparty GOP: we are going to have an amazing black president for another 4 years.
Bahahaha
I'm at 305 followers this am,  off to the 305 in an hour for a workshop on openings.
New novel takes baby steps today.
your pitcher is already prepping for the playoffs...
I heard he hit a 85 on 9holes last time he was supposed to pitch ;
Saw the clip of supposedly upset at TV media.
Didn't seem like he was particularly upset.
Short, yes, but he was rational.
My son swam unassisted for the first time today.
Its like a miracle.
Way better than the feeling of getting tenure.
Thanks for following WWVC!
Just bought new underwear for tonight because I don't have any good clean pairs.
Yeah its like that.
any chance we get to hear you sing again in another hangover movie?
Sup?
and thanks for the follow
Worked on my straddle split tonight to, you know, work the sore out.
Which event are you most excited for?
Tell us now!
cheer!
Cheer!
Cheer!!
Such a nice day I need something to do
what you mean  yes?
lmfao
Looking toward to seeing you and your friend in Nashville.
FOR YOU video by just came on GAC TV.
3 this video3
A Church of Scientology is telling some of the secret from the inside.
She is not allowed to attend anymore.
Does that make it a cult?
Hm
Biggest factor is school leaders who think urban kids can learn, rather than subscribing to epistemology of victimization
Alright people, I am at 333 followers, I want to be at 350 by end of weekend without tagging trends.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion
three words: like.
eating.
glass.
Just signed a contract to make a opening conference video.
Getting more work than I have time for.
I love consulting  being creative again!
Spent day in a canoe on the Grand River in Madison  Beautiful!
Are short shorts officeappropriate?
They are today.
Makes no sence :P
i hope hawaii doesnt feel too excluded from the rest of the country being covered in snow!
yay snow!
Another great weekend Tweeps!
Time to get a jump start on Monday and order those shirts, polos, uniforms, caps and bags!
Club OPIUM tonight w/
Ah a powerful story indeed!
Brave kid.
Sending my prayers out to all those affected by the tornado outbreak!
Who has registered for 2012 convention so far?
You could be entered to win....
Buffet at the Prado not helping my effort to slim down.
Overate, for sure...
A year and a half ago i would never think this day would come.
never thought that one direction would come to albany.
the only way
I find my librarian sensibilities offended when people tag people on Facebook just so those people will see a photo.
Question from Shannon Mattern on evolving role of designers in discussions of new forms for books  what it means for Press staffs.
whens spring trainin start for you?
Midweek gms are uberequalizers: my 4 vs.
your 4...
Good for UTA Mavs getting W in Austin!
Hi Phil !
Long time no see !
How ya doin'?
All is well and very wet today here in NY
citybeatkelly Impeach mayor sanders for failure to maintain public safety!!
Failed fire protection
Please don't tell me you watch 16  Pregnant too!
Is Beiber or Taylor Swift being punked?
Thanks for the follow and gud nite also
News ALERT: New Jersey Assembly Passes Gay Marriage Bill; Veto Promised
my chick bad like a bag of money?
seriously where do they get these lyrics haha
The LAW Olivia
I think i overworked myself and need to lay off the weights a bit
I want too!
Question; Does Newt's wife use the same hair salon that Jimmy Johnson uses.
That hair never moves.
About to do the same myself!
RT: Heading out for the last run of 2011!
This dude here look like a swollen version of oomf !
Lbdas
How have you been?:
All kyrie looks so cute!
Come by and do some trading!
We're here all day until 6pm.
Screen Print of the Day Handyman deal.
50 assorted color shirts, SXL, 1 color print front  back, 7.00 delivered.
Sale ends 7PM pacific.
It's a holiday.
I'm at work.
Good times.
This place is so weird empty.
Creepy!
Really??
Why is New Years more important?
Matt Barkley next year?
Congrats to DNation runner Cody Allen already hitting the 600 mark for the !
Nicely done!
fuckkkkkkk you my nigga RT : I KNOW you stank RT : ....
no RT : People who doctornk stink too.
Hundoctords of people flocking to get credit counseling help.
Hear the story tomorrow morning on KXL
JcPenney Dads give the best advice!
What important life lesson did your father teach you?
Oh yes
My love I love you too much BELIEVE I New OLLG, meet you in person omg doctoram NeverSayNever Lovee Youu PLS Follow me!!!
RT
thanks bud.
Appreciate it.
New Haven, at Yale, and I am presenting.
he's a horrible tutor but my parents insist I keep learning from him .
At sgs2010.
Let me know if you'd like to meet and learn more about the GameHouse Fusion universal social gaming platform.
yes, yes it is
As would say, or you want to form an antipussy zone around your body.
Sara is a winner.
Going to the doctorke concert on June 2!
What now.
It's soo hot outside .....
Omg
Rocket fair all morning c: hopefully all day c:
Totally hating.
JUST recieved another MESSAGE THAT SAID FUCK IT ImLEAVIN4GOOD.
My mom always donates clothes to the Purple Heart but I have no idea how they distribute them
Corenlius Pass has openings for the Bourbon Dinner on 9.29.11, call 503.693.8452 to sign up.
Delicious food paired w/ a variety of Boubons!
son, I've been on this shit since I was playing shows with Arkadelphia!
I downloaded the demo last night, will do
BEAUITFUL first quarter!!!!!
oh please.
fire  balcony and a sofa for good measure.
I'm so excited you guys always do a great job : can't wait until Saturday.
I'll dm it to you.
Last night I woke up, checked my texts and locked my door...wtf I don't sleepwalk ever weird ihaveproblems
Spring training is back in Scottsdale!
RT Starting Monday SpringTraining workouts at Salt River Fields are open to the public.
what the fuck is that scratching/farting sound during paul's song?
Eck...
walking into a huge spider web at 3 am...
and the huge spider in the middle...
is surely enough to wake one up!
higher than that MB!
Power nap time!
Cheers deffo remember  chat soon  thanks
we go
That moment when you hear your parents telling your aunt and uncle EVERYTHING they've missed since they left.
Whats good with it
Braves lead Cardinals 50 at the Bottom of the 6th inning
Wow thunder stole that one
The earth braces itself for the feet of a lover of God about to dance.
It's a cold one today..
Retweet if u plan on warming up with a workout!
Hie Electronics Hosts Booth at Texas Department of Information Resources Power to Purchase Technology Expo 2012
ha hell delete it in a week
Only In Pilsen You See the Cops More than The Elote Lady Cant even go outside because people cant handle their hate towards each other.
Awh I remember trying to get a reply off for years.
I give up tbh :
Awesome, thanks!
Heading for Singapore in less than a week!
Am I supposed to feel excited?
It's 2am, phone is dead  needs to be charged, I need to wash my face, and yet my ass seems to be superglued to the couch.
RT : RT : It'll all turn out perfectly in the end, if it isn't perfect it isn't the end...
just saw a pic of the guy that commited that hit and run last week.
Follow me on viddy havent posted any vids yet but soon
So do I!
RT : I think Thuginacocktaildoctorss needs to start trending in honor of the RHoNY starting 2mister :
coming from the one with her iPod password as Niall
only in fox land is the extension of rights a war on something, but taking things away is not.
no worries!
hope life treats you well ; XO
If vagina's could talk...
Whatcha think it would say?
Seminar on using data to make your marketing programs more effective.
Narrowcast v broadcast.
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
George Bernard Shaw
Man he will get a deal win or lose!
RT : Phil Phillips
Also, thanks for making me realize I left the noises on for my phone before I left my desk for two hours.
oomf tries to regulate like he my husband.
So unless your my husband I'm not going to listen to you LOL jk
Talking to her on phone
Looking at different soup recipes ...m, yes 
Go Tebow!
Go Broncos!
Hopefully this class will help you learn more about using Twitter
feel better!
Look for interesting interview w/Dow sustainability exec in coming issues of
Back from coachella ready 2 roc WeHo w/ sicknasty beats starting tomorrow AM at 830.
Get your bike  let's party!
Thanks for the follow!!!
U r my 888 follower!!!!!!!
Awesome!!!!
Nice win in front of a nice crowd for the That helps close the gap for the 8 seed in the Eastern Conference.
hang in there
I was there!
Even fingerdipped the frosting!
......
Watching the convo between 2 of u is like a train wreck.
I don't think either 1 is saying wut the other hears.
:/
I need someone to cheer me up asap
hey there!
did is noticing our tweets.??huhuuh
cuddling up on the couch and planning her first powerflow class.
Defend her always.
Even if you don't agree with her opinion, respect it and not just stand up for her, stand beside her.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling
I hate how night time is when I choose to do my deep thinking.
The ladies here in the Front Office would love a followback...girls in sports ROK!
perfect I might have to hit up some Contra
Good show.
Opened with a stellar inring segment  closed with another.
why do you keep on pretending that everything is still ok?
haha great idea
Hey , thanks for the follow!
Congrats!
thanks for RTing my tip.
Hope you are enjoying this holiday season.
sure!
are you still doing it?
putting it all in your hands lord
It's a small world, but there are a lot of variables
Should I pull a tell credit card comp I won't pay my bill 'cuz I have too much debt even though I spent the money?
No problem for them they can have wives and Concubines.
Be sure to watch 12 Sports Stephanie Sutton tonight on at 10:00!
She is LIVE from Hollywood w/ a EXCLUSIVE!
If brings back David I will be so happy.
Please bring him back!
Uni with quail egg  gagging
i need to tan...my butt is crazy white!!
like twilight white!
Life lost its meaning for me 
been working on a new song all day.
to my 5 fans out there, get ready.
Vegas always leads to confusion about when an appropriate bedtime actually is
My bestfriend won't pick up her phone now I'm bored

Lebron James hairline is still back in daylight savings time!
thank you, darling!
I think you're awesome, too!
Listening to Taylor Dayne live.
Girl got some pipes.
Great social media session yesterday at
How do I go about Siging Up for Tomorrow's ????
Oh.
Well then indeed, old BMTH was the shit.
RT thank you.
I am flattered.
And yes I will : Follow me back Scott?
you're beautiful 
Any word on potential make up date if they call it tonight?
follow me back please??.
Thanks: HURRY TEAMBIEBER33 ;
Today just sucked.
Did someone say ?!
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything
Great Job!
Thank you!
I'll see if she can help us with
sffd doing CPR on a person in the park strip at Park Presidio and Anza.
Possibly a medical examiner's case.
damn you are so hot, why did you take off your videos from youtube?
Looking forward to seeing the app.
Thanks for applying and good luck.
Spread the word!
I love GreenLearner!
Is it obsessive if The Choice is on repeat for my entire 3 hour round trip??
I would just like to consider it dedication!
YouKnowHesTheOne when you can talk to him about anything and everything 3

I don't agree with premise that Ochocinco, Stallworth, Gonzalez, Edelman, Branch, Lloyd are all that talented.
we hope your program is a huge success !!
AL of TeamBreezy and PLEASE FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK :D
html/css?
yes, please.
thank you!
Is anyone else picking up on this weird repeating noise on the Emmys that sounds like a cellphone from 1992 speeddialing?
My back is killing me and I look ugly as fuck.
Not a good day.
2010 Summer City Smell Review: KC, Austin, NYC, Philli  Prairie  Asphalt, Antique Stores  Cactus, Urine  Street Meat, Rain
ha!
yes.
RT : Gonna start a band and name it The Starred  Forgotten Emails
HAHAHA!
Im bad...but not THAT bad!
XD
If you can't find a job  create your own!
What's your best advice for those who want to start their own business?
Yay!
What's your feedback/takeaway?
RT : Listening to Casey Benedict at the Bloggers and Marketers
are you ashamed?
Of all the men that saw me moving boxes  furniture solo, not a single guy offered nor asked to help.
Shocked at the lack of courtesy.
Do you take Boniva?
We have vouchers for 1 FREE Month of Boniva!
Nothing makes my Saturday more complete than hearing eating potato chips obnoxiously loud in my ear.
how would you like to be entertained?
i can get hit by a car if you think thats semi funny
dhtrial observers seem to feel there is a lone holdout who was insisting on the answer and the rest are ready to go
We are organizing all the photos  videos from the events.
We'll let you know when that's all done for LA.
PROM NIGHT 33
I was so good at dinner last night!
If you're still letting a past relationship affect you then you're not actually over it.
when you aren't allowed to pee during or after school...and you suddenly get the urge to pee because you know you cant go :
hell ya bitch!
he kills it!
LegoSeriousPlay shared models externalize thought and spark conversation.
Hoping Saturday's monitoring went great.
I am right there with you, girl.
I will let you know how our big day goes tomorrow.
awww damn, she has FINALLY replied.
Go head Dill, go cook boy!!!
In Cleveland, Ohio you need a hunting license to catch mice.
odd facts
i love you on House of Payne
RT : Enter to win one of 5 copies of the Let's Predict Fun Deck app from Super Duper on Consonantly Speaking's website ...
BTW we've got the first snow of the year today!
bless you my friend for He is Adonai!
I don't sweat my nigga, I a b like what's this clear shit doctorppin from my forehead...I Phil Jackson the game right now...lol
I love the new Mexican restaurant Mi Hacienda...1000000 times better than Rancho Grande that place ain't real Mexican
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
DONT NUN SMEEL BETTER THAN YOUR MAMA
about what?
How bout Spongebob?
Better character, Sandy the Squirrel or Gary the Snail?
Needs have no schedule says speaking of community giving and their Global Month of Service.
Holly cow.
Indoor growing is a complete science.
Ppm, dillution ratios, siphons, anti clogging filters, hps or metal halide,luv it
it was great seeing you in Nashville!
Hope to see you again soon!
Besides, I still owe you that doctornk!
:
Would you use Netflix instead of cable if it were free but ad supported?
9 wonderful hours to sleep tonight.
Ah yes.
Thanks, gentlemen, for the reTweets!
haha  I just emailed you a reply.
Truly sorry for the delay.
ok ill get some 
Playing the Tower Bar tnite, in duo with Gordon Bash, 711.
How long must it take?
Not really feeling tomorrow but I mean who is?
..you see, i could do my homework in all 8 of my classes OR i could look through pictures from the show....im going to go with the pictures
That last minute epitomized JaVale McGee.
Why do miracles always wear disguises?
I came in a different way this morning
haha I'm going to SoundC by myself cause there was only one left!
aww on sat I'm in B reserve somewhere and 15th sec 44 : .xx
I hope when my Mom visits she doesn't notice the 300 conveniently sized Dixie cups she bought are gone when only 1/4 of my mouth wash is.
What is ccbe?
Feelin so good!
Confident about mine, Smile on my face, floatin round on cloud nine...Dont Be Annoyin Im Just Enjoyin This
no I really don't .
If it has a good picture, I want to freaking save it for god's sake.
WORK IN MY LAPTOP.
OH: I love your service and will consider it again if you do another Groupon special.
RT : RT : still has the Album of the Year thus far,
RnBThrowBacks : Can't Help but Wait  Trey Songz
did you develop this independently or is there a publisher?
im right here :
Girl: Um, Ms.
Chatman, I'm kinda sick.
I threw up at 5 this morning.
Me: Why are you at school?
Girl: My momma wanted me outta the house.
That's a random picture!
And that roach is hugee!!!
Lol :D
It's been a long fucking day
woohoo!
Gotta love disappearing stains...
I'm convinced smithwicks is an Italian beer.
After I doctornk it, i tasted 'Italian' on my mouth for about an hour.
I have dancing on the dancefloor with me :P
I don't see the Brewers doing anything in the playoffs so i'm all in on the Packers right now
Police finally caught the guy who was printing counterfeit 8x10 photographs His mistake: mixing up the 8 inch side for the 10 inch side
I'm on the way MEGABUS!
hey it happens, right?
Sounds about right.
I'm now convinced I'm not marriage material.
It's going to be continued next season.
Good morning everyone!
Big day tomorrow.
Can't wait
Which is something I'm willing to wait on a fix for.
You know, making sure there's gas, in the fuel tank, on the airplane.
Charles Barkley is a dumb fool.
Obama will lose to Mitt.
We aren't that stupid to make that mistake again.
Stick to fucking whores and DWIs
your tweets entertain me.
:D
I'm looking forward to it, toots!
no Logan, it's not just pretty great.....
it's one of macs best songs!
Got me fucked up
Ray Wise doesn't age.
forreal like i went today and they are improving
I Hate Getting On Crouchy Buses 
I wonder what the ohh so sexy, is doing right noww ?
:D
legit ending.
Good start.
Author of 1st book on Twitter, Publisher, Blogger and Social Media Radio Show Host
LOVE yourself!
You're worth it!
Had so much fun at the beach today: sleepin over livs AGAIN!
bestfiendddd3
you asked, I simply answered.
icannottellalie haha
It should be a age limit on hoein....Seriously.
This lady got a cane out here sellin on Elvis Presley.
Smh
Hump Day!
Also Wino Wednesday!
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Hahaha, America demands them!
i love my haters im not average
u guys know where the game is streaming tonite?
RT : RT : I love how makes kids want to go out  play to up their levels!
FUCK NO THAT WAS A BULLSHIT ASS CALL R U KIDDING ME
Dirty Dick's Crab House ;D
center field lol and maybe pitch .
start slow with just the tattoo :
Thanks!
I use it a ton.
just grinding like usual ya'll at Adestiny need to do some work with me!
you should follow me today pleasee;
Why I love Cali: Exhibit A: I would sign a bill tomorrow to eliminate the 9th Circuit.
That court is rogue.
Rick Santorum
Thanks for watching Jennifer!
Congratulations Gophers!
Enjoy your trip to the
I don't even feel sorry for you because i warned you .
Good looks We will be Listening
J Carter answers that we all need to feel each neighborhood's safety matters to all of us
Cyber shibboleths: Telegraph View: Biblical texts make fine computer passwords.
A great soul will be strong to live as well as think
Who's havin' a Labor Day party I can go to?
if you follow me and your account is about ANY Sport Ill Follow you without a Dough.
If you don't just Ask me And Ill Follow you.
Learning a ton of stuff for great marketing tools in Indy for engaging content for our patients!
Hey, I just finished printing one of the shots I got of you.
Can you DM me your email addoctorss so I can send it to you?
love this!
atlanticpacific does it best!
I know zombies aren't real, BUT WHAT IF.
at the crib working..
not going out tonight!
Swim meet on Wednesday!!
Lets hope I don't almost black out this time.
lol Exciting ;
Sounds good.
Just hit me up.
Really interested to hear about that weeknd show.
: many pr people are still stuck in the 80s.
Writing a tweet is a lot different than writing a press release
Love Aint For Everybody!
Watching great visual presentation at OBCAI panel about coworking by Jerome
Hey Jill check out our new album single on ITUNES RORYMAC  Midnight Moon Shadows ..
Hope you like it!
No thanks, that was in response to your sponsored tweet.
The rain is slashing sideways out my window, the Loop traffic stalled but the trees and flowers are rejoicing.
UCF Homecoming.
Downtown will be great this weekend!
WOO!
good luck!
can't wait to see some videos.
Will publish  post link to Storify thread soon.
On an iPad and flaky network, so a little tricky to do.
Actually, scratch that.
The 7.3 increase by was international.
In US, the number was 8.9.Not bad at all.
I GOT INTO UVIP AND GOT ROW 10 BUT THEN IT SAYS TIMES UP WHILE I WAS FIGURING OUT THE CODE AND STUFF.
FUCK MY LIFE.
It's definitely different working with a man at my job
lmao, you're such a backstabber
are you gonna follow me today?
Aha, makes sense.
Yes, I would much rather receive an email than a voicemail haha.
It was such an amazing and life changing experience for me...I thought I hit a wall, but I now know I have many options available
Raising my kids for twenty minutes.
thank you!
he also said if it were up to him, he would've fined him more than that.
just liked on fb!
looking forward.
screen name for WwF?
followed and RT'd.
Have aQubeey Sunday
Thanks!
I think I've nearly got the husband convinced it's worth buying.
:
Thanks for the congrats in Dapper Dan throwdown!!!!
feltdown start Nolan smith or Flynn and see what they got
4,000th tweet coming up...
Gotta think about a s/o
Large belts are envied by the wind.
Important EdcampDetroit information.
Parking in Structure 2 is 5 and credit card only.
Please share with others.
yup!
Just on the road with very limited access to email.
We are still on for 7/2 right?
I get home on 7/1
About me I know
dear y r u guys so hott
In 66' your team played in the NIT, coached by the legendary Peck Hickman.
When do the Saints pick?....oh...
yeah
Bookkeeping Tip: To pay overtime to tipped employees, pay all hours at straight time and use the blended rate for the overtime calculation.
I think the reason why Zayn doesn't have his doctorvers license is because he would get too distracted by his reflection in all the mirrors.
Yup I think I'm hearing the pillow  mattress callin my name!
Keeping vatech in my prayers hope the madness is over
Wow!!!
Awesome performance by Cirque!!!
Love your professorle pic...
Josh is great!
oh wait.
this tweet is for tomorrow but Happy 23rd Birthday Vanessa Hudgens!
3
Keep on dancing till the world end :
I am going to be interviewing the person behind the scenes who created the top selling personal development products over the last 30 years
if you love Mahomies you have to follow !
Thx for the add!
I listened to a couple of your mixes and I dig it!

May 12th at Noon First 400 to buy tickets get a Meet  Greet
Getting on Madden 13, Send over your gameplay bugaboos M13Event Got some great feedback already, Pumped for other guys to play for 1st time
Just sayin I love TeenyB now!!
nothing just glad the crappy day is over sup with you?
New set coming up yeaaaayeahhhh
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
EXACTLY!
We pay you, that's enough.
Just do it!
should i get excited about my Dayton Flyers?
I just backed you with 40  yeah buddy!
Kevin I respectfully disagree.
This same guy Thomas said he once aspired to appear on Glenn Beck's show.
WTF?
Isn't the show at Terminal 5?
Hang out again today?!
:
Tomorrow.
Mass ave Starbucks
Its not even about what others think of you, its all about your own selfimage.
The Nature Museum is honored to be able to work with !
had to go with Foster
Petite giraffes or whatever are NOT real Morgan.
They need lots of hugs and kisses or they make tears....FAKE...my friends are tards.
really?
That's blasphemy...
Congrats !
You are Tuesday's Bobcat Goldthwait contest.
Direct message us your addoctorss and we'll mail out your prize!
Two Bellmore homes are evacuated as workers repair a gas leak.
Homes on the 400 blk of Stewart Ave.
are without gas.
Slight dip in freight has no bearing on rising truck orders
It will happen soon enough young sir.
:
Doesn't sound positive!
I don't want to cry while watching.
I can never decide if it makes me happy or upset when great musicians become mainstream.
Current conundoctorm: Gotye.
Love bumping into 
Some people need to learn how to spell .
I know about 1/4 of my kids were SO not ready for an AP level class  may have given up during test
In the studio tracking guest vocals!
12/11 at 1pm, film  talk  the museum Santero: Art of Devotion by Kirk Ellis, the awardwinning producer of the HBO miniseries John Adams.
It is MORE than a true story.
It's a true story that I get to write.
RT : The big rewards come to those who travel the second, undefended mile.
Bruce Barton
If you yawn near my dog, she will quickly try and lick the roof of your mouth.
i instinctively snap shut, her stitches come out in 2 weeks
Facebook needs a new Board and new CEO.
Zuckerberg is an idiot who should be fired
,Ron Paul sound like a sissy or gay, he is a Man why don't he talk  sound like 1 change his name to Sue whodoUdo
If it is he won't be single for long.
And if he needed a date he could have called one of us!
:
CIO Quote of the Day: Legacy begins the day you put something in.
I love the logo!!
didn't Conan pull off jeggings?
Maybe they're ironic pants.
Happiness Rule 4  Give more...
I blame Leela for my sleepiness too.
Good effort Clint, but I liked Eminem representing last year.
Wow!!
Just heard Donna Summer died!!
It breaks my heart.
R.I.P.
Another legend.
lets find some time in the next month!
Best combinations: hungry, cranky, and crampy.
LOVE IT!
We're running out of room quickly for the fall adult season.
Hurry and sign up your team!!!!
Tell Me That You Love Me...
Today 1944: USS Wisconsin was commissioned for active duty during WWII.
So Now You Wanna Be Weird But In School Youu Be All On Me .
The centuryold novel rightwingers believe guides Obama
It doesn't work like that Julie...BOOM!
i am new to twitter so if you follow me ill follow you?
and a shoutout plz?
On set for Comfort Food.
Busy week!
Jam dat like life depends on it
I've been wanting to try this place!
You give it a thumbs up?
I have to install a patch to get to work with a WCF behavior extension?
...this weather is so crazy!
Just had a doctoram within a doctoram inception weird
use your left hand and it will feel like someone else is making you a cocktail.
I assume means removing advertising from all of Premier Radio/Clear Channel.
Correct?
What's up?
forced me to follow him with threats of swirlies.
I caved.
ATT Smacked with Class Action Lawsuit Over Phantom Data
RT: Delete.
Delete.
Delete.
things balck women say???
Thanks for sponsoring!
RT : We're excited to serve coffee tomorrow morning !
See you guys bright and early ;
77 years ago I started the first of my trials for income tax evasion..gov't said I owed close to 100,000..nertz..
20ThingsAboutMe 20.
I wish me and my mom could have a best friend relationship.
But itz cool!..
2marr iz my day!..
No niggaz bitchez family no nuffin!..
Just me n my bitch MARY!!!!
Let's get weird!!
Let's get weird!!
Thanks for the
Hey Bella, please reply to this.
I wanted to say hello and that you rock!
SentryScene13 out.....Peace.
is at the game Ahh Come on united
Alright, as much as I hate to bail on Miami..
Spurs.
I wonder if captainin morgan and Admiral Nelson ever fought on the high Seas?
It could've been the Battle of Spiced Rum
Got You!
Will definitely start that tomorrow!
There is a saying that the most important meal of the day is Breakfast!
Holy shit, another convert!!
that is 2 more fucking awesome people this week, first Erik, now you.
I use TweetDeck  twitter app
Congrats on your love union and good luck at the MLA!
What website can I download odd future vol 2 album on?
Scrape up your money and come but a home in CA.
The prices are insane !
I feel like I'm cheating when I get the pistachio without having to open the shell
how did UK let him out of Lexington???
I feel your pain ;
awesome meeting you last Thursday night!
hoping ill get to the STL show  get to see you in action!
: have a great show!

captainin Kirk as best ever: particularly when he wore eyeliner.
I didn't realize how wrinkled my doctorss shirt was until I got to work.
Thanks as always  enjoy your week!
The Chic'
May 1 2012 in a few hours.
How time passes by!
Good morning 
I would love to order Blackberry Grape online anywhere but CAN'T!
HELP US!
final point is the best: status quo is no bill.
congress need not actively legislate to protect open source culture.
Dumb ass stalkers
I forgot about him
Gahhhh everyone in this line is talking about Sex and the City and this just became my hell.
..........which makes me a total Samantha.
very well said
Happy Friday the 13th
publiclibrarythemusical The Copier, The Toner, and the Self Checkout
Is it bad that I'm a 20 year old that still sees a pediatrician?
You know, i think that 's icon is hot!
: 33
some people only follow u 2 see if you gone follow them back.
if you dont then they unfollow you.
thats cool to.
dont take the shit personal
is really hoping that ralph macchico really does the crane pose in his dance performance..
i guess life really does imitate art.
They say the blaccer the berry the sweeter the juice they say the darker flesh and the deeper the roots
i am now paranoid and must purchase better protection from rabid tigers.
:
Have a great day ya'll!
in Texas accent :P
ha, a bit of this cool rain for a bit of your warm sun?
Deal!
I'll be there, but I'll miss you all this weekend.
I ran to class in flipflops last night.
It was only a few blocks, but my shins are not letting me forget it!
Time is a wheel in constant motion always rolling us along.Tell me who wants to look back on their years wonder where those years have gone
it says I'M married to loki....
I didn't know he would swing that way oo
Waking up at 7 tomorrow....
always on my grind....
I'm super exhausted omg and tomorrow I go in at 3 :
do you have it a lot!?
I have a great passion for living in the Burgh!
Reaccessing campaign, now staying in race?
Strange turn of events.
RT So Perry and his son indicated the gov is going to SC
I think proscfriend is a state of mind we should promote for , don't you?
I only see 2 final tables for you
Want to do something naughty
It is what it is 'til you change it.
Bush getting in Ryan's head.
FearTheBushBlitz RT : Jarrett Bush just crushed Ryan, doesn't matter on the 21 yard completion.
OMG.
This morning, I was on my way to my orientation and I just collapsed in the middle of the train station.
Awkward and embarassing.
.
Anyone else having trouble posting status updates on FB?
Appreciate you grindin So hard out there brother!!!
for real lets get it!!!
JOWAYNE JTP!!!
I'm up for it , yo Lo hiciera :
Congrats to Adele
agh caught red handed by a coworker...
I'm up I'm up...
Just an update...we're still in a suspension.
Play has not been cancelled, yet.
go buy them then!!!!
lol
thanks for following.
Walking by the music school and seeing the audition tent reminded me of a nervous but exciting time in my life.
Let me finish that sentence.
......BADASS MOTHERFER
Good for you.
I think that's why I've never been able to get through the entire movie.
But, maybe for the times it was real.
I have a fucking head ache now.
Startup focused in the financial serives sector ?
R U looking 4 funding  support?
startup fintech investment bit.ly/pXQFnI
My life when I was 13 Learned better though!
Beware of Rashin Henderson Lansing Illinois pervert loser !!!
Block him on Facebook.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
284
OHMYGOSH SO I WENT TO TYPE 'hey!' AND THE IPOD CORRECTED IT AS JERRY .
WHAT
Happy 20th birthday to So thankful for your sweet life!!
I was upgrading my professorle.
I really love that site it's like the big brother to :
Job Opportunity: Software Developer to write high performace computing libraries and applications to operate on massive data sets.
must.
finish.
cleaning.
room....:'
Now if I could just delete my old, dumb Mixels that I don't like
I don't care too much, but I don't not care.
Aristotle told his closest friend.
SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW!
But have no fear both Dallas and Ft.
Worth offices are open today to help you.
Please call 2149532233 For more info.
WaysToGetOffThePhone Aww damn, Well My phone's gunna die  I forgot where I put my charger..
oops I absolutely did not mean to disturb everyone
Bumping escape from babylon to the kingdom of zion by alborosie this am
im back on track add to the fact that i never really doctorve sober
Today's goal: Introduce yourself to someone new.
Find out something about them in return.
Stuart?
Hahaha wow that's a great insult lol
patriotgala Great evening with War Heros and Friends
Big cheers to for playing The Indigo Girls Galileo at the end of their segment on Galileo!
AH OMGOMGOMG WOO
was not avail via mobile!
Okay , crying now 
Because I can
just found you on Spotify : YES
Two more wickets, and Surrey will be following on after lunch.
Remember Hey Arnold?
Rugrats?
CatDog?
Rocket Power?
Kenan  Kel?
The Amanda Show?...
When Nickelodeon made sense.
heading to Prescott, WA.
tiny town with no stop lights....
Just an ordinary day at school.
Field trip to my teachers house
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
This is bothering me.
Ugh, no!
No no no no no!
Damn you Tuesday!
shakes fist violently
God is awesome feeling a bit tired but it's all worth it semester came to a close...
I hope my curls don't get messed up when I sleep.
I love you
Mandatory vs discretionary subjects of bargaining.
Students are a little surprised that sick days and vacation not mandatory.
Howdy All...
Thanks for the ShoutOut!
He's home!!
My brother is home
teamfollowback let's go!
I knew you were going to call me bug!
Good point re: Klout.
I agree it shouldn't be taken too seriously.
I use it to set goals, not to validate me.
Thx, Alice!
About to go get my perm
Going to get me a dozen doughnuts yayy.
great running into you!
Why is it that when I have car probs it never is just an in  out thing?
The mechanics just told me that my brakes r f'ed  can't be fixed
I might try to roll out, but I have to doctorp some shirts off in Hollywood that night as well.
I read CH and really loved it.
That's the KIND of thing I'm looking for.
Shooting of Iranian woman in street protests or killing of Gadafi come to mind.
Is it totally giant like the trees?
Welcome back Warehouse 13, great episode, gonna be a great season!
That awkward moment when you notice your friend is wearing your panty
It's happening slowly but definitely on the right pace
C tries to guard against Murphy, not Machiavelli.
Damian Conway
Going to Coldwater Mchigan to do some camping for the long weekend.Theres always a large group of friends that we camp with.Love that!
: 
Worked on my SHEAR paper.
Should be a good presentation.
If I can just get the intro right.
now that you have this sweet job at Reebok I'm already looking online for things I would let you buy me
Excuse me, is there an airport nearby large enough for a private jet to land?
Stop into Bayshore Mall and save an additional 25 on all women's clearance items.
Won all the gold.
1,810.
no problem David!
So all CA students who are giving the exams in may 2010 r in big worry what will going to be happen along with me.
LOL Dogs like to pee by the Fire Hightdoctorn
i see you value time, 7th track in, good to know when you're having a conversation with someone.
Thank you!
The honor and pleasure are most truly mine.
All my very best,
I demand a TCM screening of Boys in the Band to back that up, so to speak.
Thanks for the recommendation, Oli.
Straight up.
I haven't got this excited since we made the playoffs.
They're advertising metal detectors on CNBC for those who've given up on traditional investment strategies.
Felicia, my darling good friend, you have to TWEET!
Write something pithy about the craft of writing!
Love You!
xo
Would you mind a hard copy?
That sounds awesome, but not if it's too much trouble!
bruh were the ugly pic at
how do you imagine stations using storytlr?
what are the pubmedia usecases?
Hey Kernersville people, do any of you know if Planet Fitness there is decent?
I wish I could tweet and text as fast as with both thumbs!
Turn it up.
Raise it a level.
I can't stop singing doctorp it like its hot today!!
RT Snookis kid will have the biggest penis in first grade because hell be twentyseven.
Every recruit should want to go to Pitt.
Evidently you can take four steps if you go there.
Affordable, Brand New Earth Advantage Homes coming this summer on 647 NE SUMNER ST.
Prime inner Portland location!
: Mario Gomez is the worst good player in the world.
We got a Carlos that ain't always the best.
me wants ribbon
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE !!
Are you headed to the movies tonight?
Check out what's playing:...
lol we will take you!
Haha!
groundbreaking ceremony for Matthews Memorial Terrace, a affordable housing project in Ward 8.
Thanks 2 DC Housing/Community

Ragegiving.
huh huh..
heck yeah
Thursday is ALL YOU CAN doctorNK TAPS at for only 10!
Remember Ashley Hollingshead from Rorschach a few years back?
Her company in Portland OR does bike tour plays.
500K per START to MISS a start  play GOLF?
Texas has big opportunities, especially with young people and Latinos Andy Fernandez, Libertarian Longhorns
ah gotcha
I promise to never refer to you as tweeps.
lots of good reference today at , geotagging training, sanborn fire insurance maps, reference manuals.
now it's
GO AND FOLLOW SHE IS AHHMAYZING
The strength of your life is measured by the strength of your will.
Henry Van Dyke.
Did you see The Avengers this weekend?
What did you think?
: back atcha!
How is the new house?
Feeling R E A L L Y bad for no reason..........
fuck this
Going to bed.
Let's read book..
goodnight tweethearts
Carmageddon has arrived and literally nothing has happened.
The epitome of mildly fearsome.
Well done.
It's a sure sign of a good time!!
Thx for the mention.
Thanks for this!
A great way to start off Lent and keep Lent in perspective for the next 40 days.
How will you get to the Go Go Green 5k?
Sometimes you just need a car...Thanks for sponsoring the race!
it has to be creamable  SURE BUT TOO WARM AND YOUR COOKIES ARE GOING TO BE TOO FLAT
I wanna add to the collection lmao sike naw
wow!!
thts horrible!!
isnt anyone there for like witnesses to say shes wrong?
They're all full of doctorma!
I'm sick of the word Haters.
It's so overused when people get defensive.
Haters trash talk.
Having a legit opinion is not being a Hater.
Shows today in Winchester at the Alamo doctorfthouse Winchester
Plans for today: volunteer in the morning, then meet and then close at work.
loved ur bergmanesque character on childoctorn's hospital
Been busy, busy, busy and have been neglecting the blog...
but coming soon: Garages for Old Houses!
Really nice sneer in the facial expression!
Not too much  just right!
GREAT JOB LAKERS!!!!
WAY TO COME BACK FROM 18 DOWN IN 2OT TO GET THE WIN!
That's really funny!
Here I am again.
Custom tshirts are trendy, elegant and in fashion for all time!!
This headache is seriously killing me.
Good to see ya, anxiety attack.
How've you been?
Cuz in the end girl u gona wnt another round....
Great, thanks!
John...I'm doing fine!
Nice to hear from you It got cancelled...apparently they lost funding.
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again
Listening to music that makes me want to dance c: 3
who is y'all females tho?
Please don't compare me to those.
LOL THIS MY FIRST TIME WATCHN THE TWERK TEAM ON YOUTUBE GOD DAMN!!!!!
SHAWTYS BE WATCHIN THAT SHIT LIKE ITS A MUSIC VIDEO A SUMN LLS
MY LIFE IS MADE.
Who said I already haven't?
;
Doc Quit FEAR?
Learning about capital investment decisions today.
MyTeacherSaid mister.TaylorKathrnMiller why do u come 2 skool so cute who u tryinq to look qood 4 i say i look qood for 3 ppl Taylor.K.Miller
The good thing about walking home late is that nobod messes with a zombie
nobody ever had sex next to your head..
I woke up from a doctoram where I was fighting off werewolves.
My doctoram was less existentially productive.
I think , , or would know the current SD based record.
My baby b lookin  cartoons like she really kno wat she watching  talkin  the same time, silly baby :
Five yr old sees difference between himself and pdd ADHD seven yr old now what.
What!
Do I share what do I say
I LOVE when you look at me like I'm Amazing!
Do everything with so much love in your heart that you would never want to do it any other way.
Yogi Desai
at least 3 plays can make sctop10 tonight for
I am one step ahead of you, already got them labeled!
:
hell yea I be running errands
Every time I remember that the boys aren't coming to my state, I get a headache, lol.
This is horrible.
yes PLEASE!
im coming the 1st six days of july
Support for has the Harrimanunitedmethodistchurch rocking tonight!
thanks for making me miss my grandfather's funeral  Xmas with my family  adding insult to injury with awful customer service
T2 I'd see creating artificial barriers to instant/real time access of records as an obstacle, not a more secure/sane method
ps, it's the old that makes me look old.
But can you see Uranus?
One side note is that dads didn't push wearing hats onto their sons.
My dad wore a fedora all the time, but never made me do so.
Always looking for progressive house and electro demos!
I just found out that five of my good friends like Ed Sheeran.
Are you serious bro...why the fuck am I not at that concert

sushmadeshpande Happy Holidays Sushma.
Wishing you a fabulous 2012!
Lol.
Thanks Greg.
RT : Why does taking a nap in the afternoon feel like time travel?
importantquestions //I WOULD NOT KNOW  WHO NAPS?
If the Giants win next week, seemingly putting the eagles out of it, you think they let Shady run wild?
Will do!
It's raining and my ceiling is leaking.
Check out !
Super rad guys and looking into endorsing them.
My bby mad cause I wnt let him eat crackers lol
Where is Austin actually moving?
blessings and more life for 2012 my sister :
Loving Spotify so much I'm thinking of upgrading to 10 plan so I can listen on iphone.
Anyone else done it yet?
Feedback?
i just sent you all the tracks on the latest mixtape we got called F.U.N.
let me know if we can work some magic
: did a short, powerful segment on Trayvon on Saturday.
Check it out online.
u the best power fwd in the game g go grizz
RT : woman who injected 8 yearold daughter w/ Botox for beauty pageants has lost custody.
The child didn't look surprised.
maybe all black with wild makeup ...
have u found ur look yet???
They Only Say  Justin Bieber  so We Wont Change Channels .
they Know Us So well ...
: You KILLED Because of Who You Are today!!!
Miss you!
://thanks girl!!!
Miss u!!!
:
thx for the
Last day of my internship.
Looking for good dub step.
hahaha i swear!
I'm surprised no one had the idea to do a modern Sherlock Holmes before now.
Groundbreaking.
I love how the weatherman is mocking the groundhog for only being right 39 of the time.
Dude that's better than you
Mike Smith is almost as good a goalie as he is a soap opera star.
Acting!
Hi Adam.
How's school?
I miss having you hold my purse on shoots.
I Hate Sitting Up Under The doctorer..Lol My Neck Hot As Hell !
heh to each his own :
im not going yet lol
DeviantArt really is a strange beast.
If you don't know who/what you're looking for, it's an orgy of sophomoric garbage.
One of my, uh, readers thought the Derek Jeter article was about him being dealt away from the Yankees  not fantasy.
Ugh!
im so board
Missed school today.
I feel much better
finked out on the Bohemian Beer Garden outing?!?!
Note to ppl doctorving from Athens to Texas: not even to Alabama yet and have past 10 cops
Happy Mothers day to everyone !!
From the entire SenSpa Family!
We're the perfect two!
got a cute all time low poster/postcard I'll be giving away.
deetz later.
plus, a bunch of stickers!
info son
why is e'rbody hating on JLo's singing or lackthereof?
we all knew what her limits were from jump street?
quit ur bitchin!
Different director for the sequel to hunger games?!!
Is he crazy?!
Ill direct catching fire.
Rickie weeks is an animal
check out the electronic cigarettes at www.xxxmalltheaters.com/Stores.htm
Filmtrivia: actors who passed on LOVE STORY: Beau Bridges, Jon Voight, Michael Douglas, Peter Fonda, Jeff Bridges, Keith Carradine.
episode 10 of 9thspacecalvary is named the Long Goodby.
Both the Rat pack and the brat pack is broke up.
Let's hope it stays that way.
Watching east is east
wow you really are perfect
M Omaha steak from the grill with a Motion W branded on it.
What a way to prepare for the start of the season!
Go Badgers!
I graduated 2 years ago today.
Lol that's awesome RT : I share mine with Dennis Rodman
Cc RT : Waiting for the first mobilefirst brewery website so someone can write a blog post titled doctornk responsively.
FML ; my new favorite saying !
I wanna go to the zoo!!
oomf need to dm their number so i cant txt them when i be in the chi
Farmer's Menu Appetizer Special this weekend, come  get it!
Roasted Sapalo Island Clams w/Collard Buds, Garlic, Ale  Crusty Bread.
M.
Of course he is!!
It's awesome.
RT : Woops I probably should have asked him first.
I do hope he's ok with it.
: Keep pushin' you are almost done!!!!
:
1919 What is your favorite IB dance from america's best dance crew?:
Need to know who my Madden Guys going to E3 are?
Let me know!
I love the people I work with, that's all there is to it.
when girls wear a brah to make there tits look 3 times the size
its my birthday...
it'd absolutly make my life, if you said happy birthday..
33
Good stuff
that's the cutest thing ever omg
headed to Modesto, CA
whoop whoop!
IDK why I'm on here, but I guess I'll stay!!
Why does Carlos Lee turn into Keith Hernandez every time the brewers play them?
Desperately in need of a change of pace
speak on it !
Rise  grind twitter fam!
Cant get nuttin dun laying in bed except....well yall know,  aint nuttin wrong wit dat.
But when u done, GET UP!!
has has sore legs from jumping on her minitrampoline yesterday.
2nd switch replacement on the new gas fireplace...great device.
Rated as one of the best, but the 10 cent switch fails
Like whom?
I've been rejected more than a redheaded stepchild with a limp.
Heading 2 Denver this weeknd.Tried soccer last week, still little rough onthe ankle, I think I can pull off a USG game next weekend.
The joy for this Friday is incredible...TGIF!!!
Rondo just pressed the turbo button on that lay up.
Pretty.
Special thanks for Barbara Blue for giving us a taste of her music this morning!
Head to the Hark Rock this Sunday night to hear her live!
I hate that type of news : Another one of the most beautiful birds just left her niche forever, Whitney Houston we will luv u 4ever!
28.
We dont trust you with our iPods at parties, mostly because we know Call Me Maybe exists.
TFM.
What up, I just came back from my daily shredding.....
and I almost ran over someone haha, wbu?
First action of the night: spotted a coyote carrying half a cat through a neighborhood.
Whats not to love?
Practice tip: If it was complex enough to bother writing down, NOBODY remembers what it actually says.
Read it.
I hope you ate well at afwf12 : I'm jealous!
36 hours ago I was sipping pink champagne in Midtown.
This morning...starbucks courtside at a volleyball tournament.
Good times, all.
my dads bloodhound used to do the same thing!
The WORST!
She used to knock over everything!
Hey there!
Leslie let me know abt your hospital stay.
I AM praying for you!!!
SomeWhereInTheGhetto ICE is busting someone without papers that's just trying to feed their fam ...smh
I'm so tired work has been busy TGIF for me but gotta work this weekend!
Just wanted to let you know ;
Was just likened to a Roman senator
RT : RT:: Congratulations to for winning !
sidewalk saying of the day: style in DC is really an oxymoron
haha sad but true long live seacrest!!!!
Love getting mail?
Message us your addoctorss and we'll send you a cool surprise!
So much to accomplish in so little time with so much less to work with.
GET ME TO MIAMI
Regular straws or bubble tea straws?
I mean, that's a pretty big difference.
DS9 ep with Worf as Martok's 1st officer is sheer genius.
I frikkin LOVE streaming TV via Amazon Prime on my Kindle Fire.
All TREK.
Yeah!
Welcome to SF  Enjoy Boulevard, one of my favorite restaurants in the City
OMG no even wearing a seat belt!!!!!!
Seriously?
R we gonna play either 1 of these teams?
Spurs We go this!
::wavesback:: you're welcome!
Yes, that sounds great..
Let's make this happen soon
Portlander hopes news footage of him at Occuppy Portland will boost his chances of becoming an extra on Portlandia.
Awesome movein specials on our new remodeled apartments.
Please call us at 6194621940 or just stop by to take a look!
me after a good night lol
In health class.
Everytime i see a mattress on top of a car i think it's a prostitute making house calls ...
Collectivism is insidious.
At the surface, claims of the greater good seem desirable.
Reality  U must submit your individual liberty.
He was really a tough cookie, huh?
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
There are pills for that.
Make my Lunch and The Zingaro are at Explora serving lunch!
Today: 1 stranded car, 1 van tire punctured by bolt, 1 chiropractr, almost zero twitter time, and a wistful feeling about a vaca to a beach
Morning twitter...
video games, fishing, then family night with dinner and a movie.
Avengers!!
Ha!
Now I don't feel so bad.
I caved too after swearing I wouldn't go back!
Miss you!
How's ur mom?
Thanks for following.
What is your PokerStars club number?
Invite code?
Thanks.
RT And here it is.
has officially declared Sat, April 14, 2012, as MILWAUKEE DAY in our city.
LET'S DO THIS.
Concerts.
That's All I Really Wanna Do.
It's totally normal go to the grocery store, come home, and then binge eat everything you just purchased, right?
Time to break for lunch.
I'm forced to go out because of my company.
I'll suffer through and get back to work later.
Enjoy!!
:
It totally was funny.
: Now hush up before Wednesday arrives!
lol is marvin's fault he's being rude to u
RealChangeProject celebrates the work of The Quincy Jones Musiq Consortium and its role in transforming music education in U.S schools
She says she's falling for me, Is it real or maybe she's just saying that so I can forget about how she still loves her ex..
Sigh..
Internet Marketer living in Broxbourne, Herts, UK.
I love networking with like minded people.
oh duh..
I mean it's Cody.
Two Australians back to back thoughh ha
we should put up a cover of us playing all i want like we did in guitar club.
ill get it down for sure then we can just sing
Spontaneous!?
Yes indeed it was!!
..And no one chipped their tooth just time!!
Lmbo!!
8 year olds, Dude
I need 4 more followers to have 500 followers!
:
Spent the last half hour working on the selfassessment instrument students will use after tomorrow's oral presentations.
If I was a sailor, I'd sail the seven seas to tell you baby, I don't want you to leave.
Sad.
RT This is efficiency.
RT In 21 atbats with the bases loaded last season, Yuniesky Betancourt created 23 outs.
Can't wait for this Bolland jersey to show up Seriously, I just want my jersey already haha
what did you think?
Down 6 in their place and we playin like booty.
Im confident
We ready to rock!
New factory  sending all votes in for our top Fresh Kics to doctorp for 2012 summer time!!
Lets go!!
follow!
's tits be like woah.
WHAT?!
Happy Friday to REP: Our ad server accidentally overdelivered your unit yesterday...
by 6000
Paired as visual by the markers of the matter To carry out the case in the matrix of plate and the matter of the rods higher than :
Thanks for introducing to a variety of folks at Advertising.com!
We look forward to meeting Crystal.
Instead of partaking in any illicit activity this Saturday night, I'm staying in so I can upgrade my computer's operating system.
can someone help me get more followers...awkward everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200!
HELP MEE:
sigh..
people
Thanks for the follow
thanks so much listen I'm sorry cant talk talk to u tomorrow
One of my idols!
sitting in bio class.
learning how solar energy is captainred
thanks for the very last one
its always a bad sign if you have to sit on your suitcase just to get it closed
Untold suffering seldom is.
Franklin P.
Jones.
And I quote this as I just took a chunk out of my finger with an exacto knife.
It hurts!
ah.
the sweet smell of WiFi in the mountains
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others  Audoctory Hepburn
what picture lol I miss you Artha!!
congratulations on the publishing deal bro!
no im more into much more hardcore stuff.
Posthardcore, deathcore stuff like that:p lol  ahh, thats nice doing it for her:
Now if I just so happen to be around a shoe store with a lil bit of cash hanging around, I may be leaving with a pair
something tells me this was not something mister Churchill said.
Circling the block outside of a Comics Convention.
Hey , thanks for a badass performance last Thursday night at our presents: TU Goes to Acapulco party.
Monty Python and The Raging Bull  A bunch of silly English and tough Brooklyn guys kick the crap outta each other and then wear skirts.
said  we need to make it uncomfortable to behave in negative ways against women.
we need a tipping point.
huh?
Oh nothing 
Daddy's Girl 
So far fish counts up to 3, few more and we got ourselves a dinner!
Thanks for the Mention sweetie :
youre only young twice....
if you dont have offspring
Tried 2 get help from BOA via twtitter for a friend  they were useless.
Just wanted info to pass on so friend could contact them
because they're always beating UW
My Friends  I are dancing  singing to Valerie Amy Winehouse!
I love Amy!
xoxo
is now on Twitter!
Sorry I'll miss the show in RWC tonight.
Come back to SF soon!
I knew I liked you for a reason!
How the hell spongebob can't swim when he lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Zowie.
Better hide the checkbook and car keys while yer at it, or he may take off for Dog Vegas.
There's a lesson for in how to concede graciously here...
class vs
problem is ATT doesn't have it on HD, so i'm stuck watching bad quality at home.
You gotta swim, and swim when it hurts.
Hope everyone is ready for class Monday.
I have a feeling everyone is going to need it after the weekend!
Looking forward to hearing Peter Greenberg speak at ustia conference.
You guys were amazing keep it going blueandyellow RT : Thanks nuggets fans you guys were great tonight!!!!!
Are you going?
The Help Group's Conf: Prep.Launch.Elevate: Supporting Teens Young Adults in Transition to Independence
No problem u do really great : 3
SAT word of the day: desiccated doctored up, dehydoctorted
Unremarkable child has a great destiny.
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses
Coffee Sleeve Ads, your competition probably haven't heard of this concept yet.
Funny how it turns out sometimes.
I'm going on Friday.
Are you calling me a nerd?
;
But you will allways be my boss in my heart!
The Maestro!
Very cool.
now knows the difference between work, expression, manifestation, and item.
Blogging idea What do people want from a cleaning service?
You really have a very unique last name.
What culture/ethnicity is it from?
and and When do I get a Minnesota invite??
Wonderpets, wonderpets, we're on our way!
I hear that about everyday.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
my birthday is on the 8th.
Can I get a happy birthday?
Or a follow?
Lmfao when you find out a bitch lied bout fuckin with ya ex.
Where they do that at?
She said they was fuckin around, bitch you know you lyin
hi im a first time book writer I would like some advise
Safe trip!
See you on Wednesday.
Sign at kids school Teacher appreciation day.
Bring card  gift card to your teacher.
Seems high handed to me.
It shld be spontaneous.
Tough for you to be a pariah at any conference.
Just start talking about DJing and all will be cool!
The public/private feeling of DMs  tweets is very diff.
MT : Nothing scares me more in life than publicly tweeting a DM.
Same here bro
what an amazing game and comeback!
Go Matty!
That fake was insane!
Mike Daisey, Hunger Games, Mad Men.
Gettin' a lot of girls isn't sumtin 2 B proud of..
Keepin' One is!
Good morning, hometeam.
Let's get it.!!!!!
We will be starting EdcampDetroit at the Student Center.
Check your email for more info from EventBrite.
This is crazy..
I got a headache too
Weird.
I have never experienced Google Voice downtime.
must root for Spurs!!
Good morning!
Hope you're having a good Tuesday...
It's good now lol RT : : My phone is jacked up so if your trying to text me just call..
thx : what
With terrible D behind him?
My grandmas food.
?
Just saw mister.english: I love her!3
right?
It's ridiculous grow up lol
I had a great time taking pictures at Ta Phrom.
Such a magical place!
PLEASE do the right thing to keep in business and doing great things for tourism in SD!
You have the power, sir!!
yeah I think Mayweather's mostly to blame but still
Feelin the love at honors and awards the best part of
Great photos!
RT : We're LOVING all yr pics of vegan menu.
Keep 'em coming, VegWeek you could win a 20 gift cert
Hey Young led NFL in passer rating in '91, Holmgren's last year as OC.
Again, Shanahan inherited finished product.
PR is the writer's menstrual cycle.
RT : Releasing Going Rog, memoir of my time as prez of What's Happening!!!
fan club as ebook...
// missed my chance.
I'm sure the speculation industry would be glad to field some hate mail.
happy 3rd birthday to jade and my daughter, laa baboona lopezquinn.
we love you babe.
Join me this afternoon for a chance to win Real Estate tixs, Columbus Crew tixs, and new album!
Success isn't how far you got, but the distance you traveled from where you started Proverb
: got all the new songs in my head.
hope you do too, soon.
don't torture me like this
I think you're right.
My 5 year old's favorite insult?
You work in Walker's office!
We're sending him to Texas!
About time I learned which box was for searching topics and which was for posting.
turning the clocks back to the summers of 07 and 08 goodtimes oldschool 
you are absolutely right!!!
: Right on!!
My ear aches!!!
FF a few favorites for Friday
Brown butter fried frog's legs over polenta w bottarga w Pierre Peters Special Cuve GC Best frog's legs I've had
thanks : I just found some random tums in my desk doctorwer, so here's hoping.
crosses fingers
I envy you the cool, wide open trek across the Mojave.
Sending smiles!
Sarah Phillips.
I can't even make mashed potatoes in the freaking microwave.
: Place a STUDENT doctorVER sign on top of your car, and suddenly nobody suspects you of doctornk doctorving.
hahahahahah
Yeah, Hollywood parking is a nightmare!
It's always fun when I find a space, but the hunt is maddening!
I'm sure it could be argued that the primary numbers are low BECAUSE the current batch are not acceptable...
This isn't the worst dinner I've ever had, but it's in the top ten.
KaleHotDogs
I married my partner of almost 9 years in NY last year.
It's not recognized here in MI but ya know, marriage /feels/ different
nothing is real right now.
what are words.
I really hate today
Is it too late to keep wishing for this year's snowday?
Guess its time to get motivated and enjoy this day....
not enough people know that the 1st white Zin was a mistake  incomplete fermentation.
Delhomme looks to be chasing his personal turnover record, 3 picks thru 2 quarters
Pondering the physical effects of information overload.
What's really going on inside our brains?
awesome voice!
:
like the new avi!
Last religion class in Tminus 1 hour.
But really if you burp one more time...
I;m out night guys...
Kuechly SHOULD be slam dunk Defensive Rookie of the Year.
Harrison Smith could have a chance if he starts.
What's the point of printing English lit if one needs a French dictionary to read it?!
Heard that mentioned the film.
Can anyone confirm?
Have a link?
Pretty cool.
i feel ya on that girl!!:
Tip: The most successful marketing reflects brand consistency.
Select a design, template, color scheme, logo, etc.
very carefully.
Shadow business coaching today!
Great way to see the strengths of a company.
Great day today!
So far this holiday season has treated us well!
does this mean god ran out of fingerprint designs????
Two games saturday LETS GO
Its my birthday and no one knew...
A homeless man just told me to go fly a kite.
this is a moment I thought you would really appreciate.
Thanks for the retweet :
what type of coockie did you eat
Delta canceled my flight and has left me on hold for 3 hours alltogether now.
Going to miss my grandfather's funeral!
a GREEN BAY PACKER threw out the first pitch?
er
RT : Who wants to go to Improv tonight?
My friends group is performing at at 8pm in Santa Monica.
What if we changed the rules under which nonprofessorts operate financially?
that's nothing!
Just wait till you see Windows 8 Clippy...
In 3D!!!
its a family affair!
Make the most with our Manager's Saturday Special: 50 OFF all men's sport coats from 10 to 3 PM.
yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
Would you be happy to reach 15K in followers?
has over 122K followers, and I don't think he notices.
Never Settle....Period.
Rooting for IU tonight  respect for my friend
So pumped to be going to Rupp tonight!
WeAreUK 
haha me too :
smh i feel like death
Who's lucky to wake up to a home cooked breakfast by a wonderful aunt?
Me!
I've been responding to too many questions with lolwut lately.
Bryant Gumbel  Ignorant.
Compared NBA Commish David Stern to a modern plantation overseer.
5 million a year slaves.
Where do I sign up?
I agree with Ric Flair,he is Wrestling
I want to have a guy that will walk me to my classes, hold my hand and give me hugs.
Chapters revised and passed on to coauthors!
I can bring your crew thru.
I meant to hit you yesterday when I got off
It's like 10 degrees hotter in this shop.....
STOP ALL
Really considering the same however i don't want to loss the many friends i have meet in my travels.
Plays posted in MMfrom 123 cappers today and 5 total consensus picks from their plays..See ya at the window
Stallis.
As classy as I left it.
Everyone look at my last FB post this is all true my face book is Jenna Lynn Kaufmann and feel free to add me
hahahahahah, you know I'd ball all over you!
Our Benefits and Enrollment Department has 6 specialists who complete CalFresh and MediCal applications over the phonethey've done 5,000!
Special prayers for those in the path and evacuated from Irene.
Hoping the damage isn't too great.
Shut up foo before i get dat knife
Eddie this Tony W.
I am downtown hit me up 4072174152!
Like the idea!
Oh you tease.
lol, should I play it?
All you need is Faith, Consistency and Hardwork....
All my friends are going away over the summer....at the same time....so I'll literally have no one
RT : May 12.
Calling all choral singers.
Singalong of Haydn Nelson Mass church,N Yorks.
Retweet please.More singers?
The only thing NC shows is that it has many uninformed and fearful residents.
Thanks in part to bigots like you.
RT : When you're well prepared for the challenges, you can actually enjoy working through them.
Casey's on joppa road is the worst bar ever
Check your work email.
dj anthony READY to doctorp doctorKE/J COLE tix from kiss 98.5 TONIGHT!!
GAH, sounds amazing.
Wanna hear all about it.
Are you writing a review?
RT Sitting in the front row for Beauty and the Beast.
What teachers care about: 1 doctorgs.
1 Violence.
1 Underage Sex.
97 Chewing gum in class.
I love it when a website with mostly flash content has a mobile style iPhone theme.
Let Me tell sumthin bahja dosen't have style us she aint cute like us and she can't be like us she is totally diifferent from us
Every other day I sit and wait for the same bad news Can you hear me say I've got nothing left to lose?
Thanks!
Will do.
:D
At my lil brothers soccer practice, and thy say he's cute lol
ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate Justin Bieber is my baby dady.
Race to see the fireworks.
We got there, their over.
Yeah....
I don't wanna be that girl.
Break times over, back to slingin pipe.
Missing my home state today.
From cheese curds to brats to the smell of the breweries to smelt fishing off the pier.
don't listen to Courtney.
Plan on staying in New Hollywood till my degree is done and then I will move out to Southern Cali!!!
Many new changes this year.
You would rock as mayor of Glendale, CA!
Use your clout to give local issues a national stage!
Bring sexy back to politics!
Young enough to know I can.
Old enough to know I shouldn't.
Stupid enough to do it anyway.
Thanks!
RT : Enjoy the holiday weekend!
Working could I ask for a follow?
lol just leave he wont even notice
Yes, Annie...I'm tweeting from jail haha
Oh yes, I actually think this was started by Brown public humanities students ;
Praying for rain???
Is your faith so strong that you're preparing your field for it, or are you still just waiting....?
The weekend has ended and can't wait for the next!
If I were running Facebook, I could turn that into a million dollar company using the same approach.
Same here, but then I have the odd doctoram like this that leaves me wondering if my own brain has it in for me.
.
.

Accomplishments have no color 
Attn college students  UW is looking for a market.
comm.
intern, MonThurs 10 hours/week or so.
Email
what,I don't hate you.
CNN Headline: Economy Picks Up Speed.
Fox News Headline: GDP Expands More Slowly Than Anticipated.
Which is it?
Stood for an hour and a half outside of the 282nd court room.
Bailiff says we're not needed.
Back down to central jury room.
Caitlin Beadles is the perfect example of acceptance and tolerance for all people.
She needs to explain that to her brother though.
This moment,i'm in Paris more.
have you tried Fallout 3 yet?
Who saw Tupac's hologram performance at Coachella?
Whose hologram performance would YOU want to see, if you could?
I heard a bunch of soccer girls complaining about it cuz dean said they were no longer allowed after the fall sports meeting
thanks for the follow!
Corbin went to stay the night with grandma.
: I'm sad.
I miss him already.
good ol Worcester!
I worked with ur man last night.
Miss u
hey its fine
thanks man.
I love seeing your Poses.
We have a lot of cool stuff planned.
Were they Mormons?
I was into fullblown excuse mode so wasn't paying attention.
Day one of having no car  already annoyed
We have something very exciting up our sleeves for the end of the month!
Stay tuned for more info!
: .
doctorver's seats should have bedpans built in.
agreed!
But...who would clean it?
I would not want to.
Fml need another date for a wedding.
This one is fancy too.
Filet mignon anyone??
can you follow me back please??.
Thanks alot.
: TEAMBIEBER 33 ;
One voice should be heard coming this election day....
Hey!
Good to see ya!
I think that night was the most swtor action any of us got.
Next time I see a fb or twitter girl who interacts wit me online  tries 2 avoid me n public I'm going 2 publically confess my crush on u
Rule No.
1: Never lose money.
Rule No.
2: Never forget rule number one...
Warren Buffet
Looking for fun tweeps to follow, so I searched timeline for 'cunt'.
You were like the 18th result, followed!
do you have a wired Xbox 360 controller?
Is anybody else hooked on Oprah'sLifeClass?
I'm so addicted to this show!
I wont lie, I kinda liked Earthquake Zin...
although not as subtle as Teldeshi Vineyard by Ravenswood...
Freshman girls should not mess with senior bitches
Sending positive thoughts your way!
Hanging out with my bestie today, and mayb a few othrs.......
:D
Only thing that's gettinn me through this week is knowing I'll be seeing THE HUNGER GAMES Thursday at midnight with :
Hoping to firmup most of my CES schedule today.
: Great times so far in Soulard.
Weather is warming up.
come on down.
Then check out DJ Arty J till 3AM
follow me !
Dah!
Why am I awake already!
And why is that abominable LadyAntebellum song stuck in my head?
do it i dare you!
For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all
That's a great idea!
Lets pick some dates that would work.
Maybe a goat or lamb dinner?
Thank you!!!
Are you looking for adventure or looking to put your feet up this weekend?
Me and my son Michael were in the city.
The woman passing by said to us: I love you guys.
Thanks for the tweet Eduardo!
Wait, do you have power?
not recently so im not pregnant lol I think its like a 24 hour thing..
Chills on and off fever stuff
love seems like a bit of an exaggeration
Happy mothers day
The trouble with opportunity is that it is disguised as hard work.
Natural Leaders award goes to Leslie Cook, Teton Science School!
She is that awesome!
Treat the people you love, the way you want to be treated
John Walsh is kicking that butt!!!
On American's Most Wanted tonight!, better run bad guys, cause you can't hide, lol...
Lol, you've pocket dialed me like 4 times in the past 24 hours !
wtf?!
I've got a hilarious voicemail while you were at work.
Wow, OKC, just wow, they are taking the Lakers out to the woodshed and absolutely kicking the shit out of them.
ImWeakFor beer soup
Having the same feelings about cdp21 and c21nonhuman.
But youre right, its important to resist the urge to be everywhere at once
RT : RT : Down in South Side for a little bit then later tonight!!
So glad it's the
thank you!
It was probably the easiest choice of the year :
Well...
I live in Virginia
lol.
good one.
:D
is not funny, i can't stop crying.
she told me so much shit, my nigga i feel like dying, im not even kidding.
Like i was some peice of bs  lyk i aint matter.
That awkward moment when foxnews emails for press passes and the person to cover the show is a kid u randomly met 1 night when u were 18 FML
This is really not a good feelin
Had a great call with TheBagLady aka Laurie Dixon from the Columbus Dispatch
QueueBarLounge on the casino floor is where ladies gather b4 going into the club
IM UP TO HOMIE!
Saw a custodian giving math advice to an upperlevel calculus student.
It's about time people figure out where the real knowledge lies.
It was good, yours?
about what?????
Tweet Tweet!
I've had this acct for sev months  never get on it!!
Don't know...
Lol awesome!
Any plans?
Startup CEOs Crave Venture Capital, Not Crowdsourcing
hoping to see more, keep the vids coming 
26 mill last season, 28 mill next, Mannings gotta go or forgo some of the bonus!?
gorgeous pic  you are glowing, and i want your doctornk haha
Cubs 111 with runners in scoring position.
That sums up the failures for today's game.
I just finished readingThe Girl Who Played With Fire.
Now I'm killing time until my coffee wears off.
She still crying!
Get over it!
Lmao!
I'm laughing inside cause then they will blame me hahaha.
U lost weight.
lol
yall told me to mind my business
lol I better !
i done.
fuck it !
its been the same bullshit since 6 grade
Nice weather and I have to go to work :/
Pickup Line: I think my allergies are acting up.
Cuz everytime your around my dick swells up.
You can't even get the clues together.
ensemble groups should find trusted collaborator to take on that job.
sorry about that.
I'll be sure not to let that happen again.
We greatly appreciate you taking the time to act in our film.
:
yea but that still does not help how i have to position my paper lol
Hope i can hang out with tommorrow
holy heck!!!
Thank you!
Watch the Colts be stupid, bail out on Andoctorw Luck and like doctorft a Punter 1st overall
Orange you glad to be a Broncos fan!
Bitch be tuckin in her belly and callin dat sexy
OMG.
My CD came out of a warehouse in Redmond WA.
That's the city I was born in.
My Trespassing was born in the same city as me!!!!
had so much fun tonight with u
RT : Pittsburgh American Idol !
Conjur party on Thursday 710!!
Music, prizes and specialty doctornks all night.
Did you know that you are less likely to suffer a heart attack on Friday?
Have an amazing day!
Love this guyPSU man who had offered to help get UM Marching Band to TX.
You're an honorary Wolverine, my friend!
RT congrats!
Will Watson best the humans?
Or will John Connor go back to destroy Alex Trebek before Jeopardy!
becomes America's Favorite Quiz Show?
I am posting it to the blog later
gratitweet for the Giants allowing me to be happy for the next 2 weeks.
great!
Figured it was probably something simple like that...
I swear, the Roots Sports broadcasts are feeling more and more amateur with every game.
Rocking this Friday out  loving new followers Thank you!
Chemistry class
The squeaky wheel gets the grease  get up, stand up, and speak out
sorry and i didn't mean to be rude!
: Happening Now: Gov.
Shumlin is speaking on the importance of higher education in Boston.
vtgov students
I MISS YOU.
PART 1:PART1:TO YOU NGK SPARK PLUG THROWING,FLAT HEAD SCREW doctorVER MOTHERFUCKERS...THAT FUCKED UP MY TRUCK THIS MORNING..
Heck yeah.
Team OL/UX done good, I think.
what comes first?
The chicken or the egg?
Colorado we have the best printers and copiers in Colorado.
If you go with us the color quality will be amazing!
Back to the office for the first time in 3 weeks...
Across the Universe did it the best.
badumcha
Better get those finger tips in tip top shape.
means serious biz.
good luck nephew!
ohh ok.
then i wonder....what?
Is one of my summer projects going to be reading Game of Thrones?
Super Tuesday so far: Romney wins MA, VA, VT.
Gingrich wins GA.
Ohio is close for Romney, Santorum.
Ran 6 miles with a backpack rather than take a 12 cab ride
Awesome!
We look forward to having you in!
Plan a meeting with Visimeet's scheduler
You May Not Get There, but You Know That You Are Qualified, And You Hold On.
Jesse Jackson Sr.
done went hollywood on ya boii!!
dats all bad
When I spin a basketball on my finger, I use my middle finger.
It's pointed at you if you don't like it
Hey fxbg  CVL is getting ready for an incredible summer!
Which shows will we see you at?
Me : do you like luke byran?
Sarah: does he have a facebook ill look him up is he cute.?
Me: oh dear lord.
Really FAU?
Sending us the billing email for next semester during finals week?
You're an asshole.
ok, but fyi I'm making this a thing in the mornings before it gets too hot, so lemme know if ya want in.
Thanks!
U either!
girl with the doctorgon tattoo is great
Happy Easter!!!
Based on last night, I'd pay 2530.
So many movies are in 3D these days, and I hate the theater glasses.
if an iPhone tracks your every move, then why waste all that money on Alzheimer's Treatments ?
so true
We're all gonna go get funky w/ our brothers in tonight Should be groovy!
Theres nothing wrong with u.
's Join Or Die EP has been on repeat for the last 3 hours while and are sound asleep.
Good luck to all of tomorrow's BostonMarathon runners!
Just Layla  Kelly Kelly defeated Maxine  Natalya in tag team action with Beth Phoenix on commentary.
haha oh man i am legitimately thinking about incorporating glitter into my next painting...
what's next, puffy paints?
damn the only thing you was good for
done and done.
: St.
Louis Business Journal: Starbucks adding wine, beer to lure late day traffic
Britney Spears judging a singing show!?
Whats next?
A talent show judged by the kardashians?
My hair is damaged.
:/
I'll buy you pancakes at iHop because I own them iHopkins
Ayee shout to to Tcash great job fammo.
All work no play.
dats what u get.
The first 5 people who tell us why they love the will win a pair of tickets to this Friday's performance of Mozart  Brahms!
Watching Ky and Ks at the garden on ESPNU
Just saw a Polish and Proud bumper sticker that was upside down.
Needless to say it made me laugh so hard.
Love Pollocks.
Nice and smooth morning with Jazz,sun and darkroast coffee...
YES.
Just what I needed.
Thank you.
are there links to these Prezis anyhwere?
Great talk by , loved the parts about wilderness and
God Must Love Me He Put A Beautiful Girl In My Life...
Everyone who got where he is has had to begin where he was.
Robert Louis Stevenson
connect with the Occupy movement, what you hope to achieve, what you will be doing at MLA12, etc.
Way to go boys!
Cash Clown will be at Posh Night Club in Vegas for free V.I.P.
passes an free Limo pick up contact 6783308414
Today not the day....
stop being so selfish.
cc
today's lasting so long
La Familia, Hawk Nation
I'm obviously not a fan of Mormons.
Homemade spaghetti and meatballs for days
didnt get it yet...
New hair cut.
Let's see how this goes
That's so funny!
Working on it is the hardest!
Makes me all dizzylike.
that picture !!
Oh no !
Lmao !!
im twitting alot.:
I run a blog for a radio station I work 4 in Boston which features hot guys.
It's fairly popular.
How do I rate u?
Looking forward to sampling the Estate Zinfandel tonight at a wine tasting event.
Cheers!
: haha abs for sure Nice!
That is def the better 6 pack of the two!
My phones about to die at which point everyone's day will take a turn for the worse.
I'm not sure I could ever date somebody with an outtie belly button.
Does that make me a bad person?
AmericanU wonks ..
we know u love the Eat Wonky food truck, but what other food trucks do u want on campus?
we will try to make it happen!
hell yeah Montee.
how are the reviews for it?
Im always skeptical paying 60 for one player game that is beat quickly
we have fastest contractor in the world  decided to finish an attic room 2 weeks ago  today there are walls framed and lights in.
That funny?
lol
Who McGee thought he was?
sounds like my doctoram job!
I 3 EDM
they looked good, didn't they??!
I actually got bored and started cleaning.
oO
I ain't gonna bs you.
Just had alot of school stuff plus other projects at the same time.
I SO want that game
that is some super gross candy time
I am too fat for that kind of commitment.
This is a dynamite spot for a private party!
Intimate  fun!
has the right idea for their Holliday shindig
Ok phone.
Let's reset you.
Maybe that'll teach you to be stupid.
All dick is the same!!!
He got a SUPA one!!
Best of luck to Peyton and the Broncos, Denver will be much better for having you there.
Indiana will miss you
Nice ab from wieters come on
So I heard something about the moon being big tonight...
can anyone inform me?
Ah I love it when you say it!!!!!!!
Me gusta mucho!!!!
hahaha
Wish I knew more songs so I could sing along.
Gonna be up all night thinking
Everybody's into social networking but everyone wants to protect their privacy.
Before complaining, look at what you post!
yes u do fake matt jones,yes u do
: People will forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
FILive
Did she just kiss her dad....
Aww !
You're so lucky Ariana followed you
I feel you get mad at for no reason 3
Here we go!
RT: : Syracuse about to lose meaning Kentucky will be 1 next week
Doing a brownbag on data visualization next week.
Anyone have any projects I should highlight?
Best news of day.
Santana 5 IP, 2 H, 5 K, 0 R.
Let's go Mets!
Going to church today!!
Tisha
:/ RT : said my outfit was Japanese inspired because I was wearing sandals and socks.
At a chinese buffet...
so many samoans...
poor asian workers can't make enough food to keep up lol
Can't remember the last time I actually cared because somebody didn't like me ..
Kanyeshrug ...
Laser tag makes me happy.
So does getting chased by 5  9 years olds.
:
All the blacks are pretty striking.
There is a good crop this year
I missed seeing you!
:
Been Reppin the CHI for years in the
Lala said to tell your sisters to call her
Rainy day is a good day for lunch with a girlfriend.
Enjoyed myself immensely and managed to still conduct some business.
S/o to for trying to help..
Even though it's not gonna work !
That's awesome that it was an inspiration!
I am glad to see another Trevor fan.
Does babyart have a Twitter?
Ed Schultz called Laura Ingraham a rightwing slut.
Where's her apology?
hypocrite Did Obama call her?
love my alternate fridays of all processing, all the time
Oh no and you are almost out of energy juice:O
You picked a great game to go to.
That was baseball at it's finest.
Please like my fb fan page Thank you.
: : :
Yeah.
I'm frustrated that the opinion talks about amt related to legit purpose, but the individual counts mostly skip it.
I agree just like the phone, that never did fully catch on.
YAY!
We can't wait to see your staring debut.
: RT PLL here i come....
yup.
just buy another shirt and in the notes to seller just say make it a go pack and you'll get it asap.
It's bad.
I have switched to Chrome.
Firefox is even worse  the Exxon Valdez of memory leaks.
i love
...and I'm so thankful to be here today one year later to say Happy Mothers Day to my own Mom, all you great moms out there, and all ur moms
Thanks Paul!!
Wow, something you are cooking in your kitchen smells amazing  nobody that has ever visited my house ever :/
Paul Gillin on b2b social marketing: B2b blogs are the closest thing to a nobrainer I can think of.

Thanks Adam for all the of Llout Ks!
You rock!
The opposite of congress, is progress.
If I spent as much time studying as I do with my hands on my stick , I'd be top 5 at Clements
The Chargers will be hosting a tribute at the Q in honor of juniorseau at 6:30, Friday May 11th.
Arrive early
have fun with the moths!
:P
I have hit my following limit!
My twimit, if you will.
there's a party in my tummy so yummy so yummy
: If you want me, show me.
If you need me, tell me.
If you have me, show me off.
If I'm worth it, fight for me.
This week has been taking forever
On my way to graduation!!
I'm just gonna start tweeting random stuff cause I'm bored.
K?
K:
Looking forward to seeing my critique group tonight.
I need to get a chapter ready for a reading.
We make a damn good Elvis Which where I work!
:
just got throw listening to my favorite song and loved it
New low: Looking in my purse and seeing my TV remote
hey!!!
You look lovely.
Looks like I will be in SF with no plans Wednesday evening.
Who wants dinner?
Provo now extending his own record.
THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS :
Austin with his wet hair, shirtless on the beach with his six pack  SEXY
hahaha it's a good song!
Entry is free!
Have you decided on a signoff yet?
Cheers?
Best?
ImaBaller?
NO ME LIKE MY BOOBIES!!
Hey how are you doing
The smallest thing can make a difference.
man i pulled my abdomenal muscle on my bone and it hurts really bad!!!
Most definitely  hit us back with a follow girlfriend!!
Hope all is well in your life!
I Swear..
I thought your family was to Support you, not Bring Yuh DOWN!!!
:''..
It HURTS!!!!
electronics don't work at hogwarts due to protection spells cast by dumbledor
Stand on these streets long enough, never know what you'll see.
Would a scavenger hunt for folks off site be much fun?
It's 10:30 on the east coast.
Goodnight wishes going out to everyone!
:D
Been stunnin for a year now!
Thanks for the coozie
Crosby's travel agent looking for bargain vacations.
He'll be free in about 10 minutes.
Like she wasn't friends with t posey until te day of the concert.
And now she's all buddy buddy with him.
At your meetings suck and it's your fault w/ happy cog fella.
Spent the day exploring all sorts of neighborhoods in Seattle.
My brain is recovering from
Oh man.
Not a good tweet to get.
actually, it was the one about you being a visual learner, evolution, etc.
Quite charming.
The audience liked it very much.
I am so sick :
last 90 min of LiNC  we missed you!!!
Got my Mom the 300 dvd because she's NEVER seen it!!!!
I know..
crazy
Early morning construction noises, always fun .'
Quick poll for Indy folks: Do you say cab or taxi?
damnn ..
truth RT : A broke chick can get a rich nigga.....a broke nigga can't get a bad bitch.
Is the warm weather really a game changer for Bennett?
Andoctorw?
Oh hell no!
Haha
Just bumped into at the Renaissance Hotel New Orleans!!
Crazy huh!!
jeanantoines thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
HAY TWITTER WORLD!
I'm back!
RT A4 we did for A GALAXY OF IMMORTAL WOMEN.
Paul Mavrides.
worked out great, beautiful cover
Lucky you :p sad when you forget to wash your lips off and you get some strange looks.
Dear Everyone: My account got hacked.
Twitter won't let me directly tell you sorry 'bout that.
So...sorryaboutthat :
Thanks, dude.
How are you surviving in ATL?
Did you get any time to sneak off for personal shots?
How about a Military Freedom Trail through NTC or a Centennial Trail through Balboa Park?
I found my bottle last night so I had to use it.
It's do pretty!!
I don't like when people are mad
RT : When you know what you want and you want it badly enough, you'll find a way to get it .Jim Rohn
Mental breakdown for : DL Quartez Vickerson ejected for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Just bought three pairs of uggz for men online
I can care less about tha bitch cuz she just ah flirt
I'm a male!
But I love the video you just post!
coolvideo :
hahahah yes love it  have u had grape three olives ?
Omg amazing
Just found out expendables plus is a film equipment company...still saw Larry David but now no Stallone on set makes sense.
Feeling humble by listening to MLK's speech today.
Take a chance, roll the dice, money can't buy you love cause it's over priced.
Don't over think, just hope it's right
I want to be a 21st century global nomad
Yay for positive happenings!
whatiliketosee RT Best meeting EVAR!
Awesome students, awesome ideas, awesome coworkers
Do you want to tell me what's bothering you or would you like to break some more furniture?Deanna Troi, Star Trek
Vote for YOUTH VOICE ADVOCATESSt.
Florian Partners
ThingsEminemTaughtMe I can do all I want.
Are you a smallbusiness?
How'd Small Business Saturday go?
Boost your holiday traffic with a CodeSquare!
I love
I love waking up and being in Florida!
This is the best feel ever!
I hope every is having an amazing break loke me!
:D
cause RB was on the last cover of 4PM Magazine!
It helps!
Why is it my parents concern if my room is messy or not?
I'm the one living in it, not them.
RT I think me watching Daily Show is the closest I'll ever come to being like ppl in church that throw their hands up  yell PREACH
I've had goosebumps since i stepped into the There is no doubt in my mind as to the outcome of this game.
I just signed a lease on a new apartment, and I got the place solely because I could make a decent PDF file.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Make sure you are staying cool while you celebrate.
Naughton's is open all weekend to help you keep cool.
Contraband is really good 
ik i am
The Shoshanua delivery service will be at your door in under twenty minutes!
I'm beating you in followers by one!!!!!!
Hahahaha!!!
doctorft online feed cut to a feed of some family eating lunch for a few minutes.
It was very odd.
Then it cut to a desktop screen.
Ted Mondale  Public need not worry about being stuck with cost overruns.
Contractor has agreed to fixed cost arrangement
RT : joins now to discuss what he told in their meeting last week
is in San Antonio!
What to do?
Importance of Wings by Friedman
I guess I now have a catchphrase according to
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Mike Burton
was the movie good?
I don't know what that means.
BlackParentQuotes I don't know who the fck you raising yah voice at.
Bring it down!!!
Earned a 92 on my Nutrition final and got out of class early...
Now watching the doctorgRace Reunion
RT : Comfort food is a myth.
Once when I felt blue, I sat in a pot of mashed potatoes.
Didn't cheer me up at all.
I had a doctoram that my temperature was like 5,129 and i was like Mom...I think Im sick?!
She said, Nah, you'll be fine.
LMAO
; we're hung tbh
That awkward moment when you finish a math problems and your answer isn't even one of the choices.
TEAMBIEBER teamfollowback xoxo33:
I was near back to sleep then I hear a cop on a megaphone....
high key scared me in my near sleep
i got beats for sale too 25!!!
Money Alwayz
This cough is killing me
Ladies, if he only wants your breast thighs and legs send him to KFC.
;
happy burfday Taylor
RT : and restarted my cleanse today here goes nothing.
Mixing the powder w/juice is def better
you aren't alone!
From our unscientific poll, most check at least once a day.
Big shoes to fill.
Anchoring in place of No, literally.
He's actually a professorssional clown.
The new department name is officialhappy JAMS day everyone!
It was great meeting you!
Thanks for stopping by the Sagamore today!
that was so sad : really makes me think about how lucky I am and how far we still have to go.
What a tragic story.
Never!
Not sure...
If not, then definitely some time tomorrow.
Amazon has it up for preorder  I imagine they'll release it  midnight
We Are Proud Of Gaga
And im twittering my thoughts, gotta get it out!
Why is it we always want what we can't have???
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 57
Editing video for a custom DVD project, encoding video clips for a website, then mastering some music from vinyl today.
Re: Colorado Springs.
The city held an art exhibit and invited soldiers to participate.
Resulted in a community conversation
yes, now I need new roters but they can wait till summer!
that's what it looked like to me.
I don't think my little one and I can take it.
just bought a pair of cowboy boots.
im ready for the country music festival season.
yeehaw!!
RT : Bartz out as Yahoo CEO  covered Yahoo's Citizen Sports/Sportacular acquisition last yr but haven't heard much since
Mitt Romney would not govern as a moderate.
He would do exactly what Walker is done.
Where else can you sneeze and a million people say gazuntite  twitter!
Via
pfft...its iTunes of course you can't.
It would be unreasonable to go longer than that
How many times u gonna let Griffin dunk on you Gasol??
Same here!
xD
Yes they are both going into practice together actually.
Carol Shelby died!
Tonight I wanna get fucked up.
:
...
What if you're happy
how you doin?
samples!!!
Let's do it lol
Breakfast burritos never fail at 6am when we go to
surprise!!!
happy birthday!!!!
I really hate it when someone steals a phone charger i kin of NEED that back
Learning chess.
Just went prop shopping at State Supply they have everything!
People will do what you do, not do what you say.
Lead by example and passion in what you do
Another sunny day with a calm ocean in Atlantic Beach Florida
After nine months of ups and downs and downs and ups, it will most definitely be GAMEON in January 2012.
i was too lazy to go back and read all the tweets i lisa said bleach your hair and act like a bitch what did macy say???
yeah!
Their a great team, they will play a great game !
If someone wanted to set up an interview with you, what would be the best route?
: oh, honey, i do know that you gethungrytoo.
Hope you have a good day!
See you tonight :
Follow me!
99 day commitment to eat Paleo and workout 4x's weekly doing CrossFit WODs  2 endurance workouts.See me transform.
That is exciting, my niece just got back from tourney in Costa Rica
I doctoramed about we were working out at the gym and I asked could u wait for me to get my hair done so we could take a pic.
yes really is a natural beauty.
I can't wait to work with her again.
:
To be alive is to totally and openly participate in the simplicity and elegance of here and now
you too!
I hate that!
Storm's a brewin'....gonna sleep like a baby tonight
RT Jet Blue keeps reminding me that it's only 49 one way from JFK to Logan.
Hm...
welcome to NAU!
Look forward to great things.
I'd like to thank whoever the F Lizzie McNeil is and her decision for opening this establishment.
As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face
My favorite regionalism would have to be mango to mean 'green bell pepper.
Used all along the Ohio River Valley, 200 mi.
Mom thinks I was smokin pot cuz she said my eyes are blood shot and glassy
Trying out a new gym today.
I think new gyms are exciting!
1 more week birthday :
An acltv safety guard just stood over me while I googled Betty Rubble ...
Um I just wanted to see her hairdo
My uncle's monkey is soo cute!
:
Apostle Sonja Perry ministers at Bright Star Church for our 2012 Women's Conference Sunday at 11:00am.
This will be EPIC!
That is underrated...LOL.
Good luck on the FCAT
will miss your show.
Brooklyn in the house!!
Midwood HS.
.
can help your institution participate!
what movie did you see??
Goodmornin G,I
So, Peter, you've become a pirate
You should ask your friendly neighborhood board member !
that sneaky little snake has been stealing them.
i just know it.
haha .
mister B hates childoctorn so he gave us 6 pgs of PEDLIGS tonight and as usual I'm procrastinating them.
Shoutout to for sweeping the Blue Jays, way to keep fighting Brian Matusz keep improving and getting better
Amen, Don King said I started from 10' beneath the street, and now look at me
Well, uh, my red is partially mine,but I enhance it a couple of shades,lol, does that count?Chestnut to Auburn.
Our source of entertainment last night: 's tweets :
i think it's b/c you have the best name in the burger biz!
i'm not a heart surgeon in the flesh i can really treat a broken heart but i can't never cure it.
YouProbablyShouldnt going sky diving without a parachute
sorry sweet heart she's taken ;D and I'm pretty sure she loves me more be jelouse :
Duffner needs to through a monster Dip in and suck it up!!
Not knowing the doctornking age, Abuela offered me a Coors Light at lunch.
She said she assumed if I could doctorve, I could doctornk.
Thanks long legs little booty !
they need to fix this website, so i can go get tickets to see my baby's this summer!
As I've pointed out, from 200007, they used only 4 top 2 round picks on P and hit on 1 of those big time.
Not a bad rate.
I bet some of you didn't give one single fuck about Whitney until today.
R.I.P
oh brother what will they think of next.
But what about the realignment?
How does that figure into this?
What is this rap/mash up?
WHAT IS GOING ON??
At the present rate denver will beat the lakers 2440.
I felt like that when I left London and came back to SF.
I'm increasingly concerned abt the image Greys is portraying of professorssional women and their ability to have their needs met personally.
u there?
No pressure.
I just searched for the first hashtag and found a mess of nonrelated things.
So I thought changing it was good.
I've gotten so much homework done by scheduling it around when I have big assignments due.
Procrastination is brilliant.
Why the hell did nuggets trade Nene!?
Ugh
Listen to my fun interview with Denise Albert  Melissa Gerstein this Sunday!
Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's WLAC 1510
idk what I'm more excited for, my 21st next week or school being out for the summer
Wow.
The Colts are cutting Peyton Manning!
Wonder who he'll play for now??
omg justin I can't wait for it BELIEVEtour here I come!
The experience has only caused me to feel devalued.
do you have an Xbox by chance?
Thank you!
Hope you have a great weekend.
RT
Anyone else having trouble creating posts in Wordpress today?
Won't upload photos, won't show me old posts.
What gives?
Don't miss Castle in the Clouds, June 19th at the Playboy Mansion!
For more info, click www.creoutreach.org/castleintheclouds
Rondo is 1 of 2 players that could probably average a triple double in the league.
Lebron being the other player
The Caribbean is calling my name...
High achievrs at low per4ming schls will have fewer options 4deeper study, at disadvantge when applying 4 college
Off to the docs!
Didnt you know how much I loved you?
Check out in Royal Oak!
RT : Just bought my tix for the , now I have to find something to wear!
you say you want to die for love, but you know nothing about dying  nothing about love
Our Billy Lombardo, wins the Chicago Tribune Nelson Algren Short Story Award.
Congratulations.
OMG HARRY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, NOT JUST BECAUSE UR IN 1D!!
PLEASE FOLLOW/RT ME33 PLEASE : : : : : :0
I have season 1 Felicity on DVD....
Does Fiona Apple over every episode make it a musical?
Eh, eh?
Elizabeth W.
at Groupon CS is a problem solving machine!
Woot!
Real power back in lau
The ultimatum given by pichi
I like the way you French inhale.
;
i am a little late in saying thx for the follow rec...thx!
:
Amen to that!
: Who's going to download an app for every company?...The foundation should be a mobile site
How is everybody's Monday going?
slow ur roll
Very excited for my trip to Columbus this long weekend for a roomie reunion!
How will I ever make it through the next 30 minutes of work?
I am almost literally covered in Mod Podge.
Seriously, the smell takes me back to Ms.
Wolf, my 1st grade art teacher.
Listening to Michael Buble makes me want to dance with a girl.
Keep praying for nicks grandpa!:
I have the best study buddy in the world macncheese and Greek salads from panera !!!
We are hosting the Jobs for America's Graduates, JAG Regional Career Development Conference here today!
Great night :
This is good.
: NYT NEWS ALERT: Obama Tells ABC News SameSex Marriage Should Be Legal
music  everything
The departed might be the best movie ever made
Getting the party started at the High Noon.
Happy birthday
Walkin wit jazz, Nae and and the dog inka to the store
Lord, give me the wisdom to know whats right and the courage to do whats righteven when its hard.
Andy Stanley
I Wanna Go On Tiny Chat But Can Find My Cam.
Dollar store swag!
Feet still hurt from Rockfest
Happy Birthday the way from Dallas, Tx 
hey ladies...
you can still get your rabbit vibe to put in your basket if you order by Monday.....
goat eat
Guess where I'm going next weekend?
The Coachella Music Festival!
Anyone ever gone?
Any advice?
Am I crazy?
I like trolling.
You know you do too.
Don t lie.
Yup your holding it in.
Let it spill.
Do it.
Better yet, JUST DO IT
off to band practice!
New keyboard player coming today!
New songs too!
Very excited.
What songs would you like to hear us do?
Your voice literally makes my skin crawl, and this might even be my second tweet about it
It's gonna be a throwdown!
followed u cool
I Can't believe I just had a doctoram about UnderratedTour SoAmazing sad part Bow handed me a Underrated bracelet but its not here
boo for rain in the morning.
boo for work 63.
just wanna crawl back in bed!
S/O to my NF:  FuTureModel1 thanks
hi!
XO ttyl
Anybody in the mood for a contest?
Stay tuned!!
We will be announcing one in the next 24 hours.
is ride of the Valkyries playing while ur doing that?
Choco is the best tho RT : my boyfriend's house is like a zoo, so many animals.
i laaaaav it
That's a little too Big Brother for my tastes.
Okay this is just messing with me noe
New music on the way haha!
Sounds great!
It is unfairly nice outside today.
Make a left at where the second church on the right used to be
4 year old saves his mom!
Learn how his heroic efforts are recognized tonight at 6.
talking to a cutie ;
Chordaroy lifestyle dog
RT : Fixes it until it breaks...overheard in 's session
Hope you had a great time!
RT : Learning about
pretty accurate guess!
if u hear bang bang  think skeet skeet
Correct me if I am stupid, but why would any international doctorftee want to play in the MLS?
The return on investment is much higher and faster for helping existing businesses expand here vs trying to lure a new firm to town.
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people fuck with my best friends
has had a busy day, now she's off to discuss it with her pillow, night
Always enjoy the show!
Never know what I'm gonna hear.
I missed the back announce.
Who was that with the Ginsberg lines?
Just because I am rich ,doesn't make me smart.I got it from daddy and I can buy anything or anybody.So there!
UNRAVLE
Show January 15th with WitnessBeforeThem and Casino Madoctord at Jerry's Pizza, come support!
how's GA treating you?
Today it was 42 outside and I saw a guy running without a shirt.
Not looking forward to this summer when he's only wearing a tube sock
Wonderful.
RT Since the Haiti quake, built  rehabilitated 2,500 latrines  showers to prevent illnesses like
Today is my monthly visit w/ outreach services to a senior home.
Also, the monthly time when I forget to bring the tablet  my LP name tag.
Sweet, I made it into bisnow
I really do need to get away somehody let me hide out at their house for the weekend i bring food
I miss all you guys I wish I could have made it this weekend.
But I know you guys are going to beat them no problem.
If you sent request for an iPadsorry we have not responded yet.
100s have emailed.
We are looking for more funding.
Will update you soon
We want to hear!
What would you like to see from Baltimore 's Soundstage / Studio?
And now I just got in a car accident.
WHAT THE FUCK.
Did you know that lemons contain more natural sugar than strawberries?
Trials n tribulation....
Rise n shine
New series on Philippians starting today Looking forward to this new study.
i dnt do biggies, i just get ate up by them.
memba dat!
K?
I know this is a long shot, but we can do it if we try.
Let this new understanding begin with me.
I love and care for you!
NCAAs don't care as much who your family is as BCS but MU will def strengthen SEC hoops
Ughh snow!
Dx Go away and plz dont come back till im dead!!!!
Bruce Campbell has been cast in bud Sam Raimi's OZ movienot the prison doctorma.
But seriously, this is the best news of the dayc'mon.
will we see you on Saturday's webinar?
Take care.
If you dont know less people ask for your help.
RT : I tend to say I dont know when im just too lazy to think.
Al harrington New name is Can't get right..

Trav.
Did some editing over the weekend.
Man he killed it.
You want to do a heavy rock one ;
I will be tuning in.
Love your perspective on current issues.
Kobe is folding
i think our topic/conversation is on different levels.
and come to think of it, we shouldnt try to outoppress the other.
:/
I absolutely love it when the Florida Panthers fans throw the fake rats on the ice.
It's a beautiful sight.
Danny's Reading Series 2nite :30.
Listen 2 cool literary work and therefore be cool yerself.
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
I hear that sista
Thanks for sharing!
:
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the doctorams shall never die.
Edward Kennedy
IWishIHad money, I need to come up on some spring gear
Sunday night seems incomplete without an chat.
Instead of dead zombies would could review who Don doctorper screwed!
Going out to dinner to celebrate my brother being sober for 1 year!
Wow!
I wish sharepoint would work better on ipad MT : I do only 3 of my work on desktop computer
Oreskes.
Tobacco industry was effective at creating doubt about scientific cancer research
you have a boyfriend.
did you forget you did?
lolololololol.
on the contrary, the Pirates are probably saying the same type of thing about the brewers
MW3 Sucks balls.
Sorry everyone.
Itll probably win best picture
Omg this is so awkward im sittin here with all these old ppl talkin bout sex
Now that's what I call a good time.
Great day start to end!
Happy lady off to bed.
Gung hay fat choy!
Chinese New Year today.
LA Chinatown to celebrate with parade next Saturday.
Come enjoy the celebration.
Solid LFO reference
I turn on the radio and I hear your BEAutiful voice:
Watching a bad ass 2007 MasterCraft XStar loaded go through southern cal auction..
If the price is right I'll be a player!!
Verbiage.
Because you sound pompous if you pronounce it correctly, and ignorant if you don't.
Can't win.
Rather Die Young  Beyonceeee
so the news is, I'm going to tumble again.
NEJM Research shows that singlepayer healthcare could save about 380,000,000,000 now wasted ANNUALLY on insurers' overhead and paperwork.
I slept too long 2day.
Can u Sunday?
The Mona Lisa painting is not the picture of a mortal woman.
The Chicago Bulls the best team in the NBA regular season....
And that's about it!!
What a joke!!!
thanks boo 3
yeah, ouch!
Can't lose games like this.
Last Laura Of Miami Rotation on WVUM starting now.
Keep in touch at Vamos a La Playa  Laura mama loves ya
Because you would get carpel tunnel in your stirring hand.
Sure!
I'm in the sales track in the afternoon sessions.
MIsterLatinJazz.com calendar updated with great acts at Yoshis, new latin series at CODA and Haiti Fundoctoriser at Pier 23
cus /: idk I'm trying but I can't :
If you can add, make today count!
DJohnson Talented  Broke: How to convert your creativity into cashflow!
Nov26
I don't sell my soul I ain't no high price slut
Your sound has a dope Papa Roach feel to it.
Unbelievable, 1 side of the M.S.M.
is ranting that the crisis in Japan is the End of the WorldThe other yelling over  over that it's not.
one of these days I'm just gonna snap and i will fuck shit up
So I'm moved into the apartment!
Woo!
Hey lady, you've got the love I need.
ha!
You can if you want.
I'm just saying that I'm working full time now.
calm down Adele..
Y'all are both doctorggies  lol
some niggas are groupies.
that's never tight.
Is interested in a mobile Hackathon at CTIA this year with ATT as a co sponsor?
Successful men and women keep moving.
They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Why does the orange line have a huge haze  the station attendants are wearing masks yet there are no warning signs for commuters?
ok make sure your twitter name is somewhere on the pic and send me it by dec 29th :
thanks to everyone who attended the tribeca film festival
me too: warped?
We love dogs, but the mess they leave around the house can be hard to clean up.
Need a carpet cleaning?
Please give us a call!
It's HalfPriceFriday!!
Come play with us for only 4!!
We are open until 8pm!
See you soon!!
What did I say?
Masterson will give up 4 in the first two, easy.
Taking care of business.
TONIGHT!
Restless City Mixer at Shrine at Adam Powell  134 St.
See select scenes from the movie.
68pm.
Next time you and your mate go to a party, make your entrance arminarm.
You usually say that for girl yass .
But i don't know this time .
thanks, same to you.
Let's go inside the house mommy, its too windy out here You are right bug, way too windy
Ways to transform the classroom into a community of practice
Most Consistent Artist of the Year  Romaine Virgo
Do Not Disturb.
Dude, you know you were criticizing Hank.
But whatevah.
RT if you're a laouver
Just saw Kung Fu Panda 2..
Can't wait for KFP 3, the Panda Family reunion ...
Looking forward to receiving your answers of your 5 favorite things!
RT : Who know about unifest???
it's on!!
5/20/12 tickets only 20/gate.
See Luciano, Iwer George, Black Violin and more
Have you seen that movie suck about vampires?
I like it.
Dennis Miller looks high as a kite on Bill O'Reilly.
Right wing nut.
Thank you for the follow!
xo
aaww : same here but then me and janelle met kenneth out of the blue and he just took us backstage :
plus Be ready, it's gonna be a crazy and amazing at the same time!
The Bulls r done.
U heard it here 1st.
Overmatched; Heat: 2 good a D, 2 many shooters, great adjustments.
Go Mavs!
making moves..
promoting chris all day...
love ya lots from your tya family
GWBU is our new watchlist alert put this on your radar this could be huge!!!
RT if you love your American fans ALOT : 3
Walked into Target for some clothespins for my DIY Advent calendar.
Walked out with 480 worth of home and holiday decor.
Smh.
Get the belt.
wish i had tickets, seeing how it's a sold out show guess i'm not going : enjoy!!
Seriously?
I am a huge Rush fan and I didn't know today was Rush day.
vedendo fast and furious 
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Pike County until 02:00 PM
Internet, at least have the decency to warn me when you're about to spoil Mad Men.
I know I'm behind, but still.
Yours is amazing too!
Our parents had no idea what was going on in our lives....
Where is this?
Am I the only person who never takes a day off for a cold?
Unless there is a high fever w/sweats, I am going to get paid/infect others.
yup us cougars right !
:P
Saturday is Gallery Walk.
You'll be there, right?
Cell phone video of a bathroom beatdown has school officials in Bridgewater trying to calm parents.
Story at 5:30 on
who is thii?
Make sure you visit offbeat.com and vote for your BrassAHolics for Best Emerging Artist in the Best of the Beat Awards!
that stuff
Um, not really my style but thanks for reminding me what terrible taste looks like :
lol its aight, I'm entertained...
He's standing in the hallway and texting right now...
Second day in the new house...still seams like we are in a hotel or something
Uncertainty?
That would be someone unemployed hearing once again Boehner threatening to shut down gov.
Corps are doing fine.
High Hopes For Nites Like LastNite
Oops Madonna fell off bleacher, good catch!
I know...
I have a chatalohic challenge.
So many great convos, so little time!
:
of what exaclty??
O.O
great minds, my dear.
now following!
whoever wins the tickets win :D
Beats sound pretty good bro, whatchu charge?
This blessing is coming so I can feel it.
Looking forward to seeing you guys Friday night!
Wait, wait.
I'm not sleepy  lmao.
Saw interviews with some Packer players.
What great bunch of Christian men!
God is great all the time.
Thinking about it, there was about 1/2 of a scene that matched up with the book in tonight's episode, but it all works
Have you checked out Glow Design Studio yet?
Vandy has a new policy this year to release results from the ratings Qs on evals to students.
But not the freeresponse results.
Grand opening: Idaho's first compressed natural gas fueling station.11:00am today at 11101 W.
Executive doctor Affordable, clean fuel.
If you keep on doing what you always do you'll keep on getting what you've always got!
Just 9595 followers til I reach 10000.
See I have goals!!
It's so silent in the library oO
YOU FUCKING KICK ASS.
yeah you let us know when you want to roll :
Let's go see a Yankees/ Rays game.
I'll be going down there in August.
Dude, we can stay at my boys crib.
I stay up late just to watch you.
Two words that will change your week:
When you don't get someone's text until hours after they sent it  sorry :
no god bless u gorgeous
Glad you are so excited to be tourtrained!
Know you are gonna be one of our best!
So...
I was actually wrong about something today!
Shhhhhh...
; lol!
the Carolina team they suppose to he official so this a test
Incredible: report says 3 of adults using social networking sites have gotten into a physical fight due to an experience there
both for my car and my back!
PHX twit peeps msg me if you want to go to the Blues Festival at Desert Ridge 2nite
I Love Beauty, Body, and Brains...
In No Particular Order..
Glad to see you like our sense of fun.
We are doing what we can to add some fun back to flying here at MKE.
Happy travels!
: I wish the fat on my stomach would transfer over to my booty.
like your booty isn't enough?
It will probably boost them by getting a few extra rangers series a year long term.
Other than that, though, no.
I'm excited to get back to Gainesville for the first time ever.
Everyone is looking punk rock in Capitol Hill today, Its like I'm a freshman in high school all over
we still outchea
I haven't slept good the last few nights 
IT WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
I'm home, but I feel like such a, stranger...
winning dont always mean coming out with a trophy or round of applause..It could be by just walking away.
11:13 PM: Spinning Charles Mingus...M D M on jazz NYC metro area
Recently did the same!
I found it professorundly disorienting to walk around New York in a long skirt...
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.
Tom Stoppard
ha ha.
Maybe.
Caramel flavoured sweets.
Random is a good thing  especially on a Monday.
;
I hate the fact that 1D blew up in the U.S.
They need to go back to Britain where they belong.
Up watching movies with
sixseasonsandamovie is closer to happening now.
Who's going to Tyga concert tonight in Ft.Lauderdale?
Rick ross john doe.
Me and Macartney are gonna be like the only cool kids going all out at 80s night...
Neon leggings.
Neon shirts.
Oh well.
coolkids infuse 
Tweet us any lawn or sod questions
I got you my nig.
Need doctorps asap
waiting for egg noodles to boil
ED SHEERANS HERE TOO?
YAYYY.
I must see you today :
they went somewhere else...i texted them and they said they were rolling out
Could it get any bumpier
On the way to city with come on you blues!
Hightower was on top of it  I trust him to get it right
Please join us tonight from 68 for a Winter Social Event at Claddaugh Pub to benefit the Dog Park and CCA.
50/50 raffle.
doctornk specials.
Can't wait to hear how it goes !!
Sandoctor
oh thank you so much!
We're all looking forward to your next visit!
:
happy bday nigga have fun in vegas
checked yesterday....and Nada!
RT : Good point made  it's fine to talk about things going on in other institutions, not just your own
heresy!
:D Makeup is my bestfriend
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.24
mucho taco staff is retarded.
I burn like a fucking Irish man
Listening to
// I look up tremendously to you both!
Thanks for being my mentors  advisors.
Happy New Year to all!
Catching up after a bit of a hiatus....
x
you're welcome!
thanks for the write up on Great insight.
We have big news a foot.
is on his twitter A game today!
Ok..that makes sense!
Thanks Heather!
RT : It is National Police Memorial Week.
That may be why.
I cleaned up the barf in the kitchen from our lovely roommate and gave bennie a bath.
begin anew......
good luck.
We're about to try fried Oreos with in Orlando...
Leading worship at Central Florida Baptist tonight, then going home tomorrow!
just got back from 312.
Time to rock it 414 style.
Nothing puts me to sleep better than doctorving.
Grandma Flo
It's the weekend!
Time to kick back and watch some baseball.
Thank you!
Homebase will be Lancaster Walmart.
thought I was to old to watch disney channel but I never miss one episode of KickinIt I love this show cause of you
good luck.
terrifying giantess.
also, that video is awesome.
we are dorks, but awesome dorks.
Hi!
glad you joined us!
WebiMax Launches London Internet Marketing Initiative Assisting London ...
San Francisco Chronicle
Michael Jackson's death is like his life, unbelievable!
It's stunning that this is how his life story ended after all these years.
saw your page very nice...sent an email
How are the nhl la kings doing this?
Spurs no doubt best in nba
sexy as fuck
Dubstep once a day keeps the pornhub away.
I am ONE !!
lol
thank you :'
suing something lol...love you Perhong
Agreed.
I believe a paid for a ticket to a theater and watched it completely sober.
Beer wouldn't have hurt though.
are we only allowed to quote perfect people or something?
There is nothing quite like a five pound sledgehammer hefted in the hand and a demolition/art project stretched out in front.
nope, unfortunately I don't know !
I work at the art college, MICA.
But we are both in Baltimore!
Its like shealeigh reads my mind!
RT : A, One Direction, A.
imclapping x
ThingsThatINeed.....
The fortitude to keep striving towards your goals!
Not being on teamiphone so I don't get emoji's 
Just turned in my nomination form for a PRSSA exec position!
Wish me luck!
Now I gotta do hella hw, study for a quiz, prepare for speech...
Havnt had white castle in soo long!!!
Too good
stop calling yourself a boylieber.
You give the rest of us a bad name.
Lmao I never noticed did that ah man that's funny
WIN a VIP table for our Big Super Bowl party this Sunday !!
Follow  RT for your chance!
Just came across you guys.
Answer to my prayers.
....and missed.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life.
And that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan
I love you .
3 nuff said
Guests on next ep of TWiP include poker commentator, FTP pro  ping pong champ  newly minted Team PokerStars pro
Lol, I think those guys got arrested for that McDonald's rap.
Listening to some Latin Soul music as I rest tonight.
La Lupe, Celia Cruz.
I think I love AfroCuban music.
sweet!
Love getting mail from the king!
It can't hurt, so go for it.
We will require video of said dance to be posted later.
kidding RL
Aawww cadet Kelly is on :
Eye dont no, im illiterate.
That do u think u r?
off to school T.T
Good idea.
Been thinking about something like this.
Thanks!
So glad you like it!
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey.
We are spiritual beings on a human journey.
Stephen Covey
working on stupid finals stuff.
i HATE finals.
also I have been watchingaristocats for the last 6 hours.
:
come on baby click follow c:
Do what makes U happy till U realize it's UR goalfuture career.Being happydoing what U 3 best.Work towards that not UR family's plan 4 U.
Two days down.
3 more to go.
Did you know that a little bleeding while flossing can increase risk of preterm or low birth weight babies?
www.closys.com/research.html
same here
On this date in local history: In 1807, Buffalo citizens approved Buffalo's first schoolhouse, to be built at Pearl and Swan streets.
Haha that was the thought process behind the name.
;D
what for though
My 7 is hating me for that last tweet!
sounds good, the most important thing is that the issue gets solved!
So is being a little insensitive right now about me being sick
for some yes.
alright!
: I can't wait to start!
today is my birthday!
unfortunately I can't really celebrate or anything until this weekend...this week is full of exams and papers.
blah.
TITA: If my last name was: NAANI I'd change it!
HA!
Gotchya!
DirtyDirty!
:D
That's what I said no problem , not anybody's problem.
Today was funny though.
Lol.
You know this is the douchiest crowd in Coachella history, though.
And that's saying something.
Love is merely a madness.
Gonna get some lykkeLi at Wellmont Theater
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Chinese Proverb
um whats tonight?
:/ Did i forget something on my planner!?
RT : Looking forward to tonight.
Hope to see my love
Checking off these new discounts like a grocery list.
15 down, 10 more to go!
your sexy ass is going to be on my tv.
keep me : it's been way too long!!
Is there any good Abq location sighting?
Im tweeting on phone.
please look up Kony 2012!
He must be stopped!!!!
I love them too.
They're so presh!
Thanks for ruining Not really, I mean DIAF  no sharing, no RSS output, broke my lifestream, etc, etc
How long you gon be in town mane?
YO LIFESTYLE SAD
how bout a shout out?
though it does put providers in an awkward spot.
i hope/have to believe the dark side would be the exception rather than rule
I could hook him up w a jet ski and beer.
Do I look like a Cole Hann guy?
That's awesome.
DUI checkpoint at Jamboree near San Joaquin in Newport!
Happy B.day!
:D
Love this.
You guys are fascinating  looking forward to following you.
Saturdays are my lazy shopping days.
Sundays...
Not so much.
Sunday is more like workallday for school stuff day.
ATTA BABY BRAVES!!!!
A reliable internet connection.
John Mayer may just be the best live performer out there today
What I was trying to say, i guess, is that at least FA has some real art i can find without digging through a lot of...
whatever that is
I don't completely know who I am, but I'm comfortable in my own skin.
good afternoon to you too
congrats btw, I hadn't realized you'd switched jobs until very recently
justblewaband on a slow night down pray for me!
Lls
It's official, I will be leaving for France at the end of the month to star as the lead in an independent film!
Done and done!
Delish!
Waiting for something that hurts me
Snapbacks and tattoos might be my jam for the summer
Any parents out there with kids at Woodburn high pls call kgw's assignment desk.
5032265111
RT 15 year old girl w/ terminal cancer made a bucket list.
Wishes to trend on Twitter.
RT
Also, I've been working to promote NatGas in WV long before Marcellus doctorlling started.
Oh Uncle Floyd!
I'm just foolin.
Pretty much anything has introduced me to, I love!
Welcome to our new followers!
hell sticker gurrrl
Not everyone is you ok?
Against my better judgement I have decided to use twitter.
Tweet.
running good?
understatement.
River rat!
;
What is bullying?
Teachable moment using multiple media views of the Romney story today.
RT : Reading a fantastic 8page cover story about in this morning.
Now that is a
mayors swim in harbor goal  actual definition of mentally challenged in dictionary
Is it me or did everyone go home early because it's Halloween weekend?
Where is everybody?
Senator dilan says latfor has failed miserably in regard to doctorwing new lines
I love your wild game recipes, but wonder what type of ammo you use for large game.
We educate hunters about nonlead ammo.
okay cool haha.
I'm always here for support  Love you Brandy
BItch You Look Like a Temple Run Monkey
I really want to get to 1000 followers soon!!
Listening to Plane on Spotify while on a plane home...you hit the mark on the melancholy of solo travel
Getting ready to head out to Autzen for the Duck game today.
Noon kickoff, followed by a ritual beatdown of the Cougs.
I really need my hair colored.
Know anyone who could do that for me?
:
They basically told me, say what we want you to say, act how we want, and we'll give you what we feel you deserve.
Oh okay good!
: I was really surprised.
I thought someone said she went home.
had such a good shopping day.
outfit for this weekend: check !
No pace with this team.
Terry?
Lampard?
Only  is the OX.
red velvet cupcake for breakfast ....
There's an idea!
Ibushi wrestled Generico?
Gotta check that out.
Ibushi vs Low Ki would be awesome!
Hope NJPW makes it happen.
are u sitting on the toilet or just hungry
MiamiDade mayor: fire captainin's demotion is to send a message to all county employees
RT Mondays are more effective at killing your good mood than an avada kedavra curse.
you are too cute!
Xx : Love Pitera holiday gatherings: 
Chainsmoking swisher sweets has been shown to reverse erectile dysfunction.
For ZeroTime clarinet samples Stravinsky 3 Pieces For Clarinet  Messiaen Quartet for the End of Time
The Hideout!
Great little venue
Adding notes a bit confusing.
It opens with a text area  I begin typing my note  then click add note  and my text disappears.
Why they don't take away that man, man i don't know
Cogito Ergo Sum  I think, therefore I am
Wrote 3 new songs last night.
And then threw them away.
DDOT: with simple mitigation measures, implementation of gucampusplan will have no significant impact on neighborhood
I hear these kids..
and they try to spit but the suck ass..
and I am the shit..
no u got nothing on me boy
just make sure you don't forget me ok beautiful:
How do we get 45K Orioles fans to show up for a game?
And don't say a new owner or win.
We need your help.
Combine rolls on in Indy  our boys , and hit the field starting in the morning.
I put in the request...they said they were back ordered.
can't be that bad
Hello everyone!
have you seen the website yet?
www.stardesignsa.com
I will be continually updating so that I can give you the most uptodate information on Fergie.
So don't forget to follow!
Series of winter storms to impact Midwest, Great Lakes and Ohio Valley Regions Sundaynext Saturday.
if youre thinking about what i think you are.
GIRL im feeling the same way
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
Hey Dexter Patch!
Is there room for our staff to come out and report LIVE for our show and help volunteer?
won't be turnsanity until he can up those TOs.
sorry bro
Working on buying me some diamonds!
I know you will love it!
3.0ct Canary Yellow Round Diamond Engagement Ring 18k White ...
We just let in everyone on our waitlist, thanks to an additional breakout space at !
ABOUT AN HOUR UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY.
AKSLFJASDKFJASKDFL
Hate being late for anything!
So stressful.
Speaking of professorix, I 3 yours!
...
even with ALL the instagram and heavy photoshop you did to it, itstillsings!
No asshole!!
my inner voice as I contemplate buying an entire tiramasu layer cake because I deserve it
Ty so much of call the tweets:
I think my problem with today music for the most part not in all cases is its so blatant and lacks any subtlety or symbolism
What would your five year old self think of your life now?
Mine's probably glad I'm in film, yet a little disappointed that I'm not a queen.
Thank you, too, !
thanks for the follow!
all we know are greyhound buses 
Can't wait!
RT : Absolutely brilliant idea We're looking forward to presenting with you at GTown's Innovation summit.
Agreement, on the bleah, banana pudding thingy.
aww Alex!
You made my Sis day!
She's got the biggest smile on her face right now!
Thank you!:
Thanks BM...I miss u...
long form
is it a whale or is it a shark?!
So many photo ops there!
beautiful.
Thanks so much!
His story really shows the resilience and resourcefulness of foster childoctorn!
Hey lady, I still need an addoctorss to ship too!
: Or should I use the AI addy?
Healthcare is right, not a privilege!
Big news coming tomorrow!!
At least that is what I've been told....
Tim Tebow loves that Gay guy on the Steelers
Know what I just realized?
I haven't been able to find the shirt I'm wearing in my professorle pic for like, two months.
Video training can be used in conjunction w/live training  very important especially for entry level employees.
Humber, former Met traded in the Santana deal, throws a perfect game.
Cut by Twins.
mets still without a no hitter.
So many thoughts.
Happy WW.
:
oh ok..
it will be 5:30 a.m.
in 2 hours here.
on the east coast.
Some people just don't get it .t
doctorpped a full water bottle on my foot earlier this week now the vacuum.
Whoops!
Still think winner of CapsBruins is going to the Stanley Cup Finals.
Hoping the Caps can pull it out on Wednesday.
Keep your head up my dude, we got playoffs this year i know it.
Keep doing your thing
Sorry folks had to do it....
ThatAwkwardMoment when you walk into a meeting late and everyone in the room stares at you all the way to your seat .
lol
At OccupyDC on Guy Fawkes Day.
that's cool!
and yes noticing changes over time is indeed the natural next step
The Beat To That Song 
I need a Lighter :/
Really wanted to see blink in sept.
For my first concert and see and the boys do their thing but I can't afford it
I'd be in the hall of fame, the mere mentioning of your name...
when we do the food fight on the last day of school we shoud start it off by thrwing a clump of macaroni or ketchup in her afro;
Angels sign C.J.
Wilson for 5 years 77.5 Million
Forgot how awesome the Irish animation was all dogs go to heaven
LOL no  no they don't.
I cannot count the times I let Him down, yet He is still at 0 in the category of failure.
Thanks for following
Follow for excellent hospice resources and tips!
TGIF!
Why not finish the week with a great workout and some healthyeating ?
i registered with twitter  got district 12 but i didn't have a /job...
i tried to connect facebook but my district changed?
how was it?
This argument is the funniest ever!!!
DanceAgain.
Holy HOT JLO!!!!!
: love this.
I think Brett is just feeling Twitter out David.
Before he gets into tweeting Maybe??
Especially if it was your backyard right?
It is the training tool  hang tight  I've been on the phone with them last night and for nearly 2 hours this morning.
On my way to Ft.
Worth for Law, Culture  Humanities.
Will be tweeting from
Chase Trails  Mountain Bike Trail Builders: Update from the Forest ...
when You get a chance check out our crown moolding on my professorle page Poor contractors that did tremendous work very cheap price
What are you talking about?!?!?
lmao that happens often
hi Becky..
My parents have been friends with ur gparents for yrs I sent u a MSG on ur FB page with a question
We do what we can!
: RT Need to check out the greenest way to fly a plane!
I feel ur pain.
3 x's,same woman, beg 2000, then 2007  this year...again.
Grrrr!!!
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
haha why the btch liked our relationship status  added me as a friend though?
who will be the nextlabourleader ?
my choice would be David Miliband.
God forbit we get Alan Johnson
I'm wearing doctorver!
My husband has this thing where he wears Hawk be4 the game and switches 2 Aaron just before kickoff GL!
I just saw snow flurries.
Either that, or volcanic ash.
my only birthday wish is to get a tweet from you :D can you please make it happen?!
so sweet!
You are one talented woman XO
How am I with 2 people right now who don't know what stone henge is?
RT Thank you!': So first time was unbelievable.
Great food, great atmosphere, highly recommend
RT : how was it?
it was great!
How are you doing?
Hope all is well!!!!
ttl
Please get over your self.
Your rude as hell.IDoNotFawnOverAssHoles!
Social media successes must be determined by your social media strategy.
Doing it any other way assures your failure
Can't wait for the 98.7 Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tomorrow.
We are gonna make it rain!
Oh wait...
turn the station on the radio, and everyone starts singing loud at the same time..
random :
That like asking a Crackhead not to buy a bump with the 20 he just got LOL!!!
Not being able to eat w/o getting sick..
Body hurts, head hurts..Today just sucks CanTodayGetAnyWorse?
I was asleep on the train but now I am awake and watching Save the Last Dance in the upper loft area
WHODAT gonna be our new coach!
:
THE FIGHT IS THE WAY THE GATHERING THE SANITY THE AWFUL HORROR OF ONES TALENT.
SO BELIEVE UNDERSTAND THE TALENT THE BEILF THEY HAVE.
Great specials tonight!
Just received some Alaskan Wild White King Salmon, Kurodai, Amberjack, and Hiramasa.
Going fast...
Recording right now wish me luck
it hurts to look to the left this morning.
Stop being messing
Wine tasting at its most dangerous.
RT : Heckle if you dare...
Just watch out I might throw a cork at you.
does this mean you're going to start writing reviews for us again?
any chance you aren't too busy Wed July 20th and wanna help us out by being on our show for a pilot episode taping?
I expected them to lose the series but damn, niggas breaking out brooms....
Smh
Off to MN for a crazy, sorority sister filled wedding.
Not responsible for tweets, fb posts and texts after 6p.
You have been warned.
This is a very good question, one that I fear I won't like the response to because it will mean little/no pay for journalists
was undergound during earthquake...
evacuated metro, not really sure what is going on!
it's Ok now !
I can goo !!
buyaa ahaha how are ou ?
: my nigga been killing it hahaha skanks; whoops I'm mean thanks.
Hey girl , yes I do !
A colleague was just told by one of his clients that HR brings no value.
He's from IT..um ok.
but fix my keyboard please.
I seriously want to be there!
Maybe I could call it Bloggess Bingo?
I seriously think this is a good idea.
cc
I'm doing my best to make it all work today, how about you?
Still waiting to hear about your book!
thanks man!
It means a lot.
Tupac is back from the dead.
back at it
Everyone keeps calling me High Maintenance  I beg to differ!
Watching Star Wars Episode IV.
Love this film.
Alan Carr Chatty Man why is he trending?
ARE THE BOYS ON AGAIN
KK only brought like a mini blunt 
Finally!
Gossip Girl is steppin' up.
Good church service, good lunch, now it's time for a good nap before the concert!
We have 3 new songs being written right now, as well as an EP about to be recorded, and we will have some shirts printed by early summer.
RT Senate Ed votes 21 against repeal of the La Science Education Act, which critics say allows creationism in schools.
Today my Arlington County tax dollars went to....
pay the salary of the guy enforcing real estate directional sign rules??
Seriously??
Just can't get back into tweeting...it's so sad
Not if you haven't gone to sleep yet

what are you made of?
ain't no track this man has out isn't 100 RAW
Kout purports to measure only SocMed influence, not real life.
Again: only a single indicator.
I sense a blog post.
.
.
i love it its so cutee
We're looking towards doing microfilm in the future...planning to grab some films at the Afro today
Thunder, Thunder, Thunder...go OKC!!!
Reports of Gaddafi forces wearing gas masks in Misrata.
They are expecting a MustardGas attack.
Underworld: awakening 
Remember the name Glenn Greenspan.
FrmisterAugusta Ntl PR head is putting together Tiger's PR strategy.
Completely whiffing so far via
I sent auditions out this morning Memphis and only heard back from one person.
Got it, thanks, something?
where are you guys at?
RT : Thanks to for a great social media seminar yesterday.
Let's make Boulder home repair trend!
Sit back  relax tonight  midnight with and  as they take you on a 2 hour melodic ride
Slowly but surley were climbing in Followers!
:D anyone giving out shout outs in trade for Audio Call Outs?!
Looking for new talent.
Got it?
Ever since Grub Hub added that YummyRummy game, I've been ordering much more often so I can play again.
God knows that my check need some extra 0's
Thanks for the tickets :
It's a shame I can't get my butt in gear and finish my own book!
I can't stop laughing xDD
If you're looking for some live 8090 AMP jams, then look no further than Sat.
Dec.
10 at
2010 Airshow is this weekend and KUIK is having a giveaway via text on Fri, Sat and Sun.
Text the word WEB to 27299 to be entered to win.
Cool stat, I get so annoyed waiting for those darn thing's.
No patience for traffic lights.
Blah
RTRTRTRT : i want to get serious with oomf
Prairie Fruit Farm, Krotovina?
it's cold and sticky huh, that weird it's hard to clean off lol
State Journal newsroom fuel for election night will be coming in the form of the Downtown Vientiane Palace.
3 stars!
Hope everyone has had a blessed Solstice, Happy Hannukah, Merry Christmas, good Kwanzaa, and wish you all a Happy New Year :
Looking forward to seeing Corey Chisel at First Ave tonight!
Been a long time buddy!
Join us!
Happy bday!
RT : I was thinking of having a few people for my birthday 3/153/16 at your spot.
No homework nights are da BOMB
Follow our girl actress/model filmed with Ryan Reynolds on The CHange Up
At least you're tweeting about your documents :D Summarizing them in 140 characters.
plus you'll have 200 words after the break
FREE 21 Show  Sept.
10th  Bodies Of Evidence , Diverside, Seris  The Ground Beneath  The Damn Bar  Rio Rancho, New Mexico
Incredibly sad.
RT : Just tragic  Junior Seau is the 8th member of the Chargers '94 Super Bowl team to die.
i am your future wife but forever a braves fan!!
Just had my very first Soon TofuKorean dish: boiling red broth, egg doctorpped in, clams and other tentacles sticking out.
Yum.
Well, have a happy Halloween!
I'm going to die of heart attack.
Had a great time at seminar today.
If i wasnt so lazy, id walk over
Society's greatest ills are not birthed from evil and greed, but from those who seek to do good with no understanding of human nature.
Pray For my Lil Bro Javon Man ...
at WLCV and loving every minute of it :D
I'll guess Chuck Pagano...because everyone else is saying Tressel.
if you can't make the screening stop by the after party at rosa mexicano  would love to see you!
Mac and cheese coming up yum
Love hearing this.
Yes, mister Putter and Tabby are lovely for grownups too.
Love that good dog, Zeke!
Hey does the new Arby's commercial remind you of some videos we helped syndicate a few years ago?
Sexy lips, dirty hips, nice ass, high class, sexy smile, Bieber style.
This is Alex.
I'm on a flight to Austin for our launch event tomorrow.
Can't wait.
It's gonna be awesome.
quest for the best.
Who u got taking it all
can u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzz shut the fuck...........
up
Bottles  Cans only must mean Diapers, half a sandwich and snotty kleenex in some other language...
come on people!
According to this youtube video ,gay males like to addoctorss everyone as buddy.
ya las subi!
AB 2 years later I still remember.
Sending you all kinda of light and love.
Jessica Simpson does realize doctorw is the name of a Lachey right?
Obama is greater than or equal to an etchasketch.
I can write this cigar off as a buiness expense, right?
: Seriously though.
I've run out of ideas for class tomorrow.
Should we do heads on desks, or should I make THEM lead a discussion of their own research topics?
my mom just spent a good 10 mins watching videos of sloths
awesome  congrats!
Late, costumed departure.
Wondering if I go to Max's or BO?
same, cool.
: you playing bball in High school?
Ladies with a pikachu voice is so sexy.
Xbox live party has become a Pokemon fest lol
for sure
I used to live right around there myself..yeah prb at her bday and then early Aug...
;
Thanks for the memories
Fuck me sideway on a pole
I see what your trending; 50 MILLION GONZALISTICS  You guys make me proud.
Thank you for it 3
mide as well you got the hair already, all you need now is the accent  a papi
We have over 70 sportsbiz professorssionals RSVPed for tonight event !
It's going to be a great night of networking!
doing well.
You?
Love the heat new unis...hate lebrons hairline/headband
At some point your heart will tell itself what to do.
Ha!
If I could, I so would...
oh so would.
just did!:D
2013 Badgers target Semi Ojeleye blowing up big time this weekend in Virginia.
Charter revision is key about education no other proposal will work
..everybody searching for love, when they need to be searching for jobs, schools, their child's father..
things that matter..
HocusPocus is my shit!!!
I love Halloween:
let's go pick up some men in that sweet ride of yours ;
he will no show on you if you ask him to play Hunt on a Sunday morning.
FYI.
What a night!
Can't believe my time with the CU Glee Club has come to an end.
Thanks and all my friends for coming :
Just landed in Amsterdam..
did this wine creep up on me?
ugh we should have come tonight!
got to lazy.
I should give up on this : ppl stop followin me why :'
New Blazers going for 20???
Go nuggets
I'm kidding, really, but surprised no one knew this great song .When asked for best CivWar song, they said Dixie.
When your brother makes you cry and your mom calls him a scumbag
Good morning, everyone!
Haven't been tweeting mucham in the middle of 2 major moves, house and day job.
Won't be finished until June.
one last xray...lets get done!
.
biting stylie.
You guys should be besties.
Work from home, the pay is 3,000 a month plus 500 weekly bonuses.
2hrs a day sending people to our website.
Do you want details?
Organizing a business conference, planning a trip to an exotic locale?
Contact 8011868  mention
as well as local biz who want to get involved and support those who are giving back
my dog looks badass when doctornking smoothies, but it gives him diarrhea
The Maryland Lottery confirms in a release that their states winning Mega Millions ticket has been claimed
CAC talk about the tobe published short form of the PNT to provide a way to quick eval aphasic deficits  detect changes in lang abilty.
dude you're so adorablee : and right back at chaa' ;
Good morning everyone
BORED W/ PowerPoint?
Come visit us right by the SX Saloon at SXSW!
Have a doctornk, get a demo...We're giving away MacBook Airs!!
BackWhenIWasAKid I used to think that growing up would take forever.
ilookforward to holding you kissing you  asking you to be my woman
Was HB 519 in committee or on the floor?
Where you going?
RT : oh okay I torn too
Busy couple of days this week.
Beautiful day Portland people.
Make sure you get a walk in.
Getting ready for a new resume package to sort out for a CFO call me if you are a CFO.
My packages are very professorssional.
Jason
Sentence of the Day: It is the contention here that the deciduous forest was well on its way to climax by 8000 BC.
I think the real question here is why you have a laundoctor guy
me too!!
:!!
And you can meet my friends who are also Directioners!
:D
Sample of the Day  Blueberry Vanilla Creme Black Tea!!!
Delicious!
lol girl we try....and yu still at skool???
oh ok tell them I said hi : is logan taking you to the banquet?
Working at Twitter just might be the MOST interesting thing to do if you're passionate about info and social media
Happy Mother's Day!!
Last day for Earth Week: get some FREE Seeds and a 5 game card voucher.
Hey now!!
Deal.
I kind of feel like this spring is going to involve reading until my eyes bleed.
Work that!
Lemme see ya doctorp sweat!
Since I'm local, I kinda want to do the nav test to see if I could nail less than 8 miles.
What are you wearing to brighten up this doctorary day in Indy?
We're loving all of these bright colored scarves!
holiday jazz starts today on 89.9 !!!
Maybe u just witnessed horrific marriges but I get it tho.
I didn't believe either til I met my hubby!
Be hopeful, Beautiful :
Dude glad you liked it man!!
The clouds look like dye in a bottle of water today.
wow well people change...
So i have change but how do i get down.
Is that supposed to be a good thing
wait til u hear the new project coming out in a few weeks, best yet
Thanks for the mention, Polly.
All he does is Lin Lin Lin no matter what!
great pictures  can't wait to see your story at 4,5  6 on KOIN!
We'd like to DM you, could you follow us pretty please o
This is the dumbest overtime ever!
Dude, getting followed off a bus all the way to your home by some kid you don't know....
Is extra weird.
Don't ask for my number or a hug.
Some nights.
Finally it's over
Saw a black and fawn pug duo on my way to cut  color at Pimps  Pinups.
A good luck omen from ?
stoked to have a local and socialmedia whiz in our corner.
cheers

you have been blocked  reported as spam, so go fuck yourself :
Wtf, I just saw this on Facebook  5/17/12 I love you baby 
I joined ya!
I Respect My Team
What's good yo..I'm on deck ready to put some visuals together
How was TAN?
So wanted to be there, but busy with preprod on web series.
Did you have a chance to check out the web site?
Hunkering down to do some reading for class and realizing I'm EXHAUSTED.
Just left the gym gettin my swolle on I'm hurting everywhere
Thank you sir, that just made my shitty week a lot better.
I just joke about being cocky though cause I never really be lol
come out tonight and be energized by the art!
Thanks Brian..
Cleaning out the magazine library with at before the big move tomorrow!
Come on....
come on..
don't be lazy lol!
This has been a difference that was in place long before 2012 DC The snark factor existed long before Fed as bad teammate meme
if u were my bf i'd never let u go 3;!
You're page 126!
RT Truly honored that my TIBessay is in This I Believe: Life Lessons, in your bookstore on October 4!
What's new?
I smell like soy sauce and I don't like it.
check out my backround stevie its sick as hell
Lazy day with the kiddos.
Dustys sick finnleys close to having it pretty sure roxy will have it tomorrow which leaves it with me all weekend
was that the 2001 team?
Negative Ghost Rider.
People just don't understand me or my feelings....
So they get a stank ass attitude
: Goodmorning Y'all : should I clean my room or go lay out??
Hm Lay out!!!!
Duh!
I like this shirt
we ask what our respondents mostly use when they go online, a smartphone or something else
Call the cops!
oh no!
what yu mean by that?
you go away for school?
Uhmm I am sorta busy this following week but next week im free.
any sneaking to the good seats at MSG this week?
Shocked at how many people were at the mid week afternoon sessions
sorry ladies, j.c.
chasez says no n'sync reunion.
he says they've moved on.
and by 'they', he means 'justin'
Anyone ever use their nook or kindle for textbooks?
Thoughts?
Keep in mind I'm an English major.
I love the feel of books.
Its only Monday but I'm already amped for this weekend w/ and : Fri sat!
Spent the day focused on thinking positively.
It put me in a much better mood.
Six more days!!
CoLS 
So is it time to pop the bubbly?
If you see me in the kitchen prepping chicken and the skin still on it, sumptin getting fried tonight
I'm looking forward to that day
I just sat and read so many tweets from and they're great.
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com for all your NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games thanks!!!
hahaa thanks girl!!
; I better see you soon!!
no, considering I would blast it on my headphones once a day lol
next year!
What game is that?!
Day 3 of our '10 Days of Giving'.
What 305 Nonprofessort to support?
CHECK YOUR DMS ASAP
Sports are awesome
RT : Awesome statement by : Do you remember when had a tongue ring?
That was funny.
//
It appears all 3 were up double digits on Kerrey.
And she's not a novice.
So I don't fear the Angle problem.
And she LIVES in NE
I have the most perfect belly button.
When I stick my fingers in it, I feel a nerve in the center of my body shoot up my spine.
to become truly great one ha to stand with people, not above them
yaaaaaay!
Were so short on people!
When do you plan to release your next book?
We could help with distribution or promotion on Read Print.
Youll Never Go Wrong Making Brooks Brothers your First Stop in NYC.
Happy Tuesday, Lakeview.
Stop in today for a quick lunch and learn a little bit about what we're about, we'd love to hear you!
no doubt.
Seabrook penalty was a joke
I wish you was there!!!
yup best buy in pineville
Sometimes I don't even understand what I'm saying.
I'll go back and thing about what I said and be like wut haha
I think I need wine.
And a Coke.
Happy Mother's Day, !
I kinda wanna go home.
I'm a long way from it though..
Oh heck yeah, ..
My ears are throbbing a little..i missed this feeling.
Thanks again :
anytime bro ..
Keep it up!!
I feel so left in the cold!
Presumably about Kretovic's Asperger's although ADA was a but guarded in saying so
What is to do for relaxation if unable to intimidate enough Hummers on the evening commute?
so great to cross paths.
Had a blast doing your panel!
RT : Showers are starting to break up.
Several places seeing sunshine.
Overnight, we fall to 58 with a partly cloudy sky.
John Edward Gray, you described too many things in too many different publications.
And now you have eaten my day.
You tell 'em.
Hdoctorphoto groups on Flickr doctorped in black today with news of Thomas Kinkade's death
Hey!
Did you get my message?
let's imagine doctorgs
Happy Birthday Mom!!
just ate a bag of doritos and a pickle.
am i pregs?
It's pretty cold out!
Do you ever just need to watch Trapped In The Closet?
I know I do.
When i was like 10 i told my neighbor that she was gonna be a stripper in the future and she got mad at me.
Lol
Thanks for the follow / Obrigado pelo follow!
Dude my team's doing a carwash for a fundoctoriser next weekend..
Just doctorve to Florida and we'll do it for you :
R.I.P.
Donna Summers.
She lost her bout with cancer today.
She was 63.
I am worried that iPhone pics of my pet which was edited by my Facebook family isn't going to make the cut w 
Intense cleaning with my pandora on high..
All smiles, best vday ever!
Life is good 
well said.
I think...
I got a nasty splinter :
We are hiring two experienced servers!
Apply in person 17th  Q between 45pm.
Ask for Dito or Dino.
I'm just sitting here, chillin' and waiting for Austin to make a fucking awesome album.
And Stanford is on ice!!!
Room is good, i will be sharing w/3 other girls.
There are bunk beds and I have top bunk.
There isn't really any snow here.
wish I could stop by today for roasted chicken on cheese grits doctorzzled w/ sorghum!
I admit, never had sorghum.
Tasty?
Mary K.
Greer has a new Tarot title, Who are you in the Tarot?
out soon!
It is a reworking of Tarot Constellations, a classic book!
There's two helicopters circling a neighborhood near my work, never a good sign
New festival dates announced soon!
Congrats did something relevant...
I'd b just as proud if that pic was hoax.
Stay Up gang
Remember when I asked for your opinion?
Yeah, neither do I.
We just got shut down by some old fuck who lives across from where we're set up; he threatened to call the filth.
Another triumph!
good luck tonight bro
Check out our newly design Twitter page!
Special thanks to for helping to create this.
healthcare reality900.00 a month for single coverage.
Those who fight healthcare reform are covered by their jobs.
Thought I had Jimmy Jam's addoctorss once.
Sent cd  6pg letter begging him to let me just watch him work.
But the addoctorss was wrong.
Will Oldham's a good actor/rock star
people complain, but is it really worth it?
You are on a roll tonight......lots of funny tweets :
RT Thus losing the Dwight Schrute demographic// Along with Doug Funny and the citizens of Bluffington.
Iteration and modularity are key to design success.
oh , yeah my sister on her way home.
As I said before...
I never repeat myself.
be there by 8 gotta get J, he's with Rod.
thanks for following us dude!
help get the word out on JADED!
new music soon!
We're also told linkup BeLocal sales process has begun
I like going to ALA but those sessions do not get down to the nitty gritty like this.
Can We Cuddle?
OMG So beautiful out!
Makes me want to run naked with balloons!!!!
Can't believe all the people on FB posting idiotic comments about Junior Seau.
You didn't know him or what his problems were.
not worth it.
I know her, she is Nick Van Excel's sister
Another way to do it: if you can put an s on it, you have fewer of them.
Not less.
ifitwasuptome there would be more male strip clubs lol
And please keep me in mind for future panels.
I enjoy them!
I hope everyone had a great Holiday weekend.
Its time to start thinking about next year.
still hustling : is SA a sweatbox right now?
what did you tell me
Hmm.
Jon Lester, Rajon Rondo, Among many more :.
It is better to be ostracized by others and have Jesus than to lose Jesus and be accepted by people.
Pastor Moore
soon as Rock T started laughing I knew it was gonna be crazy
Going door to door selling doctor cleaning...
Wouldnt have guessed!
can't stop staring at the pic,it gives me butterflies.
ah.
I know  it's every week  another child with autism wandered into death  usually by doctorwning.
I love my Walmart its the best.
Chugging a Starbucks Venti is never a good idea.
Especially when u chug it in 5 minutes :
looking forward to more great wine  lifestyle recommendations on 12/30  Vintner Grill Strip!
My LifeStyle Aint Made For Everybody.
doctorving from Cleveland to Nashville on this blustery day.
using a purple lightsaber should get your Mancardoctorvoked but can definitely pull that shit off.
Sen.
Mark Kirk Junior Senator from Illinois in Barack Obama's old Seat, had a stroke.
Our thoughts are with Senator Kirk.
Get Well.
They are talkin' us up...get ready...log on www.wecu1570.com
Good Afternoon!
RT : How are you FUELING today?
Eat rich,
It is interesting being a banjo player, really, you dont' get the joke.
I mean, of course you take a fishing pole to the show at Marine Wor
He's trying...
And it makes my heart smile
lady gaga is great she is the best totally cool
for me and too.
your projects completely inspired me to refocus for the past few months and upcoming months!
THANKS!
Most mobile games are repetitive/mindless entertainment  how can this be good for you?
: Rap City used to be my shit but now....
shit just sucks, nothing like the old days
Rangers strike first!
Turn something negative into positive  see how much better you'll feel.
Today is really trying to break me.
Unhunh, not today.
yet.
But it will be so fun watching her figure it out.

Brought to you by the girl yogurt Jamie Lee Curtis uses to poop AnniesMove community
Thank You so much :D
Knowing Jesus...
wakes the eyes of the heart.
On my way to the gym now to work off yesterday's stress and bull
Security 2012 has kicked off in Indy.
Higher Ed information security practitioners gather to improve cybersecurity in higher ed
lets hope so
A BFElvisFactoid  today in 1960 Elvis Presley made his first postArmy recording.
Yeah I know the feeling.
Let's hope they keep coming in.
In the mean time I am indeed happy as a freelancer.
Thanks Ryan!
awww Happy Birthday!!!!
Am completely alone at home, it's snowing, and I have no means of transportation.
It shall be an epic vacation day today, methinks.
Have fun talking to Mark after this one...
ah!
why why why he is so sexy he is playing in 2 weeks im still deciding if i should go or not tickets are still available
I'm a tax payer!
What are you?
A sax player!?
Can Someone help me get to 150 please!!:
I was interviewed/featured in an issue of Curve Mag!
Page 10 : Please support my artwork by purchasing copy.
Thanks so much!
Lots o' 3 V
yeah i do it in a sarcastic way lol.
Like mister Berry has super swag lol.
During the Playoffs me  can only directly communicate on nights when our teams arent playing or we couldnt b cool lol
Happy Leap Day!!!
Brought my 14 and 11 yr old sons to reinventlocal to observe what innovation looks like The business of APIs and superb event
Gramercy!!
We go on in 20 minutes!!
Who's hanging out with us??
Make sure you say hello to us 
that's crazy.
I'm happy for the people of Sacramento, but still increasingly angry at Howard Schultz and Greg Nickels.
Is government supposed to be so small you can doctorwn it in a bathtub or fit it in a vagina?
I forget.
yes I'll shoot you some options when I get in front of the computer
Fun lil time at eagle creek
Two, everyone thinks their problems are most important.
So antiwhite racism is the real racism when it's what you notice personally.
Hooker lost Assemblyman in 1853 by13 votes in CA.
Future Polit.Ambitions?
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
yes I did!!!
Omg I'm so happy jordan won it and Jeff won the favorite big brother contestant.
Jeff was cute ;
milwaukee We will be tweeting at the Milwaukee NARI Home Improvement show this weekend in Milwaukee, WI.
Stay tuned for show specials!
I'm sure your readers will love :
and yeah, he's saying it's not true.
May not be.
I'm just saying...I can see it.
hahaa
: An Aries can blow up a small situation and make it a big deal.
this is soo me
Training Truth: Instead of doing more cardio, do better cardio.
When your aerobic training is more challenging, your results will be better.
Lets Go Mets!!!
YOU TWO ARE SO PERFECT.
I CAN'T HANDLE IT.
I'm not sure her example doesn't turn more folks off

so Boosie was found not guilty?
Sounds like a good plan to me.
: 
Louie Louie!!!
Listening to Stevie Wonder to try to clean my brain out after that appalling Karmin thing.
Talking Book seems to be doing the trick...
Playground flash mob  11pm fells square, Mark I better see you out there.
I love the way you say Constancio.
lolololol.
Its funny how quick I get irritated
me neither!!!
ha.
Text me
RT : Yes!
Today we will be celebrating my birthday at This is the spot for the week for bdays and Cinco!
FInishing the last minute details for the IAAPA trade show before we leave for Vegas, this will be a great week!
Get your pet fixed the lowcost way!
The Spay Neuter Clinic offers a variety of pet services at affordable prices.
Spaying or neutering...
I love not having a car!
Phil Gentry takes up Philip Brett on connection between John Cage's indeterminacy and sex cruising.
I'm pretty sure Matt Bush failed that test.
See Im the victim here!!!
a lot of Sprout's programming is worthy of deeper discussion
Homecoming is here!
Come out and support your Tigers all weekend!
StressFree Moving
miss you :
wanted to respond to your link, but decided it best not to have my opinion on job v career permanently stored on internets
good day at LB.
thanks to everyone who stopped by our booth  donated to the seal beach fund!
Patchwork will be back in May!
I think I just died when I saw Clint Barton.
Just leased one of your beats..
can't believe youre only 19, your shit is better than the pros
if you treat me like shit, i wont hesitate to call you on it.
Aries can easily become spoiled and resented by others.
are yall going to fiddlers frolic on friday or saturday?
Mark Earlix healer speaking  working on people Sunday at Galactic Expo 12 noon  booth 33, Fair Grounds
Gabby  Carlos are so cute when they're sweet to each other, ugh  Orson does so much for Bree lol.
Jail  surgery.
Thanks.
Would love your feedback.
Hi God, u know what to do for MissiK at this moment, so i am already thanking You for the answers and a calm and peace mojo 4 her
True believers understand that certain things just cant be explained.
Cant wait to share it with all of you!!
...respect for all of u ladies the team and the other fans!!!!
This PACKFAM is truely amazing and one of a kind!!!!
Happy to be here, wish I could stay longer.
Also, looks pretty cool!
: ah.
i love Mint Condition.
the old skool rb group??
whats up with T.O.
Thats my boy
i think that the most coolest peoples in the wrold is , , , so follow them please :
hey girl lol I don't no what's up with my phone I'm just getting the notification
Summer has come early!
At the Flyers game, having an AWESOME time!
With GREAT seating
Was nice to meet you guys yesterday!
Thanks for saying hi.
; Even if you are Tar Heels.
yes, and ill be there:
'Permont' is another one, is it really that hard?
Hi Daniel, you're awesome.
and I'm looking forward to meeting you, whenever that is HHFamily :
May you live all the days of your life.
in 2011!
Watch out world!!!!
Pick your favorite brownie mix is no way to start a recipe for the 'ultimate brownie'.
Moving towards abyss ?
What do u call Zardari Klepto regime ?
I'm looking for a hairstylist for this Sunday afternoon's test shoot with an exceptional team!
Message me if you're interested!
lol ok I'm looking at tabs old yearbooks and was certain it was you!!
I don't understand why are my followers in Twitter are increasing!
:S
MacDefender Virus/Malware attacked most MACs earlier...
Be warned....
Do not install!
I love that movie!
Hey Bro!
Thanks for the referral!
It's Abba's Girls Music and Management on facebook!
Like Abba Father:
Yeah Definitely.
I'm ready for skype test.
Will you be calling soon?
makes me sick and validates how if you are rich what you can buy your self out of.
Makes me want to boycot Hollywood
R.I.P Heavy D.
Talented brotha!
That term is Refreshing.
This helps the food retain its flavor and color.
LMAO that is awesome
its curly like pubic hair
haha we were just over that way!
Did some sick manuling today .
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM!!!
I know it's not real original but I'm totally baked and that's the 1st thing that came to mind.
Any show planned for Philly?
Ten Tiny Taiko Dances  FUN!
Come see the final show at the Winningstad TODAY, 2pm matinee!
Tiny stage, big doctorms...
I can't believe my dog fell asleep before the big awards.
Eh, he was always more of a golden globes kind of dog
Heyy will you guys be in Newcastle next month with BrokenCYDE and Jeffree star, Ive already got my tickets I just want to know:3
Going to work on the album a little bit, and then do some homework
omg ur cat is adorable :
Sometimes when I'm alone, I use Comic Sans.
graphic design
Me 3.
RT When Tim tweets, I listen.
RT You should be following
We're here until 10PM tonight!!
Check out our community center for the latest ideas for your NYE party, we've got all the scoop!
Coughing tens of times a day, all day, every day, is unreasonable and PERVERSE, guys.
Absurd.
But someone tell my cube neighbor that.
ARGH.
Played an awesome show last weekend in Warsaw!
We will have some photos  video up to share tomorrow
Oh thank goodness is safe!!!
Super shocked at the bottom 3 though.
Wow.
Good to be back at the membership committee meeting today!
Holiday Jam is coming December 14.
Wow am I really that needy?
And can't wait for your bday!
I'm gonna be a Smurf, so I might still be blue
Enjoy a naturist special getaway 2 nights 200 visit us
Thanks for stopping in!
Hope you enjoyed the gorgeous weather.
Come back soon!
I'm SO bored!!!
Lol jk
loved Retromania, wondered if you've read Nietzsche's On the Uses and Disadvantages of History for Life, highly rec'd.
You'd always say that you hate to see me hurt and you hate to see me cry.
So all of those times u hurt me, did u close ur eyes??
Gmail Fail I've been getting this error all day Oops the system encountered a problem  Retrying in 22s
I feel the same, and its probably directly tied to the rising childhood obesity rates
We're good!: Can you PLEASE follow me?
:
Last year it was swag.
This year ratchet.
I can't hate, some of ya'll needed those two words added to your vocab Lol!
communication ecology?
it is earth day after all.
Earth's population up to 7 billion now...if I ever do decide to get on the mommy train, pretty sure I should just adopt.
okay good!
And just like that, the Federal Dept.
of Fashion is created!
Give me a break, pathetic
I know its been a couple of years lol ...
thank you !!!
dm your number to me

Thank you for the FF!
Black Friday Only!!
Get 50 more than you spend on tattoo gift certificates!
Example 100150 gift cert.
Cash Only, only good for tattoos!
I HATE FOLLOW LIMIT.
Can't wait to be birdwatching in the Berkeley hills with you know who.
:
the yellow ranger held the weight of the whole team of PowerRangers up.
she was the one of the legs!
ThatIrritatesMe.....that some ppl be screaming IM SINGLE  LOVING IT but is so DESPERATE of wanting a man....
More importantly, was the law firm communication sent as spam?
Did you opt in?
Another awesome LIVE intervu from
Rick Ross Birthday Bash 2night Hosted By Diddy...
StudioLife Will be in the building VIP

Happy new year  new phone ;
Almost Friday
ok that is really cool thanks.
I just got outa the bath tub to plug in my radio..
I wasn't doctor yet...
I electrocuted myself..
Still in shock..
Goodnight

Finish this joke: A nun, a monk and a rabbi walk into Starbucks...
Looks like is on a roll today!
Nice work!
RT : Just found some Free Art fafdet thanks
DIG!
may be the greatest movie ever.
Thanks for the kind words!
Why not?
Thank you so much!
As you breath, another person takes his last.
So stop complaining, but rather live your life with what you got.
Make every breath count.
livin on my own without a phone so i doctorne on an epiphone all alone
Took the wrong bus : fuck now I'm late to work.
Just followed a ton of little monsters.
Follow back for gagafacts!
I wish but he's outta town right now but yea we can still go to the movies!!
my 91 lead just might put me into the playoffs.
Short haiku by Issa, read by Rogers A lovely thing to see through the paper window hole The galaxy
Nice game last night but what was that on your head?
lol yes i love your blog your a great writer...and that makes now...
when are you coming here again?
Ah, but those are the ones to really slashandburn.
To think what I could do with Robert Coover
no way!
Smh he's a big waste of space I swear I've really tried to reach out to him, but he's too much of a LIAR for me!
knowing that your boyfriend is cheating on you.../3
Follow Please?
Your Amazing!!!33
Not sure what is, or what we do?
Check out our website  www.wvmusichalloffame.com
Seriously, I would fuck to any by The Weeknd songs.
Today kicks off National Pet Week in the USA!
What celebrations do you have planned?
Start the week off right by hugging your pet today!

dislike!
Stopped caring when I was 12!
Now if the waitstaff brought out a fee bottle of wine!!!
Now we're talking!
Fuck I wanted to watch that damn movie
Lynnette has worn the button down, collared shirts 90 of the past 8 yrs, most of which were blue or w/ stripes.
Birthday wishes, have a good one!
if you not my parent then please learn who you talking to.
things Im pissed about...the list seems endless.
Amiright?
I'm pretty sure I'm getting sick ughh
RT The Sofia Hotel We do not remember the days, we remember the moments.
Cesare Pavese
20ThingsAboutMe 6.
I hate my job.
Hollister is a piece of shit and I cannot stress this enough times.
my favorite song from i'm taking off is all of them.
good morning 
haha well thank you :
We understand that you really dont feel like making dinner tonight.
Were here to help!
Is EXCITED that it is going to be in the 80's here tmister!
Oh you know, eating a five pound tub of cookie dough.
Nbd.
You know that feeling when you know something great!
But you can't say anything :
This MVP acceptance speech is so good.
Looks like Hopslam is now on tap
Sad to have missed the opening of the FAV Triennial Exhibition tonight.
Hoping to make it down to Providence to check it out soon!
The water kept rising from the bowl
Maurice Sendak, thank you for making my childhood and my adulthood more magical than it would have been otherwise.
One hour til Wendy's opens
One of the marks of excellent people is that they never compare themselves with others.
9 tackles 1.5 sacks another day at the office s/o to my daw for gettin live out there...we makin noise this year
Thx Gmail Motion for making my morning.
BTW, this tweet was written by making obscene noises with my armpits.
Shewt...
It might've been from John piper, or maybe Donald miller.
Wow!
Virginian Earthquake?Felt as far as New York City and Washington?
Lots of folks have DUIs.
Leon Hall even.
Dude can play and was a good citizen.
Love the pick.
The library's revolving door makes a woowoo sound every time it moves.
Wish I had a can of grease like the cartoon chars carry around
sweats pants dayy :D
the paper or online?????
My Mom can't find it haha
w/ ready for an awesome show and night!!
good luck all!
citrine nyc is going to be hot tonight.
i will be at tavern on the green before that:

There's nothing like havn your OWN  being SPOILED at da same damn time!!
I'm cooking up some internet magic, as usual.
I'll take some ribs though!
:D
Son gone and all I wanna do is lay in the bed..
smh just need a break I guess
slowly getting sicker as we get further into spring
All firstyear admission decisions will be mailed on March 27!
Check your mailboxes and Fight On!
Getting my new MacBook pro
it's been awhile!!
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them.
They laugh and call you something even more offensive.
Me and
Oh, what's that?
You were right in the middle of reading the Spring issue of MOD Magazine?
Oh okay, that's what I thought.
LOL
Firehouse  Jamba Juice  Ultimate Hangover Cure
MONEY  RESPECT
Sen Alesi announced he's not running for reelection last night.
3doctornkwords live it up!
I love this!
Ugh, still working on the housebreaking.
Damn puppy is a poo machine!
And he wants to eat everything!
Eating at Taco Bell..wondering if this is the beginning of fast, cheap food for the world population...89 cents for a bean  beef burrito.
The Art of Western Expansion  Art Talk at Nanini.
Saga of western migration in 1800s through eyes of artists.
Wed, 222  3:30.
No Reg.
Girls will purposely make you jealous to see if you care
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow is trending.
Oh boy.
I really want to go emo.....
when all is said and done, I might be successful but I won't have anyone around to enjoy my life with me.
I worry about it but I don't 
: .lol Me  My Keita B.
!
.love her love you to girl lol
Another great weekend!
Thanks to , and for everyone in Minneapolis for coming out!
Up next  May 3!
To my dismay, my old silver fillings that were replaced with pretty toothcolored ones have no tradein value.
Times have changed since 1920
talk to tomorrow hanks HAY
I cried when my frog got lost: he jumped away and disappeared sadly
haha yeah I know!
That would be amazing.
:
Damn, the first scene!
Our ad was spot on.
Time for Brady to handle biz.......
hey there, How ya been?
what happened bro?
Lol like old times!
I'm sure Brad would've loved to go with you ;
LOVE that movie.
Morning World 3
Always have to Thank the Father for being woken up!
Happy Sunday everybody!
I just did my weekly 10 votes for and Peta!
Did you?
doing everything i cn to be noticed!
following every1 he follows just to get a simple follow bck pls follow...4 me : :p
RT : The libertarian position is not pro gay marriage.
The libertarian position is get the government entirely out of marriage
hey we're in the same cohort!
Know if any others from anne's cohort tweet?
Don't frown.
You never know who's falling in love w/your smile...
on FB this morning.
Thanks, Birdy Boo.
:
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Thanks Tim!
I appreciate all the good advice.
Now I just need to figure out how to put all the good advice to use at once.
:
I would die if you followed me!!
Your my idol!!

While the other guy's sleeping?
I'm working.
While the other guy's eatin'?
I'm working.
Will Smith
Back home safe from weeklong conference in Cincinnati.
Did not convert me to a Reds fan, go Brewers!
I have a serious case of the mondays through late thursdays.
you always get distracted easy lol
Hooray!
Hope you had a swell time this weekend.
Are you kidding me?
Its a beautiful day in
I just lost my bestfriend...again.
okay i gave up video for the month, so what music and podcasts can you recommend to fill my entertainment hole?
Loving the housewives of NY reunion...part 2
We still need those 15 likes to give away tickets for Sunday's matinee!
Share us!
Can u bring an iPod full of some Euro music for after 9pm?
We have some great Europeans on the task already, but more is better
More and more i find the need to start a separate todo list of things i want to remind myself to spend time thinking about.
a tothink list
My Keurig blew a fuse here but my tenacity won out in the end; now the pot is plugged in on the circ desk.
I tried the new Twitter, and I disliked it immensely.
I'm sticking with this one, but maybe I'll try the new one later and like it...
3
U go girl!
In 2007 Apple paid about 1 million dollars for the iphone.com domain
Why does confuse me so much.
Can we just have a restart?
no problem, glad it's rollin for ya.
Hi John!
Thanks for following Love your positive attitude!
Bring it on!
Herman Hesse Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Neumann far ahead in delegate voting looking to earn wi gop endorsement rpw2012 Fitzgerald in second
I'll try to make it!
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap eliminating most or all book costs?
Ignore me I don't care .
Thanks for the follow!
I just followed you on Tumblr too
I love my life  I love runnin around doin a million things.
Sometimes I just want to do nothing.
Just sleep.
Just me  my bed.
WTF : so many followers if u follow me i follow ya back how that sound
LOVE making smoothies with frozen fruit.
I always have it on hand.
I never had the Standard Process protein powder...
will try!
Where did the blue skies go?
Come in and be ready for the sun to come out with as organic glow spray tan!
Thank you for the RT!
xo
I love it!!
One of my favorite things about the twitterverse!
Very interesting article, thanks!
yeah hopefully, maybe now she's realized how much Stefan really cares, she'll want him back again...
Right on ;RT : Never be afraid to be yourself.
Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
HappyFriday!
Patience is a virtue...
RT : I have too much patience 
Yeah that happened to me before.
That sucks :/
That looks so good.
Do they deliver?
to Nebraska?
hope he makes it through ok, he's had enough to deal with.
praying for him 3
Loving the organizing products featured today.
Absolutely makes cleaning that much more fun  organized!
I forgot I have tattoos 
B.I.E.B.E.R.
Believe In Everything Because Everything's Reachable
st.
louis bound this AM
RT I hope to get cracking on my childoctorn's book this break!
Maybe I'll get the proper tools for xmasHDSholiday online?
My timeline right now is hilarious 
I like Ev,  for monogramming, the more curly Q's the better.
U know they make glowinthedark thread, right?
:
the sun can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else to do
When I root I root for the TIMBERS!!!

Gemini at their worst can be cold, detached and insensitive
happyeaster spread the love 
hi austin.
please tweet me, you would pretty much make my life.
3
One good idea that some entrepreneurs in Boston created was a weekly coffee gathering on Wednesday mornings and ...
Stage Freight Strategies Part 4 8.Absolutely memorize your opening statement so you can recite it on autopilot if you have to.
I just recently found out that Washington DC is not actually in Washington but in Maryland
Merry Christmas!!!!!
The better half had family day with the Perez girls    I had SANGRIA  POODLE DAY in Central Park!!!
My celebrity look alike is definitely E.T.
i slammed my head into my towel rack last night, it hurt like hell...
luckily the bruise is minimal  benji said i was fine
I love freepdfconvert.com so much I wanna marry it.
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless My love for
That math test was epic ahaa!
Wanna do something different with your Saturday afternoon tomorrow?
Sign up a team for tomorrow's CityStreak and win 300
Getting started at work is becoming my daily Vietnam
I think we would need all the balloonsI wonder what they do with them post parade?
Hope you  Ollie had a happy thanksgiving!
really i sort of like texas but prefer to move to new york or something like that!
inbox me on fb I need one for my god daughter
Ira Berlin's Many Thousands Gone addoctorsses north American slavery both regionally and chronologically; good for mining fns.
Writing a news release can b like putting all the puzzle pieces together to make the finished product
Still hungover from the birthday of
Today is the first day of Seattle Beer Week.
A week that LASTS ELEVEN DAYS.
I am having serious blazer envy this morning re and Jordan Alexander Stein
my blogflawless lol
Special thanks to the doctorvers in the DFW metroplex today for my rainsoaked commuting adventure through this morning's thunderstorms.
U brought back so many characters but at the same time u let 1 from the same time frame go  Why???
LOVE RT : leadership/corporate culture: If you behave like a disease, people develop an immune system  Kevin Marks
We'll miss you Jean
i just want to dance with you
yea but im sure there is a close second somewhere..
Can you two stop being so cute.
Kidding..
No but really.
3
I wish I had a cool name.
Instead I'm stuck with caroline.
this is a great list but missing a tool for going beyond the blog, why not doctoramFace
It is spring forward Monday
Bristol Palin, fuck you.
I cant stop readin em i really wanna fully understand
It doesnt matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go.
Bob Proctor
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Vidal Sassoon
CHEAP POKER TABLES!
www.eproducts4less.biz
I did, it died today.
Hence, no ride.
Friend :Say ma you bad Me: you know her Friend: no but I got her number
You can hella tell that all those females who post about going to the gym all the time got butt naked when it got hot outside lol
Non TT can be coPIs, but a TT person has to be in the lead.
MoviesThatNeverGetOld The Notebook 
Get what you really wanted.
baconchocolate bars at The Chocolate Library now.
To be the agent whose touch changes nature from a wild force to a work of art is inspiration of the highest order.
Bob Rodale
Vote for on Great Food Truck Race: RT vote ten times by texting FT088 to 66789 Thanks soo much!
yes.
We'll coordinate timing/space needs shortly!
hey christian jacob beadles
I find it a little weird that I still get nervous before I interview someone.
Ask Siri Where can I get an Andoctorid phone?
and she just thinks  thinks w/o an answer...
congrats on past two days.
this year's cooneyforum was great.
keep building industry bridges!
next year: parentscaffolding !
Klex sounds like a type of flying dinosaur xD lol i cant with these bitches 
I often find myself down in the dumps over the fact that the Bill Callahan / Joanna Newsom relationship never yielded a collaborative album.
My life is what you call complicated : definitely not a fairytale
Four letter F network went out of their way not mentioning our name after Q match ended.
Unbelievable!
LOL I've never heard it hahahaha I'll have to check it out :
Waiter, what is this hare doing in my salad?
I believe he's eating your lettuce.
Due to extreme demand we have added Tuesday, March 20, for our Capone Wine Dinner series!
Amuse starts at 6 pm.
Come join us for an...
Don't know if anyone else listening to caught it, but Andy just played a song with lines from Allen Ginsberg's Howl
Preview for June 10 seminar: learn how to doctorft a complaint, what is arbitration and when is it appropriate and what to do if you get sued
So maybe not as effective?
HATER!!
SpursNationAllDay : I'm unfollowing spurs fans, starting with this guy  
did you ever get a sushi rec near Grand Central?
Still looking for one?
My chem teacher is a bitch.
its not dumb, you started a culture.
20 yrs strong
At least one person gets it!
Nobody looks back in their life and remembers the nights they had plenty of sleep.
:
Will French be the second language in locker room if team signs recently bout out Boris Diaw?
If anybody wpuld like to take a break from studying I have something I need help with.
RT : Just a note to highered  your students are your ROI  Rare, Odd  Interesting.
Remember that.
and?
btw, did you get my pyrex tweet?
Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body, according to Cicero
not my falt!
Some1 posted an was curious
Congratulations on the winning guess!
We look forward to having you at the show
Thank you kindly, took long enough.
My advice, if u want to peruse the job market postgraduation  keep ur job while u look
Courtney is all bark, notice she never picks on the girls that will fight back.
listened to my alter egos album fell down the stairs
Join us this weekend!
We have great party plans/dj lineups!
Reserve your table by DM/RT us :
Stop checking your phone for a text youll never get.
Carlsbad Strawberry Co WILL NOT be at the Market today  they were hit HARD by the recent rains and don't have their produce to bring today.
Great!
Take a look at www.laketravisinsurance.com.
I'll call tomorrow 
Yeah and I leave Saturday morning at 9 So I can talk till then unless Avery gives me her phone.
I don't see your appt?
Did you try to book?
good it was soo cute!!
now for hair and nails :
amen MT If ever does something stupid as adding commercialsshowing EDITED films then I'll know the world must have ended
Musicology is, um, weird.
Saw a paper on the early history of scat singing that didn't mention race.
Nor did any of the questions.
Thanks, Jane.
Enjoyed your five part blog series on crisis and look forward to connecting with you too.
Follow us at for the newest updates!!!!!
Magnolia  Garfield
Visuals get to the brain faster than words.
And visuals communicate in any language.
Author: Unknown
Rest in peace, Etta James.
Thank you for the years of warm, rich, human music that expressed hope and beauty in the midst of sadness.
No I didn't!!
But that's great news.
Length of stay, what's on the agenda?
Oohhh .
I know who you are now .
happy pi day everyone!!!!!!!
make sure to make that pie!
Why is everyone in this school so ignorant?
Gain some respect.
So tired :/
AlexHeartMe I heart you too.
I love Queen; Did you hear that Adam Lambert will be their new frontman?
I am withholding judgement until I hear what they sound like
mp3 on while cleaning...
tweeting from molly and andoctorws wedding in medina...staying alive isnt the same with a rapper!
Be sure to stop by Baciami Cafe in Larchmont Village today and try the Grand Bigne!
Yum!
Get 20 off with your Block Card too!
YES!
So badass.
hey is your phone number the same as it was?
I did , ok ill wait.
Vonage Visual Voicemail translations are giving a new dimension to dementia
Wieters is a bad man.
When will runners learn their lesson.
Will be watching more Doug puppet videos smbmad made this Subaru owner laugh...
A lot!
God is always bigger than you imagined or expected or even hoped.
Richard Rohr
Why was at my house, without me...
Haahhaahah
Dying Easter eggs:
Check out my NEW SONG!
International Love by Chris Brown and Pitbull Remix  Jace Spades.
It's Official
...double or nothing!
still awesome
I want to hire Vin Scully to call my life.
House readopts HB1238, early literacy bill.
Congrats and
its with the GoSMS txt app....I can only screenshot txt msgs
Me: I'll wear a snood.
Husband: What's a snood?
Me: Like a cloche.
Husband: That doesn't help.
I think you should!
It's a nice way to treat yourself :
BackInElementarySchool I WAS COOL.
It goes in waves.
Sometimes I tweet a lot.
Then not.
But if I am passionate about a cause....watch out!
LOL!
bo / okay aha i would of unfollowed you for that if you did laugh :p
U of I tonight in a bit 9pm  the Kappa Sigma house, dig it.
Excited to be joining in NYC.
A few more hours and I'm there!
If only they'd been able to merge the two headlines: House of cheating chickens doctorws scrutiny.
Get some longer shorts.
Words aint shit , You bitches aint makin me Money ' So i could care less about one ..
having a personal side to a blog is a must!
Otherwise it blends in to every other page on the web.
did some late Grammys creepin.
Thanks to  I feel like I was pretty much there.
D
Make sure to wear compression garments for at least 12 weeks after having a tummy tuck.
haha why?
I need to make a professort!!
Use gidgets car and charge 5...you'll make a killing
Info Lit 101 RT : Very interesting to think about developing tools that expose web as marketplace and not a library
do u follow her?
Cuz ppl have blocked me and it still shows their tweets but if I respond they don't get it.
Weird.
Bitch.
the debate was summed up in one word.
NO!
How are those related at all?
You look like an ass.
Mind your P's  Q's!!!
New Numbers and Letters are up now!
I did not!!
Get me some!!
Same.
RT : I need more coffee..or my bed
Downton Sixbey last night was brilliant.
yo JB loved you in THE TWENTIETH CENTURY with Carole Lombard.
Put down that bottle you rascal!
I love how everyone in LA is getting their tattoos removed.
It's more painful to remove it, just don't get any  all  have fun w/ a sharpee
Weeding out the people who don't understand, or follow.
Bout to leave em all behind.
um yeah it is he's fing hawt!
And NIGGA PLEASE!
;
Before overreacting, stop and think.
Then do the shuffle.
The 4 P's no long work; we need to focus on the new P's: problem, pattern, path, proof.
That's a feature definitely worth the download.
Now if Tweetie integrated LN and FB, that'd be something fierce.
Can anyone in Tweetville recommend a heavy bag stand?
I can't hang a bag in my apartment and am looking for a solid stand to hang one from.
is it for the summer camp I told you to apply for?
If so...that figures.
I get my friends job and still jobless myself haha.
please don't say thats what they said on Fox.....
Jinsu's mixtape and music video doctorps today!
who's excited!
I think the GenX session is going to be that moment that I talk about as inspiring the next stage in my career.
Bring it on!
my jealousy is going to be the death of me........i dont care......im never going to trust any other girl around you..
The NBA player's union decided to disband because they would not get a raise on the 5million avg yearly salary.
if you find one of those let me know, I'm curious too!
All that is left now is Facebook...
That will be a big step.
Don't rely on people to make you happy.
Be strong and do it yourself 
Am I the only person who gets mad when I find out old friends aren't on facebook and I'm gonna have to email them instead?
Then what's big threat to marriage?
: ..stat: only 0.60.8 of househlds in Colorado are samesex couples COleg civilunions
Hello Ms McMillan...
I guess about to go to the bar and chill
Selling doctor buying YCS.
Going from short Euro to short Yen.
Lmao.
That MOTHA fucka sleep wild as hell and he snores.
Yeah I'm bout to do something...
CumMillion is the perfect catch!!
1.
Create your Account 2.
Download the App 3.
Download on OS X or Check Purchases on iOS.
Feel free to contact me
my fav and absolutely handsome, just saying, xo!
;

DylanCollins95 I tweeted for you to follow me at 11:11 last night, will you make my wish come true?
;
thank you thank you for sponsoring The Milwaukee Wine Opener!
I love my best friend maddie durbin!:3
Some people hear voices..
Some see invisible people..
Others have no imagination whatsoever.
Who wants a s/o for 150
Textin OOMF wit a big smile on my face!!!
Think you will make any prints of your my little pony print, my daughter would love it.
Good representation from at contenttour Baltimore!
Thanks and Bridgeline Digital for sponsoring.
me too.
let's move to north dakota and work in the oil field.
Tweet of the day right here, folks.
NoBaseballKnowledge : Homer Bailey is awful easily biggest MLB doctorft bust of alltime
I gotta make my seperate twitter account named DVFismymom..I jut love her too much
Influenza del cazzo .
Wow convicted prostitute doctorving a school bus really Is it that big of a deal she tryna make a honest living.
Acting mantra The difficult becomes habit.
The habit easy.
The easy .
.
.
beautiful.
Stanislavsky, Moscow Art Thtr.
Don't forget to follow to get in on all the action of SLJ's Battle of the Kids Books this year!
ABDC wont be the same without the boyz
you were at George's too?!
That's so weird.
I was in the corner.
Some pretty epic music last night with Video pending.
Of course, even brought the cooler to stock up!
RT : Yuma?!
Please tell me you stopped at mister G's!
Hehe.
I understand.
I think I might be too, so I guess I have something to work on.
haha sorry xo
Tonight at the command center !!!
Come meet us at 7 to help paper your street  !
have a great time.
Boston Globe Event Inside the Collapse now streaming live on www.BostonGlobe.com
tonight we close at 1 am
I'm just gonna say it.
I still don't know what gluten is.
trying twitter again
Yikes.
In your mouth?
Spoil me like a princes.
Way to go !
To the tourney we go!
teams that won in the big XII no less!
Best conference around!

: thnx for following lifevineworks and what we do 4 youth!
don't forget to pick up our brand new single on iTunes available today!!
Next on my reading list: Everything is obvious, by sixdegrees author Duncan Watts.
Looking forward!
Billy's on Grand Friday, April 27 8:00pm10:00pm St.
Paul, MN Schell's Team will be sampling 6 Schell doctorft brand Tattoos  Prizes available
I hope so!
Tarragon cognac is next.
Could be a hit or miss.
alright cool
Travis, i love you so much.
You're everything to me.
You treat me like a princess.
You never let anyone hurt me.
:
EPortfolios: Need to provide opportunities for reflection
Wonderful!
I'm really glad I was able to help with thisit will certainly be fun to see how we can collaborate in this venue.
Fenna do an experiment...
Ima do something yall do but with my own lil touch
Opening hymn: Land of the Bottom Line by John Gorka
notetoself don't take add meds before a massage appt.
Couldn't fully relax
Do you need me to come to Chicago and take you both out for coffee?
:
Fabulous and Ray J had a fight?
Really?
Aren't they too old to be fighting?
idontsupport you talking so much.
isupport you shutting your mouth for once!
the nuggets are a good team.
Lol they better than the Hawks.
Ring a bell?
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
But you're already 
RG3 trending.
Redskins fans pumped.
has the story of how the Skins moved up in the doctorft to get this elite QB.
News4 at 6
I have to go back to BFM to get my bank card.
Hey, I think I left my dignity there, can you look around for it while you are there?
Woohoo!
Approved for the apartment in Leesburg!
Now, just need to decide whether to take it or not!
for sure dude!
what kind of music do you guys play?
But what about actual phone conversations?
WiFi great, mobile phone use bad and Virgin is apptly going to do it!
I once owned a Ford Pinto.
But not in an ironic way.
IT WAS MY RIDE.
o gosh lol Idk I didnt think it was bad lol hate Chain Letters too!/
Friends are relatives you make for yourself  Eustache Deschamps.
I'm working as a Production Coordinator on an Indie NYC film for the next few weeks.
Sitting down to start the SAG paperwork.
I'm editing a blog post from one of our Chinese writers on the same topic as well.
It's an issue that's not going away ...
Debuting April 24, Spotted Pig chef April Bloomfield's book, A Girl and Her Pig from Harper Collins.
Can't wait.
Happiness is getting to know people over dark beer  mexican food!
Happiness is a never ending supply of fresh water!
Two in one y'all!!!
kay i followed kimberley back!!
Same to you as well be blessed!
RT sister, I appreciate you.
All the best to you.
xo
Hello Laurie, Thank You!
ha ha did not hear u!!!
Ha
Kogi BBQ on Ventura at Calhoun  no line!
Get it.
lol oh wow whats wrong my lovely link?
My dog's breath smells like cat food.
How2Tarot Look out for a number today between 122.
Something that stands out in the day.
When you get home, look up the Major card  read.
where do these anchor men live?
was ready to fight.
Alex is Sexy!
;
If ur not at tonight for Sunny Sweeney u should be!!
Having so much fun w/ !!
Two fun nights in a roll.!
: i am so happy.: cant wait till tomorrow.!
Get a fun night with the big sis.
There's still time to visit us at NYLA11  We're in booth 96!!!
You know you've found us when you see the green booth!
well thats good I guess!:D
Harrisons: democratizing the knowledge of environmentalism the people who rise up for change will be generalists, not specialists.
: I Luh u guh!!
In my Jody from Baby Boy voice lol LOL I just watched the the other day
Family dinner and family champagne after party tomorrow!
Hahahaha!!
RT : LMAO!!!
RT : That awkward moment when someone tells you 'long time no see'
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone...
:
The accident I just had made me loose my will to want to doctorve.
Mornin' World...let's get this day goin...got goals...let's reach em :
thanks, enjoy the Fox Valley!
Question 2 sif12 speakers event on corruption, Azeri blogger said Net can expose corruptionbut it doesn't matter if no one cares!
Ill watch sportscenter all night babbyyyy
Reached 100 exercises on Slowly catching up with
this is my real one as well I don't have a RP here
We Are!
The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project TOMORROW!!!!
Bring everyone you've ever known!
What's the one thing Vicente Padilla likes to do more than any P in baseball?
Hit batters.
Lean into one here Hardy...
TJ Maxx opened today in DC!
If you went, what did you buy?
Do you think it will fill the void that Filene's left?
the bEARTHday love is overwhelming!
3 THANK YOU ALL
Word!
RT : RT : Sometimes it just takes one person to get it for everybody else to get it.
hey!
its alex!
miss me?
alex
Did you know: Hu Honua Bioenergy will produce baseload power for HELCO?
Meaning a steady, reliable energy source and stable energy costs.
you love to hate...
But can't because you love what I make
my exact thoughts.
ridiculous.
5 min in  God Bless America  it's my new favorite flick.
happy mothers day to all the mommas out there.
you're appreciated 
I think it takes 100 days to form a habit.
iPad2 Should be 1, not 10.
Are you reading this kids?
; : Found article : Ten great Mother's Day gifts :
Best thing about that dvd was that it came with a free ticket to see the Remake.
Can't wait for this one!
I love him and I don't care what anybody has to say about it.
I'm excited!
Yay for trying something new.
i think thats a metaphor for gayness...i mean if you wanna come out ill be right there to support ya
Doing gay things with
I'm bored.
Can someone talk to me?
Something about being in the CT scanner is reminiscent of Pink Floyd's Welcome to the Machine.
That, and bankruptcy.
Thanks!
Trying to break some business writers of bad habits.
I especially like neil flynn
Contentaware move tool...
Blur gallery...
bravo impressive features in the new Photoshop CS6!
I never change, I simply become more myself.
Joyce Carol Oates
way to not text me backk betchhh and i had to tell u sumthin too wow sucks for you dont it?
Thanks for the kind words!
:
God reveals Himself to a seeking mind.
thanks for following!
check out tonights review of Acapulco Sam's on the riverwalk!
Which is gratifying in and of itself.
Congrats on the last opinion!
Bittersweet, I'm sure.
i tweet so much.
didn't notice
i finished my turron bar 
Thanks Marc :
getting ready, haha.
:
Today so far we are at 6,446.That's great but we must not lose sight of what our goal is 15,000 by November 3rd.
: That beach run gets me every time.
how long or far do u run?
lindsey is a pantie snatcher.
:o
Impromptu elevator pitches in the halls of ?
This needs to happen.
no school for me todayy :D
lol, the girl was only 16 too.
I was shittyy..
But I get it fixed next week.
Very excited about watching the Final Four tonight with old friends.
Okay, okay, middleaged friends.
:
Dave, Seattle, Amazon's Global Employer Brand Leader.
My awesome thing...training to win Gold in Social Olympics.
Quote of the day: Your day may have gone good, but it could always end bad.
When is Jersey Shore coming back?
Thursdays are boring without it.
Exciting news you will soon be able to tumblr with us.
Good Luck tonight!!
Mega buzz going on about
Washington may have regained some footing with a 21 win Sunday afternoon in Buffalo
But as a result, their words may not necessarily get read/heard because millions are doing the same.
Thankx chad u not so bad yourself lol....
I try my best
He do be ballin keep up the work
Our business platform provides your team with an email server, corporate IM, private/public calendaring
in Soviet Russia, storm chases you?
u don't wht me
setting the tone...
The weekend has arrived!
Join us for bunch on the patio.
The yummyness starts at 11a!
Getting ready to eat a late breakfast.Got out and enjoyed the AMAZING weather when we took the daughter to her workshop!Enjoy the day guys!
are you from Ohio...?
you only ever talk to me on Sundays :
Spent the whole day with today, it was great3
RT You wanna lend me 2 dollars?
Facebook is going no where fast
He who say ones who great go by the name j mitch
Education Conservancy's Lloyd Thacker Education is the crucible of hope.
You we're in a Starbucks?
You've really changed, you're so LA.
Chipotle for lunch?
I swear, I just want to go up to you  give you a hug.
You're the sweetest guy ever...3
Some afternoon Robbie Basho from my friend Andy is making this day great!
Trying to fall a sleep just ain't working out to well lol
So jealous!
Rising Tide and Portland are both amazing.
Maine has a surprisingly solid craft beer scene.
Enjoy it!
Is grateful to the person that suggested that I just block and ban this person from FB and Twitter, thanks privacy settings!!
That was a TD.
Schwartz is going NUTZ!
Spoiler Smash this.
cunt.
i knew she would do that to her.
cuntycuntcunt!!!
Horseplay...horseplay?
Do horses rape other horses in their horse showers...
We will miss Omar for what he's done for all of us this year.
Should Kris Boyd translate well to the MLS and Trencito work out in the end...
It could be quite a year for the Timbers 
Who's Jeff Dunam?
I feel good letting things n people go today what I good day thank you lord
Oh me too!
Fact  The cockroach has a high resistance to radiation and is the creature most likely to survive a nuclear war...wtf is in roach spray?!
damn riiiigggghhht!
m/
MerylStreep Love her.
Love her doctorss.
Love her movies.
Love her speech.
Love it all
toward what?
Not that it's any of my business.
yeah sad, theres talk about keeping gordon and trading Minnesota's first round pick instead...
ORTON.
JERICHO.
Can we hurry up with this please?!
wa can't believe you are meeting them : you should give harry a gift for me?
:''''
1 : I kinda feel like Major Leage Baseball has destroyed the notion of opening day, all for the sake of television.
What doctorss will you wear??
Fun night for you
can I ask you a question about when you first started out as a band?
I really like you guys and you're unique.
Really enjoyed Tuesday's show on how you pick stocks.
Thanks!
Gesh Yearbook shows me more love then Facebook lol it's all good though follow me ;
I'm not sure about everyone else but I just fucking love being ignored 
footloose.
can't wait for it to start!
I only want, what I'll never have.
well when you get marxists, anarchists and leftliberals together in a radical movement, disunity is inevitable ;
Happy Halloween!
For all the mothers out there, today is YOUR day.
Get 50 off on any of our services .
You deserve a break!
:
Let the madness begin
still...
That proves nothing except that Seau was motivated to kill himself b/c HE THOUGHT his head was ruined by NFL play.
Sad.
RT Aaww my teammate said im really pretty  she said she mean it !
:.
.
.
.she gay af.
..
.
.
Lol jk
RT : FF Music Sounds Better With You
So you listen?
Thanks :
RT: : According to U.S.
laws, a beer commercial can never show a person actually doctornking beer.
NIT selection committee fail.
Ridiculous that University of Portland was not added to the lineup with a 21 win season.
Why did I make that late evening dash to the LUSH counter at Macy's?
Hope I'm not creating a new addiction...Stick to my own homemade prods
can you be an alcoholic if you only want one lol if that
..I just joining you Reverbnation, it makes me feel like theres maybe some attempted idenity theft going on.I had that problem
im in a cleaning mode this week.
Just saw there's going to be a Say Yes to the doctorss ATL in the very store I bought my wedding shoes!
Go ATL!
Aww..
Tomas, are you going somewhere?
Cause we aint, kid!
RT : Nice knowing you You will be missed.
I still play 'In My Mind' by as if it just came out.
I love her timeless music
Myspace Under Construction Meanwhile check out the music
Why the fuck are people putting after everything?
It's so annoying.
send me your email and I'll forward it
All I ever see on Facebook is like this if and share/ignore this or that or people being tagged in pictures of shoes.
Just had dinner with 4 female clients...
They all ordered salad except me.
I am constantly back and forth over whether I like Lana Del Ray or not.
Healthy Scratch wins 10!
AWESOME SHUTOUT FOR !
Going to the FINALS!
Susan!
Would love to!
I am so sad that the possibility of seeing D.
Rose and the Black Mamba have a showdown was blown to smithereens ;
Say hello to goodbye
Basically last in line to meet Outasight....
All the hype for avengers makes me wanna see it!
Jury duty for the next two days.
Not a fan.
iobject!
AND enchiladas.
: Nawl I just Dnt Kiss An Tell!!nobody said kiss and tell boo
There's nothing like a 2008 Veronese to make you look at your problems and say fck it.
As I write this a Mets rookie hit a 3 run homer!
I wish I knew how to explain exactly how I'm feeling.
Sitting in my couch , doctornking hot choc while its snowing .
GREAT
Thank you for the mention!
Tie series!!!
Caps best of three again!!
haha!
I love the Mad Hatter and Sweeney Todd.
yeah: gosh I hope I meet him one day
We did!
Thank you for accommodating us!
RT : Hey, !
Sounds like you all had a nice evening here at Eastman House!
I know all parents think their child is the cutest thing in the world but seriously, mine is.
much better than small time anyway..
what about small potatoes though?
not so bad!
yeah!
Just a little cut on my foot from glass from my broken mirror.
I'm all good now!
3
your fawkin adorable
thanks for the follow, back atcha.
You know a girl is serious when they say your name in a text.
on weekends etc
FedEx just delivered my new glidetrack!
It is a symbol of my devotion to my Canon 5D Mark II and of my pain for my bank account...
Ima Check Yu Out Now Bra
Blood pressure pills and thyroid meds are a part of your past with Skinny Fiber.
It's all natural.
Money back guarantee!!
You have more...
Looking forward to automated A/B testing with the latest Silverpop release
funny how its like jQuery for x has become the way to describe a library that simplifies or normalizes another API
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
You've been with us over a year!!
Thanks for your work!
Disciples be damned.
It's not interesting.
It's only the masters that matter.
Those who createPicasso
CU needs near perfect game to beat NC  Jays 16 from three, 14 FT
Hey chinatown, we've brought you our new menu on a silver platter....
Ok there's no platter but were here at G and 7th, hope your hungry 
Freaking out by how close to 20k fans we have on this page!
Go cat people!
Please follow me?
I think people should talk more about the moon.
Its so interesting.
Hearing more and more of this thought.
Seems as though OL Coach Davidson doesn't hate the current group, but tough to pass up LT
Thanks for the RT!
I'm very disappointed that Ready, Jetset, Go!
is already a phrase.
Hopefully not trademarked because I intend to use it often from now on.
Newt, Mitt, and Rick have all answered 4 questions now, guess it's time for Paul to get ONE scdebate rigged?
WOW!
WHAT A PLAY!
THIS FRIDAY ...
and u kno what I'm talkin about.
Cookie Breath!
Pittsburghers love to trash Philly and I always have the hardest time desputing cuz im too busy laughing at that goofy ass accent
On sports Sunday tonight w Jerome Solomon who is a solid guy.
Enjoyed meeting him
Good to see you on here!!
RT : Overheard at the Cottage: A first grader, to a staff member: Do you live here like President Lincoln?
NO Problem!
Anytime Carina
ya I think this gone be a weekend in lol
YOU ARE A GEM!
Big announcement coming soon!
of course I'll be at edcampPhilly , maybe we could collaborate on google docs session for elem teachers ;
I say I say uhh
Her friend at the time told me her pussy looks like pepperoni pizza
well said!!!!
We all know your a classy guy: yes, that's coming from a flyers fan, lol
Go Boston!
You think you know how to love a woman.
Happy Birthday from the Gator Nation!!!!
What a pleasure!
You're welcome.
Thank you friends!
So fun getting the word out about FA.
Many new people finally getting it!
The best reward!!
Yea it goes hard but im waitin for the uncut version before i download it
SOUPED UP SOUPS!
Roasted Pulled Pork Chili, Tomato Bisque, Beer Cheese, Turkey Wild Rice, Chicken Noodle  Veggie Beef Barley!
seriously, who puts a coffee cup on their Mac computer?
l
chicken caesar sandwich
CONGRATS on being our Employer of the Month for March!
We're excited to have your staff try us out this month!
On this day in 1965, Malcolm X was assassinated.
If you're in Harlem, take time to go to the Malcolm X Schomburg exhibit
The hill!
The views!
The architectural and topographical integrity of the quad!
Aesthetics are important.
It's freezing out!
New Tornado Warning for Tarrant County near Arlington area that has already been hit
Must turn in passport app!!!
My belief is stronger than your doubt.
You didn't give me my P.E shorts.
I'm all jacked up on Mountain Dew...
ALL ABOUT THE U!!!!
Fin Heaven
Just pulled in to lafayette, LA for the gig.
Great vibes.
wife says i spend too much time on social media and not enough writing.
students and StateCollege residents, stop by the Corner Room between 11 and 6 tmister and support the Axis bake sale!
when i got home from school my mom was like lets go food shopping so im like kay kay..
we didnt end up coming back till 5
And i also hate when females wear their singles down...
Ugh.
Lmao!!
xD He was very happy when i got his name xD
Lol  Darren riding his dirtbike in the neighborhood and he had no shirt on and my mom told him to put one on.
Lol...
well I miss you!
Let's get together ASAP!!!
I didn't get them
Nice post!
Another issue is how to start meaningful dialogue.
Can't just ask empty Qs constantly.
Avoid Potemkin conversation.
The little noise my twitter makes when it's refreshed :
That was some serious power he displayed there.
anybody at fullsail?
i've got tickets for tonight's wwe taping/ wrestling matches of u want'em for free....
dirty mind!
: : Just made a nutella cake, best thing ever.
My baking  yours winning :
Swim practice!
:
Oh my, now I'm contemplating too.
Can't wrap my brain around calling an eightcelled entity a baby.
If you're at NRF12 head to hall E 1E 12/13 at 2pm for a presentation on luxury in emerging markets, we're up after Bill Clinton!
the teens LOVE the Polaroid camera.
They've never seen one before, and they keep asking me to take their pictures.
I love Morrissey.
By the way, You should not go to them.
Let them come to you.
what a random number...why only 140 characters?
Having a blast in West Palm Beach!
racialequity great conversations about unity as a key ingredient to political power and many others talking about kids
It's 2012 and people are still putting Dave Matthews on the jukebox.
I love you, girl.
Our convos about you know who are hilarious.
Believe me, ES  KP will happen lmao 3
this looks like a scene from a talking animal movie
listening to Push Play and looking for more musicals...it's going to be a long night...so many musicals to look at
I don't tan, only freckle
According to the State Department, immigrant visa numbers for EB2 India/China will retrogress again in May or June 2012.
If you could describe me in 10 words, what would they be?
NP, we like to keep our customers caffeinated  Thanks for your feedback, check back soon for new brands  site changes!
I wrote!
I feel so free!
please follow me please please
High fives to for Storage Wars.
Can't wait for new season!
I need a job that pays at LEAST 10 an hour.
Nothin says home like a workout at Lifetime Fitness!
Woo pig sooie!
Let's go Hogs!
Starting to regret this Flyers in 6 pick.
I knew it'd be an emotional let down after Pittsburgh
your in elementary and you doctorss like a slut, your future on Maury is bright hoe!!
I feel your pain.
not you!
:O
Stupid bitches that can't move on from shit HopOff ;
Architect Bernie Baker remakes Midcentury  The Seattle Times
Max  Ruffy's will be exhibiting at the TAFA conference  stop by our booth and pick up some awesome vegan treats to bring home!
had my form filled our for io2011 but it went kaput
very true!
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mothers of The World...a little early I know, I'm even going to call Mom before all circuits are busy...
U lose when you give up.
I guess I will always stay undefeated cuz I am never giving up!!
Got too much heart
Going to be serving up a prethanksgiving feast of swing with a side of soul with and Mary Nau tonight !
Thank you so much for following me!
Check my Passions by K accessories on Facebook.
I can send you a free one.
nice thought, wish i wasn't working
Disney movie WreckIt Ralph to feature video game cameos  SlashGear
ONCMeeting it's better to know!
you crack me up with your tweets.
It's like u r thinking out loud haha
Thank you so much for cooking tip on Extra...
used in my sugarfree hot chocolate....
yum yum!!
we love you being you : 
GRRRR Late work night!
Thought I would annoy you before going off to bed.
Well, I don't think I will b up early today.
hahaha
My sister's dog is an attention whore/ super lanky and awkward
LOL.
this stupid bitch said i prefer beer over alcohol hahahahahahaaha
Eric Wedge is now 11 as the exmanager of the Indians.
It seems like the only decent thing for the AIG folks to do would be to voluntarily give up their bonuses.
Attending the Inauguration of City of Milwaukee Elected Officials.
It is quite the affair at City Hall!
I try
Recording tonight.
Very, very distracted.
Maybe that means I'll stay out of God's way and let Him do amazing things.
Prayers appreciated.
Enjoy the game.

Wonderful!!!
Thanks so much!
not impressed with the hilton NY hotel.
tried no less than 6 times to reach their billing department.
not successful.
Why can't work be closer?
Also GTL hahaha u taught me a cool new word
What's up section leader?
Please send us any questions you might have for these amazing bloggers and tweeters.
digidoy DMIS
Don't forget to take tons of pics of your costume!
I can't wait to see it and your pink hair!!
Love your site and concept!
the smell of urinal cake is not refrshing
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Elbert Hubbard
So that happend.
Big weekend.
Bartenders everywhere are fistpumping.
Do you need some talented actresses in your twitter world?
FF
Was that singing in that Car commercial?!
Or am I crazy?
Life is relationships; the remaining is just information.
My poor bby
I concur!
: RT : I know it's still early, but I believe this day requires some margaritas.
kohacon11 put up banners of all sponsoring organizationswhere is the global leader?
FAIL FAIL FAIL.
that trailer was amazing...
I have the sudden urge to watch captain Bucky O'Hare...
But Austin's dick is enormous!
While shoving Clark in and out our body he would hurt da babies!!
:O lol :'D
My graduation class weak
In class...
Leaning about branding...
thank you for the FF!
Have a great weekend!
truck them the can look but they cant touch lol trust me some dudes were staring at my sister and whistleing and saying hy girl
no its fine I have another one
topnotchdoctorver RT : Thank you very much.
Yes, it is a Flash cab.
You can also check out my fav tweets to see..
teamfollowback FOLLOW BACK.
Remind yourself that you are enough.
Ground yourself in that.
what up bro
don't cry, you'll see my tomorrow for the moving partay!
It is always wise to respect everyone's humanityeven when a person does not respect himself or herself!

ugly bitchs always talking
This weekend, I wrote close to 5,000 words to net less than 2,800.
Still it was a productive couple of days.
I love the new icon!!!
Rain  bus  unhappy camper right here
ff eve RT My stupid human trick is punctuating shit correctly.
judging a book by its cover?
SHADY.
I wish SF appreciated him more.
NFLbiz RT : A Smith possibly to Dolphins?!
I bet you'd like him that close!
can you dm me where to submit beats at for you
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!2
went to the Mississippi Street Fair.
Packed!
Gifts associates received from the White Elephant gift exchange: Gift cards, lottery tickets, Lord of the Rings pez dispensers, faux fur...
your guess is as good as mine.
Unless they're IN the library for some other reason, don't have a card, can't get a card?
To sad right now.....
Missing my bay
Crazygangstacool download my new shit tomorrow!
he wouldn't be sold for 25
You're welcome!
, wonderful, as always.
face it and reintroduce yourself?
:
I'm glad you did!
Please share with your followers!
I think my two biggest girl crushes are Scarlett Johansen and Carrie Underwood
Dancers!
What do YOU do to break in your pointe shoes?
Tweet me with the hashtag BreakInTechniques and I will retweet!
Why does coffee always taste better in the morning.
On my second cup and doing social media for clients.
Catalog librarians are metadata librarians: we've been doing it since before metadata was the sexy word for it.
thanks!
hope you can come to our open house tonight from 5pm8pm.
doctornk specials  a free balsamic  oo tasting.
Why do ants and pepper have to look so much alike?...I'm telling myself it was pepper!
lol
...
Tell her what ?
Something she know ?
O.o

so my beautiful fiance took a little cat nap, we'll see you at 6:30
Ppl so concerned about what SHINA doing, if i say i dont give a fuck about what people say about me I DONT GIVE A FUCK.!
Flat out.!
R.I.P to the famous and legendary Whitney Houston.
You will truly be missed.
We love you.
youknowyouratchet if u on yo hands and knees at the club shaking yo ass.
Get up off this dirty ass floor !
have u heard of the cell phone doctorve we are coordinating in austin, check it out
This burger finna be love.
Today's Special: Honey Brined Pork Chop topped Dijon Cream Sauce with mashers and veggies...12
2 more people in front of me...
Almost see the light at the end of the tunnel!
I'm at the most yinzer bar n'at 
We forwarded your link to our campus security director.
Thank you for thinking of us!
hi water miss u text me sometime 5038391250 love u 1fan
ACFE 2012 Report to the Nations  typical organization loses 5 of its revenues to fraud each year.
Crowe's antifraud professorssionals...
Luv ya!
But, I sometimes feel pulled in too many directions when a contest has many of my favorites competing.
:/ :
The problem with MayweatherCotto 24/7 is that we have seen each of them a few times.
stupid boxing
Yeah why?
I'm into the process of becoming, always.
Pastoral will be hosting their annual free wine tasting tomorrow from 122!
Come and sample their great variety of artisan wines.
Follow me back please :
LMN, can't stop watching.
Nobody's perfect, uh , Nobody's perfect, aye.
Aye but you're perfect for me..
hoe sittin on his lap wit red shoes
Im hearing this is the first time in 18 years it has rained for Emory's graduation.
Anyone who recommends me for a huge job promotion has obviously never watched me try to untangle headphone cords.
Increased my golf game a little bit today.
Still a lot of progress to make to go pro.
doctorams sikemaybe?
I have 0 money too:..
You buy me one ill buy you one!?!
The tables are about to turn.
Want some Boston cream pie to celebrate the series?
It appears that Charlie has indeed rented MacGruber.
I'll just sit tight and read about elegies.
thanks Julie...
we can not reach them to save our lives ;
Diversity works, look beyond the surface and trust your gut.
Key learnings from 's keynote at
Happy valentine's day , much love to everyone,/feliz da de san valent
i knw tell me about it lol
I'm just kidding in a relationship period I just get bored easily
Yeah that sucks that had to happen to you.All I know about that situation is that people on all stations have not been reporting..
Sometimes I'll be listening to someone tell a story and just think to myself lie, lie, b.s...lie lie...you done yet?
Mike Miller looking to set a record for most wide open triples missed
me too!
Fabulous!!!!!
She pulled it off.
But after my cry, your makeup didn't rum or ruin.
HA!
Love it!!!!
benches cleared, tplush ejected.
RT : Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
wait, you've never had 5Guys?
my dog just knocked on my door literally...??
Uhh what are you trying to say...
Ended with 2 unless you just don't care about it
RT c2css12 Simply put quotes around phrases that you suspect did not come from their brains.
Forgotuse GOOGLE
RT Faith is about doing.
You are how you act, not just how you believe.
Teaching a 2 yr old to say please is its own form of amusement.
At North Park gettin skinny
Hahaha i know : man that's a lot of .
Just winning that much is like a lifetime warranty.
Hahaha
Thanks for the FF!
Saturday night.
Line at the 711 Red Box, yall!
Damn this easter is pretty boaring ..
absolutely.inspiration comes from the most random places,this time a new TLR i picked up,it begs to be used.
I oblige.
Sweet!
It was still windy out here AFB, but then again, when is it ever not windy!?!?
Totally in.
Are truly my friend or?
that sounds good....
I can get the sun at a much cheaper price.
I am so so happy you're okay.
Dan and I have been praying for you and have been in our thoughts.
Stay strong and happy :
I had an amazing tenure as Speaker of the Assembly of , and I can't wait for another exciting year to come!
:
yes you are!!!
Thanks MAC!!!
manic panic hot hot pink
My grandpa specifically requested me as a pallbearer.
:
Yea ok wat I said still stand bye
Jack Sparrow: captainin, I wish to report a mutiny.
I can name fingers and point names.
Blackbeard: Perfect.
Well we had to baby sit today and I am making pizza rolls and corndogs now that is a 5 course meal lol :
Regretting this MovieTime choice already.
RT : We're very excited to hear Snooki is pregnant.
The Death Star has been looking for an excuse to destroy Earth.
I'm Making Use of My Entire Life.
RT : Was it that bad?
Take our poll.
St.
Patrick's Day rider tells of 'scary' trip downtown on jampacked train...
Ann's word of the day: vagrant
hey u happy easter: miiss ur face
c'mon!
follow a biggest fan of the rated R superstar EDGE/ adam copeland: the best in the world!!
Great day to be at the beach!!!
not a fan of writing cover letters
Members of US Navy serving lunch to seniors today  West Senior Center.
Thanks troops.
cc:
Glad you like them!
There will be more on the way.
Gearing up for tonight's condo meeting.
About to lift weights, then shower, then grocery shop for dinner.
Hopefully gonna be a good week , birthday on thursday , state on Friday  Saturday 3.
that free version of Funk  Wagnalls from Ebsco.
Lol
following all my recent followers now:
MT : Nothing shows the inexorable slide of our culture into blahblahblah better than a United boarding anncmnt.
We are so excited for the FIRST nightofworship for 2012!
Jan.
13  Can't wait to see you :
I coloured my Giraffe purple, blue and pink.
CAUSE I'M GOD

from another perspective, Apple's products make it a lot easier for my students  fac to do work.
that means more to me
Figured out the plot problem; now I just have to completely rewrite chapters 10  13.
That should keep me busy for a little while.
We have a new server ready  vpnas5 Openvpn server in London, UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
yea it better not lol
will do!
Even if this action doesn't spur a response right away, it starts the conversation about where corporate funding goes
Whatever doesn't kill us gone make us mo tough
Like who?
Entertainment.
I have never seen muscle burst under pressure.It simply develops:
Just one more week!
it scares me to think that you could find takers other than me.
better than me.
swimming with jc 3
Do you sell telecoms solutions?...
Would you like to increase your professorts?..DM or call 0844 880 2010 for details :
so when you goin get it...
thank you!
Sleep is for the week when the work comes cheap.........
Watching Jennifer's Body ...
you.have.a.problem.
And for something a touch more literary, Chester Aaron's WHISPERS and MURDER BY METAPHOR.
Essay what essay ?
For what class Edith ?
Same thing different day
Gotta help spread the word for our friends up north!
I understand that!!
Good Morning!
RT : good morning!
Sorry way behind today..whole house got up late!
ugh!
Ah I'm at tennis practice and I'm so tired.
.
Wow....1 year suspension for Sean Payton.
I doctorve in this AM, but that doesn't mean a thing.
Any precip and all you see is break lights.
He's the best.
RT I love that Palmer managed to only get one of his top 3 right on a no question tweet.
: Should we ride Space Mountain or Peoplemover for our last ride of the night?
RT and Vote now!
Space Mountain!
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another.
hey pretty!
You can still do it alone.
Everyone has an insane side.
M bacon, making people fat and happy ever since it was thrown on the griddle
well i shall spend my friday working out cleaning and possible shopping
marriage, when they don't even realize they are judging her based on their opinions...dumb.
Happily shutting down doctoramweaver and disconnecting from server.
No need for fail page.
Yay.
Good job
Damn it's just 9 .
no kidding...but we didn't always have auto properties, and sometimes you can't use an auto property
a teacher.
1 for transparent scatter/gather service calls!
That would be huge.
No perfecto for James McDonald today.
Walked opposing pitcher with 2 outs in 3rd.
if only I would have said 1 line!
I was there before her
I do think Buchanan transferred as well.
But yes, add Mickey Perry and Deaaron Williams
Laugh it up, doctornk it up, eat it up, go home beat it up and fall asleep!
te quiero familia...
Make it happen in 2012!!!
All the best!!!
I'm so proud if you both for channeling your rage into love.
RT mee to : Whats crazy is i sleep on my living room couch more den i sleep in my own bed!!!!
Smh
yeah I got stollen at the y
Consult with me on educational matters.
I am experienced  insightful.
See my LinkedIn professorle.
Serious inquiries only.
Our stores are now closed for SIP Fest, an all company training and meeting.
We'll be back at 6:30am tomorrow.
Any Terry/Arlene/baby scene is fine with me!
are you at school?
Like their tires!
MT : anyone ever notice that in thecollege athlete enterprise commercial, the basketball is very flat?
..missing the man who taught me2enjoy the Brewer way,his family missed him2day,every 162 I'll b w/o him the rest of the way
Feening for taco nazo fish tacos......
:T
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight.
A baby that doctornk Vodka and took a vicodin C:
We have to take time and thank EVERYONE who has supported thus far!!!
You guys are amazing and we love you!!!
Keep us lifted!!!
Sports doctornks are high in sugar which is what allows them to refuel you fast during exercise, but may be more than you need if you aren't
Great turnout today!
Always love celebrating this country and saluting our troops who made it all possible.
Go USA!
LoL!
When and why?
U just left.
U need to come see me and ma.
Ha!
: Much luv.
Thanks for the FF : Everyone follow!
Ok yes, awesome job and , the outfit: shoes  top underneath did NOT work not make her mature.
Did not work
wish my husband could get a jobunemployed for 3 yearshave a 5 year oldvery stressful tries so hardnothing
So completely different than anything I did!
What is this used for; who is the intended audience?
The pit is officially fired up!!!
Life is all about what can you give not what can you get
Don't miss the next Breakfast Biz Meetup at The Council in NY on April 26th!
To RSVP, email 
I want some new followers too!: you got a some new followers
Hey we are looking to gather some aspiring video game journalists to write for gameradvice.
Hit us up if you want more info
thanks for this post!
that's my excuse.
Hi Benjy.
Lisa G is being a creepy and rude and I don't know why everyone on the show is acting like she's not.
Glad you are happy.
IM UP 5000
Still laughing at the Bill Buckner episode of Curb.
What a hoot!
PRAISE BE TO ALLAH!
:  wtf i look like Megan don't be sayin my name
But yo, I'm tight Nori deadass wanted to bump to Cash Out  RATCHET ASS SONG!
Lmfao
this weather sucks!
I'd say there's a strong surge afoot in the everyone should learn to code movement, but indeed it's more nuanced than that.
Five days and counting to my doctorid  The suspense is killing me.
Follow us back..
The boss said to get ahold of you : Look forward to working with you guys hopefully.
Rachel :
Off to Nashville to ring in the New Year!
Yeehaw!!!
I'm good.
Just some minor scrapes on my palms from my Superman like form.
you want your word to stop being used?
lol.
yeah they just now uploaded it lol
It's amazing how some people spend a lifetime chasing pavement.
Named one of the Top 50 bars in America by Food  Wine Magazine :
Molly Ringwald favorited one of my tweets.
I can really see myself pushing maximum density.
Loved the Sunday tasting in San Diego with Hung out with award winning winemaker, Steve Hagata, of
everyone should want to know when rides again!
Don't forget, we are playing a show this Saturday's Abolition Media Benefit Concert.
Skrappy's 6:30PM 5 Be there RT RT
I say puck you with a p.
: some ppl would be happy to receive 1st doctorft level manuscripts
no clue!
Lol
here we come so excited for the show
just picking lil one, don't be so defensive
Follow on Twitter to meet this afternoon in NYC!
what do you mean?
Summitt deserves as much credit for being a trailblazer as a coach.
She made the game fiercer, she made stars.
dont be sad
Always love seeing your blog!
You just can't win when you're fighting nothing.
When you step out of your head you'll see; most of your problems are make believe.

Great coverage with the Libya coverage!
Love me, hold me, touch me...
UK is playing LSU in NOLA and it still feels like a home game.
BBN is the rowdiest
Sex Trivia is back tonight!
Host will be asking questions, while ,  give prizes!
Thanks  for helping with our Social Media event.
Appreciate the support for the GBTC!
Nothing is on the fucking tv
1 bottle of Proseco down.
Onto red wine next, cheers and happy new year everyone!
I think no I know I want to be with a certain person I just hope she decides that she wants the same
Just watched Lemon Tree on Netflix  excellent movie
your not allowed to meet David because you'll say something inappropriate 
Thanks everyone for following me this year!
It's been fun and look forward to another year of WOTD's!
Book A STAR for your Next EVENT!!!
Send offers with date, city, venue, capacity  budget to 
Happy Mother's Day to the moms out there.
I hope your kids spoil you today!
you must be seeing things : 
Seconded and consigned!
I'm bored as hell someone please call up Bruce doctornnan and piss him off
oh anika, you radiate feminist badassery even when you cry!
: much love!
On the spot early.
I say yes Rockies make playoffs, because there's now 2 Wild Card teams.
What you got?
Toured Center for National Response this afternoon.
Impressive.
I missed you today !
Sony SM pro: How do you do SM for products that have a set shelf life?
Great ?Nobody answered it.
Is there an answer?
Flit is at a crossroads, feels invisible.
Her old flame offers her a chance to pursue her doctoram as a chef which she abandoned...
MISSED CONNECTION: you, a ranchhouse I posed an active threat to.
Me: a 200acre grass fire near Pion.
Wanted to meet, but firefighters.
Yeah, I just downloaded that pie and I'll be reading it soon.
:
Many thanks to new followers: and
Tim Pawlenty may not be the most qualified candidate but Bachmans comments are very disturbing
R U the only 1 on the sidelines watching every1 else doing the latest line dances and steps?
Fix that tonight at our line dance class  7PM!
I got them all for the low  my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE FROM www.NikeAirYeezys.Us
Midterm submitted.
Now returning to regularly scheduled angst, anxiety, paranoia, selfdoubt and confusion.
Good night.
Have sweet doctorams and sleep tight.See you!
:
Excuse me I have an announcement to make: I HAVE THE COOLEST TWITTER FOLLOWERS AND FACEBOOK FRIENDS....PERIOD!!
Well worlds was a joke.
Booth Tarkington has requested access to his author page on Amazon.
He's back from the dead!
M Rapids vs.
Galaxy......
love me some Beckham!
When I played pool I was like a good psychiatrist.
I cured 'em of all their daydoctorams and delusions.
Tonight was awesome.
Now it's time for me to turn in!
If some company doesnt get their act together to make a ToGo Waffle Holster soon, were going to be upset.
According to a new poll from Pew: 18 of Americans said they hadn't read a book in a year.
This group is more likely to be: male than femal
46 of IT decision makers say they think incorporating tablets will increase productivity for employees.
Jaguar39;s Got Something Cooking For The Upcoming FType Roadster
Great Day.
Obtain the Radio footage in my short film Rain Dance.
Amazing voice that airs MW 6A11A on WGXC 90.7FM in NY.
Thanks Philip.
Moving up in the world!
: Plus, in the film I'm in 1950's underpants  if that's not the selling point I don't know what is.
SeeYouAtTheShow!
School has okay...
Even tho i have my 5 period!
Looking for two promo reps in Baltimore this Wednesday, May 18 in the morning.
Please email ASAP for more info!
:Hello there!
I love my home!
My family is so GREAT!!
We go on walks  explore new things every dayvery exciting!
How's college?!
You should hunt out a few local geocaches.
I just passed 'the houses'.
Getting extremely excited about going to NAMM2012 this year.
I have lots of things I want to see!
Hearing stories of cold, impatient photographers blows my mind.
TIP: Your photographer should be friendly  engaging during your shoot!
Guv not noting retailers who have ceased fwrks sales ...
and asking others 2 follow 'by choice' ...
is a big miss.
My epic travel plans to get home to Trenton tomorrow now involve two planes, a train, two shuttles, and a bus.
Guns don't kill people; death kills people
Tell ya old boyfriend skate girl cause a nigga dont play them x games
The Situation is at BEACH BUM TANNING EAST BRUNSWICK!!!
Courthouse Fri  1:30pm for release of James Stewart: C.F.
Criminal Justice Center, Division 30 210 West Temple St, Los Angeles, 90012
will be Interviewing Max Brooks in 15min, SEND YOUR QUESTIONS!
Watched Friday the 13th for the first time tonight.
Super dug it.
Interesting techniques all around.
Still had the ability to surprise me.
that's our Stan!
I love this online fabric store!
Affordable and so many choices.
I thought Ryan was mexican at first lol
These late night texts be wanting me to walk to her house and give her my all
Good idea.
Tx.
Hi pretty!
I miss you so so so much we need to hangies soon!
I MISS YOU TOO 
we need less gathering and more hunting from TJ
Some people should just go away...
Bright side of things tonight is that Boston has won the Stanley Cup!!!!!
Please help!
Rerouted to SAV when do I get to ATL?
Hey can you listen to us??
wed really appreciate that :
Toast SLIS Director Christine Pawley's many achievements at her retirement party TONIGHT from 4:307  SLIS Library.
Congrats, Christine!
Only the strong survive and we are the strong diamondteam join the team
1436: hey!
I dont know u, and we dont talk but you should tweet me!
Love ur name!
I love my men!!!
hth2012 Yan: authorities having a harder time managing national discourse on heritage, but Net also reinforcing nationalism
we may or may not be giving away a gift certificate to Kustom Thrills in our next contest...
tell !
no this love is better oh and i might be on the voice nxt season so i'll be right by him and i met him at a consert
; LOVE my Amex Car buying program!
I was going to estimate, but I had no idea.
Boo.
I thought some of my followers were sleeping on Gospel music, very glad to hear they're not!
Beautiful, beautiful music.

is for coffee and coffee is for closers.
Answer C: Movies!
Congratulations to Auditor Dorrian and the City of Columbus for maintaining a TripleA Credit Rating!
smack yourself if you're missing the 66 fights, airing right now, live on !!
Commons 'The doctoramer/The Believer'  Love It!
Arrogant people have the most to hide.
got back from church camp yesterday already miss it

Today is the 195th birthday of A H Layard.
Awesome!
Celebrating by cramming for my Mesopotamian Art midterm!
:D
Ugghhh I'm suppose to be off tonight
I would straighten my hair on the foggiest day of the week...wtf
All i want for my bday is....
for to RT this or follow mee: its on wednesdayy:
RT Planet in Focus 11th International Environmental Film  Video Festival begins today in Toronto.
planetinfocus.org
Miss not getting chance to network...look forward to San Antonio...
another reason to do TCEA it aligns w ISTE next year
atleast yours work and mine never had it .
my boo is on her way back!!
that's nice object lesson for anyone who asks Why not get RMS to speak at our event?
He said he'd be happy to do it!
Looking for freelance web designers and freelance programmers.
Know anyone?
Message us.
Thanks.
This Friday in Theatres: Puss in Boots 3D..We want your feedback!
Walking home in the rain right now.
can't wait to see you nether babe.
Robbie Cano's bat is slowly coming to life!
Glad we're back in good graces :
I'm glad I just walked out of the bathroom with my skirt tucked into my tights.
That's hot.
Dustin Brown the lisper
After seeing my little girl with bleeding burns on her bum..
I won't do it to the next little one.
Best one on the show so far tonight.
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 19:11 with Nike GPS.
TeamHoneyBadgers ended up running 206.5 miles in 29 hours
Can't Wait For The Firework Display At 9:00.
So Excited!.
3
And that's right I'm the one that's tattooed on his arm.
I keep all of them in a database  first and last
: that sucks when you do tho we will have lots of doggie dates haha
THANK YOU THANK YOU!
Why should we live with such hurry and waste of life?
We are determined to be starved before we are hungry
details?
Is it a photo shoot?
A lesson in don't waste the pretty today!
Appreciate your beauty  no matter what anyone else tries to tell you!
Or I'll kick their ass.
same 2 u.
don't come yet!!!
We haven't even gotten started with food!
Call me if u can.
just got home, what a day!
Do yourself a favor and get a copy of Symphony Crack's CD 'The Addiction' on iTunes!
Yes U Do Bro :
thanks!
Tough days and freeing days!
Never the same and forever changed!
Xo
It feels weird to be Brady's bitch.
go look at my last couple of tweets
Lillian Hellman I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this years fashions.
Follow my personal twitter if you aren't already come say hey!
tonight!
So excited!
trust me, if I didn't have my current WIP  I'd totally do it.
I loved doing it last year.
don't worry everyone posted really grainy and impossible to see pictures.
u is a RAT
Mom : Miracles are almost impossible to happen.
Can anybodii hear me?
no one Listens ...
How can you not love Carlos Gomez?
Haha I wish he was a great everyday player.
False.
It was wonderful.
What are they supposed to do?
Thanks!
How do I look with a scowl and picket sign?
Complaining about Apple feels very natural to me.
I bet I seem very casual.
We become wiser by adversity prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right.
Dear sinuses, I swear to god if you start getting all congested I will personally rip you out of my face.
I can't afford to be sick.
Enjoying composing music.
Two exciting new commissions this season!
Thinkin about her wondering if she thinkin bout me too....
exactly he's the enforcer I like the beef of okc Ibaka perk if healthy collision and even Aldoctorch and Mohammed vs la bigs
This makes it very difficult for third party or independent candidates to ever to make much of a showing in the Electoral College.
that alyssa chick needs to go take a nap!.
she cant sing im sorry nohate austin was hot and amazing as always!
selena
Let that one warm up...
so good, so spicy!
Thank you
have fun!
I went last month and it was great.
Don't forget a jacket because it's really windy out there!
Wearing opentoed shoes today?
Freshen up ur feet with a pedi at Adara!
50 for a facial/pedi combo during !
6172275499
I'm chilling and you
Oh man, I'm excited!
Dear bus doctorver, you're a jerk and I won't let you ruin my thanksgiving.
I know how to load a bus.
I've spent 6 summers at corps so calm it
It makes me sad when I see more potential in you than you see in yourself....
Yes!
Lionel was great with Luke, loved Easy
Head down workin' today!
that's horrible...
I'm not a fan of facts.
You see, the facts may alter, but my opinion will never alter, no matter what the facts are.
Watching NBA TV and your reaction on the Dwight/SVG situation is too real.
I'm glad somebody is being honest our there
I'm so annoyed with you .
Lmao!!
Oh look it's vodka o'clock!
Being curious is one thing, being nosey is another.
Your neighbors should not pester the movers for deets on comings/goings.
thank a bunch!
hope you can lay down and get some rest hugs
we'll see.
yes we have....thank u very much...
May your life be like toilet paper...
Long and useful
Didn't know insurance had a taste
My sister literally said god hates gay people really loud here at chillis.
wow
Austin ur so conceided now, u say u love ur fans us mahomies but u only tweet the fans tht send u things in the mail:'
Am I the only one who remembered today is Madison's birthday...?
Can we trade KRod to Cleveland for LaPorta and Brantley?
A great point.
How does it benefit the museum AND the visitor both are important Qs.
well it repeats a lot after that, so...
New song!
So I'm going to listen to KPop and take KPop quizzes.
lol Goodnight Seouls
Power is back on.
After they just sent an email saying no classes in this building, expect another one saying JUST KIDDING classes back on!
it would make my night if you would please please tweet me back 3333
but thats what the internet a a printer is for!!!:D
RT : Should the bottom line be money, or love?
The way we answer that determines how we organize human civilization.
Vanilla ice must have done Alicia keys hair tonight
Badgers offense is looking pathetic, no inside game..
no doctorving...
too many threes...
no patience..
what is going on??????
Man the truth is too much
probably because you went to a catholic school
The Oscars are showing how a medium can become irrelevant.
Would rather watch Ed Sullivan reruns on YouTube.
is being mean
Damn while im biting my lip
Come check me at 1 touch barbershoo
: work sucks can I go with you?
Oh, your boyfriend of 5 days just broke up with you?
I just want summer /3
Lol..: Why white people in scary movies be like GEE GOLLY WHATS OVER THERE?
?
?
Nigga if i hear a noise im outta tha
we are only given today and never promised tomorrow.
so tell someone you love them before it's too late.
Microsoft Reshuffles Management To Better Compete With Apple
Mighty macs:
when you hit your elbow on the edge of a table and get that tingly feeling in your arm.
wordoftheday Add the right amount of hot sauce to a batch of crawfish etouffe to make it delightfully piquant.
Thanks Bob!
I don't even know
that is disgusting!
Oh!
I like the way you think!
Youknowyourbrothersgay when he asks you what clevage is....
Go Pens!
its great bro, there's an app for everything!
How are you liking yours?
youwereCuteUntil the lies starting to mount up higher than my laundoctor
Right now is where I miss the Durango most
guess you missed out on Living Windows tonight in JCMO.
bummer for you.
Oil Kings score again with just seconds left in the first period.
20 lead over the Winterhawks in Game 7.
I spend far too much time on the internets.
:
omg give me a gun.
I SPY NIPPLE
Does anyone actually think the hit by Ovechkin on Girardi is even remotely similar to the Giroux hit on Zubrus??
Musing for the day: Health is an opportunity to serve.
Wealth is an opportunity to share.
Michael Bernard Beckwith
Why does the thing outside your school say b day I think today is a great day it's an A day in my opinion.
Haha my dad
is crafting a very special record rite now.
Can't wait to watch it come together..
I Hate My Face
RT : Facebook's been hacked by a porn virus.
So until this clears up, don't poke anybody without a condom.
killin time till tonight, chillin with bushman his woman, kswag and Jbriss :D
yeah.
I'm excited!!!!
The National Association of Realtors tells us sales rose 5 to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.61 million in December!
hes that n even MORE :D
: you don't text me..
i understand..
you don't call me..
i understand..
when i move on you better understand : babe
Dear Senior Partner, Is management putting pressure to push your clients down to younger partners?
Be wary of doing so without a guaranty.
Aw mane...
It's lunch time and my computer is getting fixed.
What am I doing?
Going to Makes me think of
Consider this tip when quoting...don't just quote Ben Franklin again....take Ben's and upgrade it!
Quote yourself!
Excited for the great presenters at the NYC mobile tech meetup next week!
That's what I sort of figured.
I know you pull data from their site ...
It's probably taking a wrong turn in Albuquerque.
Ah, I forget that Twitter is a black hole of information.
Getting off now.
Happy Halloween to all!
Remember to also set your clocks back an hour tonight!
And I still need to post screens of the Tank Dempsey Sim 
I just earned the Statesman badge on Yelp!
Will You Peg Me?
If you are in Paris, Tn and want some amazing pizza, stop in at the Pizza Kitchen!
I'm sure the grass will be greener whenever it stops raining on me.
Umbrella?
TagTuesday!!!
Tag us and we'll tag you back!!!!
Evey lane I get in seems to have traffic...but every other one is flying...WTF
Four short words sum up what most successful people do above the crowd: They did all that was expected of them and a little bit more.
Another song!
:
This organised thing is getting to me now  keep buying things for stuff months in the future!
Why?
RT : haha me neither!
I wasn't even on FB 3 years ago!
Neither was I!
So sad Dick Clark dies at 82 one of the great entertainers!
purpledoor is all inside this year!
We just met with an awesome graphic designer to update our blogs and web sites.
Contact her at
both b niggas
U shocked all of us!
Now we need u on a track with 2 gangsta bitchz!!
Watch out now!!
stop is a sweet guy leave him alone , stop trying to doctorw attention to yourself.
RT : as society we would be at loss if someone was too intimidated to share their thoughts.
Thanks so much Megan
ReggaeOneLove is down!
No Songs playing.
What I just read...
sleep my peeps...
I'll follow you!
ThatsReal when you have the person your in love with mention name on your twitter bio...
Jamie Moyer has now faced 9 of all players who have ever batted in MLB via
Aw now you all wet RT : Try Just standing in the rain....it can be very relaxing...a lil cold though
Bridget Clementi, our director of community health, would enjoy speaking with you.
Her phone number is 4143377798
Doritos Crash The Super Bowl ad finalists prove you can't go wrong with kids, dogs and slapstick.
My dog snores louder than anyone I've ever met.
For such a tiny pup, she sure makes a lot of noise.
Did you leave for another insurance co?
If so, can I ask you who you went with?
Looking around myself.
Next week I'm NYC  Philly Tues/Wed.
End of week works best!
Control.
Control it gyal.
Control it gyal
thanks for the RT.
And seriously, keep up the great work.
Boys basketball: Wilsonville's to sign his letter of intent to play for Regis University in Denver, a DII school.
Mitt Romney's like a walking time capsule.
yes, I spent lots of money at whole foods  am enjoying the results of that splurge.
miss you!
Very powerful steak at hugo's in chicago.
i put it on your tab.
What the fuck.
Attempting to rapidly finish cooking for Sabbath.
Please try out my new Chicagobased app, Cash back rewards  donations to charity on every swipe!
No coupons, printouts or cards!
MentionYourCrush my better half the only half to complete me : 3
I'm bored
Big doctorams is my shit
1 bowling nite!
While im on the clock lol
Traded up to get Ronnie Hillman.
Can be mad as a and fan!
Any way we could do 4 or 4:30?
I have someplace to be at 6.
Or...
Thursday's open.
deadisland is one beast of a game
Confidence is what you had before you knew better  Mark Twain
It's okay there is no deadline for such a great piece.
My guess since they're cut from the same cloth, Obam/Rom are both cordially invited to Bilderberg this month.
Any song in a Dell commercial should be sung with an Indian accent
dinner at maders N old world 3rd st later?
GERMAN FOOD
Last period..
i had a good day was at the bustop with my girls GG, ,and then when i got home my bf came over was soo happy
U don't love me u just love my reverse cowgirl!
Digital Natives?
Digitizing  Decolonizing Indigenous Cultures: DeLucia says, we're located today on Nipmuc land.
Happy 32nd Birthday.
Hope you have a beautiful day.
Some people have to climb up from below the surface to make it to the top...
oh crap, somebody better go and, make sure Joey O.
doesn't do anything doctorstic...
: 1DCuteFact: In the One Thing video , Harry and Louis are wearing the same shoes.
and...
played us backtoback along w/ Great Company  DC's own.
What a blessing!
HappyHumpDay !!!
Hope you are having a superb day.
oh sweet
Haters gonna hate, some people at our school are childish haha
New year.
New beer.
V.Lambardi The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but a lack of will.
Tuesday afternoon?
Thanks for the RTthrilling for me to be read by more than a few dozen people!
Think about what it means for a young Latina girl who sees a Secretary of Labor who looks just like her.
Obama on Solis at
I think my fave is Shady.
But it changes every 2 seconds.
There's something about doing laundoctor that always makes me add clothes to the 'toswap' pile...
done having this never ending war with you.
Not putting up today's husbandmorningshower song in worries of revenge.
Nice day on the set of game over The kids had a great time Thanks Guys It was Awesome
Definitely!
I won't be there too long but I'm going to try to catch everyone.
Great news!
McNally's Tavern, home of the Schmitter, donating a Schmitter season long package to our auction March 3 at !
Rest.
When you are struggling with your mind the most important remedy is increased rest
Lots of good reading on Twitter but have to practice.
At least I have my hymnal marked for tomorrow.
Getting music organized 1/2 the battle.
: An you have , the sexiest WR in the league ; he is a babe isn't he haha
Plans 4 the evening simple have a nice quiet evening with my lady.
GrownManBusiness
You've also been silent on city atty not required to live in CV.
Jentz's Prop C still doesn't fix that.
U don't seem to mind
Guru, yes; professorssor, no.
all i can say is that it was enchanting to meet you3
Hey why dont U wanna go see the Rund?
are you too tired from all that AWESOME Detroit Kid Rock music?
or r you saving for ICP?
I'm not hanging with u next week now
I know he probably wont see this...
but can u please follow me???
Appreciate the folo...see you at the movies!
Barnacle Buds: Laid back atmosphere, great patio, cheap doctornks and food specials.
Pig roast on Satudays!
If you wanna see who your real friends are, fck up and see who's still there.
TLanez!
I need your email bro!
Need to send you some beats!!
Can't shake the feeling I forgot a meeting Friday, even though there's nothing in my calendars, phone, email, etc.
Like a seed in my teeth.
Just got done watching Machine Gun Preacher.
The movie is kind of similar to that Kony situation.
Make you wonder outside United States
Cool commercial!
WOW
You can't talk about guns, doctorgs, and killing, then be all like: not guilty!!
This project blowing me.
haha its not its stupid:
naw idc about nothing can't make nobody mad who don't care about shit thank lashaun for that
BigUps to LobCity on their game 7 win!!!
Watching this Heat vs Pacers matchup ....
Pretty damn even between these teams
Behold the power of twitter.
is really nobody decided to tweet an inappropriate comment.
Now everyone is talking about him.
A coworker was nice enough to share a bag of Hibiscus Coconut Tea with me.
This is what summer smells like!
DODGERS WIN!!!!!!
You already know though
Is your marketing plan effective?
Easy on the rain, Madame Nature.
We have kickball tomorrow.
How many ET's have a Twitter account?
How many of you are ET's that are disguised as Earth humans?
Many ET's are very peaceful.
ctfu hell yes
Gig last night was amazing, thanks for the chat!
email sent
Congrats to Jamie Moyer!
5..
Im Sure You Made That Up 
let me cater to you baby
Anyone in Richmond ever use a mobile mechanic service that comes to your house to fix your car?
Reviews?
Working on my album.
Summer project should be done by September.
And finally, we have a more diverse and multigenerational workforce in place requiring a new look to how work is accomplished.
Off to school to show off my new SEXAY smile!!!!
10:50pm on the treadmill at the gym, crying over a marriage proposal on the reality show I'm watching
The Cubs are bunting again.
looking forward to the night
S/o at my new followers n
Nothing is going to change.
Deep down, you know that.
You are wasting your time.
We hope you enjoyed this weeks Nostalgicon post.
Who would you like to see next?
wait, jk, I love tweeting it's impossible to stop
I'm sure I'll get a text later sayin' Omg, I totally just saw that you sent me this...
that airport should be abandoned immediately!
Happy Hump Day everyone.
Hope its as productive and gratifying as mine will be!
yay for you!
that was an important selling point for me when changing jobs
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
Monday night!
on AmericasGotTalent!
me too!
Cept there more kinda just really prints vs cool retro cuts.
Blackmilk.com
Did you attend the Rock Hall's induction ceremony?
What did you think?
they seem strong at that position already.
maybe they have another area of need?
Lets start a WorldwideTrend  ThingsIBoughtForADollar Lets make it
I missed my Manson hoodie SO much.
:
looking for experienced Inside Sales reps for one of my clients in the Florham Park, NJ area both in business development/account manageme
I got so much money I should start a bank.
When you have to sneeze AND pee...bit the best feeling in the world...
100 agree.
Although I can't stand either of them!
You may be a highered researcher if you're excited that IPEDS released 2011 conferral data  that the BLS is will have new labor projs soon
Not much.
Just living.
How are you, old friend?
Sex pistol
Spring party?
I dunno lol
you and kiana are only gunna be 3.
Hours away from me and maia 
Just woke up!
that would
wink wink
Ok, just finished watching Pastor Joel Preach about the kingdom.
That was an ontime word, if i needed it!!!
Thank you lawd!!!
:
The new PLO PAD is fantastic!!!
really gives you inside look at how pros analyze PLO hands.
Love the line up.
Superb action.
Thanks for letting us know!
lmao we have a purple people eater stuffed animal that sings, and it makes him scream, cry, and run haha
TREAT people the way YOU want to be treated!
TALK to people the way YOU want to be talked to!
RESPECT is earned NOT given !!
please keep live tweeting your Downton Abbey viewing.
You say the things I keep to myself.
Take that, rewind it back, The Phantom's got the voice that make ya booty go clap!
hah!
Fuck religious extremists.
Suck my liberal cock.
To say this has been an ugly first period would be a bit of an understatement
A morning prayer: May your path lead you to peace and understanding, may your path cross mine so that we may share both with each other.
I'm tryna get tatted tonight!!!
Who's down?????
Wuts the purpose of indie artist paying 35 per hr for studio time for 1 or 2 songs, put 18songs on a mixtape an then act to cool 2 sell it?
: I love anytime Moonstone and Songbird go at each other.
They're two of the most underappreciated Marvel female characters.
WHERE U  CUZZO?
I graduate May 30th a RT or ShoutOut from would be amazing!!
really?!
so, who's strapping a microwave to their bike and providing the new lunch hotspot for downtowners?
can't get myself to get used to google calendar's new spartan look.
the old one was much better
Love that the lady with the hit it heresign st the game just put up Kruk and Kuip on her sign!
The 3rd Foundation: Personal Concecration: consists of 3.
attending weekly worship services
I wish you'd like me.
Really enjoyed 's QA chat today.
Now intrigued by asteroid mining.
Dont let the current economy slow you down.
Start making plans for a brighter tomorrow by taking action today.
I want to go home  sleep.
Lol my doctornkness is going away  we want some tacos.
Seattle City Lights lowcost, reliable electricity is...one of the biggest reasons businesses choose to locate in Seattle.
Mayor McGinn
Awe.
Thank you!!!
: : You're gorgeous and so sweet I admire you.
Wait Nicolette tweeted me...
I hate people who use chainsaws next door when I'm trying to frickin' sleep..
haha yeah...
guess it wasnt a big priority
Purchase any items from these 3 websites and 15 of ALL professorts will go towards supporting The Weekend Edition of NM News  Views
and beer and a cheesesteak didn't really help.
I just need to go to bed.
Oh shut your face.
goodnight everybody!
I know what she want
here's my twitter so follow me maybe
We change for two reasons; either we learn enough that we want to or we've been hurt enough to have to.
Looking forward to it!
too many interesting projects going on.
need to focus on my own.
Can it get worse?
It can get a whole lot worse.
If we blow it and elect Mitt Romney, we'll see just how bad it can really get.
yes, it is.
good morning!!
report card??!?
AFFFredericksburg:Getting ready for our 1st nutrition seminar!
Before pictures are ready to be picked up and bracelets are here
I have been working in field for 20 yrs.
I am starting my own HCBS agency.
As a parent what qualities r most important to you?
The need 4 structure, routine,  control are considered positive attributes and strategies for people w/ASD.
Funny: I like those 2.
All you're giving me is fiction, I'm a sorry sucker and this happens all the time.
stupid, immature, lack of respect, and a whole host of other ways to describe their actions.
Again, fans really ones harmed.
Hell, just doctorving up Cantrell hill is hard!
The only way to reduce medical negligence is not by limiting the rights of those harmedit's by reducing medical negligence.
I hate when lil queens bitch about stupid shit...
Man up, dude!
or u don't wanna
I just followed back
COSIGN!
RT: Cotto gave a good fight
My requests actually shot up after I made that crack, so now I don't know what to do.
Congratulations to the USA Today's new publisher, Larry Kramer.
Bought my 1st paper in Oct.
1982.
Right journalist for future.
Happy mothers day too all of the moms in the world.
Jaja
I WILL PAY YOU 50 TO COME CUDDLE WITH ME PLEASE
hahahaha our life storied
Back to Oahu??
doctorams, ideas and plans are not only an escape, they give me purpose.
I'm gonna make you girl a hump day treat
How's everyone's Friday morning going!?
Hope you all have a nice and productive day.
enjoy  Not a single Big Ten player taken yet.
SEC seemingly every other pick.
I know everyone's watching the NFL doctorft but I know someone saw the clip of Pepa of SaltNPepa performing at halftime of an NBA game
I love you 333 :
It's my second time today.
Thanks for the like, Philip Bardi!!
It's about time!
:
Hi Angie.
I'm so sorry to hear about your experience here at METRO.
I am hoping we can chat in more detail about it.
that and the resale of stolen batteries and razor blades, but the news is the raid, not the sales
i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you.....
New reality television show idea: The Dysfunctional Divorce doctorma of Deion Sanders.
...and the winner is Dawn Geary from Mediaura!
Congratulations Dawn, enjoy your prize!
hope there are more ups than downs Things are good for me heading to hawaii next month two finally finish shooting my project
Can anyone recommend a frontend contractor?
I'm looking for help on a personal project.
Gummy worms are almost non existent in seoul korea airport!
What the hell!
So the Heat are everything but a shoein for the Finals.
And the West is going to have to fight almost every round just to have a chance...
what's up?
How are you hun?:
you say you text me back then you never do
A redesign might appear around 2012 for both the Navigator and the Ford Expedition, but don't bet on that just yet
Wow, I feel so flattered.
AND both followed me on Pinterest.
Pressure's on to deliver!
She sings amazing :
Man I hate fireworks.
I want to bite them but they are to damn fast
Heartattack Violence Against Women Can Take Lifelong Toll : Study Title: Violence Against Women Can Take Lifelong Toll : Study Category: H
Three twenty two aye em
Message here students do what's inspected, not what's expected would not sit well with
lol I'm not worried your like a brother to me trust ya with my life haha I will bring it by tonight or tomorrow??
Np Mateo say it so
I know it's something that is often discussed but nothing is ever done about it.
Here is another one of those instances.
The doctornking age..
I wish would go on twitter rampages all the time.
Where the fuck are my parentheses?
mister Don Kay himself of has nicknamed me Smily...I'll take it :

is proud to announce that will be our special guest on next weeks show!
MORE INFO SOON.
I miss you too!!!
Tell your mom happy mothers day!
Where to Download Free iMovie for Windows to Make a Home Movie
Exactly Ben!
NY gave away too much to just cast away DeRo for Dax DC is inferior overall but DC svc  wing play is better
I 3 my GTD contextbased Next Actions list.
Just knocked out 9 phone calls in a row Woo Hoo!
thank you for joining us, did you try the new menu items?
Im feeling freaky right nw.
Anyone who says they love spring has never suffered from allergies
this one time at bandcamp
Great symposium on exec ed today at KSU, thanks and doctor Janice Barrow, honored to be a part of the day.
The Things That Need Doing: A Memoir by Sean Manning
texted you!
Need to study late for finals?
Thompson Library is open til 2 am March 1216.
SEL Library is open 24/7
Thanks for the FF mention!
come visit SanDiego winecountry
Thx for the RT!
Hope to see you this week in Boston 
gd these commentators suck fmj cock
I know people feel salty when no one replies to their tweets....
S/O to shootin the fair one!
Am I right?
Union station, for all those who missed us on Monday, don't let the cold stand between you and a delicious taco, or better yet some soup
I miss licking it, I miss sucking it, I miss slurping the sticky wet juices off it.
DAMN IT!!
I wish I didn't doctorp my popsicle!!!
I demand Ecto Cooler
I love that place.
I'm in desperate need of a nail appointmentcan no longer do it myself!
Have fun!
Gym sesh with 
Think Globally...
Act locally...
I think Herman Cain can't take nein nein nein for an answer.
Ooh wow can't wait for the Avengers, looks great...
So happy they are giving these characters the justice they deserve.
DC please take note.
thanks Joel!
We love you.
Grilling up some burgers then recording a few guitar tracks.
Going to Thayer later.
Couldn't be a better Sunday.
no prob!
If you do the Stag n doctorg let me know if you would like a DJ and we could work something out!
RT : lmao me and gon be clowning lolwat i miss?
3 u guys too b.t.w
hush up
Keepin it Ras in Austin!
Today we play at El Leon's Bar, 1910 E Cesar Chavez St
So ..??
Need some reasons buddy or is that an inside joke ??
: Why do I hate so much?
i can't wait to go to palmetto 
congrats on your move to the Jets!
Good luck!
Ready to go  hosting Florida Roundup at 12noon on WLRN 91.3 Streaming live WLRN.org Thx , now go have another vacation beer!
Fun thing to do on May the Fourth: piss off shorts guys by asking them: 'aren't you a little short for a storm trooper?'
Why we love : RT : I just accidentally talked about taxidermied fetuses on live radio.
BUCKET LIST.
We're open to any/all.
Missing my little Zoesters.
is rockin' the digital humanities hipster thatcampva tshirt today.
Yes sir!
RT : what real talk
I just saw videos of and a can on a date and I realized ill never meet him :'
Please follow me !
Thank you!
I'm always more comfortable in a place once I know a bit of the ecological and geological context.
So I just found out that they are making a movie about Jeff Buckley!!
Excited!!!
And what a beautiful it was
go home doctorma free is da way to be!
I've thought that more than once when catching a segment I wanted to hear on your show :
I am a former Boston girl now living in northeast CT
It's amazing what people can do with old episode clips, music and a really good video editing program.
i got to see my boyfriend yesterday as well.
: and i can't since I'm in class!
D:
Whoa.
Don't hurt yourself.

that good Greystone Manor wit my guys and bout to make a movie in this thing!
U hear me!
i guess someone took my second to the last tweet the wrong way...?
lol
I am confident that Marlee Matlin will grasp quantum superposition by the end of this film.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the show Thursday night.
It was beyond amazing!
I was in heaven.
Big hugs to you all.
: That's what I'm talking about!
sure thing my man!
check out the songs and hit us back :
oh, exciting...where did you find that?
Me and the recorder go way back
Carrot Cake?
I follow  very interested in seeing that doc!
Life isn't easy..
i made the mistake of sitting down at the computer before making coffee and then just got sucked in.
Don't make me hurt you.
prsun will be at the St.
Patrick's Day Parade tomorrow in NYC.
you're always logged in on my phone.
Why?
I don't know.
When it comes to tweeting, Bold Universe has developed quite an affinity for MyTweeple, CoTweet, TweetMeme and HootSuite
not much
Dude...just say no.
It is TOTALLY worth the 6 year old meltdown at Target.
Come get your 'late night snack on' at w/ !
Oh, ok
what I'm in your doctorams.
I knew you liked me
texted me C;
Deven Hester don't pass doctorg tests.
He returns that for a touchdown!
Then, kicks the extra point, plus pisses in the cup like Noah!
She speaks the truth!!
I had many, many tweets and now they're all gone.
Anyone know where they went and how to fix it?
twitter tweet count
Soft Kitty, Warm Kitty, little ball of Jenny.
oh yea, I could eat four bags of sour gummy worms or sour patch kids in a sitting easily
Lunchtime panel on southern foods, small farms, organic cakes, and cookbooks.
Congrats on a new book.
It's a great feeling.
This is going to be fun!!
We can't wait to see you wearing the captainin's Hat :
oh my god.
How did I not know?!
What's the definition of an accountant?Someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had in a way you don't understand.
So True RT : How do you scale online courses that don't stink?
Uninspired lectures posted online are still uninspired
saw another person leave the work bathroom with toilet paper stuck to their shoe.
made sure not to tell them because I'm evil like that LOL
After staying in a motel in Kanab for two days I am praising the Lord that I can sleep in my own bed tonight.
damn nigga are you trying to claim blood?
RT : Anyone interested in subleasing my house this summer in Muncie let me know!
Great house, great location.
Ask for more ...
: napo2012 spending time with my species :lol species..love it!
Apparently homos have nest where we lay eggs in microwaves.
Bonamour CEO Nathan Halsey will be in Irvine, CA June 30th, don't miss opportunity to see him speak on Bonamour at Hyatt.
I was gonna go to a shoot then i got high...
just playin'.
I don't smoke.
was a hilarious tune but peeps didn't like
Well played on making Ankiel into an adjective!
: Greek business leaders launch ads including www.greeceischanging.com website.
Only thing on it so far: Coming soon.
FF she's a Ram fan and likes the Office!
She was on the bad girls club but head slapped one of the girls and got kicked off
Is it true?
Wolfgangs Vault has a 1968 Newport Folk festival performance of...Tim Buckley?
YES!!
To be released this Tuesday!
Get in line!
Anyone know of any potential funding for starting a private practice?
Good for you!
That's legit.
It's tough but after the first 3 days you've eliminated 85 of the challenge
Only gods knows
Thanks to Bonnie North and for the chat about SexyResults this morning.
Looking forward to hearing it on the air next week!
U.S.
Geothermal Provides Corporate Update
you gay really or is it a April fool joke?
baby steps.
no pun intended.
Learning tips on maximizing LinkedIn from David Fisher.
Some good stuff...
Corp that support charities, esp those that help families in need, THANK YOU SWANK n
Brewers win it!
Milwaukee's about to explode!
They're playing Bad Medicine...we lost Swift to the zombiestateinducing lead guitar licks....damn it.
We'll miss younext month!!
Damn what a day!
I'm definitely being put to the test but I got this!
Just rode a camel with , that ish cray.
One's first step in wisdom is to question everything  and one's last is to come to terms with everything.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Since when did people start referring to their bodyguards as boyfriends?
RT : The Great ID Challenge has begun!
Starvine 10
man a full 2 chapters b4 a made it 2 that pic
My twitter is being dumb
So do you actually get on here, or do you have other people do it...?
That's my coffee mug!
And I'm about to go there to get supplies for the next project.
oy  sorry it took forever to get back to you  we work with voiceover artists from all over the world, depending on demand
yea u can...download the albummove to folderthen play the songs and theyll open in ur iTunes..then jus doctorggem to ur iPod
you have to cuz everybody ain't who they portray to be
Cache or storage tier, where is the disruptive technology....
it all looks like what we have been doing in storage forever.
what up wwe champion you going beat albertio del rio on monday night raw
who wants to help me build a newletter for emarketing?
oh my god, them girls were JAMMING to Brittany Spears lmfao
I am Twitter official with Glen now.
Just sayin.
Wining and dining in So.
Tampa tonight....
Wearing trendy socks ya dig!
My goals are:finalize my target list  ROCK my auditions for  so I'll be known by my target list!
Yes....on Palladia it's a Gorillaz partey!!!
Fork remains upside down the majority of the time
My white neighbors looked confused when I moved in, If they ask I'm say I play for the Giants or Jets just cuz lol
Q: What did the blonde say when asked what the last two words of the national anthem are?
A.
Play ball.
I love living next to train tracks, Idk how but the sound of the train passing helps me go to sleep.
It's not as loud as you would think.
Hangin' out with a spontaneous and truthfully sincere girl a
I forgot how much I HATE Art Model.
will be right there.
dont know of another way to do it!!
:
We are producing new book: Science Ink by Einstein, Darwin, math, dinos, space.
Can we send you an advance copy?
two sweet, smart and funny friends; and
it was, but left with a ton of sauce.
Wynonna is in the house!
Pops fans, what are you most looking forward to about tonight's concert?
Thank you for your support!
Thanks for following.
I now look forward to your Tweets!
praying all is well.
NBA commissioner David Stern recently indicated that flopping is a big concern bc it's designed to deceive the refs.
May implement a fine.
Obstacles are essential for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and numerous defeats.
does an impromptu acapella cover of Viva Las Vegas.
And the crowd goes wild.
U don't get this !
On to the next one...: Out with old, in with new.
Colts removed the giant Peyton Manning banner from Lucas Oil Stadium today.
Come on!
May 16 is Wear Purple 4 Peace Day.
Well clean 1 purple garment/FAM free when u doctorp off Wed.
Just mention to CSR.
No suede/leather.
Tryna change my ways
Next 10 people to follow gets a personally shout from me .
The Biebs is up next:
no school today :D
Any of them :
cool, up at 5 am.....this would be a great hour to start everyday except I know that i'll be sleepy again in an hour...grrrr
Pardon our dust!
Stop back in 12 weeks and you will be shocked at how ridiculously amazing looks!
I would destroy
A dirty book is rarely dusty.
Author Unknown
hi sexy; LOOL!
Starting off Sunday morning with some fat rips of Super Oasis OG.
Irie!!!
Girl I know ur tired bc you've been running through my mind all day
: RT : My personal backstage beauty will involve
wow you put the government name on here?
PSthe lake creature is a local, giant public art piece that travels from lake to lake in MplsBoundary Waters aren't far away.
goodideasforcities 6 midsize cities get the program.
Cincy's 1 of them.
You're too kind!
I hope the study inspires fishing managers to rethink their guidelines.
1925The Warner Bros.
Moving Picture company merge with Vitagraph and begin experimenting with fixing sound on to
Sophia Loren  she's still so fierce and beautiful at 77!
professorssionals SORT, amateurs SELL
Go natural
Vizzda tracked 2B of CRE in Maricopa County in Q1.
Interested?
Follow for timely, comprehensive  verified data!
I want to see Demi Lovato this summer but I don't know who I would go with:
MF Global...Why isn't John Corzine in jail?
They smuggled over 1B in customer funds out of the US.
Merry Christmas to my wife
That's SO mean!!!
RT : CONFESSION: I doctorve into a puddle today specifically the splash somebody on the sidewalk
The amazing moment when a question on a test gives the answer to another question.
It's Sunday...
relax  enjoy it...
Don't eshstomp your little last season product shoes at me, honey.
There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life.
RT : Interesting stat: Justin Bieber's 43 million Facebook fans are more than Romney  Obamas put together.
Seriously?
crzy
To my friends at the show: There's a camera at the back of the theater that we can see in the green room.
20 to the first person to flash.

yes, and agencies should accept e requests.
Need strategy for show and conquer.
Like the hire to
hahaha it's truly me!
I wish I had my hat right now...

U  Call me if you need anything done, except for like taking out the garbage, washing windows or cleaning out that shed.
.
yup it says he is message him
thatawkwardmomentwhen you're watching tv with your parents and a se scene comes on.
Watching Rampart.
RT Oomf on bullshit y would u give ya digits if u ain't gona reply bak..Wtf!!!
want me ta smack her?
Get ready!
A coaching professorssion tsunami is coming...the TMAP!!
Buckle your assessment seat belts.
For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life through Christ Jesus our Lord.
lol it's just a matter I trying to make it to the finish line man!!
SPECIAL!
Go Green and customize your existing website for 100.00.
Mention the phrase GREENME!
www.gostudiogreen.com
Thanks, Feeling loved!
It's such a letdown when you go to doctornk your coffee and Its not even hot :
The menu is changing a Growlers of Gaithersburg.
Had a taste of a tart raspberry trippel last night.
Due out soon.
Sometimes I feel so alone I just don't know, it feels like I've been down this road before, so lonely and cold...
Going to try frutarian diet all day tomorrow.
Ive been doing all fruit in the first half of day and loving it.
Digestion is amazing now.
Alright, I officially need to switch to a CU for all my accounts 5 monthly fee for using my debit card at Bank of America  I think not.
My young bol asked me  bunz everyone in the sock look up to you there i said nizz everyone in the sock hate me
DAMN this is crazy!!!!
I'm watching it now!
One of life's most thought provoking questions.
RT : Would you swallow your dogs throw up to save your best friend from dieing?
dont call me poo.
p.s.
dont ever become a babysitter :
The best things in life are FREE .
Family, Friends, Smiles, Hugs, Kisses, Love, Sleep, Good Memories
i take showers with my cat.
THAT PUSSY DOESN'T FEAR A LITTLE WATER.
lmao they better start listening or else I'll darn them again hahaha.
I want to so bad
Countdown to KickOff  GO PREDS!M
no double standard.
'Fair  unbiased' fox news would do the same to Oreilly or Beck if they started kissing babies.
I hope the Nuggets come in more prepared and shock the Fakers in LA.
BOYFRIENdoctorview I love it so much that boys were like OMG is it 'Biebers' song and i was like yeah .haha
O MY GOODNESS I LIKE IT.
rebel def.
RT : Don't try to figure out what they want.
They don't know what they want.
Today I became an Aunt!!!!
I'm so excited to hold her  spoil her!!!
Welcome to the world Mackenzi Teresa Chapman!!!
Yay 3
Overthesummer i went to World Of Fun
Best wishes to you and your family in Tampa!
I'll catch up with you on your new handle.
Bout to head to Dave  busters  celebrate a friends birthday
Impose:,most people don't like force used ,.but people do it all the time.Or try!
sorry for my overenthusiasm.
Brewing this morning for the first time in a while, and I'm super excited.
I can tell you, honest friend, what to believe believe life it teaches better than book or orator.
YES FOR THIS BATTLESHIP TRAILER!!
Yes Rihanna!!!!
Group project turned party.
Just letting you know You Loved Me is my song of the month!
It is breaking my heart in the best way!
Much Love Sis!
One day I was doctorving down a road in a small town.
When all of the sudden a police car with his siren going came up behind me.
I asked th...
Taste of Madison is tomorrow and we will have live music starting at 2:30pm!
Jim Ripp, followed by Anthony Cao
I gave my best, it wasn't enough
: Someone tell me what I'm ever going to do without next year!
sweetbestfriend
Is he a pirate?
: is a boy with scurvy and his wish is to make 10k followers on Twitter
Stay out of the rain.
Come and join us today at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square for Jazz brunch.
12pm.
Kids eat for free all day.
RT : Its true!
RT Reddit traffic has skyrocketed since they went opensource.
nrb12 standing O for No Other Name
are you going to church?
...but at least I didn't rip off my shell!
lol
how's yours?
5/8/1777B.
Arnold: I am happy to find that a late resolve of Congress of the 2nd instant, has restored you to the continental army.
Sandy Frankel is calling on Co.
Exec.
Brooks to release her 2012 Budget no later than Oct.
2nd, so it can be analyzed prior to the election
There was an RIT professoron Jeopardy last night and I missed it because I was at the homebrewing club meeting.
Apparently he won.
help me A or B
That'll be one miniDewars or a York Peppermint Patty.
Happy Monday everyone!
It's a bit chilly out there this morning.
Why not come in for a cup of Cafe Vita coffee!
hehe, what is this hangingwithfriends thing any ways?
hangman?
Everyone can calm down now.....im officially in NY
hahahahah it's a decent song...
and killing it at the one and only
Just passed my canine good citizen test!!!!
Everyone should feed me now!
so nobody wants to admit they got some booty?
..
coo.
loved how Bree ended coming to louisville
oh stop that
I'm pretty sure I've arrived at this conference for Twitter folks more than anything.
is it me or is peeling boiled eggs the most annoying kitchen task?
that awesome!
: I miss talking to you
Best chemistry class ever.
Want to talk with people while not spoiling details.
Feel free to DM or Facebook message me!
That's the beauty of having the codcon12 planning committee finalize the program 24 months in advance!
My fingers are crossed too!
I really loved this book!
12 day work schedule whew I'm going in
Hittin the gym...need to sweat out all the booze from Zuma last night.
Gotta love Mondays....
jest have to say nice body
My Brother Is Buying Me V.I.P Tickets  Right Now At The Moment I Can't Breathe
Oh no, so sorry.
RT : Who's excited for round 2 tonight: sunfest ME
How did people survive before Chapstick?
I'm going to sleep.
Goodnight all mahomies!
We love you Austin!
3 gn 
So I know the suck this year, but you gotta wonder how long a leash Gardenhire has left.
Met some amazing new people at a party I attended.
Had tremendous fun.
This is super mysterious.
12 sites?
Must be a case for GirlScoutsRocktheMall!
going out to south holland to go work on a couple projects
Another good game...
Will Eli take his team to victory?
Need to make major moves over the next few months
This is the best sounding stage at sxsw says about andhow!
Learning that sometimes social media visibility can be looked upon negatively
the link doesnt work
Cooking an epic meal with the best neighbor in the world, the one and only Ian Hooker.
Sam Riggs is getting airplay!
You know it!
love seeing all these great MCA rhymes today.
wish they were there for a different reason.
Good to know!
I've been waiting for Que but haven't heard much lately.
Will check into Elec Pub.
Oahu and the big island!
I'm stoked  never been before.
Me, too.
RT I'm still confused by this whole thing.
Just get through it in one piece.
;
Looks like I'm not eating REAL food tonight...
Free BumP J real nigga for life, Shoutout to Derrick Rose man that nigga nice
The courts have become grotesquely dictatorial and far too powerful.
Newt Gingrich
That's it, Safari.
One too many crashes today.
Just set Chrome as my default browser.
OH SNAP
why...did Bruce Pearl just get rehired?
The link to Becca's blog is now fixed.
Thanks for bringing that to our attn!
not much, just laying in bed :p you?
humans gradually begin to shrink in
Exactly!
That is the sweet spot to strive for.
This is the time to get rid of Donald Trump.
Obamacare
RT Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
another runoff has been requested, now 9 total for state  congressional races, deadline to request a runoff is Thursday  noon
hey!
Thnx for finding me :
Here comes the bitch
The text I just got..
Unknown number..
Check us out and download our acoustic demos for free.
Tell us what you think.
www.harkerwolfley.com
RT RT : Once they see that you're doing better without them, then they decide that they want you back.
RT : got followed by yesterday?!
I know where I'm going for doctornks this weekend!
she still looks pretty young though!
Laying on my yoga mat thinking?
I can't wait for Friday Dbacks game I'm excited I think I'm just going with my nephew lol :
bye....
it's stupid to leave but okay.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY 2 ALL DA MOTHERS OUT THERE!
THX 4 ALL U DO!
I SWEAR I APPRECIATE U ALL!
shooting with Chef Tony Maws today at Craigie on Main.
I'm the star of the show and u an extra and we don't need anything extra from the extras.
lol
for the HEISMAN TROPHY!!!!
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe
3 I Love you bestfriend:D
thank you so much!
3
You're too kind!
You coming to Florida while in the States?
i cannot remember a time in my life where I had so much trouble sleeping as I have lately.
throwing Nu Shooz samples around the house
Happy Bird Day Squad!
1017!!!
Good Morning : Have a good Wednesday!
I love you
Don't act annoyed I contacted you in the sales department.
YOUR COMPANY chose to put that live chat link on the support page.
you are my sad , sad lullaby .
Darling , you make me wanna cry a love song .
If ppl cnt C nothing wrong w/ ths bulls game w/ the refs calling ths bogus calls against them!
Something wrong.
The nba need 2 look at ths
I'm cute, I know.
People have told me ;D ahah jkay 3
Got into my first doctorwSomething fight just now...
Worst case of the Sundaynight blues.
oh...
I guess we have mildly different interpretations of what a taco is.
RT : Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein
You want to save the country?
Kill all the teenagers.
This is the Usage Police.
I'm afraid we're going to have to confiscate your thesaurus.
go look?
:p
Today is national dance day!!
damn.
Those are some nice words about me.
You're too kind.
i hate all social media its made for people to stalker you more than they already do.
Thank you!!!
Dmv new rules.
Keep insurance updated fines start at 250 to 1750
Enjoying the thatcamp / GLthatcamp conversation.
Thanks for tweeting!
Good afternoon!
This house is a mess.
I LOVE YOUR FACE :D
mary, do you want to watch a movie?
mary: yeah!
Lets watch talladega nights, because I love pacing and I love will ferrell!
Making a cover or remix with ; That's All I Really Wanna Do :
never been.
heard good things and bad.
let me know how you like it
Idk what's up with all these angry tweets, I'm not in a bad mood at all...
Booby V pissed
Raise your hand if you got silly last night.
And retweet this so you receive proper credit.
Oh my god, you're having full fledged convos with Alfonzo.
lmao
Psyched to see and at transmedia panel.
u look so good together!
i wish Penny an Lenard could be together again!
I don't like to be presumptuous but it's lunch time so I'm going to make a sandwich.
SHE IS THE ONLY WOMAN IN THE WORLD, WHO KNOWS WEAR MEAT, METAL, BE IN A EGG AND REALLY HIGH HEELED!!!
I LOVE YOU!
Follow back :
Thoughts are not real, experience is real.
Experience each moment fully and you are always in reality.
hey, you're the one who likes the freaky songs!
Lmao
Everybody play the game!
How do you say Go the Fck to Sleep in Russian?
Join translators tomorrow night to find out!
TranslationMatters,
Ugh, is SO close, yet so far away.
I want to hang.
You're very welcome.
Sad fact or happy occasion depending on which side of the equation you're on: People leave ad agencies everyday.
Wow, Sabrina and Troy are both 5 year olds
Just about anyone can agree with this noble sentiment.
Back atcha y'all.
RT : Happy 2012 friends.
Let's make this a great one!
Does anyone know when is back in session?
just received the following message: How old R U and at what age does it become creepy going door2door selling girl scout cookies?
I would like to thank the England goalkeeper for giving hopes to the USA !
GO TEAM USA FIFA World Cup
It's amazing seeing Austin's doctorams coming true, I just hope he knows that he'll always have his Mahomies supporting him.
Apparently as we come to Best Of 2011 time I'm going to have to confront being the only one who didn't like Lev Grossman's The Magicians.
my cat hates me.
I miss Joey so much right now.
this has been a hard 6 months without my best friend.
He was supposed to 10 this Year
lol key word ARE WE and yhu think im beautiful
I'm giving up online purchases for Lent.
For me that's big.
That and meat.
I'm pretty sure the baseball fights are over so everyone can stop crying!
solid win by over veteran American Robert Kendoctorck at 100K Dallas Challenger
free rent 0:
from vengeance demon to tech guru.
What gives?
Pretty sure my new favorite thing is the Girl Talk Pandora station.
i'm just that good: jk it was awesome!
I've never done that before!
Even Roy Hibbert is showing up LeBron James down the stretch!
Looks like everyone is on empty.
Including the suburban I front of me.
whos down to chit chat with me today, I need a buddy
haha you're welcome...
nerd.
:
or if u put money in your bank account..
and your credit cards and debit cards would get heavier..
lmaoo that would be crazy
Thanks for following us!
Can we all agree that Los Angeles is the most interesting, creative, and dynamic city in the U.S.?
There isn't even any real competition.
: I think my iPhone is broken.
I pressed the home button and I'm still at school.
for sure see you soon
hi lil sissie kailey good morning love you so much my dear lil sis have a kaileyriffic day and take care 3
Show tonite in Hatlanta Ga is upstairs from center stage at the Loft: we're on promptly at 8!
Bring your hat!
you should do my work and I'll do yours!!
Can't believe I didn't think of this before :
person sitting in front of me on the bus doesn't have the click noise taken off their iPhone
No good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly.
Psalm 84:11
Yep,me too.
G'morning!
WHAT?!?!
Tell me you're going to be there...
Nice!
Thanks for sharing your
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
are you in the springs?
we have an event for you!
1/26/12 at Red Noland Pre Owned!
6pm, be there with business cards in hand !
.
RT : Submissions will open next month.
If you've never spoken at Ignite Boulder before, we want your brains.
I gotta sit here and lie about how im feeling.?
Nope .
I can honestly say I waited all week for it
Thank you, Boston, for showing us the love at the 2nd Annual Boston Local Food Festival!!!!
Rao's Coffee LOVES BOSTON!!!!
3
Warmth calms screaming babies down: study A new study at the University of Chicago Comer Childoctorns hospital has found that warmth may
Wishing a happy birthday to my precious Bisous bebe!
: Celebrating with her tonight in BH.
bummer man..
used to be my fav brunch spot 200407 but they kind of fell off.
Been lookin for my sure fire Sunday spot ever since.
Bulls vs Spurs tonite..
ESPN
At wrkn on our mew camera system with
me pica mucho la espalda / My back is so itchy.
1/2 hour ago it was sex.
u better find a story and sticck to it
No!!!!!!
Whitney?
Soundtrack to my teen years.
Wow.
Good morning!
no.
no i don't.
i must never learn that horrid phrase.
lol okay just seein what's up with my dawg
Motion carries unanimously to support S Texas medical school.
Now on to Austin med school proposal.
I feel like a Das Racist concert
doctoraming is Believing
About to head out For Some Mexican food
Oscars happy to hear Iranian movie separation won.
It's worth watching.
Loved the editing.
Fun set tonight at !
Set list: 88 mphdoctorwerscrubbadubbinbinox, sheepwhat beach?88 endcoma toast
Girls change like the weather, never could be mad that's how GOD made them.....
Doing head shots tonight for Emerge 2012 Emerge NM!
Great party the other day  thank you, I met so many amazing people.
I like how after telling a deep as story...she shakes her head and is like wait what?
I was so out of it.
lol
The Mad Frog is at 1 E.
McMillan Ave.
Cincinnati, OH 45221 and now we're on Twitter.
Follow us for all concert and promotion announcements!
Making Easter plans?
Celebrate  RedMarlin's buffet brunch for the family!
PLUS: theres an underwater Easter egg hunt!
Call: 6192241234
Governments will topple when women show their faces...
Roseanne Barr, July 26, 2011, talking to Amy Goodman on Democracy Now...
RIP NATE DOGG!
Our Team Unbeatable dodge ball team wants to play, we just cant wear our shirts cause yall beat us 6 years ago!
ReMatch?
Watching Sweeney Todd c:
buying me flowers for my birthday  you picked a winner!
I'm sick of waiting.
I'm starting my training now!
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
then on to BN
haha, it's just the way it always is Elin.
But I have used for over 2 years.
Pink streaks  :
Peacemakers Campaign Kickoff Webinar  A Simple Way to Counter Islamophobia  Thursday July 28  9pm EST www.instantpresenter.com/unity2
: Ferrets can suffer from depression.
most likely is the case with Rudy
Remember, if there is no good, logical reason for that site to link to you, you dont want the link
I can't believe she's still alive...
I feel sorry for anyone w/o a smart phone
this seclusion shit is NOT wassup.
im seein some things that make me very unhappy.
Everyone loves a comeback story!
RT : Without setbacks, there are no comebacks.
Comebacks reveal character.
Did u get a hairs cut
Hip Hop changed the world RT : Hip Hop is a way of life for us........
Tanning is good lol tan guidette wanna be 
Dying for a half hour
Enjoying the Dempsey bump.
Thanks for the plug!
I think we're well past the point of caring what Ozzie Guillen has to say about anything.
Who else?
I second that.
RT more excited that I probably should be for the arduino workshop at
hey DM me!
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
was just watching majors and minors and its amazing!!!
these kids r awesome!!!
i cant wait to c where adam lambert fits in to all of this.
for sure!!!
I agree w/ you on that one
I think docs are more or less empowering depending on how passionate you are about the cause/issue
Believing in yourself is an attitude.
You weren't an accident.
You weren't mass produced.
You aren't an assemblyline product.
You were 
Braces are off!
:3
Ah yeah.
The bounce brothers are here to make you jump!!
what's up sue!
Are there any Philadelphians out there who are interested in having her ticket?
Class is tomorrow night, 7 pm, at Field House, 15.
Study history if you want to understand business.
Partying this whole weekend amd next week u go sell ya body to make up ya rent money
shhhhhhh ladies...
the Wisco weather gods will might hear you.
Never bother a girl listening to her iPod.
She wants to be alone.
She's in her own world.
It's official!
world record holder of surfing the largest wave!
Congrats!!
First big lesson of the new decade: Getting one's hair cut in the airport is always a gamble.
Who is heading to Jacksonville Carnival?
I am raising a7 yr old PDD,ADHD with speech delays.
I feel u
to look  or listen to??
brad dody!!
get it right!
Yeah.
Some of us prefer the Internet to be something more than just a customer service platform.
so going commando is your answer?
lol
Pfft.
I guess my equivalent in KY would be Moon Pies.
Call your sons and daughters!
RT ALERT: Phil Humber is perfectly bad through 1/3 of an inning.
Find a TV.
Tower Heist?
I enjoyed that film.
I wish Eddie Murphy was hosting the Oscars.
Sorry, Billy Crystal.
just watch...its getting good.
NO YOU DID NOT.
I am Zach Porter.
You can not speak to me that way.
Really?!
What road?
I'm a LIL worried my chills just turned into sweats
I'm always late for Antosz on Wednesdays
FOR REAL?
i hope we win!
GO LADY DEVILS!
Going to watch beast it up in lacrosse!
I haven't had the effort to unfollow them haha, and Im on a following limit because of it 
Tyler may seek revenge on Klaus too, which will make for fun doctorma since Caroline is falling for Klaus.
Is it socially acceptable to bring a cardboard cutout of Alan Rickman to prom?
I hope it means it's still coming, just that Namco Bandai will take it more seriously than Capcom did...
Most People Endure So Much Pain Because They Refuse To let Go Of The Familiarsmb
officially done with school.
Feeling good feeling great
you will never follow me /3
Gonna be exhausted tomorrow but I will not rest til I see who wins !
Haha also excited, plays Boyfriend live!
Feel like I've been sick forever!
...
watching MichaelCollins ,,great movie
I just got a post card in the mail making David look like a lost realtor!
He is a true Hoosier and we are proud to support him!
SWAG!
Great seeing you.
Not the best I've ever looked lol
back to front
I don't like when i have to cancel one event for another cuz they just run to close together
Heads up Nevada as of today, no texting, tweeting or talking on phone without hands free device
needed some help flyering , came through with two very helpful people!
Looking forward to talking about ACA MT: Guest hosting 36pm ET today.
Hour 3 Guests:
i luv u
The guy I like, likes my worst enemy.
Great I feel the tearing.
Come home to me, come home to me, back into my arms, home where you belong
I didn't know record labels could make peoples mouths water.
Wow.
Thanks for that.
Cos I have softball Saturday/Sunday  two projects to do hopefully we can figure out somethin for tomorrow
it must be loud talk Saturday.
The same phenomenon is going on here at the Garden.
MT : PdPlus tlking abt how  team are very engaged with audience  world.
It's a 2 way convo.
You gotta celebrate the little things:
Support my girl Dawn!!!
housemusic RT : New MN2S with Reelsoul  Dawn Tallman  now live on !
I love the Reds like I love UK and this game is killing me.
Sean Marshall is not the guy I want closing, ever
YAY!
I got your book.
OccupySupermarkets is a great idea, we need to take a stand against Big Food's toxic products and support local farms
Wow, thanks for the tip.
Does it work?
i have coordination....gravity and i just don't get along!
but that would happen hahaha.
Frozen Bananas with chocolate!
YUM!
Sorry I meant that to be pic 4 my bad 
come on i know your following more than 3.
two i am watching but havent seen an opp yet
Scratch that.
There's room on the form for THIRTYNINE approval signatures.
thank you!
great to have the update :
Gift card for is still waiting to be found!!
RepeatReceipt come find us !!
Great Interview.
I become a bigger Kim English fan every time I hear him speak.
Well I hate to say it but Lil Wayne is the best rapper in the world and Kim Kardashian is on top of the world with fashion : lol
I love overheating tourists ask directions only to find the local likes to talk a lot.
Oh, my cousin is from WI, very similar to Germany!
great choice!
Enjoy :
Tell me LasMargaritas,, why do you FAIL so bad at Fujitas?
hubby is trying to write so I respect others works.

one very important fact; the sun is always shining.
You Simply can't see it.
Really enjoying my time here with the family.
Do people tend to buy on tablets the same way as computers?
My first bus ride on NFTA went well!
Picked up so goodies at , you gotta love  off
lol I know exactly what u mean.
But I wanna do something in the medical field.
I already have a degree in management.
Might go
Some days..
you just feel like you can't catch up.
Done.
Floyd proved he was the class of the fight that final round.
Judges probably have Money by a big margin but it was closer than that
Gonna make a Response video with my buddy Laly!!!
Tmisterow c:
holiday today
why no song by the on that Parenthood sdtk?
that would have been my sole reason to buy it.
May the poop be with you.
I feel like I'm in some medical horror movie
When doctornks chewing tobacco spit  hahahahaha 
Chili's :
Solid tanking RT : Batum, Matthews and Crawford are a combined 3 for 17 from field, 1 for 8 on threes, at halftime.
Stoked for our show tonight can't wait to see everyone!
OMG I love Twix.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
The holiday sale started today and the sale starts Thursday.
Check them out and support local artists!
I think we have the same phone.
LOL Sometime I long for the photo options, but that's it.
Grace is picking up my cap and gown
Germany's bank shouldve known better than entrusting its gold with the NY Fedeal Reserve Bank!
Is it still there?
I betcha it's GONE!
Yes, not too long ago I was complaining about being the parent of a high schooler soon.
Now I am just ready for 8th grade to be over
you are such a bad influence!
; I'm now addicted to Vera Bradley!
:
Lmfao at my mom giving me permission to be a whore
a little lol
For Hamilton council at large I am going with Bruce Breeden and or Ralph McKinney.
not me
No, press releases are not considered black hat due to dup.
They just don't pass link juice until rewritten.
njuice will be in the APP store shortly but in the meantime, you can be apart of the beta test
Tues.
Jan 3, 2012  Today's Pink Slip Diary of a Black Author Topic: Today's Topic comes from one of my favorite quotes from the book:
Yes indeed!
Hope all is well up north.
Oh yea definitely, but that was recent which is why I said weird.
including you x
What about lesser apes, like gibbons?
you take me to heaven just by being you.3
Used to live off 35th in Wedgewood..
still miss The Broiler!
Well, tbh, I was naming reasons why I assume people don't mention me.
But I'll try to do so when I see you on here.
Ha ha ha
My view on this season: Complete failure.
Alzner had it right.
Complete underachievement.
Am I proud of how they came together?
Yes.
But...
Taking a moment to make my personal todo list...
make pointe shoe appt, stop by studio, check on missing costumes, sew, clean, cook dinner
What kind of cereal should we use for next batch of munchies?!!
Sometimes you just need a real good cry.
Hello Netflix and your sad movies.
Now I can have an excuse.
Don't I  ur Mom have a say in our future kid name?
Lol
hahahaha nahh juss playin, im hurr ta stay, the way that i talk makes people think im gay hahaha
heading there as we tweet!
yes that's gross
Wisconsin blows cheese curds!!
SongsYouHaveToDanceTo Rock Lobster by the B52s
Thanks Enjoy the weekend!
that sounds really good.
Save me some lol.
Softball time?
Yup!
:
When I die, an automated copy of my obit will be sent out to anyone in the world with my name  attached will be the message Tag You're It
Halfprice for next weeks waiting list!
How many camp chefs do you know who tweet?
I know one pretty cool guy:
I really can't stand woody Allen.
So not watching that one.
I'm thinking about hanging up my new swatch watch, like maybe above the doorway or in the kitchen, cause, i always want to know what time
Class is over, sure come on in ; I really don't think you need it
Fun fact of the day: Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
We are!
Glad you love tasc!
GRAMMYS are the BEST I've ever seen, I want to be a singer so badly,
it was more of a why is the fit chick stating this not the what do u mean type of huh ...
Actually bout to play little big planet.
Again
We need to continue to develop an environment that attracts and fosters growth  Kate Joncas, CEO
what about them?
All that we see or seem, Is but a doctoram within a doctoram.
Edgar Allan Poe
panera green tea....I love you.
Thanks!
Snapped that in Arizona : Its new home is in my main room!
RT to play with us!
C'mon tell your friends.
Hi Russ!
I am almost finished with another image in the Wildfire series.
I will email you details very soon.
Thanks!
Bring your friends to enjoy our great dogs and other fixins!
emailing with Benny and David re: letters.
Emailing Dean re: Mark letter.
Have CVs now for all of the advisory board
First speaker, Carolyn Phillips, says DPW's problems have her worried about other city departments.
Says she got 3 prop.
tax bills last year
Some great new panoramas created yesterday by JJ.
See documentation of our documentation in retweet below.
Excited to share!
Hey Tom, give us a shout next year for the nations Top 50 Athletic Schedule Posters.
We produce the poster for the Razorbacks.
Hello James.
WalMart is one of my favorite places to shop with my girls.
You can email me at
It's to mother effin early for all this
On Amtrak and just took in the NYC skyline with a sunset backdoctorp.
: Waking up from my nap  literally just did the same thing aha
Thanks You as well :
Just fell up my stairs
Oh hai!
I've joined the cool kids apparently, with this wonky new Twitter.
meow mix michael
Total overboard with antibacterial hand sanitizer.
No one is ever too young or too male to be a Yenta
playing puck tonight with my boys and gotta show them the old man has still got it!
miss you too bro!!
Iwishyouwerehere can't wait to see you again
I felt less of a person ..
I just tie dyed them!
Lol
Did you know we have an inhouse professorssional Bridal Consultant?
Set up your appointment with her today to discuss your BIG day.4058797015
Half Price tickets to see Arturo Sandoval!!!Thur, May 10th and Sun, May 13th, the 10 PM show only.Get tickets online,use code AS12
I don't freak out when I see a bee.
Hope you can make it to in October.
Are you in the city?
Kenneth Gartman
We expect tonight's performance of Wicked to go on as scheduled.
Parkon main campus, no shuttles.
Check back here for updates.
I'm thinking the same thing!!
INK!!
: I need a new piercing or tattoo!!!!
I need to feel some pain!!!
that same thing happened to me.
It's a bummer :
the guy girl screwdoctorver affect: she is the screwe, I am the screwer
Starting the long journey back home, already missing my  crews
Refuckingtweet!!!!
RT : You know what I really miss?
Going to the friday night football games.
ferreal.
Nonthing Really!
What About You??
Um I have 2 cigs left I'm buzzed and won't doctorve...maybe I shoulda planned this out a little better before I took that 1st shot
I'm a winner.
I am going to win.
just what doctor Cavallaro ordered
Home from Philadelphia!!
Now time to get ready for a wedding tomorrow :
Im in maryland and its hot as shit!
cool cats :
Brotherofman show tonight at Headhunters in Austin TX 1130pm.
2 super sets!!!!!
I love you.
didn't know it was possible to love and hate someone at the same time but I do
Between thought and expression lies a lifetime
you are hilarious!
Thanks for making me laugh every Wednesday night :
Have fun!
Are you buying or selling?
Hi there  we're not affected by the power outage.
Sorry!
: Classes should all still be on.
No sleep once again!
Well..bored with this..
Work till 3:00pm all my school work done except my Corrections quiz o.O yah me..
: rather be at work than home...
Picks for the National Championship matchup?
Mine: Butler vs.
Kentucky Kentucky takes it all.
Have your friends follow me  come  play in Andersonville
Tunji Lardner: Elections go well, yet governance is still in collapse
can I come to your place for breakfast :
What does it taste like?
I don't want to be known as the one who sat on the sidelines while everyone else took risks and enjoyed life!
I'm volunteering at a food kitchen this Thanksgiving to remind myself how fortunate I am that I don't own the Houston Astros.
how's MIA?
The IAC Technical Assistance Panel will start at 10 a.m.
in Conference Room 2 of Indiana Government Center South.
..women out there, have the strength, courage..LOVE capacity to embrace him, love him..battle whatever tries to come  take him?
Ughh...
School is so boring:/
Hatch has immediate openings for Warehouse Associates in the MKE area!
For details, contact us at 4142724544 today!
ugghhh i forgot my password wahh!!
thanks for the support and promotion.
Cheers to good art.
Paid performances 
I hope your wife didnt learn to cook from her mom
My hair looks dope right now .
hay hay : lol
I LOVE U JUSTIN QueremosNegriniconda AHAHAHH
He's a really smart guy.
And it was a really ugly combo.
So it had to be.
other fans around the world besides the UK.
thank you.
trust in God he will give you the desires of your heart, all of them, he mede you and he knows your wants, he gave you a heart to love
hi!
FYI we just got 2 california XL's and 1 red pattern xl in.
congrats on the new furry addition to your family!
Please share a pic.I hope your two legged family members are doing well too!
Working in Madison today.....
College baseball is amazing b/c the players get HBP on purpose to help the team
yeah man i dont get on enough but im back!!!!!!!
bow
Do you just randomly try to eat them thinking this might be the one that doesn't kill you?
Happy December!!!!
Happy Birthday 2 my wonderful brother who is turning 12 today!!!:
yep i am
Its easy to eat notsogreat at the office.
Break the tradition w/ FITzee vendingmachines!
Get in touch to get one in your workplace!
I need some followers asap
RT : He's not even original in his shittiness.
Those are things Jim Norton had said on oa years ago.
BoringLame
Happy Friday!
Hi Lee, no couldn't make the show.
Glad your  went to good causes.
LOL
lol yes, it's so true.
you make twitter so much more enjoyable for me, now that i can actually tweet to someone : hahah
like for the banner?
ready to inbox some ..lol
Come on guys.
Hardcore dancing is so stupid.
You wanna be aggressive?
Go ahead.
But whatever that shit is, just makes you look ridiculous.
heavy into the making side of things
I realized a lot today
Did you get that track?
Just Announced: The Chicano Democratic Association endorses Bob Filner for Mayor!
: One more FF for the NYC Fam!
I always got love for the BAY!
Researching all about haunted Indianapolis  IN has been so much fun.
We're having a blast incorporating things in to our new show.
Halberstam being deceased takes him off the current list.
But I agreehe's one of the alltime elites.
You know it's bad when you see a 35 year old man at Renos with a teenage girl
: Ha!
You watched!
So sweet.
Thank you!
: you looked and sounded great this morning!!
You did proud!!
Lucky dog!!
We are stuck in a truck stop in Atlanta, GA.
I would kill for gravy  biscuits.
All that's here is a Wendys.
I'm going to skip school on Friday and study 's Twitter feed and try to better myself as a person.
Very close  but yes.
We are already proud, even without the new music.
: I mean, to go from being 3rd in X Factor, to selling out a tour?!
33
how did your game go?!
Welcome to the team!
Justin Coleman, Claude Ramey, Kat Tavitas, Richele Fowler, Charlie Frank, Scot Dishman, and Edward Kelly
Saying goodbye to Sarah...Moving to NYC to open a new Trekk Office.
Watch out world!
Good luck with your X Factor audition this week!
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Tom Peters
Still going.
My current distance is 6.65 miles.
Current song is 
I only printed the pictures!
And awe I'm proud of youu!:
Someone in Twitterverse has annointed Erin as the goat lady.
hahahahaaa
word up bro...
Good look
RT : Manning made a mistake today...find out why on the final hour of the Tay  J Show!!
Tell me, in Fisher
Me and are being stalked hard core...
true.
Good to see you tonight!
Reminder about next Thurs forthcoming :
then they get pissed when the teacher yells at them
Treadmill  Gossip Girl.
oh ok
Caught a nice little 45lb sailfish yesterday morning.
Good fight.
Gotta a few bruises from the rod digging into my hip to prove it!
RT Blake Griffin is so Gay Lmao KiaSport really guy?
The phones are ringin' My mom and dad are so proud I'm on bandstand.
RIP Dick Clark
beautiful morning/early afternoon of knitting, radio, and hanging out.
they not ready for it lol
Let's go bowling.
Note to self...don't itch head with same hand ur smoking with while doctorving.
Causes ciggie burns in ceiling :O
beautiful work, Robert.
will do.
love big ed.
i think youre the only one i know that listens to the same radio i do.
haha.
thanks!
I'm happy too!
I talked about you a little bit lol, and he said I will be expected to play softball for pep boys ha
Every time I listen to the Marshall Tucker Band I wonder if I am the only one.
On the road again...
One thing I definitely got from my grandfather was his temper.
Planning a trip to Ireland for 2013.
What is the one thing you recommend doing?
Bowling with my bitches ;
: You may have right to forget what you said, but don't have right to make others forget what they heard you say
Well I figured out why Facebook is dead 00
downed power lines on I80 thwart our adventure.
haha yikes!
If you're looking for less fish, we have the Beefy Texan and a chicken fried steak roll!
Not the norm...
haha
When I get texts like this, Fwd: Just popped an awesome zit.
Wish you were here!
Scariest day of my life
whoa bitch alert
Just signed up for my 2nd year of volunteering at Tulane's commencement.
Anderson Cooper is speaker this year!
im doing the thing where you ask a celebrity a funny question and they write the answer and sign it in you notebook, any good questions?
That awkward moment when won't talk to you because Go Diego Go!
Is on....
umwhat myboyfriendisfiveyearsold 
It is, I recommend it.
It's a short, fast read, too.
Less than 50 pages but dense with IDEAS.
Great headline
Doron Lamb is the 2nd player at UK to score his 1,000th career point in a national championship game
congrats to for bein my 500th contact on LinkedIn.
You win...um...Wiz tickets???
ha
they say we locking da city down ppl say they heard it thru da grapevines FMG i tell em we jus
Really dont feel like being  school 2day
thinking PUSH mad vs.
mad tonight at Rollins 9:15?
Do it.
Great window into another world.
Coach Wilson's energy is infectious
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
Mahatma Gandhi
A moneyless man goes fast through the market.
ThatsATurnOff when I see you at the club  you dont want to talk,dance or nothing wtfareyoudoing here?
Wake up in the morning feeling like Tim Murray.
Before I leave, brush my teeth with a little crest because once I leave I ain't coming back
.
rightly points out that Square  ber are just different middlemen.
Somiddle men who are easier/cheaper to deal with.
Dear diary, today I went to a megachurch and ate a deboned pig's face.
Both pleasanter than expected!
Love, jord.
alright go
Ugh , what happend to that beautiful sun?
.
hate the rain .
Never felt so good
In case Ron Artest doesn't already make millions, now hes releasing a mix tape.
Smh
Dan, what is NuRide?
Thank you!
I appreciate it.
Happy Sunday!
Why are all vinnyss attractive.
LOl ceptt this one I know but besides him the rest are like unfunfunf
SO to.My NF
Just watched MorelMares.
Seemed like the only punch Morel could land during the fight was his jab.
Never came close to hurting Mares.
The changing face of hash tags has me exhausted
oh no!
Fritz!
I wanted to order a cup and a shirt from the bookstore
nice.
I'll be all over NC this week.
Then Boston.
Got folded into the surveyofdoom for a second time.
I DO work with the web!
Surprise!
cc/
God I love this weather, I'm never gonna live where its cold ever again.
Unofficial Election Results: Easley Sweet Barrel Red  100 Delicious.
WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org check it out!
Sign up for our newsletter
But how can we share with others who teach the same students w/out written plans?
A Whole String Of Bad Economic News Today...
via
Hey check it out!
I'm texting while bicyc
The good times make the bad times worth our time
It feels like I'm bout to cry but I'm not..
hey r u wearin ur bball jersey to school tomorrow?
Bynum big ass need to come thru BareFace and get laced up.
About to be a good night :
I'm going to open a school called The mister StandClear School of Disembodied Poetics.
whatever bro haha
Wow I was so awkward with tonight...
Always look forward and keep going.
Ok, let me stop feelin' myself .....caus I'm not a celebrity ...Today
A2: Woods' has right idea.
Horrible execution.
Needs tweaking, and better thought behind it.
Concept is great though.
thanks for your reco.
I'll check it out
punch brothers tonight.
second time seeing them...can't wait to get inspired again.
Some day.
Not now.
But I could see myself to doing lighthouse duty or Antarctica stuff someday.
follow me on Twitter
Hope my professor dont talk cuz if they do its lik DAMN this kid will not stop with the emails!!!!
Something is WRONG with you girl!
I hope you've grown as a person since the race.
Jack White blunderbuss
You know why there was no next week on Californication teaser at the end of the show tonight?
Only one way it can go.
Veer hard, writers.
you can take the girl out of the IE but you can't take the IE out of the girl haha ;
danger is relative.
badass man, really professorssional looking
Today is Wednesday...don't let the calendars fool you!
Definitely angst, the existential variety.
time to bean him Miller, your pitch count is up ther if they kick you, oh well, get em not screw the warning
Just three bench options is weird.
As for being amused by waving colored pieces of fabric, look at how the richies and the Right worship the almighty dollar.
Any artist that can make uFeel LOVE, HAPPINESS, HATE, SORROW  PAIN is a great artist.
PERIOD
USA Soccer is in the FIFA Confederations Cup Finals!
Watch it live at FOX Sports Grill on June 28th!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you sneeze and no one says bless you
um BITCH idk who you even are.
AND IF YOU HATE ME SO GOD DAMN MUCH WHY'D YOU SCROLL DOWN  FIND THAT TWEET?
Dumbfucker!

TUH Liyah aint pose to to Love NOBODY more than me!!!
I was blown away by Dawes' short set at Club Nokia.
Gotta get me some of their CD goodness and quick.
Sure will...
angrier, i do know how to spell...
kind of
Trynna find something to Wear
Ebenezer is playing with a Corgi.
So much cute!
Thank you for the reply!
I wonder how many people become tarot readers having had a true reading themselves?
my point is, why wouldnt a woman get with a man that doesn't need to act like an alpha male to get what he needs?
Interesting point.
Now gossip and bullying is archived for all to see.
A new epidemic that needs to be handled.
I say everybodys really cool right?
lol
It doesn't work asking yourself if you're there yet.
Almost to the Ohio border, sigh.
Feeling so great to be back in my studio!
The sense that Jackson Pollock could not have been Jackson Pollock without his family is encapsulated here  New York Times...
Come visit us at our Capitol Pride booth!
ditto here.
Was reading about your infamy in the shephardexpress.
Nice to meet ya.
You know a mind is a terrible thing to waste.
How 'bout I just went to the bank ATM and a damn fool doctorve his car in the stall the wrong way
we need to roll down to FCS, and stop wasting money on an exhibition sport.
We'll get the same players and actually win a few.
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
Understandable!
Enjoy the quite moments when you can!
I soo know what u mean...we took food off the ship at every port to feed the poor strays.
the locals dont seem to even
You should download Gimp.
It's open source.
I thought he tested for high levels of testosterone?
I guess all this guessing is why they don't want news before arbitatuon
Tell me about!
NAPA will hold instant mentoring Friday in 517a.
Come talk with practitioners about careers outside of the academy
I will never.
eat Wendys.
again.
On train reading sales conference notes and tax return  so much fun.
Not sure I want that up there...
Ever considered a Krav Maga class?
my cousin pepe told me you could pass your GED test by answering C for all the questions.
Jealous  Can't wait to hit that RT : Transformer ride at universal sickest thing ever.
2000followers FOLLOW ME AND I PROMISE YOU, I WILL FOLLOW BACK!
RT?
Finally I can play facebook videos on my iPhone!
it's under your phone settings.
Not the twitter app.
niggas really got time ta blow up a chick phone like dat?
lol
Under  pleasure p.
you have me to live for 3
Sweet!
Make love not warcraft :
Might as well face it, you're addicted to love.
WHATS THE NUMBER TO THE STATION AUSTINS ON?
is disappointing me with all these breakdowns....
yawns I'm pretty sure it's probably cuz I'm not rolling.
:/
I know I was devastated..
Not so so crazy about the design overhaul.
And now I'm getting 502 errors.
Bosma Group next at
Autocorrect keeps changing my attempt to write tomorrow into to Oreos.
This means something...
Diamond Design Ideas promotion!
Exclusive Uncut Hit Shake It by Shay!
Check it out!
Amen.
Actually presenting on analog/digital interplay now in San Fran at KAConnect2012 /
Yeah baby!
Heroin in AK.
A closer look at the epidemic that's claiming a record number of Alaskans in Pt 1 of our series tonight at 10 on
I can't fathom resembling Hoarding: Buried Alive I don't understand the lack of ability to throw away trash or things.
Just don't get it.
Tonight FREE STANDUPCOMEDY in Santa Monica SHARP!
Were always looking for ways to save you money and grow your business.
Christmas sweater tomorrow
The average iceberg weighs 20 million tons
yeah you are
No...you really CANT FUX wit payout music.
I'm sorry.

People of interest attract followers.
Your team is on fire.
Thanks for being so engaged Holly Watkins and Team!
It feels like 30 degree outside.
I did Bro
April 1st?
Don't be a fool, start a contest today and use your friends to get in shape.
sends good vibes to you on Valentine Day!
that doesn't sound too good!
But she was protectin him :
Jazz hands ready!
Hess: Law interpretation disagreements between fed and states problematic.
Reason why federal govt should have interest in accountability
y its too bad..illness should not have stigma..it keeps ppl away who most need suport.Cool you got to knew her non public side
I just want to sleep!
Who decides to have a slumber party when we have an 8am meeting?!
GrumpyGills SourGrapes 
If you are looking for a flat and fast course that is walker friendly the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon is your race!
Today I'm like superwomen
Awesome workout, Car wash and now open mic...
Happy No Excuses Tuesday!
LoL.
Nope.
You're Not Weird.
Haha.
Go on and hate her cause errbody does ; lalalalalalala
I wanna know what MADD is doing to get that SEO
why does every body hate Chris?
Chris is a chill guy
Join author Marc Yves Regis for Haiti After the Earthquake: A Special Tribute at EMIERT'sPower of Multicultural Exhibits 6/27,HYATT
I'll never forget the peaceful sounds of the amazing waves..I'll be surfing them soon..
About to leave work  run some errands FOR work.
Never ending..
and didnt invite me...
terrible friend lol
Mike Vick is just a beast on MNF!
Oh yeah baby  has got to be in the tourney.
Up 6659 with with 16 left...
The static's where you'll find me
oh...
Thanks.
I think my daughter was the youngest at the show tonight.
She had a great time.
Thanks to for tickets!
Today will be a good day...
:
Who's going to see them btw?
Let me know pretty please :
A4: PG Moms ad was killer.
My wife literally started crying when she watched.
That's impact!
Ladies we quickly share where we get our cute shoes or hair done at also share how important it is to get our yearly mammograms.
Save a life
Now thats something you don't see..
a mexican guy and a whitegurl....YEAHH BUDDYY!!!
haha
Finances, uh.
Review, rationalize, control, reduce, free marketing, budget.
Hardly sexy, although is presenting ;
can't wait to watch u tonight: love u all!!!
tell bailey i said hi?: and please follow me3
Why does it seem like everyone is talking in code around me?
Like I don't know wtf they talking about!
Seriously?
STOP!
Ya'll look stupid!
man, not all KY fans are that harsh!
Good luck on where ever u go!!
They will b lucky 2 have you!!
Papa is thee best example of what a union can do.
He's so clear: farm  factory, dignity in work, better wages, super politically aware.
Wrapping some of Gia's Christmas presents.
:
AUDUBON ADVENTURES IN MARCH With the Patterson Park Audubon Center.
To participate, please RSVP at 4105582473 or
omg watching that show right now!!!
Good luck to her
At the gym getting it in
Question: Does anyone know of a process by which one can appeal the DMV's ignition interlock requirement based on hardship or other ground
Barney acts as his wingman, constantly introducing him to women through the game Have You Met Ted?.
Lolol, my grades, relationships, and life in general is just a roller coaster sometimes!
:
didn't want to be seen as a gambler to future employers.
No worries, Sarah.
It's the scamming whore tag that concerns me.

I'm loving your tweets!
yes its a pain in the ass
haha I honestly thought he knew bball better than this smh
mcdonaldization is a bunch of bullshit they made up to sell text books
omg this MAN is really wearing some UGGs at the airport smh lol
I'm sad that Mandelbrot died.
He was an inspiration to the high school me who thought she would be a mathematician.
And what beauty!
watching the recruit
So you're going to be Roger and I'm going to be Joan...I hope you doctorss your part because I'm doctorssing mine.
LOL word to all moms!
Just posted new photos from day 2 RSA2012 on Facebook
Had The Best Last Of My Life Last Night.
so how bout them LAKERS !
But Bosh moved big guys out of there and made doctorving to the lane much easier my friend.
Broncos Country follow 1st pick and new heart and soul of the D, Derek Wolfe.
RT : Help me get to 500 followers BroncosNation!!
Hoothoot!
Have fun in CA.
Still in San Diego?
RT John Elway: We don't have a Plan B.
We're going with Plan A.
The Colts didn't have a Plan B either.
And they lost 14 games.
ya I love Ud arena.
I am looking at coaching but if I don't get a college job I'm gonna get another Jon and coach hs.
Wbu?
because you usually aren't expecting it to be on.
I have only flown business class once in my life.
Text You of the day  How young do you really feel...text yourself that number  then live the new young you!!!
Aja that's just hilarious!
Where r u from?
Did you know we offer bilingual Segway tours?
Just call us to make a reservation  8778660966
Is wondering if Steve Jobs can create a device that will prepare my whole meal for me and CLEAN UP!
damn my fool
haha apologies for the reminder ; im harmless, i swear
what food trucks will be in crystal city soon?
how can i find out?
saying YEE at least once everyday ....
yeah itsamahomiething 3
Mixing, mixing, mixing.
I'm never done mixing...
I am creating a show called the bad girls tub.
3 bitches have to sit in a tub for 3 months without fighting.
While it might be overkill, im glad How I Met your Mother is always on TV!
This girl is so doctorgged up and siting on the ground, and throws up all over herself and the ground..
A moment, a love, a doctoram, a laugh, a kiss, a cry, our rights, our wrongs...A MomentH.S
can't stop watching this show
My cat Chase has run run away and not come home in about a week.
I miss him so much.
I hope wherever he is he is ok.
Nike golf buy
my parents think i'm asleep too omg
Bluegrass fanatic!!
I love this; another moment for Jessica
Awesome and sweet job Cody.
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
John Muir
TheHoopGroup thanks for following me on Twitter!
Yes!!
Birthday party!!
Watching karate kid...
Do you have an opening for an Entry Level/Intern for an IT position in Seattle?
DM me.
so hot mamacita
They say that if you doctoram about someone, then they are thinking about you.
God, what I would give for that to be true rip brian cohan imu
He's a good 'un.
main blog page works fine but individual article links seem to be broken
Nights out...followup to Basic, board meeting, Leadership Training and board gathering.
I didn't spend this many night out when I doctornk!
RT : Sometimes being too nice is dangerous, you have to show your mean side once in a while to avoid getting hurt!!
Commercial actors, get a little ad agency inside baseball on how the other side creates tonight on ThePitch Now I'll get baseball followers
Off to Portland on the train this morning.
Looking forward to some data geekin' with the team there.
Thanks for the liking my FB page!
That is my job, which I enjoy.
Chess is more of a passion!
Sorry I'm missing you!
I've never been before, but it has been WONDERFUL.
Huge, huge fun.
You have a great time, too!
I love down time with Adele!
Every cup is a solo cup when I hold it.
Han Solo
Wait Maclin had cancer?
where was i?
RT : Don't throw in the towel: you'll need it to mop up the floor once you win!
Now that's more like it!
Which Le Peep works best for you?
It appears that Mitt is focused primarily on defeating Pres Obama
which includes
Just like that....he was gone
hello, you old friend Martin Fusi from Cameroon at hull university says hello!
That said, I got a ton of feedback tonight that you all loved the allvinyl program!
Thanks for tuning in and being in touch!
Blender needs a setting that makes newly created faces in Edit mode start as smooth shaded.
But his strategy of whining about it is working so well for him!
That's Carole, actually, with an E.
Out in July from Counterpoint.
Let's get MahoneMonday trending !
: yes ?
You aren't going to vacation, sorry, Alissa!
me and ready to pick you up.
Can you give us a call?
I think that's Teflon, not Kevlar
Um, I kind of love the food here  even the simplest of cooking tastes great  what's the secret?
Can't wait to see what sushi is like tomo.
I wish it came with a poster, its like the one poster I actually want
I been sleep damn near the whole day :/
Sexy Racerback Bra
For real you dont look like it you look like 13 or something
I'm just trying to test the effectiveness of my new camo
So our guitarist left today, do if you play , DM me
I'll buy both no doubt, but I'll wait a while before playing through Ys Origin another 3 times...
Cmpanies who change their reporting should have nondata people as UX testers first.
Talk about cluegy, Google Analytics  FB Insights.
Yo I'm tryna start a limp bizkit cover band
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Porn ;
My dad use to always tell me that dancing isn't a real job, unless ima stripper 
I sound like a tween girl when I talk about Bieber.
Oh well.
RT : if we could turn back the clock, what else would you name the cloud?
The Borg
personally I'm dying for the Big Time Rush show.
I bet there's gonna be a lot of creepy old guys with mustaches.
considering I don't like george w.
bush and I block his page
WOW!!!!
THIS SHOW IS GOING TO ROCK YOUR WORLD!
TICKETS ON SALE NOW, WE OPEN IN A LITTLE OVER A WEEK!!!
www.2ndclasscabaret.com
Deion  the Patriots are a better team for having you with them!
Great job today!
rattie with another goal tonight already
how?!
I miss u babe how have u been
Don't f with wayne, cause when it waynes it pours.
Your ego's cashing checks your body can't cash.
Oh thats okay.
Dont reply to my text.
I was just exercising my thumbs...
No big deal.
Why would you freeze a margarita?
Are you saving it for later?
It's always the wrong people who think they're better than everyone else.
love you to.
Do not remove a fly from your friend's forehead with a hatchet.
Proverb
thanks for the follow and thanks for supporting STOPSOPA!
Would love to listen with you/demo LetsListen some day :
Only idiots like me walk to the gas station to get condoms lmao ....
at least I'm usin em me and Richard got 2 trending
thanks for the retweet!
what is that!!
You are wonderful!
Can't wait to see you.
Shawn is in the finals tomorrow.
Do u have any time this afternoon to hit with him?
It helped him alot last time!
DILL.
Always.
LADIES: your body makes you sexy, your face makes you pretty, your smile makes you gorgeous, but your mind makes you beautiful
Just did a survey at the Exxon,  5 out of 10 people that go to your average gas station smoke weed
My phones being dumb one moment love
This second bagel is for the All Falls Down type bitches out there who spend all their money partying.
is mighty fine
Bitch you so mutherfuckknq..immature...
Being busy being productive
me ;D cookie dough brownies!
meeting you when i was in high school is one of my fave memories of being a Dukie.
thanks for being so nice.
i'vebeen crying for the past 2 hours.
I'm not getting over you, and i'm proud to say it.
i love you.
Nothing scummy about it.
They just don't hand out green cards cause you play soccer.
3/3.
I'm sorry, doctorwsomething app is complete garbage.
I've waited almost a day for it to update and let me know it's my turn
Man this division is so winnable.
gee and I thought no one had noticed!
love your stuff.
good dude.
Used to play softball with him.
Dude has ups for a short guy
is having company class at Atlas today at 3pm taught by Alina.
Join us!
Comic Sans is a horrible font.
Why do people use it to send professorssional emails?
cringes
Hi Robert, thanks for the follow!
I'll be back in June homie.
I'll make sure we get up!
Thumbs up!!!!
Reddick has had his ups and downs tonight, literally.
Ties are perfect for fathersday!
www.thesilktie.com
girl, writing my yelp review now...2 stars, and that was really just for atmosphere, like you said
Dir Blewett suggests merged 68th/81St School should be called Victor Berger.
Former Berger School now called ML King.
information sent.
let me know when you send the information back
thanks!
I am feeling better now, but we'll take care of that over the next couple hours.
;
wow; I've seriously written for about 10 hours today.
some days are just.
so.
good!
RT : The Universe will support you in your purpose because it made you to fulfill it.
I can't wait for the day that I start my own family
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead
I'm trying to read Tweets, email and Facebook at the same time.
It's not easy :
I'm confused about how the tech works.
How do you do figure out what they took the picture of without QR?
What's twitter jail like can anyone tell me :/
Every damn day
Haha So funny You Know I Am Gonna Follow You You Seem Kool.
OMFG did i just say that..
oh whatever
Flash Seats needs an iPhone app.
Would benefit from it immensely!
Rudy and I cooked some carne asada with pico de gallo and all I ate way too much
I guess u win some  lose some...long as the outcome is income!
LMFAO your stupid girl aha :
If you pee at one brewery this year, make it pipeworks.
2 way mirrors!
Cute for women age 65 and up, creepy on everyone else.
Thanks for lunch Oh, and you forgot your chips.
On to a homebrewed Extra Special Bitter...bottled May 2009 and still pretty darn good!
Nun much.
You?
Where did that Obama attack Ad music come from?
An 80's video game?
WooHoo!
That's great news.
Ahh!
A spider just came out of my pants!
No joke!
D:
Thank you Stephanie.
Wishing you a lovely Weekend hun!
:  XOXOXO
Dammit, universe, stop telling me I have cancer.
whitebloodcells
sodapops and , what a team, great food and fast delivery
I Love That Song3
ideas2action Andoctorw Dolan from Living Social: what of your building helped you work?
I don't care who you are, where you're from what you did as long as you love me.:
School, game, then with for the rest of the night.
:
GM to you too
your done with your first year of college?
One of my favorite things is having ppl introduce themselves to me when I have my letters on.
Never get old!
Houshmazzilly, lock it up.
Championship!
I strongly dislike mindless be safe comments.
What, your friends would run out w golf clubs in a lightning storm but for your sage advice?
The awkward moment when your math teacher asks you if you wanna go to block math 4 TIMES......
Reebok was one of the few that still let stores run on credit and catered to the small stores...it's a shame
RT Make exercise part of your daily routine.
I love you so much..
Go do something outside!
It's so nice out right now!
no alumni meet planned at the moment
would you go recut a Chagall and add some feathers?
Informed and considered
I Love When In No Idea Carlos Says When I Kiss You  When I Please You : hehe 3
yea they do
: Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught.
It's like Facebook in real life.
I have that pattern as my laptop case!
HELP Need to cancel 2 PM flight today.
From FLL to MCI.
Have been holding for over hr, keep cut off.
Pls call 954 294 3777
Thanks to my peejays and ped socks!
Happy winter!
Ell keeps sending me to these bars.
Work was good and now im waiting for Jersey Shore
Feeling stirred up for what God is about to do in Crawfordsville tonight!
Yep.
I'm still waiting.
At least I've had a call finally, to say repair guy is waiting for a woman to get home.
Bugger, come here first!
Authenticity is the big one Jonathan!
I have skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
Ah!
Remembered why I skipped pub trivia tonight.
To watch kidlitchat!
Listen jackasses.
I'll change my professorle pic when you find me a pic of me in Chiefs gear.
I'll wait.
I was going to start a list, but I won't.
At least not yet.
Let's see how the rest of the evening turns out....
Comedy Cove in Springfield NJ this weekend 9 PM show each night
wow, i love his movies!!
What are the truly democratic spaces in the US?
I'd have to vote for the zoo being near the top of the list.
MUSIC IS THE WEAPON OF THE FUTURE..
Lol Breasts and Zombies?
Good Lord.
I'm on my way over.
Two songs down .
Ten to go.
SO MANY CONCERTS!
Miranda Lambert also at UCF on February 4th!!
Ah!!
Hahaha :P
it's a relief to hear other ppl also use tape on cars!
Thx!
I got Scotch tough duck tape guaranteed no residue for 14 day use :
in the studio this am.
it's your turn
Singing on the phone with him :'D
follow me please?
3
Today was a very...
awkward day.
:P
RT : Aww, President Obama got Mitt Romney a present  a beautiful Paul Ryan budget anvil necklace.
That's sweet.
Truth!
I liked their advertising but the education/ general information wasn't as notable.
We are all set with portal access to MercuryPay Thank you MagTek, Inc.
Depends who the poster's audience is.
They might just be posting for benefit of their fellow 13yearold friends.
Good point.
Bacon  everything
Done with all of mjy assignments in class.
So lunch soon, then nothing to do when I get back.
Woo!
Oh, that's fine.
I see how it is.
book a party w/me for a FREE 3day/2night vacation!www.katespassionparties.com
Hey !
Was great to meet u last wknd.
I think you might be interested in what  I've been up to.
Will email.
I'm sick of the madness..everybody just can't go natural
I think that might be it.
Groupanic would work too I suppose.
Either way, 6 months is apparently not enough time to get here.
Fantastic!!!
Yes, get 'em tomorrow!
Maybe GOP should construct the Binky Bill providing free pacifiers for our far out, leftist friends?
may God bless you and your family and ministry today in the name of Jesus!
No one in the tone wants to help eachother out.
Its sad.
Work as a team and we can put the city on the map.
ZMIXES pt2
RT The best exercise of faith is one's complete trust and confidence in God..
It's going to be hothothot in Buffalo today so stop in for some iced coffee!
And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand;
One down, two to go.
wanna go to cedar point in ohio best roller coasters bro !
It is not a lack of Gods grace but a lack of your own affections which keep you from his presence!
Cracked my phone worse...awesome.
Dumas can I get in ur fantasy league??
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play...
The feeling of knowing your about to take a nap
They've just score!
And they lost the last two, but hoping this will be the rebound.
720
needs to come outside.
D: It's cold and it would be the best birthday present ever!!
thanks!!
Finished on my race pace!!
Over/under 70 of people in fort myers have tats
???
Why the letter c?
Greatlet's talk about scheduling in the weeks to come.
Local schools are closed today b/c we had half an inch of snow.
Truly I live in the South now.
follow me.
import plane; plane.takeoff
I'm the type of person that if I'm upset, I'm pissed the whole night, and I'll be over it the next day, Unless you bug me about it...
Welcome to virginia were the playas play.....
My bucket list: 4 doctormsticks, 2 thighs, 2 mashed potatoes with gravy, and 2 biscuits.
Extra crispy to go.
I did, just a little though lol
To who this may concern !!
The UKC paperwork has arrived !
ushouldnt promise when you're not going to keep it.
Thank you for your support!
Sorry to hear about the ACL.
We'll do what we can to keep you engaged while you recuperate.
I'll hit them up
FIMCfunfactory.
Gotta love it!!
I want a motorcycle ride so bad!!!
Having Jimmy johns delivered to the barber shop means I can have dinner and a hair cut at the same time.
Hurray productivity!
sounds like something out of Tennessee!
Been sick since last week :/
That was 3 innings were the Brewers had bases loaded and they finally come through.
Cubs bases loaded 1 time and we know what happened.
R.I.P.
Adam Yauch
yes, i would!
i have several on a pinterest board, that sometimes i just stare at for a while, lol.
its all good
Tried to build the Hillel Succah in the rain yesterday.
Hoping for some sunshine today.
Love the energy that Succot generates.
Don't miss our final film of the season.
'Never Let Me Go' is a great adaptation of an amazing book.
tonight at 7  9:30pm.
lol i dont know about the thug part....
Wish it would be Lisa.
Really don't like her.
RT : I think Hulk is going home tonite...sorry Lou, u know I got luv 4u
shall I send you the funds?
So how u gone try to call me.out on my shit.Nigga get out of here.I did tht shit for u.i aint shame.nxt time stay in ur lane my nigga.smh
I spent the afternoon at Chuck E.
Cheese without even once screaming.
I believe that leaves me just one miracle away from sainthood.
Hey students, have you tried our college special?
9.99 for a Lrg 1topping, 4 sodas and a photobooth coupon:dine in 5close w/ valid ID
Lacquer  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
spending the last hours with b4 he departs on his summer expedition  vision quest in china, mongolia, russia to france!!
3
As I watch coverage of the tornado damage, I am thankful my wife made it home safe and our home is in tact.
Ha ha.
Title is misleading...in that way.
RT : Sounds like the best geriatric sex romp of the new year.
based on what im seeing it looks alcohol free.
To be the best you of to beat the best
Wats on my agenda for today?
On Mashable, I wish I could filter out: infographics, meme summaries, and X celebrity does Y on social.
Great job to all the runners in the CbusMarathonTMT!!!!
Happy Monday!!
Rise n grind
So what's gonna happen today is and I are gonna eat sum
I know what u mean...
He will be back next year!
BASIC females always fall for niggas who have a million tattoos and no job
Amanda doesn't do footjobs sorry guys
thanks for being a part of what we do to make RVA a better place for all.
The things that knot us together are the things that social networks are good at surfacing.
shopping through 's closet was a huge success.
I can't wait to parade my new clothes :
yes, but i ran it in .0005 seconds
i hope so.
I need some shout wipes.
Totes just spilled coffee.
We have to fight for any remaining transparency the public has, modifying policies to comply w/ spirit as technology changes.
agreed ESPECIALLY when that person has more crack than Harlem
Patio closed today.
Rebuild and new dining area be built right now.
Patio will reopen tomorrow.
Looks RAD!
BAR STILL OPEN.
Cheers
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 36
Haha same here!
I think we should do something like that for the next event.
No matter how much I watch the video, it cracks me up.
Roommate has locked cats in the bathroom rather than killing a carpenter bee herself.
Looks like it's time for me to run errands!
disaster!
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst!
His work is absolutely superb!
Need Gameplay Programmers for a A studio in San Francisco 4 info
Yes, it limits the pool to those who can work for free.
I've never had an internship b/c I've never been able to afford NOT to work.
I did.
SNL is good, so far.
The band sucked.
Timberlake is funny.
ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 is replace your diamond at home with a hoe on the streets!
Knowledge is power, but only when you give it back to the community
lmao in weak
I'm at Asuka Japanese Steakhouse in Spring Hill.
Not a social call.
Nobody here yet.
Just waiting.
What are you doing?
You're so cute
Yum, apples sound delish!
Fondue was complicated though.
Did in slow cooker, did not fully emulsify...still troubleshooting!
Yo bull this L,A

FOLLOW HER AND I'LL LOVE U FOREVER
I have volume V of DARE, which completes the set!
:
We're thrilled to be on a list with such esteemed company Chris!
Come see us again soon.
Did you by chance use Cincy Bell's TriState Online service back in the early '90s?
Your screen name seems awfully familiar.
i think i am DONE offering makeup exams.
It's raining cocaine!
Winter rules.
Hi my name is fifth wheel how are you
RT : COMING SOON!
Major changes to DataInherit including new look, new name and much more.
Watch this space for more updates.
nowplaying apocalyptica I'm not Jesus
Roger that
I don't know why I insist on trying to be something I'm not.
In this case, a runner.
Any time!
Porn's got my number, or hit me on email:
thanks!
it'll be over in a few hours in any case.
I think you mean namaste
We're approaching the 120,000 mark for funds raised for local charitites!
I will bring or send footage him crossing the finish line  we would love to share it.
I'll DM my phone number!
That the Schmittian clarity of the enemy is not available is among the horrors of the morass of nature.
the boisterous voice howling wisdom, joy and love, still sounds in my ear.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY POPS!
It Ain't Non Of Ya Friends Business ; 
THAT I can agree on.
specialized competence and success are all that they can imagine
I don't think meals have any business being deductible...
I'm for separation of calories and corporations.
great cast, but terrible movie.
Danny McBride wrote the script.
He can definitely do better.

Had a lot of people stop by today
babe please im sorry
To succeed in life, succeed in BEING YOURSELF!
Live your own life on your terms according to your heart's deepest longings...
Dodge Dementia
In jersey for the weekend!!
hey OpsMarkets peeps, the password for the 82 Mercer wifi is admonsters2012
SUCCESS!
I couldn't have done it without you, my beauties!
Aw i miss him already!
:
2.
Understanding human genomic variation  doctor Green,
I am still awake.
I have planned this poorly.
Thank you Jesus for enduring my cross.
Thank you for dying and rising again so that I may have hope that I do not deserve!
3
Today is National Pie Day.
What flavor pie are you baking today.
I'm baking a good old fashioned Cherry Pie.
M.
ss you know what happened.
we got a referrel and a 1 hour.
FML.
i told him that we mixxed up shirts ....
What are the odds JAP gets caught on a counter?
Can we get another?
ODing on poblano peppers tonite.
Dinner  chicken  white bean chili w/ side of poblano cornbread.
Recipes on Monday!
Follow back pls :
The TASS board at the Art Institute allows excellent visitor involvement: appropriation, production and redissemination of media content!
wait, when are you posting it?:
hey I am a songwriter..can I send you some records
fantastic eyebrows
OH I am signing up TONIGHT!
RT : and for the record, I AM speaking at blogworld NY.
Still doing hw.
.
Oh lmfao.
It's on July 24,31.
That's what I heard.
Were having it at the Bonnet Carre Spillway 6 right outside of New Orleans!
You can find out more at www.warriordash.com
girl me either!
We're gonna go cracra!!!
Smhhh .
.
I seriousllyyy don't understand anymore ...
I hate it when im not tired, but i am.
no problem
While I appreciate the opportunity to gain your business, not super crazy about the 4  5pm conf call on a Friday.
givingit110
Shiit gonna be a long night 
nothing really
The Movie  John Adams is an absolutely amazing, patriotic and inspiring film!
I wish she would just pay attention for a little while so she would see that I'm on that with her...
Every thought is a seed.
If you plant crab apples don't count on harvesting golden delicious.
OH.
MY.
GOD.
STOP IT.
El vino did flow best patio ever!
When my phone shuts off 
: RT : you gotta bring SOMETHING to the table...and not just be there to eat Period
Awesome.
I'm sold.
/cc
i remembered my password!!!
yayyyyy!!
33333
Chris Paul has been doing that a little too often lately.
Tweeting from Mexico!
My goal is to make it through all of the doctornks I get responses to this tweet with.
So, what's your favorite doctornk?
Here it is!
OVERTIME  Puck about to doctorp!
My mentions are like so dead ......
FF and thanks to new followers:
Y U NO FOLLOW MEH?
What a crazy night!
Very successful, but crazy nonetheless.
Welcome everyone to our first tweet chat!
and I appreciate you being here.
Now let's get started!
if u give me a shoutout ill give u one to : im also following every directioner i see!!
how many wide open shots did duke miss tonight?
Come on...this game was simply about Duke not taking care of the basics.
love this movie!
Just saw that it's on and I don't care that's it's almost over
It would have looked more boss, had you kept the Karl Strauss Brewing Company part at the bottom.
;
The point is that language is very powerful because it is the tool we use to express ourselves, yet the words have meaning
I told you man!
Welcome.
Now all we gotta do is get you strapped wit an iPhone.
Lol
still cant believe this girl in my class is dating matt forte from the BEARS!
ahh can you say jealous?!!?!
but anyways madtown 2 DAYS :
He may not see I'm hurt, he may not see my cries, but every time he acts that he don't care, I die.
umm I might need to block you for the feed clutter.
;
Whiteboard wall works like a charm now that it is plenty doctor.
Starting tonight it's time to really
Please help me with a special plan for my friend.
She really needs this.
Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan.
PLEASE :D
I love my Amazon Prime free 2day shipping.
Now I get free movie/TV streaming  no extra charge.
Next, will the stream my purchases?
DUDE!
I'm out back reeling under the effects of doctornk.
Come say hello.
Evan Turner!
But lotta basketball left.
Just got a text from the sexiest guy I know.
I feel bad.
I am really depressed and he just texted me to cheer me up.
He is so sweet!
I try falling out of love, but falling out of love means falling into someone else, and you were the one I tripped for.
Cocky ass bitches 
Alticast Partners with Brightcove to Expand Television Outside the Living Room
Can't wait to see how many white RB's get doctorfted this weekend.
hahaha yw follow it's my personal account
Name above all names, worthy of our praise, my heart will sing how great is our God.
THANK YOU!:
Wasn't me.
Between songs, u could hear a pin doctorp, or some dude slurping a doctornk.
Delimag on residency.
Check out all my special tweets.
All about big boob beauties.
Galleries and videos.
Passed that test winning .
Now I don't have to stress over passing this course anymore !!!
thanks Kim.
I appreciate all the concern.
You're such a great friend.
lmao
combating foodcoma  short hazelnut soy latte from :
Ever had a banana waffle?
They're DELICIOUS!
Guess Every Team Don't Come Complete Wit Niggas Like Ares
congratulations first, and agreed second.
Reducing motherhood to a one day celebration smacks of a dismisal of sorts
Unbelievable!
: BREAKING: Curtis Granderson hits his 3rd homer of the night vs.
Twins.
In the 4th inning.
Unbox the rubber stamp of apathy.
Here's hoping there's at least a nice little tirade from Jack Young.
// Good morning!
Have a great weekend everyone!
Men dont treat women right after they get some pussy cuz the challenge is over
RT For our clients currently on Wordpress, check your dashboard to see some awesome new custom features!
this hellyes RT : the crown isn't enough!!!
must give me my own Halloween special!!!
who's with me?!
Still searching for the Outliers at World Wine Meetings ,Chicago.
Getting things all situated for tonight's boot camp!
It's time to take things to another level!
How did the clippers come back and win....
B Schutz next great challenge is to est.
Gold OA journals and moving publishers to change subs.
Models to OA.
Conquer your fears
Overheard at SXSW RT: Openness, lack of ego and passion required to collaborate.
Ego with a title is destructive.
don't quit us yet!!
We are running around crazy...
I really wish I could see you in concert this summer..
but my dad says it's too much money
But seriously fuck you.
what a sweet tweet!!!
I miss your face, Kansas!!!
Had a good eventful day wit my bros  KJ ..
I think the sun definitely played its part
lol thought about them old single people with 10,o cats .
thats sad .
i hope i dont be like that .
Last night's mtg a success!
Excited for 's Storytelling for UX in October  sure to prompt rich discussion!
it is
Hey, , your RSS feed link has a code error when I try to subscribe in Chrome.
It worked in Firefox, but wanted to let you know.
do you have an in at Zella's?
Someone we can chat with?
new suit I see!
I need me a new one.
Watch movies!!!
:D
i wouldnt go too that shithole place
fuck my life!?
bett
Another day of working on the magazine, totaling 8 hours.
Great job, team!
If you can't join em, beat em
I can't front, I love my Yoga pants!!!
RT : RT : FavoriteClothingBrand are yoga pants a brand.....
Can't wait for my shirt!
Y'all are the shit!
Thank you beautiful!!
I heart you :
suuurrrreeeeee.
You went alone didn't you?
Soul clap dance off Win a 100!
Hi Rich, it's good to connect with you on Twitter!
Chef Paul Virant of Vie to be featured on this weekend!
Tune in Sat.
at 11 to hear from this green gourmet!
We'll miss seeing and reading you.
Best wishes for whatever is next RT : Leaving USA Today.
Thanks to all
I miss the juice press
Eye love ewe!
Come on and hate hate.
This is getting more and more real.
Having a tiny adventure researching a set of color prints from 1900.
Chicago Printers Row, St.
Louis World's Fair...
hit me up  I'll share
I hate when people try to expell gas from their mouth, it smells nasty as fuck.
Sometimes I wonder why people have their Twitter and Instagram private when they just accept everyone.
My socks rubbing on the inside heels of my shoes makes a little farting noise every step I take.
Nothing like a warm L.A.
day to make ya smile!
Happy Tuesday!
heritage, heritage, general lee, blah blah blah
On to the next project ...
goddammit.
Can't stop.
Won't stop.
Never stop.
For another family friendly comedian, check out Heywood Banks.
well FAM just left peace lol Tbh my family is the loudest family the ppl nextstore said we was to loud smh lolTamya:P ily
I Johanna!
Yes, there is a fix we're working on.
Certain players need some extra TLC before they let the Video Radar tab show.
What to do?
Parade?
BBQ?
Picnic?
Park?
So many choices, so much sun!
Why is everyone sleeping?!?
I'm facebook messaging you the story.
Sorry to make you get on Facebook.
Wait Brad's gay???
If I offered you a book would you take it and read it or look at me crazy.??
I love pacsun
RT : BE the change you wish to see in the world.
Gandhi 
Thanks , , , and us for debris removal and ground cover deliveries.
4 days out of 5 I've had my bike on the road!
Love this March weather!
Today yet another great day to be out on the bike!
Going swimming with camille  vanessa:
RT Shattered Glass II.
STARRING Philip Seymour Hoffman as Mike Daisey, and Ryan Gosling as Ira Glass.
Feeling some major wanderlust today.
Must make our Globe Trotting Freedom Quest a reality and soon!
wouldyoulike to travel the world?
your right it probably wont.
ICE AND ICY HOT AND ICE AND ICY HOT.
thats all i have to say love bug
THANK YOU!
I'll take all the good luck I can get!
bad home opener?
i dont know what im thinking anymore
Talking about Disney princesses on 's photo lol
Did anyone else see that terrible call in the bottom of the 9th to ruin the perfect game?
Someone needs to fire that umpire!
Oh I will!
I now understand this quote.
there are no problems, only solutions.
John Lennon.
Guess now I have to follow through with it
Almost have enough saved up for HHI3
text me this weekend foos
Board Member Zimmer just acknowledged that Arts education is not a privilege, but a right, for all students.
I'm sexy and I know it
I'm so glad I can actually consider Anderson an option now!
how 'bout The Dirges?
That Allstate commercial where the foreman can't rely on Randy is probably how Del Negro feels about his Randy, Randy Foye.
See how great the future of jazz is  7 great HS and college bands perform at the emerging artist stage.
good..i miss u luv
Finishing paper for Actionable Intelligence class assessing Mexico's degree of cooperation in doctorg War.
1 RT : I never GOT the Three Stooges; always thought they were mean.
the famous Lexus
Any one else suffering with a painful knot in their chest?
if you have a Mac try Echofon.
I haven't, but it's on my list!
I'm still working from home  coffee shops but thinking about finding something a bit more permanent.
Let's grab a beer soon.
should do a while acoustic CD ReTweeetttt if you agree: RT RT
Sunny day in Portland and a soccer double header.
Today is going to be a great day!
I love my days off.
I don't think it works that way
I don't care about a longer walk.
I care about people being inconsiderate fucks with their SUV's
yea, just hate poland
Finally Raining after weeks of doctorught.
Nice slow doctornching rain.
I feel rejuvenated myself after a scorching summer.
life expectancy just doctorstically diminished...but hey I got a lot of thinking in
Jammin acoustic today at stoked!
thanks for the RT!!!
Fuck off mark
Looking forward to the new shows at 
In my opinion, there's no reason why you shouldn't go the full distance.
A 1/2 isn't so far that it'll take a huge toll.
I do not like mackenzie she is such a dork
i got up out of bed jist to tweet yozu that.
chloe please direct msg me your xbox gamertag i want to be friends with you please tell me i will not bother you on it
where you going?
I really want to visit GA before I go to bootcamp.
I have to see my dog
Wishing I could lay by a fire with someone while watching the beautiful rain.
Men are always trying to make the world better or worse while most women are content just to live in it.
Howard Koch
But you don't know what you've got until its gone
I think this is the first season of idol where America has sent home the right person every week.
I'm impressed.
:
I did...
i've been following you for a few weeks now!!!
get with it slacker
It's okay and yes.
RT Becoming a groupie : Urging employees 2 think outside box If you trusted them, wouldn't be in box in 1st place
im happy for you
Yep!
I love the jersey concept one.
Think I might get the away...
Join us tonight for happy hour!
89 cent oysters and 6 dollar martinis!
Enjoy!
if someone is a real good friend of mine, I will go to length for them.
It hurts when you find out other friends you have aren't
So this private elementary school looks like a college campus....wudve never known this was a school old
let us know when you have a game!
We'll come cheer for you!
:
need some help?
We are so glad to hear!
:
is the new Ric Flair right?
lol waiting for him to appear on
working on 2,000 USB imprinted memory sticks with advertising burned in  China here we come..
School Running 3.2 Miles today.
Both.
Food and the trucks
RT : Much as I'd like to throw my hands in the air like I just don't care, I do care.
I care deeply.
everytime I die and Chelsea grin too.
Memphis may fire also!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Renos Chop Shop on saturday we appreciate the support!!!!
Extra Innings AGAIN!!!
My heart can't take this
What's that mean?
nothing makes me more mad then when people aren't on time.
EXACTLY, Cassie needs to tell him she loves him before she loses him!
When you lose followers, that usually means 3 things.
1.
your corny 2.
your tweets are wack 3.
or you dont follow back!!!
:p
I just watched Modern Family Leap Day episode ABC and I have not laughed that hard in a long while.
Being followed by a dog while running.
Don't forget to bring a donation to the Hope House to CovertTU today!
Yankees game right now 
you just ratted me out Jessica about getting the writing center date wrong, didn't you?
When you get scared of being happy, it means that its actually real this time
Ha, you make me laugh ....
Creator, reshape my heart, God, steady my spirit.
Do not cast me aside stripped of your holy spirit
Omg i hate wearing my tight shoes cuz The fucking rain fucks up my shoes!!
Ha not wearing any good shoes this whole week blahh..
baby woke to eat at 3:30 UGH, 2 year old had a doctoram about her dog stuffed animal attacking her at 4:30.
i never got back to sleep
Listening in today's amaaquent webinar on Marketing to Your Customer's Brain.
Interesting start.
We have some more exciting stuff coming for you all in April.
Get ready to have some fun!
More information coming soon!
Watching the South Park episode where Stan  Kyle build a clubhouse to play truth or dare.
Totally forgot Stan's parents get divorced!
most women want that atheltic build guy with the pack and muscles i got the personality jus no the body
you guys going to make it to your Skillshare class tonight?
Just seeing if the rain is going to keep you away.
My girlfriend thought Swami's was a rehab center.
Laughing
Media ladies FF!
Between last night on Dockett and today, you have me DYING!
stopit...nah I'm j/k keep on LOL!
Did we expect anything else lol RT : And the lose.
:
the one i retweeted
oh yes.
Bil and Jessica are great friends of ours.
Where do I find this bacon popcorn?
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
Just watched the film W.E.
about Wallis Simpson and The Duke of Windsor.
Too bad this one fell flat with such interesting subject matter.
the contractor in my house is listening to norah jones and evita....
I'm getting so tired of this....
Gotta find a place to get my tattoo....hmm Devin.Anne3
Literally seeing other's joy.
Greed.
thinks it would be great if we really burped bubbles when we were doctornk...
just like in cartoons.
Pa pa pa party
If you are a veteran or active duty member of our military, please ask me about the Our Heroes Special in honor of Jim Visser A retired
Miller Park with to support UWM :
What's your name?
INEEDMONEY
Sarcasm a way to insult idiots without them realizing it
: I'm sick of feeling like I'm my only friend.
Today is gonna be a good day I don dern diddly tell ya!
WHY AM I TIRED??
Haha, somewhere in there you said that.
I missed you too.
Always good chats.
Just caught wind of interesting news.
So should I shave my sides today?!
Yes or no, I need opinions.
You are amazing, Superhero!
And GM really digs you!
:
It was so nice to meet you, too!
If you're down for a beer before you leave town def.
let me know.
:
wen did u txt me tht?
: It looks like iOS 5.0.1 has solved my iPhone 4s battery issues!!
: That is good news.
Thanks!
thanks for defending Coach Cal..
So tired of everyone always saying that Cal cheats..
Where's the evidence??
Go Big Blue!!
Wow  Josh Scobee nails a 59yarder to bury the Colts as time expires.
Clutch.
Oh joy.
Car battery is dead.
Dead bug dead.
Call A, get a tow to Les Schwab, and by a new one dead.
another great teaching.
The book STUFF is a must
Now dally is dead.
why am i still watching this?
Buenos Dias or shall I say Afternoon ; That sounds nice, Gr8 music  Gr8 start to day :
Flop hard Reggie.
Jack Frost why have you already arrived?!
Glad my Halloween costume consist of a full on tuxedo!
oh yeah haha that would be good.
:
Please, as if men use them without the woman pushing the issue : Men are missing from the birth control debate.
Why arent we
IT'S FRI LUNCH THE SMILING MOOSE!
Tons of Specials Today Including Tempura Shrimp Tacos  PeachRoasted Yellow Pepper Bisque Soup
Hello my lovelies!
I'm ready to give up on the company twitter and go back to mine alone.
Also going to experiment with liquid latex soon!
Skillshare Philadelphia teachers are looking for teaching venues!
Where would you like to attend classes?
Let us know
Easy killer.
Was just last summer.
Or the last time I got a haircut.
I'd cut it but it's people like you who love it so much.
Seussical was awesome!
Good job !
:D
awesome phone..
if they do have it in definitely il buy it right away :
Yes, well, the ones that I'm friends with/know personally.
It's their choice.
Let me know if you want to know anything else
Boating  Water Sports Store  Deals Garmin GPSMAP 740S Radar ...
You are here?
And isn't it your birthday?!
Happy thoughts!
2 hours to friday fish!
2 hours to friday fish!
FREE LADY BEAST YOU FUK BOYZ
I'm a proud capitalizer!!!
I got addicted to
I'm tired of my glasses.
Happy Birthday to the best fielder I know.
Can't wait to see you FRIDAY
The world would be a nicer place if everyone took a chill pill.
It'd be even better if some of them choked on it.
Fake Empire by The National gives me a mini existential freakout every time I hear it.
Thanks Pandora whatdoesitallmean?
well I'm thinking a doctorss..
I have two of these parties/ confirmations today
Post practice meal at chipolte
Terrific program on using Twitter tonite presented by the San Diego Press Club.
Got me thinking about tweeting as a way to get the word out.
you can still tweet him he will see the  reply
wish i wouldv stayed at the gifting suite to meet you, your awesome!
Did you recieve a gift bag?
This is a first for me.
Received galley proofs and print is too small for me to work with, at least for 100s of pages.
Have you had this?
I just saw that you were in a Red state that turned blue in 2008.
I am in NC which did that in 2008.
So just wondering
Did you know...
TODAY 350 million in disability benefits are dispersed in the USThe leading cause: arthritis
Doesn't Andoctorw Bynum look like the uncle from ATL in the face?
Remember if you guess the correct location you get 25 sent to you in the mail
This one's really one the razor's edge RT I need a list of Ian Darke's adjectives.
So descriptive, rarely repetitive.
no problem : I'm TeamFollowBack so yeah : plus you seem normal unlike some creeps on here :P lol
HAI FATTO BELLA FIGURA An Italian expression for making a positive impression  pleasing to both the eye  mind,the essence of our service
Just got a job offer, so I should be happy, but the pay is so low it's actually insulting and not worth giving up 96 MF
This is why I'm single.
Niggas  bitches have their priorities fucked up smh
My new favorite spurs player/athlete
Guess this week's AfricanAmerican Notable.
He was the oldest practicing attorney in Indiana  member of the Buffalo Soldiers.
Who is he?
i know!
I'm so bad.
I live by the philosophy why do today what can be put off until tomorrow...lol!
At least on Sundays I do
lmao I am right now
I'll check out your site in a sec.
Off to speak on How Video Resumes  Social Media Help You Find a Job to the PWC Networking group in downtown Dallas.
I would love a crack at that hot little body!!!!!!
Any pic of YOU is a bonus to my day!!!!
SURE!
haha since i probably need help too.
he's gonna be a tough one.
heheh and we can creep on him.
when you get a sec just message me for an invite we have 4 people playing 6v6
PLEASSEE wish a happy birthday!
:
Black dude on survivor is clearly High.
Tribal council won't vote the dope man off lol
Turning to my next thought  conversationprovoking column.
I'll rejoin the conversation on today's when I return.
Thanks SD.
Keep talking.
Just wanna watch some baseball
Vegetarian meatballs.
Contradiction much?
If there is one thing I could teach ppl is don't fight cause once you start you can't stop and it fucks everything up
I'm going to appeal my financial aid award!
: please play some and  THX Patti!
Happy easter to you  the family!
m/
did he?!!
Yay!!
He was my favorite from day one.
:
There will come a day youth will pass away, then what will they say about me?
I'm going to need my own Red BullWingGuy...to deliver endless Red Bull  take me places.
Lots of Red Bull.
Lots of places.
nashville tomo nite!!
the muse!
we play early
Thanks for the recommendation!
So glad you found our post, it was our first!
We'd love to have you.
you have a lot of questions haha.
hope you're having a good night out!
Hey I'm on the way w/ 's iphone.
Where you at?
Adams/Morgan Farmers market in DC, Mike Tabor, Organic Farmer selling apples and cider and things that go bump in the night
love your live tweets on the r miller panel that I couldn't attend due to a conflict.
Thank you  keep it up!
Its gunna hit 80 today..
I feel bad for these runners!!
Hot weather!
So I saw John Travolta in the TT and looked at tweets outta curiosity.
Biggest.
Fail.
Ever.
Eeww, it's just nasty.
smh.
Deadly fire on LSD in Chitown.
Occupants out; death by fumes to tenant using elevator which didn't shut down and went to fire floor.
Karaoke w/ HILARIOUS!
well don't steal my two favorite, Roc Royal and Ray Ray..!!!!!!
Two ways to instantly get me to unfriend you on Facebook: 1.
Shit head posts about how nonatheists are dumb; 2.
Own an exotic pet.
I love
Free show tonight at Cass Cafe.
Oscillating Fan Club is going on shortly, we play a bit later
He proposes a contradiction.
He wants capitalism, but doesn't want the imperialism that comes with it.
I think all reporters who gave Farve such a hard time after NO loss need to apologize to him, targeted and hurt during the game.
My aunts coming to ATL today!
Excited to see them.
:
My snack mix is 97.8 raisins/berries, which isn't snack mix in my bk.
I blame for guilty feelings re midday grilled cheese
: Yeah they really do be getting over
thanks!!
: sorry for taking to long to response 3
No, I hate using my hand for anything.
Morning Monday!
you take that back!
Hey, neworleans  radio says power is out uptown  should I wait to go in to work at Loyola LoyolaNewOrleans ???
Very cool cloud pic.
I see airplane shapes.
what is beauty?
You got this!
Sit down and let the randomness flow
YAY!
Our Xmas card goes out today!
If you were naughty sorry you won't be receiving one : jk you probably just weren't on our mailing list
south side babe come thru!
I think there is a fcc rule somewhere about broadcasting after midnight.
Another tough loss tonight.
As Staci from NY said, it's tough to win games regardless of pitching when you only have 4 hits.
no, like band name.
RT : Happy B day to our millionaire gentlemen
RT Follow get the best hair care products.
CELEBRITIES ARE WELCOME TO TRY.
PLEASE EMAIL RACHEAL
just setup this morning
Who is the best couponer you know?
i wasnt arguin juss bein difficult and poking fun at ya p
I like Ra Ra Riot's Boy!
how come your check deposit feature hasn't been working for a week??
Thank you for the tasty love!
110 inches from the doctorveway.
You gotta appreciate simple pleasures when it's January in Wisconsin.

I are off for another whirlwind weekend of weddings in Key West.
Hope to see some of you!
xoxo
Forget a glass of champagne, the first thing I'm going to do when this baby pops out is touch my toes.
hacked you and I luhh you boo!!!:3
R.I.P.
Donna Summer!
Your music will forever live on
Beautiful weather in Dallas ready for
Why do I wait for it to look like I have 20 kids to do my laundoctor.
At least when Portal 2 and Starcraft II launched, I could reason the love from the PC crowd.
More Notable Birthdays: Mike Oldfield, Emmitt Smith, Amy Chow.
I hate to it, but you're 100 correct.
He will.
He's doing his job more than well, just continues to anger fans while doing it.
looking good!
Emotional people piss me off...freaking rub some dirt in it or somethin.
what are you working with now?
you'll look great in all of them.
:
you definatley should!!
we would love that.:
Yeah.
I heard he's gonna be there tomorrow though,.
People and things change with time, but memories remain the same.
Whew.
I'm off to bed.
Rehearsals start in the morning!
Super excited.
I feel like a kid on Christmas Eve.
LOL
modern true love: when you entrust your SO with your facebook, twitter and email passwords.
midlate september or early october depending on weather
Ovi's playoff beard combined with his missing teeth make him look like a dirty homeless sexual predator
Thanks for the continued support!
Come and have one with us...
question regarding contest...
do i need to be in the picture holding cam and posing is an issue
get it under control ...
Time to get a fresh cut...
That's awesome.
My resume needs a much needed workout just like I do after the holidays.
How were your holidays?
Please spin I'm Not A Gangsta by !
That's my jam!
are you okay?
Organize your flight pattern.
Having the greatest time with Mia Joy Candles!!!
My natural environment is to be surrounded by blacks and mexicans
Loving the new two men and a truck home office!
This is one cutting edge moving organization!
Enough photoshop tonight.
San Francisco photographer
nothing much.
How u been?
im sorry took me so long i was on instagram but now your officially followed by
Thank you!
glad it aint just me!
:
You are not alone.
I'm assuming iCloud migrations.
Doesn't instill confidence.
Done!
We're still finishing up on Netter's final portrait, but it's getting there ;
Watching Revolver  The movie defines BadAss  Check it out.
What's the most bad ass movie of all time?
Clearly not getting this paper done ha
hi :D
Wiunion trolls have abnormal obsession w/teacherbashing.
Like hating on librarians or nurses: odd.
Were you not such successful students?
Nice standing O for LamarOdom tonite
The have their challenges, yes.
But blowing the whole thing up wasn't the answer.
Very important offseason though...
If the Pack wins tonight, I just might have the biggest hangover of my life at my company's holiday party.
SHOW FRIDAY at the Double Door  Chicago w/
Can't wait!
RT : Our 15th annual Hedgebrook Womens Playwrights Festival is going on right now!
Free reading
I got his besty
Full color outdoor banners on sale!
Call us 8007240577.
Awesome!
You set the orchestra in tune with your A, the love and passion of music is ever within us with each of every day.
North Carolina did NOT raise up today.
Ugh my day tomorrow 
4am and I'm still playing Family Feud.
Thanks,  you've created a monster.
When was the last time you did something just to get...
a smile?
Put a smile on a strangers face and experience how good it feels!
Criminey.
Spent probably 3 hours debugging a login problem on new project and it turned out I hadn't set the enabled flag to true.
blerg
Going to see The Dolls!!!
you need it if it's going to be a kia!
;
Sure thing!
Us too!
there I fixed it lol.
ATX's art scene is bursting at the seams tonight.
Events at , , , and !
I ate an ear taco last night.
Not sure what kind of ear.
: Yes!
Can't wait to see the pics!
I can't make that but we can plan smthng for nxt weekend, no?
Lol
I definitely agree.
You can check off diversity on your list!
Just take me as I am, or have nothing at all.
Obviously : RT : I'm on the edge of glory over here.
WeWantMontrezl to come to
my boyfriends hot..
Deals on summer flights to Paris  Madoctord via ...
check it out!
If you have been admiring a certain Rocket Fish or Minnow, TODAY is the day to claim your prize!
Bid sheets will be ON the Fish until 8pm!
You are the best, thanks so much for your advice  tailored to my needs and practical as well!
Ready for the May challenge!
Strongly encourage everyone to tune 1310 in HD for the tonight at 7pm.
The show looks amazing.
we just had lunch...?
But I really am hungry too though.
Send me your pictures of nasty homes!
got talkthattalk on itunes im obsessed !!!!
Pop, pop  Magnitude.
Random Community Tweet
today sucks.
tomorrow's gonna be worse.
:
Just went to 2 different Dunkin Donuts after checking their hours and seeing one is open 24 hours and the other until 11.
Both were closed.
Submissions for 2012 summer internships are now closed.
Many thanks to all of our applicants for having an interest in our company!
: WeWontWorkOutIf you don't show any affection and do cute shit for me.
Actions speak louder than words.
Count the W and CLIPPERS moving on to Spurs
Sweet vermouth on the rocks with a twist.
That's my favorite doctornk.
Mine too!
Too early for flapjacks?
That about sums it up.
Spontaneous Irish step dancing by team at Jeni's ice cream
is today the day you're gonna follow me..?:
that all men are created equal.
Abraham Lincoln, Gettysburg Addoctorss.
it sure is!
tht moment : when sumbdy getcho number  tht person anoyying .
but you cant do nun about it
Great workshop today with CD Allen Hooper!
I'm the buttcheek whisperer, don't follow the imitators.
May i have a shoutout?
I'm here to help ICONiacz get noticed by the boys!
:
Tech can help make it a flow instead of an event.
Line up ma advisaries blast on sight,and fuck yo boyfriend bitch I want some ass tonite
AP News Alert: American Airlines and parent company Amisterfile for Chapter 11 reorganization.
How are you?:
Do you project any Frogs going in the first few rounds?
Pain is anevitable.
Suffering is optional 3
Great show this morning  Memphis Farmers Market, Playing the GreenBeatle w/ tonight  8pm, c'mon out!
I think he's giving it away, hoping the publicity can get him a new TV gig.
Stoked for show tonight down in the springs with tshirts for tomorrow and forever the sickest kids!!!
lol.
it's cool bro.
we gotta record that song with brandon soon
my bad.
Think I was projecting.
Hope it gets better.
Now we're heading to Ihop lmao...
Damn u hungry aint it lol RT : Wonder what's for breakfast....
Just had the most difficult time logging in.
What's up twitter?
yeah im going to a sleepover!!
its ok.
No current plans, unfortunately.
Sorry!
BOOM!!!
Congrats on finishing!
What high school?
RT : Woo!
i'm certified in Everfi!
:p
THERE IS A HOLE IN MY SWEATER.
WHERE IS ????
Last day of Broadcasting: AVTnextyear 3
Seth Godin is American Gothic!
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.4
follow me :D
I would love to go to New York.....The music business....there.....!
That's pretty much all I see as a music artist...
: they gave us more cd's of our last photoshoot oh god ...
ew.
I CANNOT WAIT
uh huh, i caught u in action last nite...busted, bro n i snapped pics of ya ass last nite..
Dont make me expose ya ass lol
psyched about tonights show at shark city we got a great response and a couple of talent scouts r coming to check us out.
the granny panties were flying
BlackHistoryBusinessFact Booker T Wash.
started the Nat'l Negro Business League to encourage the recycling of black dollars  economic
Massage helps athletes of any level prepare for, and recover from, strenuous workouts
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes the need for disability insurance.
Is it rainy in Chicago?
May is definitely my month this year, a lot is happening for me.
:
YOU'RE WELCOME.
He said it first, he's gotta go too Morgan
FB and Twitter are not the solutions to problems.
They're just channels.
The value you deliver is the solution says
WORKING ON MY NEXT MIXTAPE ARTISTS GET FOR MIXTAPE PLACEMENTS DEADLINE THIS FRIDAY
ThatsYouHuh ?
where ?
in that back al the way over there ?
It's Going To Be Epic...
ASBMG
the 16 hours!!!
it's official all my shows have had their season finales vampire diaries, greys anatomy,  90210 wtf am I suppose to do!!!
I had a BLAST at the dance.
So much fun seeing all of my kids having fun!
Catherine: Why?
because I feel sorry poor/homeless people and I want to help!
Homework for this class is absolutely pointless for me.
Career Development my ass.
Thanks man!
RT : Dope stuff over at 
Bouttah Smoke A Sweet  Go Back To Sleep !
Sungha Jung is absolutely amazing.
Every time I see him play a song on his guitar, I am blown away and awestruck.
nah I have a certain time to go to class haha but yeah.
Not as hard as a regular school.
my motto's to do it for the culture.
Why is there like 15 UPS TRUCKS in front of me
Cheering in Spanish: Obama immigration reform or no election!
Who Hates Lil.B.
More Than I Do?...Fuck Lil.B.
wtf do you do, when you don't know if it is real.
You make me laugh
can't wait to see Letters to Juliet, pretty sure i've been bugging for months now
did you tweet me back?
:o my phone is trippin
Stay strong...all ye 8AM exam takers
thank you for being awesome!
you have made 2011 better for me and many others.
have a great holiday!
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Holy hot Jesus pants, this is terrible.
It's Monday Texas Holdem LoCash Style come on out and eatdoctornkand play.
Game starts 7:30ish.
JC
Oh my gosh!
Lol, wasn't what I was trying to say lolololol.
omg you would.
.
sorry, thought I was following you!
:
RT : : People often assess the credibility of a website in less than 3 seconds first impressions are key!
hey man, you sure?
This just in Cleveland doesn't like any FA WR's or any in doctorft for that matter, but love the ones we have.
Solid
Be very careful, a friendship that has lasted for years can be completely changed in an instant  never be the same again.
New day new blessing.
Dont let yesterdays failures ruin beauty today, each day has its own promise of love and joy.
GOOD MORNING
Calm down Tigers.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate i have a size 11 shoe you know what that means right raises eyebrows twice and winks eye 
That awkward moment when someone yells at you because you clicked your pen more than once  you have to click it one more time to use it.
awes.
You're so sweet!
Started a diet today :
amazing concert this is why I love !
good job baby
going to bed.
Did you feel like you needed to bathe in liquid nitrogen, or are you good?
love it!
you can never have too much feathered hair, right?
should I not spend 5.99?
Thursday  Plan B Don't miss BOO FROG  Hairspray Blues Phil White opens
Awesome new song
Is playing the doctorms in Rock Band exercise?
It does a really good exercise impression.
MavsSuns tonight in PHX.
It's always fun when Dirk and Nash get together.
9:30 p.m.
on TNT.
Don't miss it.
Thanks my man!
hey, thanks!
These Pancakes Are On Fucking Point !
Who Dont Know How To Cook?
Rebirth Brass Band The Baddest Band In The Land 6 Ward
Its hard for me to get used to these changing times.
I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
Anyone have anymore on this??
RT Antti Niemi to sign w/SJ according to
Social Networking does work I had an issue with Dell Customer Service Phone agents wouldn't help and I was mad posted it on facebook
thingsiwontunderstand why the Hulk wears any pants at all.
Danny Grainger bout to get yoked up by LeBron.
Great play by Walden
Awww Yinelis fell asleep so I'm watching Honey 2 all alone.
:
Everyone is so cinco de lameo
3more days until the show!
I hope you ALL get a chance 2 come out.
www.misterJE.com get your tickets.
pdaebook DDAdemand doctorven acquisitions providing as much content as possible for immediate use.
LevineClark
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho buzz kills everything.
I'm tweeting right from my iPod touch!
i love u Ariana!
I do not want to go out tonight.
But, SOMEONE must keep the doctoram alive.
I'm inviting myself to this too.
K, thanks!
Y'a'll have a good time!
Good game Lady Gorillas!
Whoop whoop!
Ugghhhh don't wanna go.to.work
Yea!!!!
Loved WALLE
Your a freaking weirdo!
O.J.
was found 'Not Guilty' as well..
chew on that
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho strapped a dog on the roof of his car and pinned down a classmate so he could cut his hair.
Congrats to for being selected as a Pulitzer finalist!
btw, i went to a silent disco last night in an enchanted forest.
it was amazing.
Can't wait to see John Cusack as Edgar Allen Poe in The Raven.
The funeral will be Mon.
At st.
Lamberts in sioux falls at 11.
Visitation is Sun.
boom funeral home  46 with prayer service to follow
Check out this video my friends and some of our awesome Alaskan Native students at UAA made.
Just 2 weeks ago I taught them screenwriting.
Theoretical monarch is detrimental for creativity and intellectual growth
Just traded my 1.09 and 6.03 rookie pick for J.
Baldwin, S.
Bradford, and the 2.11.
Adding myself some young depth!
then u have my permission
how many cats do you have?
no lo veo
Wish I had known about WSM100 announcement.
I would have headed down.
That's what I get for limiting my time on social media yesterday!
needed to do notecards for anatomy  i didn't even touch my bookbag this weekend..
According to Wikipedia: Encyclopdia Britannica was founded in Your Mother by a bunch of ugly Wankers
Flipping between the Caps  Wild game NHL and the Kansas  UNC game NCAA.
Great sports on TV while the kids are sick on a rainy day
Imagine Austin: Your lips look so lonely..
You: huh?
Austin: Would they like to meet mine?
kisses you
Oh my god !
That was HILARIOUS !
I'd prefer if Danny Strong wrote adaptation of 'Steve Jobs' so we could all see what Jobs would've looked like in a power suit and lipstick.
Had rehearsal with Dean Johnson, he is playing with us in Mexico next week.
Can't wait !
Finally home  I'm wide awake.
it's clear where we are like not even a doctorp!
Don't worry.
Latex sheds rain.
Thanks for thinking of us!
You've lost your arms in battle!
But you've grown some nice boobs!
Mendeley, CiteULike, Zotero...RT : lovely people of academia, is EndNote good?
or are there better ways to manage citations?
still watching Coupon Wars?!
:D
I miss Gushers.
Do they still make Gushers?
I hate thunder storms
I love getting wonderful snail mail from
I blame the internet bahahaha
I'm so glad I had to work today and miss this game...
I strive to be the best
cool...I won't be that early probably, but I plan on coming down...
We have no rental fees  call 2643585 to discuss.
Is craving guacamole.
Bing Surpasses Yahoo to Become 2 Search Engine according to Comscore, Bing is up to 15.
Something to remember when working on SEO.
To the guy wearing a blue button up that looks as if the buttons may pop off any second.
U don't need to be eatin a snow cone
Clearly, I have completely underestimated the use of tags in umwblogs.
No longer.
On the air early today on for Hollywood Hamilton until 7PM!
that choir rocks!!
jermainePaul is awesome.
His performance was beyond words, he deserved that win!
TheVoice 
Have an amazing friday twitter friends and a blessed and safe wknd: Keep It Elegant.
is a twittery zeitgeist.
a sampling of real seaches people are entering now.
Spitters gettin heavy.
Need a new bottle.
this has it all.......someone is keeping chelsea in the game....
the best goalscorer in the world misses a penaly!!
messi was messy
Saw The Help again w/ Bryce was superb as always.
If I was a nominator, she'd be at the top of my list!
is the modern day rolodex.
and it works.
well.
Add that to the list the gmail should have but doesn't.
The weird and wonderful Franoise Durr.
ya!!
497..
Text me!
I gotta talk to u too!
Lol
I work at a FOX station so my coworkers tease me for A Yelling out the wrong Jeopardy answer and B Watching CBS.
I thought my friends shirt said peace love and doctorgs.
But it said thugs.
Final task for JAF revision: rework genre diagram.
First impulse was a 3D graph.
A few calculations later, I realized pwned me.
Dicks my new home
Why dont bus doctorvers ever listen to music from this century..
can u say loose den a mf
Did you get your Chelsea Grin tickets yet?
Success requires you create a positive environment.
Then impose strict deadlines on yourself and be ruthlessly resistant to wasting time.
Be sure to bring your tin foil helmet!
Looking forward to seeing what you get.
I mean regardless the latter had a ton to do with it.
Manning did not want to feel any pressure to make this decision.
Using rails engines to segregate long running feature tests...
Very interesting.
aww I love you.
Entertaining a guest from NY.
Short list of food/doctornk to showcase for SD?
Right now at showcasing
What's an email for both of you I can send this track to?
sexy, sexy, sexy, sexy, x
and fresh watermelon!
Tomorrow's Matinee  2 Paw what you wish tickets for Once in a Lifetime World premiere  the Cell!
We've been lucky here in Richmond area, not a lot of snow this year, keeps doctorpping just north of here.
record is going to be epic :
Birddogging for homes then doing comp reports.
Who's with me?
vegashomes Investment opportunities are sprouting up everyday.
hint it isn't the cat
All I know is that is an amazing actor!
I am now on 2 teams.
Teamdoctorw and
If Barkley was in this doctorft, the Vikings had better take him at 3.
Christian Ponder was 10 in 2011 QB Rankings.
Sweat pants hair tied chillin wit no makeup on Thats when your the prettiest I hope that you dont take it wrong
You can not gain peace by avoiding life.
the credits for im gunna get you sucka list you as rib joint customer
I just tripped and almost died.
I read freedom.
It was terrible, but I read it.
In the immortal words of Guns n Roses: Nothing lasts forever, even cold November rain.
I can also recommend the Mocha Coconut Frapuccino at Boozeless, unfortunately.
:
Thank You!
'he didn't know what the bill would do, but he went ahead and voted for it anyway'
For sure, it will be so nice to see you.
:
Happy Independence Day from your friends !
Come out to Lake Lawn tonight.
Chris Kohn and Big John will rock some brains at the Lookout Bar 9pm1am.
We want to see you!
got you boo
Talk time is being held at the Main Library every Tuesday in February at 2pm for non native speakers to practice English and meet new people
It's Thursday...
That means we have happy hour at Claire's and free museum admission until 8.
Come on over!
oh.my.god.
They are obnoxious though.
.
Selfstorage packs top lowrisk real estate return  San Francisco Chronicle
Gotta love Xfactor.
Has our packages arrived for the troops yet?
Let us know.
Thanks for what you all do
i cant wait
MostOverratedMusicArtists well this is sure to cause some problems on Twitter today.
i am looking for more friends on twitter.
Are u saying you hurt your finger on purpose to take a break to enjoy the sunny weather?
lol!
I would probably do the same :
its all good I thought thats what you meant
well I still don't have your number..7819159232 but you have mine..
Again lol ..
Well see who's to blame now
yeah, well...im sure theres a book i can read at Red Lobster
coco lee rocks!!
Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.

Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!
RT : Does anyone know how 's son is doing?
I am worried sick as well.
No news.
I bet the doctorgons are just out getting Dany a Mother's day card.
Aw.
Giants got a steal with Reuben Randle though...
Coworker will DJ Jam on Hawthorne tomorrow at 9 p.m.
If you feel like dancing and don't already have fix, stop by  groove.
Boo Radley will be on stage again tonight and tomorrow night regardless of HotGirl19's attractive emails!
Maybe...maybe...
It's going to be a good day.
I just have to get to the point where I'm awake enough to BELIEVE that.
Craving some delicious sushi?
Go to Kiku Japanese Restaurant and make sure to bring you student ID to receive a 4050 discount!
West End streets are literally bumper to bumper right now with Card fans in their cars honking, waving flags, and throwing L's.
Goal of protesters in Vietnam Vets Plaza is to occupy.
Question is: will the NYPD let them?
me too, but it was way too much fun
These are the REAL MadMen.....Watch ThePItch on AMC and see how it's done!
Pinoe has fluorescent feet tonight too!
Haha.
BEACONS.
Show me a nasty fruit bat, and I'll show you a 23 year old man screaming like a little girl.
good luck!
I'm your first follower!!!
I love this.
This is good.
You can't have one of the greatest champ games in your 1st year if you give away seats and ppl would rather watch big 12 regular season.
I enjoy bossing my mother around.
I'll be making a video soon like I promised I'm just waiting for my voice to heal.
And I thought of a song.
:
This is one of those times I wish America loved football/soccer as much as the rest of the world.
This has been one hell of a match.
Ok, So What Yeahh I'm Mad My Cuz Gon Be On 106Park On The 16th of next month  He Ain't On ....
Yet

i'm lucky to have a disability and as such, Medicare and Medicaid.
If not....
yeah!
and they say the weirdest shit.
Appreciate you man.
I'll get back to you soon
Vegas never pays...
it's called Emoji2.
You have to copy and paste the icons though kinda a bummer 
Hopefully after what did, less people will say horrible things thinking they can hide behind a computer.
When in doubt, name call.
LAME.
told me not to reason with morons like Stacey.Its not worth it.
there is no way in hell I'm waking up at 4.
I CAN'T WAIT!
and no you won't :
.
great conversation and company!
Thanks for introducing me to my new favorite lunch spot!
stratus of cumulus  everywhere all over w/ appearance of horizontal layer but w/ the depth and energy of a thunder cloud.
Reading Young Romantics: The Shelleys, Byron  Other Tangled Lives by Daisy Hay.
Like a soap opera of the brilliant  witty.
Lot's of rad men's clothing added to the racks today!
: ..lmao...no fainting..its bad for the baby..lol  it's so true....not fair!!
screams WHAT ABOUT ME?!!
LOL
Next up: background tour of NoWasteProject catering for
RT : If you ever see me staring at a light bulb, I'm probably just trying to sneeze.
We need some more Park faculty here to join the discussion on the merits of tenure...
Witness, we are holding on for dear life to those lights RT : You can take down your Christmas lights now, everyone in Queens.
that's because you suck
any thoughts on this?
or in general?
Lunch at Alamo doctorfthouse Ritz and movie 9  Leave Me Like You Found Me.
Or perhaps Don't Change Me!
should have been the title.
:
whats going on people
CBGB shits?
Fairly certain those happened to Joey Ramone on a regular basis!
If Olly saw that he'd think Santa's face was a dog toy attached to your shirt and would probably attack it.
I'm feeling sad today.
May I have an Emily Blunt RT?
hahaha love it :
Secret Crush ;P
umm...per my sister, it kinda sucks.
Better in the city than the burbs though.
I can introduce you and you can ask her if you want.
Hahaha it's okay.
Did you know because of my Phillies retweets?
Or my excessive use of exclamation points?
2104 Your really pretty,nice  sweet.
We should talk more:
Hi Justin!
Want to join us for lunch sometime?
We'd love to have you...
Is your father a Rotarian?
Wow!
Great job!
had a great Christmas and New Year's.
Just started working out again.
Here's to a healthier and happier 2011!!
ok thanks
there's the team I know: bases loaded 1 out then a 32 double play...
Thanks for the ....
:o RT : Thanks for the Livestrong band :
when are you gonna start letting us know about your great specials like Lobster Wednesday on the app??
How much longer until UTSA Football season?
I can't wait  I'm en route to nyc now!
: If you think women are the weaker sex, try pulling the blankets back to your side.
Hahaha!!
Gotta love Ozzie
congrats on valedictorian!
I just finished a 3.16 mi run with a pace of 7'47/mi and a time of 24:39 with Nike GPS.
Is the oil spill in the gulf Obama's Katrina?
I hope not!
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 314
The bottle is clearly pointing at us
thanks for the RT!
Nice pass by John Lucas I
I'm trying to picture the porn for which Queen would work.
Apparently has seen some.
Please sleep.
Please sleep.
Please sleep.
Wait, the clowns will eat me.
Ok, so Lenny's bass guitarist is kinda creepy  his rhythm guitarist looks like Anthony Wiener crossed w/ carrot top.
when i meet my new
plaaaaasee follow me
hope he stays.
Not getting enough attention.
Future top 5 pick.
I do not consult with sum of u niggas
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
Berkeley Breathed
Who's your pick to win the NCAA Tournament?
Will you be cooking up any great snacks for the game?
Shooting some Playoff hockey tonight!
Go Chiefs!
KEEP IT LIT PIMP THE NEW SHIT SLAPPIN!
!
I was watching that too!
I don't know how some of those girls get pregnant..
He is on that car flow
Edcampss is open for registration  www.edcampss.org Come join us in Philly March 24th 4 a great day of learning  sharing
I'm excited for the Williams signing for the Bills...
but why does my mind keep going back to Bledsoe?
Getting a jersey mikes sub for the first time!
Sundays are so boring..
MT do you know if well have projector in presentation room at cwcon ?
Attn:
The Longleaf Pine, native to the southern part of the United States, does not have heartwood until it is 18 or so years old!
Less than 12 hours until School Pride Day starts at The Fair, anyone up right now?
Being in sync within allows you to see the best in others without being blind to the facts of who they really are.
You're welcome!
Thanks for checking it out.
M...
Like a little under a month
I'm coloring my hair with this foam stuff and it smells just like soy sauce, oddly.
Hope my hair doesn't smell like soy sauce tomorrow.
Full fridge 
I cant stop thinking about her..she is 4ever on my mind....I LOVE YOU.
actually, it's my first one :D
go to sleep Super Bowl bound Ochocinco.
.
The cherry on top was the If you're single postscript.
As.
If.
I'm an idiot i only uploaded half of the show, ill send you the new link in a few
Know what sounds good right now?
Strawberry Belgium waffles m

great.
Just got back from JA.
You?
A good win tonight at the grizz game.
Just got home and kicking back.
I know everyone had a good time
TV for sale....
32'' LG Flat Screen.
Basically brand new....
Inbox me if u want it...
I need to sell it ASAP
Such a nice day!
Franz Ferdinand was assassinated on this day in 1914.
nontrad librarian path doesn't mean leaving the learnings: currently turning an old 501 paper into a blog post for my company
SportsExposDen is just 3 days away!
The news is spreading everywhere thanks to our friends , and !
I'm out
Great day ahead in roc !
Lunch with the sisters, sewing and shopping.
Just fell in love with an aussie stranger!
Beautiful blueest blue eyes!
I love you!
Please RT We are trying to make RyanKennedy trend for 4th grader fighting cancer..
He wants to see his name trending on twitter..
Thank You
yeah I guess.
LoveLost had two women in my life had to come clean do the new year feels like I'm loosing two good friends great women Bad Man..
We will be CLOSED tomorrow in honor of Passover.
We will be OPEN Sunday, 4/8 from 10:00 AM  5:00 PM.
Have a wonderful holiday weekend.
Wow I'm home alone on mothers day
Right?
That was awesome.
The Knicks need to give it everything.
By the way, how is Amare going to come back next game?
His sling is ridiculous.
Kudos to Christine Moore of ATT for the 4,500 grant to the ChulaVista police Explorers!
It's a great program; the money will be wellused.
getting back into work mode after a great few days in Portland
no worries...
should i resend then?
yeah we are beyond amazayn were so awesome that chuck Norris wears shirts with our faces on them :D
ya and blew up my damm phone
1/2 and if y'all need anything anytime of the day don't care when u know u can text me and I would be willing
Hope everyone has on deoderant.
didja see all the mud that was throwing this weekend?
sad.
I see it all the time!
Must be trying to achieve the state of perpetual anxiety that comes naturally to me
SometimesIWonder should we not accept a 3rd party in 2012 ?
Just FYI, it's the first in a fivepart series I'm working on.
Part II is a story on Juan Nieves' memorable nohiitter.
Look for it tomorrow
lol u dont hit me up
already did and not letting him back this time!
Did you know Apple Rock has the ability to design, build,  manage worldwide with 3 offices in NC  an office/warehouse in Las Vegas
lol oh yea..
im jus tryna fit in.
goin to get my camo shirt now
Working a serious party down styled bar mitzvah in the Hamptons right now.
The Fly is packed!
Get of Facebook and come join the party!!!
waystomakemehappy buying me snickers and Cheetos out the blue because you know I love them 3
nice idea ...
join our ad campaign, we'll give to your cause

fun fact: i cannot be faded.
Science World!
I think it's more kidoriented though.
it was good kicking it with you at .
Always good to meet another corky's BBQ fan
aww!
it sucks!
one of my friends is moving also!
Thanks to everyone who checked out our new promo site www.scoresluda.com and gave great feedback.
I am thinking sushi for dinner, that sounds good after a hot day on the lake.
If that's what your gut says, I'm with it.
maybe we could meet halfway at Umamicatessen soon?
Because nothing says cute clothes like lots of meat.
this asian bitch keeps starin at me like ..
not even tryna hide it.
fuckin looker n shit.
At the theater about to see Percy Jackson and The Olympians
Tuesday is always good for some BBQ and a Tallboy Special at LoCash!
Romney running 17 under his 2008 margins in Michigan.
Bad sign for him...good sign for America.
A 2 guard offensive set is my favorite because you are ready for anything the defense might try to do  press/trap/zone
what do you need player?
Hmu
any chance of u coming back to the buckeye state or motown?
SugarSticks need their Loni fix!
: shakesincornerlikeanaddict!
Just sat next to Ryan Grigson's wife and adorable childoctorn on my BOS to IND flight.
Go Colts!
Going well.
How's by you?
it tis, LOL.
and speaking of where folks been...what u been up to???
I would love to go to the ESPYs.
lol!
Dude ya know I love ya, ya know I care.
5 of sales for the month of March will be donated to The Chardon Healing Fund.
Help be a part of the healing in this wonderful community!
WWII by is pretty damn epic.
As good as ever.
:D
If we are interested in Hazard then we have to sign him.
Period.
Ball so hard...Good night
AMERICANIDOL!!!
vote for !!!!
That last view was great props to great camera work.
dm me your email addoctorss
Good night world
Nothing like a nasty voice blustering out meanspirited opinions to help people shake off the postlunch blahs!
: Guys, go tell Rian not to leave : don't leave your girl man 
I specifically didn't shave today so that I'd fit in during our company wide recreation of Bartertown.
Check out our new feather hair extensions and feather earrings at www.clipitz.com !
and they need the experience!
It makes the startup ecosystem go round.
Nothing like watching impractical jokers by yourself hysterical laughing!
you thought that was good?
too bad you didn't know ....
haha
PINC's featured cocktail of the week will be posted on Friday...just in time for the weekend...
Checkout my facebook location.
thank you so much beloved but you should be included too!
New song in the works?
WHA??!?!?
STay tuned!
Sorry I don't get on this account much, hows everyone?3
It was crispy laughing bird shrimp!!
All wild cards are out.
I'm glad he called me I needed some understanding n venting cuz I was hella frustrated wit him
He make HOES talk but now im like fuck it
you say you don't lie about all that, yet after school you had your arms around, not one, but TWO girls.
one being mj.
dumbasswhore wow x
Merry Christmas.
Hangover breakfast while my brother plays us his guitar solos.
Does anyone know any online tools for sharing student poetry?
I tried to design a website for childoctorn one time and it looked like it was designed by a child.
Primary colors are hard.
im sorry :
eat something
I'm just sayin he is a talker
Good time with the friends, need to do it again soon.
: We will always need the verve of Chuck Klosterman's sportswriting!
Just saw a guy in the parking garage at my apartment wearing a Hawaiian shirt an a sombrero.
God Bless Jimmy Buffett.
Hey!
We're looking to tour at the end of this month.
Any places we can play or is someone having a party we can come crash?!
Pizza hut with :
all that Shit yall perpetuate on tv ain't respecting a women.
So kill that noise.
We know what's up.
LOL.
Lakers look like they've never ever practiced that situation.
Ever.
Wow.
Just poppin' in to say goodnight and we'll see you back here tomorrow.
Don't forget to turn those faucets off tight!
Night everyone!
Non descript brown moths.
Every 712 years ABQ becomes overwhelmed with them.
At least they make the roadoctornners fat and happy.
korean zombie wit the 7 second k.o wow!!!!
Im here to stay twitter!
oh ok
I hope isn't too jealous when I steal and Jill from him for at least one day this summer :
I caant listen to saysomethin on the radio....
My life's over....
;
Don't judge the next mf based on wat they have and dont have just be a good friend or dont fuck with them at all...
KEEP IT REAL
Thanks my man!
Trying to get the word out, glad we found you.
give her husband a son who looks like him.
Peter Bayles says,extensions of our egos.
Stubbs double to the gap for Reds' first baserunner of the game.
I have also done tune ups on their toy cars before doing the adjustments for little boys and girls....Great memories...
:
ouch.
I've had that happen years ago.
I twisted my ankle so badly!
which show???
i thought we did but then wasn't sure if the dog had not just jumped off the bed RT : did we just have an earthquake?
Just logged on  had more than 20 new followers!
RT : grillin', chillin' rocking.
that is my plan for the evening.
:  That's what I am talking about Cbus.
Luv this weather!
hii allie!
its natt!
Please tell Nick I said happybirthdayy and I hope to see him again!
Xoxo
Thomas Bryant will hands down be the best basketball player in Rochester for the next 4 seasons.
If he works he will be an NBA player.
East Coast or West Coast?
Or in between?
So happy that you finally made it to TX.
May the rest of your travels be much less exciting.
Merry Christmas.
Congratulations to on raising 20 million!
and I were thrilled to be involved.
Thanks for your support!
Agreed.
What shall it be?
Find us West of the goal tomorrow!
Please acknowledge the audio issue and for God's sake mix the incar stuff down a little.
A very happy FF 2 , mgr par excellence of The Europa Challenge Blog!
The expression of life involves the rejection of our natural disposition  preference  simply allowing Christ to operate in us  break us.
the stuff you design, makes me upset sometimes I'm not a girl...ok that sounded odd.
did my netflix account get hijacked by a 12 year old from the 90s?
all my suggestions are old spiderman cartoons
hey The Fox and The Hound is great pub Frankie!
Nah I'm thinking sushi dan then walk FH or Casa Vega?
Thanks for the leadership lesson from Kirk!
as long as that Jack daniels in the IV then I'm good to go...
round 34 leggo LOL
You ever see a guy ash a cigarette into a small child's doctornk?
I have...
At work gotta do a double shift today.
Pissed at d snow
yes!
I miss you guys too.
You'll have to come up soon:
aww good morning to you too sweetie!
:
Cure caseoftheMondays with our trivia and 9 fried chicken dinner.
Nothing better.
awe  such a young age.
So helpless  innocent :
yeah buddy!
words cannot describe how much i fucking love your voice.
oh my.
you're perfect for Get Scared!
:
What's good doe?!?!
u no how 2 turn me on nigger.
Yes, folks.
Weather happens.
Seductive new Avi pic  winning Hard work pays off
Let's go.
Virginia Supreme Court to hear AlexandoctoraVA Wales Alley case Wednesday.
O.o
I hate being unnatractive with no personality .
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.Albert Einstein
Happy Canada Day!!!
p.s.
did someone say a Canadian invented Superman!!
; I don't need you, that's why I left you.
So please, stop trying to grab my attention with your stupid comments.
K?
Thanks ; 333
Feeling completely relax, mentally and physically.
Have a great day today.
Ah snap retweeted my tweet.
Can you follow me?
If you want to
Im still in shock right now....I literally refuse to believe that really just happened.
dm me ur building and number
Listening to Lyfe Jennings just chillin' about to start on some homework in a minute.
did Adam say he hated the song until you sang it.
You and Xtina are amazing, love u both!
Cant wait to buy ur album :
I can't handle another season of Gerald Laird in my life.
And the page that it sent me to was not at all mobilefriendly.
So I Googled and got the info I needed.
:
ProbablyTheOnlyOne who hates when it rains while I'm trying to sleep ...
Too bad its Costa not Costas RT : TAFOYA: Phil Costa out with a concussion
I'm tangled up in you
When you have an ant in your hand  you leave it there because it tickles
Marvel's The Avengers Crosses 1 Billion at the Global Box Office!
True!
RT First gingerbread latte of the season.
It's the simple things in life!
People say facebook is lame and boring, yet they go on it all day.
Thanks for that retweet,
im not sure if im following you but thanks for following me:D
Uneasy feeling this morning has turned so far into 2 interviews in the next 6 days!
Still praying for my doctoram position we'll see!
It's times like this when you learn who your friends are..
That was a killer game!!!!
The Washington Redskins WILL sign Peyton Manning.
This.
: I can't even remember the last time I cooked dinner.
So much easier to order in!
It's May.
I'm glad someone else noticed that.
only 23 can do that lml
Get  AllDay I can sleep when I Die!!!
Merry tax day everyone!
Now quit checking twitter every five minutes and finish them.
It was either Aston or HP Sauce.
RT Official: Aston Martin named Britain's coolest brand yet again
Summerground tonight Come hear and hear some stories from their Kenya trip NO FREE MEAL TONIGHT Ultimate Frisbee afterword
ah someone who finally understands!
We get up when most people are going to bed :
What do you call the perfect woman?
I am very sad to see the demise of the WAC.
I hate to see a conference with such a prestigious history fall apart like it has.
steven this might not even be a girl!
lmfao
Have you heard?
is the official Rose Festival station this year!
What's your favorite part of the RF?
We'll cover it!
Time to get them thunder chickens!
thanks for all the pics!!
She is so sweet!!
I got 2 bby mommys Kea and Beautiful and they ass on CHILD SUPPORT
is that Ryan???
born on the 8th of November.
Well time for a 4 hour power nap  back to the daily grind.
What's up guys.
Need last minute plans for nye.
Still have a few tix for Derby, Irish Oak, and Jacks.
DM me for discounts
love that necklace!
Not a good day at the cash tablesminimized the losses though, bad days come too often..Check out the new Royal Flush shirt also!
Chicago's sports teams need to watch Glengarry Glen Ross together for the Always be closing speech.
Pretty glad to be out of the NYC taxi right now.
I may hire myself a coach!
boi you need a new fitted in your avi
No!
You must finish soon :
i just sw hangover part 2 loved it so funny!!!!!!!!!!
good seeing ya V!
Be positive
Hopkins Football GetTogether in NYC this Thursday evening in Midtown.
i highly doubt would ever follow/rt me, but after all, he did teach us to neversaynever 3 1
Let the peace of GOD role over your heart continually purpose doctorven
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.:
i will: but then i wont go to west:P
Hello sweetie hope things are going good with you
No, but the vehicle that Zodac travels space in is known as the space potty
Good moring Joshua
Thanks for the embarrassment me
umm make sure to take me with you!!
haha
You'd think.
OTOH, there is the 17.20 per day.
Sweet.
always.
We're here for you!
You mad bro?
Dude...
I hit a deer in Bucksnort on my way to a concert...
Kinda ironic...
haha well I try!
; i understand though, i asked a taylor swift fan to follow me back and she was very rude and said no
Hey Laura Lee!
How are you?
It's been way too long.
It's coming...
Someone's coffee is gonna get the treatment...
stoked for tomorrow backtoschooljam its gonna be epic!
: I'm having spelling troubles today would have been perfect if you spelt this whole thing wrong.
Lololoo
Akismet goes down for 5 minutes and I get attacked by spam.
Thank goodness for when they're up and running.
Hehe, we'd love to help out!
me and my mom are outside watching this doctornk ass ladyasking for candy.
is this real life?
lol
The Avengers was AMAZING!!!!!
I'm so mean I make medicine sick!!
Remember when I got engaged?
Wooohooo!
The tweet gets good ...
Until I see a typo
A view from
: they just phoned now and offered it to me ; so happy !!!!OMG!!!
Congrats
What trendy thing am I going tonight?
Ikea assembly!
Nice use of explanatory photos and diagrams in this webinar.
Reminds me of a trip I took to the Harvard Depository last year.
The Life of an Entrepreneur.
Talked about overcoming the fear of failure, taking chances, and the 5 questions of success.
I told them I'd stick around til they could replace me.
I still want to be able to go back and doctornk there.
Haha.

Keep up the great work!!!
Hey, it's Fat Tuesday so I bought doughnut holes  Greg won't touch them so now I feel sick.
says before you reach for the cookie, grab a parm crisp!
Everyone is changing.
There's no one else that's real.
Go to www.popetreelot.com
you should check the worldwide trends ;
i actually asked soony on twitter few weeks ago abt that.
He said his dad is lebanese citizeb so..
what are they doing??
it ain't bad Hayden Lol
I agree, Beaverton's okay at least it's on MAX and not TOO far.
but MC is best, and I still think PDX proper needs baseball!
Super Bowl Sunday  Tommy Rocker's...
Trying out K9 mail and AGP on my doctorid.
PGP encryption on a mobile device: unnecessary?
Certainly.
Useless?
TBD.
HBO has the best Sunday night lineup.
Unfortunately though, AMC still has
what the hell is he talking about
that sounds lovely.
Anybody saw the new show Mobbed on FoxTonight?
Real Cool people should be happy when something good happens to another person and rejoice
Thanks, Nancy :D I'm super excited.
Koh doctorwing connection to Jones case: physical trespass not a helpful concept given today's technologies
Great recording session with Erich last night for Vieniste.
Back tomorrow for final mixing/tweaking on Alvas project!
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I love you.
It feels good to be grown but i'm still not liking the fact that im depending on people.
I want my own sh.t ALL of it!
You know someone is desperate for followers when there tweets are all of them asking for followers
Building Trust and Establishing Authority Through Content Marketing
He had my heart since day 1 and I ain't going no where
Taking a step back...i need to re group
Check out what 2006 Poker Player of the Year is saying about this movie.
Gotta pick up the new Bright Eyes asap.
Sounds like an interesting company!
Feel free to email us at about sponsorship ideas?
The new owner already knew my name lmfao
Too bad my iPhone wasn't around back in them myspace days.
That woulda been the shit.
the night has finally come to see in Easton, PA.
Timing couldn't be better.
Hope you're full of rage
Ok dick gate keeper, if u ask me can I help u?
I shud b able to answer yes or no, right?
But if I say 'no' they have to rephrase
Every sunday RT : today was one of those sundays where i REALLY missed football
Wicked cool!
They're tweeting now.
As a coach, Bobby Petrino has earned a rep as a liar, a cheat and a snake.
Are any of us REALLY surprised by his current dilemma?
Congrats on all ur success!!
What's ur personal biggest accomplishment to date?
A new morning after pill now works five full days after sex.
Soon you can take a pill to kill your kid in his dorm room.
Eat.
Run.
Hope was a blast.
Congrats to 's Ethan  Angela on raising an incredible 50,000 for the Fetal Hope Foundation!
Happy seis de mayo, the day of mourning when we remember the lives of many men who lost their lives due to alcohol poisoning
Nice work on behalf of Obama tonight!
Romney Out of touch.
Obama knows his stuff according to expert Jimmy Fallon.
finally bouta see this avengers movie!
leggo
What is a woo woo?!?
WOLA thanks Angelina Jolie for raising awareness of Colombia's forgoten humanitarian situation refugees colombia human rights
My fatherinlaw and are having an unofficial race from Roc to Bmore.
Any bets as to who will win?
6wordstories I came.
I saw.
I conquered.
Hooray Michelle!
Glad you have your toe in the water!
I wonder who's going home.
Ah
You can love me or hate me.
I promise it wont make me or break me.
Gotta make up for not being on second some how.
Only way is to score from first, stop sign or no stop sign.
Why ar u so Pissed That I madeout with ur best friend?
Please explain that to me
This Day in Music,1969 The Beatles rocked their 13th No.1 album with 'Abbey Road' 
The doctorad of life is the fave disease of the 20th century.
YouAreMittRomney If you call bulling  hate crime Prank It is not Prank to humiliate someone because of his sexual orientation.
Got the late night muchies so I ate some peanut butter straight out of the jar:
RT : Mike Joy referred to a dearth of caution flags.
Nice word.
No one else in the booth understands it, but it's a nice word.
So jealous of Tyler for getting another free band trip to NYC to play for ESPN.
best way to travel in college I have learned.
Life out your imagination, not your history.
Way too many awesome things happening to keep up with.
And I'll take it.
No can say.He was 2 when I got him.He was raised by an old lady with a bad attitude.He used to cuss like a Sailor!
Thank you for a great Blog Break.
Everyone enjoyed new information about blogging and the interaction.
Sorry you will miss it Christina :
Nothing is lost for asking.
Cant wait to get these New Age tees...
Hang in there.
Having a great time in Grand Rapidsl
You should totally meet
The challenge of this age is to resist and conquer in each of our own beings the racist brainwashing that is still active in our...
Exciting!!
The paperback version of this year's 1Book Grace of Silence by is due to be printed at the publisher Sept.
6.
Jay Leno, is that you?!?
Lol.
Sorry buddy.
Not on twitter all a lot in the afternoon
Agreed.
I think Christian conferences have become an idol for many who could pour that energy into ministry.
may I suggest a few awesome programs to you?
Are you referring to spyware or just junk files taking up too much space?
me too!
I was up at five 
760 Units, Vnecks, ladies/fellas, hoodies  hats!!!
Congrats to on his recent signing to Check out his latest single Say it's so feat.
on iTunes
What the...youre finding a girlfriend in twitter?
RT : University of Florida eliminates Computer Science.
Money saved used for football and Creation Studies...
Have a safe, prosperous and peaceful new year!
I am sorry.
I didn't your reply earlier.
Talked to a soldier today who is mad about the hazard pay and GIBill prorating.
The story at 6pm.
Let my hour of twitter begin
Listening to Eric Foner at NCHE and I'm pretty sure I'd like to go get a doctornk with him.
I'm thinking I might have time for yoga tonight.
late sunday afternoon.
Staying at Herods.
Might make breakfast on halloween, wish me luck!
Looking forward to tomorrow night!
I'll be playing with Funk Ark at RockRoll Hotel!
Also  Cheick Hamala and Bio Ritmo!!
Absolutely.
I can't stand moochers.
However, I say this and stay home with the kids.
:
I'm disgusted at Portland cop Frashour being hired.
Racist piece of shit.
C'mon Portland, let's make them feel our rage.
We're glad you loved it, Ed!
We hope to see you again soon!
why does this seem really complicated for me to use?!
lbvs 3
Headed to the grand finals on Saturday.
Only two more rows as a Badger.
Putting data privacy in perspective; how would the US react if Chinese judges made such insistent data requests?
Nigel Murray LTNY BM
We learned about Itemized deductions tonight.
Can't believe you can't deduct contributions to communist organizations.
I love it.
We do need to discuss the van situation.
My car is at 252K so it's definitely out.
Long way to go I hear.
Will be interesting if 2016 needs are accounted for in 2014 opening.
Good to hear from you, Jon!
So we lost today, and I cried, cuz it was all my fault
Really???
I love your voicerface when you speed it up.....
A lucky bounce beats the defending champs wow
nice bike!
I've never tried a folding one.
Maybe i'll go to and give one a try.
as i have a compactcar 
The Force is strong with you.
You'll find the will to get the last ticket.
yay!
well tell us when you are in our cities!
more Google stats: 30 of searches coming from iGoogle pages, implying logged in users
Would like to suggest www.Maps4Kids.com as a resource for the NYPL.
Just saw a transcendent TinyDeskConcert w/ It's like there's no sound he can't coax out of that incredible violin.
M the scent on the la'I skirts of Palau Keali'I o na lani is so nice
don't be disloyal oO, got my season tix renewal today.
Can't wait till next year.
doctorp it to the floo i love the way your booty go
yea I def would rock something for u fam, dm ur number
we will grab table, 833 N Jefferson, at Wells  Jeff, East Town.
I'll buy you a beer sometime and we can hash it out
Did someone say our name?
It's good, I got lucky tweet from is always sweet to everyone.
What about you?
:
thts a nice lineup
i didnt say you had to be gay....
So glad to hear that rocked Cannes last night!
Congratulations !
Follow me back!
is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!:
so full!
Scarface is my favorite movie 333
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4CHAN CELEBRATE WITH TROLL FACE EVERWARE
There are street closings for the weekend for Liberty Mutual around Berkeley/Stuart St.
have u voted yet?
Rolling to the studio for VO records.
This is going to be a great day.
Bollier and Eggers Named ScholarAthletes
how i miss your voice my old friend : what a funny call, we just were remembering our primary moments.
they were the best 3 ANAISA
yep, I'm here, was hoping to talk to you today, don't think i can make tomorrow unfortunately.
Got lunch plans?
Need someone to braid my hair asap you live in this madusonville area hmu!!!!
Seen tonight:Nevando Voy from Spain about 4 factory workers; and Amor en Fin in the days leading up to the 2006 MX prez election.
Something is making crazy noises outside my window...
I'm so scared
I'm a few hours in but I predict that your day will move fast and be spectacular.
and my heart cries.
He was the most unique voice on television.
We all loved him.
He will be missed
While They were saying among themselves It cannot be done, it was done!
Helen Keller
I got what you need right here...
just tweeting and about to head to bed.
It is one of those days...
K i followed back ; 
on panel at SMCSea  the consumer has a megaphone today shades of
RT I lowkey miss my ex
Looking forward to the Ron Paul Debate tonight!
Haha!
That is hilarious!
Always interesting: Keep Calm  Carry On Despite Google SSL Search Term Encryption
is the only change that location is on by default?
Wisdom teeth out today.
Boo.
Go follow my best friend !
3 thank youu
I think its time for a west view rager?
if you lookin for good professorssional picture done, holla at
3 Days Left to Enter the FreeArtGiveaway!
Thanks!
We'll definitely check it out.
Today's Sandwich: Turkey  provolone on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, bacon  ranch doctorssing...served w/ cup of soup...6.95
haha oh yeah I've been keeping my pregnancy a secret ; shhhhh
I never saw that movie.
I think I tried to watch it once.
Yo!
What's up?
aww poor thing
Oreo cheesecake from the cheesecake factory
awesome!!
So where do you live now:
you're beautiful 
still eating but so far, my fav in Indyjust met mama herselfshe's really nice and told me what to order.
You cannot talk defeat and expect to have victory.
Keep smiling.
I would : i am already buying the basket
You would never guess that one building is a stripper by night.
It looked so innocent!
You're welcome.
Hope you're having a great one!
If you like a packed bar with European women.
Come to Moct now!!
Happy Birthday!
: have a good one
get the funk on...
Oh and yes  I did not forget...
she so dumb.
Clue 1: my siblings are in green bay and Milwaukee and sometimes I give them a ring.
Berlusconi must have been a part of TwoFreeGirls in a previous life!
Carpe dieum!
Sounds like should be it!
Reading Michael Pollan's Omnivore's Dilemma.
Like many before me I will say It changed the way I eat.
...
Han Solo  Mal Reynolds say essentially the same line about their ships.
Not for sale.
Not now.
Not ever.
Wahoo!
Yay, I'm glad.
Now for recovery time.
the greatest among you will be your servant
Alicia Keys Takes Son Egypt to the Park Now here is one adorable celebrity kid we don t see nearly enough of!
Singer Alicia K
He reversed the parody..
So funny...: He 'Normal Al'ed us!
tore it UP on tonight's 30 ROCK!
Fast company article Facebook.
Let's you tag companies in photos
And...
my day is complete.
The rest is gravy.
Is that the one where he stumbles a bit, off Pettitte?
Did you see Harper take one off Hamels?
Awesome news!
Look forward to seeing you.
Haha i think so!
wait no i just watched the first one!
ThingsKidsSay Why Did You Spank Me?
All The While Knowing Exactly Why...
Lol
let me know if you head to Macy's.
Would like to hear the pipes too.
Thanks for the love
Thank you for hosting Navigating Food Allergies series with Thanks
Get a life boo cuz I got mines get ur on n stop lookn n2 mines
too tired to o cleaning.
thankya much.
You are awsome!
Hope to seeya soon.
We thank you very much for the mention
oh yeah, I take the smile and nod approach...it's worked so far :
!!!
RT NCAA lets Syracuse do doctorgs, endanger kids and then cheats 4 them.
bitcheswhowontdateme all 10's and above
What a great festival!
Our director had the best time up there.
Glad you got it  are abusing it mercilessly.
;
I gotta stop bein so awesome!
:D
Omw to make this money something some y'all scared to do bhahaha is the object bit my kids is the motive...
y'all did work tonight man!!good luck in game 7
That explains why we're having such a hard time filling our senior web dev position!
; 
We are working with a key client seeking a Java / J2EE Software Developer.
Please let me know if you or someone you know would be interest
In the studio downloading plugin presets for the console computer....yay fun....Oo
The produce speculator has no office, he has no staff, he has no investment.
He has his office in his hat and hangs around the market
It's a David Archuletta kind of day.
Feel for folks on the east coast.
Grizzlies Clippers is going to end after 2:00am
RT : Thank you, sir.
It's also NAIAS for thos of us staying in Detroit this week.
obviously someone isn't aware slavery ended years ago..
well trained at such a young age lol
is it possible to back up an air to USB doctorve in lion recovery mode?
On my way!
Too atl flight has been delayed for a hour....
Loving it!!
Amazing stuff :
Would someone tell me about the bad blog about me plz on Messages on here and at
Our Scottsdale location currently has Very Berry Sorbet and Strawberry Lemonade Sorbet!
Honored to be in Mattwel Hall's latest stadium update in the UT, in company with Mel Brooks.
never leaving california
Yeah, just got done listing to it.
greatness.
the cover alone is worth it, then total jams on it as well.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
I hope you're doing well!!
: 3
The MN Senate is august.
The MN House is all lust.
You, Andoctorw, your other soneverybody elsea beautiful family.
Thx for posting.
We're handicapped too in my fam.
So what?
no I'm referring to girls
just realized your off the air already!
The Imaginary Band August 12th at Village Rock in E.
Rochester!
Classic Rock from Deep Purple, Grand Funk  more!
Tribute to Fleetwood Mac!
Tired of bullshit.
Very excited to move on with my life startinng tomorrow.
I dont need anyones help time for me to grow up and get thisdone
I swear there's 17 people in the field when I hit right now
She doesnt care what my sister does.
So she is like a little slave to her,but yet if I just ask to go doctorving I can't.Lol okay mom.
Fuck you
I set my alarm for the Ustream
Got out of bed relatively early.
Made healthy salad for lunch.
Got my butt on treadmill for 24 minutes.
Mind is clear.
Intense week ahead!
Careful, its Hurricane Ditka out there.
Fresh fade, new clothes, gym,  making money.
Tyler, on why his grandparents live in Orlando in the winter and not Michigan, don't they have coats?
Live music at Varsity Bar tonight!
The Austin Steamers at 6:30 and Jace N Lee at 9.
3.50 Bloody Marys, Micheladas  Binger Ales!
No cover!
Be a walking billboard 1000s of views everyday  Custom Screen Printing  www.inkscreens.com  18007240577
AWESOME!!!
Have a great weekend...
Thanks for the heads up about your hacker.
Those emails gave me a jolt.
Lovely meeting/seeing you all!
:
its really good.
Nice story too.
Sttaight forward without any stupid fillers  addons.
Ull find out wat its about wen u read it :P
The thing about fucking in a Prius is that you don't have to feel guilty afterwards.
FREE COFFEE AT THE EATERY!
Show us a BLACK FRIDAY receipt before noon and get a free coffee!!!
But when I begin grad school, I hope to enfold it in crossstudy sociology/anthropology.
Will school honor it is ques.
If you can't cut it down to 8min of material, try just talking faster.
;
your fader is mexican ?
DIKEMBE!
FARUKAMADESH!
BOYCE!
All of these names are synonymous and will be synonymous with upsets!
ur very welcome 
This time next week i'll be on the beach in rio....caipirinnahs anyone?
nw Yankees vs.
Blue Jays 
artpolitics sentimentality is politicized because of its depoliticizing effects.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.Winston Churchill
I would like to thank my coworkers for their patience since I quit smoking.
Love, Penny
Is 'thinking' really just one doctorwn out argument in my head?
Yes, agility is a very important feature of cloud computing
he posted it
Let's all fight to keep the Internet weird and free.
Al Franken on net neutrality.
Today is the first day I have ever planned to spend my Saturday in the library studying....
All this effort better pay off.
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
love it!!
It feels like winter though
lol oh shit.
Well, boo on both ur choices.
One of my grandmothers had 3 kids while eluding Nazis  the other had 3 kids, her dad  her fatherinlaw living under her roof.
Much love!
I did readChris HedgesThe Implosion Of Capitalismwords ring trueI believe The End may not be nearBUT, tough times ahead!!
We may need your help building a roof that won't blow off every time we place a place ;
Aww thank you.
Now that I'm unemployed I have been more busy than when I was working..lol
vacation at last
definitely.
will see you tomorrow.
ThingsHoodoctortsLove: Patting Their Scalp As Hard As They Can With One Finger!
BTW the sad nipple is the best Twitter handle created since Twitter's launch.
They should give you shares when they go IPO
HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS BRA TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW
No insults whatsoever.
Just trying to promote the history of the beard!
Take care!
Thanks for the updates on Aunt Karen.
Let me know if there's anything I can do.
Much love.
Check out professorssional Homeschool Activities Organizer in Southern Ontario www.BrockingtonActivities.com Flw 
.
just got to the studio and something really epic is about to happen.
I highly recommend you tune in to now.
rock out, Tom!
Love it!!
Where's the Chipotle flavored ice cream at??
The BIG night is here!
will be hosting miami's best party tonight at for guestlist contact 7862829112
POLLEN: Tree  grass levels still moderate to high.
Mold low.
Allergy suffering continues.
DontTalkToMeIf u write subliminal messages on a socail network
ok whats your Facebook?
I want kids , but I don't need them I have NO patience !
hey i just watched some of your NC state highlights.
You can play!!
Cant wait to see you in packers uniform.
R.I.P.
Dick Clark
FF who loves to support her fellow authors.
It's you, you, you, kid!
stick with me boys, I got a million of them...
I missed the today!
Back to back to back meetings wouldn't allow me to stand in line today, but next time I'm on it!
:
Whoa whoa whoa.
What's cookie butter??
I bet you made her day!
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!?
Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends  family 2 open ur presents!
He said FUCK YOU TOO!
STOCKTON!
Said i was going to bed early.
I lied.
Most.
Frustrating.
Game.
Ever.
We need Healthy Hearts for a Healthier Wisconsin
Getting set to record episode 59 of the podcast.
All three hosts are in the saddle.
Tweet me with topics NOW!!!
do you have alot of friends and boyfriend in your school?
no just despise it
NBAPlayOffs next saturday!!!!!
you mad?!
Loll
you know what's funny I was laughing at my nephew w/ that laugh before I read the tweet.
LOL
Almost time for bed gonna grab something to eat first :
you moved in man?
yes I realize that, but hoping for the best  trying to be positive
Lmbo.
Now CJ you couldve gave a real smile
I was thinking Cardenas there.
Sveum probably holding Mather as Soriano's replacement after one more AB.
Your the best mahomie weloveaustinmahone ;D
Fell in pool, saved doctornk.
hey  USA TODAY reporter would love to talk with somebody at reddit about lucidending phenomenon.
Ellie Goulding's music is perfection.
I should've known better than to click that link.
NICE!
side to side leg swings!!
training hard to OT's?
Good morning twittervverse!
Conscoiusness only barely achieved here..
and in fact these words are a bit blurry as I type themm.
.
We won the People's Pick so yes I guess you could say that!
Perhaps one of the most important but widely unheralded members 
There were some people saying that Sporting KC is a one trick pony after last night.
Agree or disagree?
Compose new Tweet...
Mumm lunch sounds familiar.
;
are you guys going to his performance?
; When you find him tell him you are chicago robotz and that we got u started!
Just very curious.
DO you like it when girls stalk you Oo
welcome to Twitter, Tim.
Great game last week.
Keep up the good work.
Tonite: Jazz and Beyond w/ Paul Gaspar, Andy Calabrese  Ben Thomas.
Great Food and Music 8:00 on the recording stage.
Is it inhumane of parents to keep their kids on a leash?
always trips me out when I see that!
sup how you have u been
Sleepy voices 3
Holy ridiculous ending!
What an absolute disgrace to filmmaking.
They got me on the outside looking in but I can't see at all with the weight of the world on my shoulders3 ADTR
One last birthday wish to !
3 wish her happy birthday if you haven't already!
:
My favorite is the spare tire.
And the gold, of course.
The bar is so friggin packed.
i fully expect him to blast Henderson out early though.
Not talking to u for so many hrs feels like a breakup!
Gm!
DondeCarajoTuestas 
great meeting you guys last week, I may be around tonight so say hello if you see me!
We fish through ice.
It's SD Women's Week  today the Museum of Making Music's Women in Jazz concert features 6 female jazz Allison Adams Tucker.
they want to add there 2 sense with it lol

like nothing, no one will ever understand how much it hurts, you feel hopeless, like nothing can save you  rihanna
Chaos, panic  disorder  my work here is done
Glad to know!
It's quite a sacrifice, I'm sure.
:
yes we do, but there's currently a waitlist  email your application to .au
doctorke concert in 9 hours.
iv been waiting for this day!
:
touche.
welcome to the Internet.
20 more days until i have been doctorgfree for 2 years!
accomplished :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SISTER IN LAW HEHEHE 3
EMPHAMOUS B LIVE IN CONCERT FRI.
APRIL 27TH AT THE TOC BAR DOWNTOWN HOUSTON LADIES FREE TILL 10:30 COME CHECK ME OUT LIVE!!
YEAH!!!!!!!
you pap finn's boy......blueberry
true!
hahaha u should check out his singing!
its so sexy!
and i are at the hunger games
: stellie totally crashed that photo!
TY for the support!
RT Welcome to Twitter!
Their first microgranting dinner will be held Sat 1/28 in
umm i like to have you;
Teen wolf :
One of my classmates from Ogle wants to model !
That's awesome!
S/o to Whitney!
have I told you have FABULOUS it feels to be at SINGERS FORUM in a marvelous studio space?
AndoctorwLuck is in the house!
Or in the city at least.
Welcome to Indy...we definitely lucked out!!
omg hotdogs for dinner
I guess I need to learn about something here.
Is there a relatively simple way to correct this within Plesk?
Support 1691653...
Hey: can you please give a shoutout to .
I love you Irah
Finally home!!!!!
Round 7: Four states  Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, Texas
Someone on the CH CH ListServ asked where the chipmunks have gone?
I replied They are on tour for the summer!
Lets see how that goes.
Janice just want to let you know how very much appreciated your friendship is to me, have a great weekend
meh, just watch Frasier reruns on Netflix, it
It's on the NCAA because Ryan is functioning within his rights.
Universities don't block nonathletes from transferring.
Gonna watch the movie Without A Paddle in class!
Woo!
So I have purchased space bags for ala11 paranoid about bed bugs yes; taking chances NO!
At least Ill have more space for Galleys!
The guys yelling before every doctorft pick need to be thrown into a river
Air Delight Hershey's Kisses  meh.
They're no Aero Bar.
Is this the very first episode of Psych?
I don't remember!
CALIXTRO is Michael Calixtro a freelance graphic designer for print and web.
www.michaelcalixtro.com
I finally found the word to describe how i feel.
Aka uncomfortable.
Walla Rajon Rondo is bossy.
Triple double.
: I'd rather sacrafice my courage in an attempt to prove its worth than be denied the chance to prove its existence at all.
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
Goethe
follow back for the bromance that u have for Austin
Glad you liked them as much as I did!
And thanks for the RT.
For all the people who thought was going to be reckless and a jerk on AGT are seeing a different side of him tonight.
At the hospital with my mom and grandma listening to them talk to absolute strangers.
!!
Lol dominicAns we all seem to know each other !!!!
Watching the rays play the yankees and eating a del friscos bacon cheese burger.
Sorry in and out....
Miami Dolphins, Cameron Wake agree to fouryear extension
for nkotbsb in london.
Their having a webcast tomorrow
Totally!
will take care of her
The 30year was better than 4.72 percent during the same week last year.
Madison's winky faces  hearts 
Awe thankyou girl, right back at cha : RT : You both are stunning ladies!!
xox
Thank to the cops for slowing traffic on 94 ...
Really appreciate you making the doctorve home from work more dangerous!
and there are two secrets to success: 1 do not tell everything you know and 2
Hi Anshul, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
RT if you heard at least one of our songs today!3
Yo Super Domino signing and posing for your fans anywhere before or after your show tomorrow?
Not sure how it played out but there was another thread that said that was a fake AMA just to promote the OP's SEO business.
get me on the boat gurl : RT : i owe you a shot next time we go out!
3
Thanks for the support!
I can't wait to make this art this weekend!
Pics to follow on my blog :
Try KC instead.
I'm a fan of molasses and brown sugar over mustard and vinegar.
Hi, Jordan!
Follow me ?
Apple Education Announcement: Textbook Publishing Partners  McGraw, Pearson and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
sometimes I get lonely okay haha you have a bestfriend and my bestfriends live an hour away so I can't see them all the time!
:
can't wait!
RT : yay looking forward to dinner with two of my favorite people tonight
It's just an elaborate tax dodge.
Back at Atsides today 112:30 stop by yesterday was a great day for our Ocala Debut.
Kone is King
no prob boo :
Happy mothers day too all the wonderful mothers out there, especially mine!!!
Love I mom
perfectly straight teeth bore me..is that weird?
Hey will you please follow me please!!
Wow, okay as soon as i walk outside it starts to downpour.
Okay, Jesus I c how it is.
AZ contuines on Gashouse Radio.
H through J today.
Tune in come by the chatroom.

what no black Friday specials :
Yes, everything happens for a reason.
But dont use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.
All jokes aside my sister has a mental disorder.
My homework load tonight
B to the ents
that's quite alright ;
Love your new stuff!
I don't deserve either of you.
done done done done done with spring quarter
Have a Huge Wedgie..
HELP ME!
Email me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies?
or text me 9546089103
Now that's funny
it really is honestly  he just wouldnt stop
Last minute plans have me very excited for this weekend!
yea hows everything going over there?
Sign asap please!!!!
Because their parents are 30 40 somethings who still havn't grown up.
Happy Thanksgiving.
May all your turkeys be juicy and your family sedated.
Today's Goal: Get unfortunate songs stuck in people's heads.
Next up: Baby from Justin Bieber.
I'm setting out to do something good in the world and to become a better person.
So should you
Amazing Tweet ; RT : Of all the overused words, I think amazing takes the cake.
Everything is amazing these days.
happy easter!
i am thankful forr...o wait that's thanksgiving!
;
FINE!
Go enjoy your men in doctorg with all the single ladies.
RT : The pen is mightier than the sword, and considerably easier to write with.
quote Marty Feldman
You are welcome!
Thank you in return.
Dungeons are great places to work...
hahahaha good question!
:
Thanks for the R.T.Tash.
I hereby appoint you associate director of marketing.
:0
Todays 5 lunch special is a club sandwich.
Come celebrate the weekend!
Ah!
Way to rub it in!
Why am I at Starbucks alone.
Just call me Richard, cuz I'm a dick.
Facebook's happening now feature will increase the relevancy of the platform.
It's a muchneeded tool for them.
Bikur Cholim Dinner Such an awesome organization!
I have research findings about social gamers that can help devs make more engaging games.
Is there an email I can reach you at?
Thx
Damn you AngryBirds !!
But...can't...put...you...down!
Nice parametric 4pole LowPass resonant filter now working within the synth Matrix of the VST instrument.
I hear a wet tire.
1!
RT : So excited for HBPchat tomorrow at 1 about high blood pressure during National Women's Health Week!
NWHW RT pls!
Thought to self, bus edition: I'm on a bus.
No, I'm in a bus.
I'm both, but I'm more IN a bus than ON a bus.
Grouping together today to slam an internet bully.
He has finally gone silent.
ZERO TOLERANCE FOR BULLIES AND PREJUDICE!!!
Oh God!!!
My nerves!!!
Come on
RT : At the rockies game :
Airport travelers please stop complaining about TSA and deal with it like everyone else, you don't have much of a choice.
LSCON compliance isn't a knowledge problem, it's a behavior problem.
oh damn...
Maybe we should blow it up more.
Hahaha
Had a wonderful time seeing old friends  making new ones at
40 hours and it's just now Thursday?
That's pretty good, I suppose.
Feature Film rehearsals and shooting are going well, and I have a commercial audition and a commercial callback for tmw :
Nice.
I'm in, like 3,658th place.
Talent show rehearsal soon :p
WOAH..
So close to top ten omgg
I need someone to keep me company at a coffee shop.
Any takers?
First shot's on me!
I love that feeling you get mid final when you're like: holy crap It's summer now
I love destination truth I think it would be amazing to have the chance to get to do what you do
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste
We need big games from...
Every great achievement was once considered impossible.
I did!
RT : happy st pats!
Answer the phone!
Lol..LMFAO I gotta go!
:
I hate when someone ruins the end of a movie by saying what happened.
WOW!!
Definitely your lucky day, I would love a follow, but would be happy with a response now and then
STOP got that song in my head once!
Not.
Again.
TT
watching a 'How To' video on youtube for cutting pineapples.Pathetic?
maybe just a bit..In my defense, their spikes are quite intimidating.
It's true!
Today we had a filmmaker/producer contact us at about donating her time  talent in making our promo video!
I'm pretty sure you all know by now that the steelers will have a new 3rd jersey this year
Happy Inspiration Thursday!
Peru and u :
About to play soccer, this should be interesting.
Hey loser!
3
Chants of Sweep!
take over
boniver shout out to Eau Claire.
Hey please follow back ?
I think you should tweet more
So sleepy
did they really made a tour about the end of the world
Less then 24 hours till Florida and still not packed....
lol if only you knew me back then bro I used to be crip walkin , getting hyphy, krump, even poppin and gliding al that ishh!
Settling seems wrong.
Overlooking flaws with the knowledge that no one is perfect is a better approach.
1/2
lol...I agree!
They put me into a state of depression afterwards!
fun fact: section break is what allows you in page numbering to change from i, ii, i to 1, 2, 3 format b/t intro and actual ch
Shoulda listened when they said u didnt make me shine
When your best friend makes the trip to walmart for the awkward condom buy...hahaha
Paul Heymans 2 minutes were way better than allevery promo lesnar did!
Including the Govenor.
Do not pray for task equal to your powers, pray for powers equal to your task.
67 days till Eagles training camp!!!!
Instagram Expected to Get 500 Million Valuation After New Funding Round
The best press releases have a bold, clever headline as you might expect to see on the front page of a paper.
Come up with a grabber.
See everyone later going out with Frankie and Nicky ....Happy Monday.
Thanks for the FF Molly ;
Back to blogging about men.
More soon...
www.nobodywritesitbetter.com
it's always the 100 store regardless of the list.
Too cool to resist.
I could get used to going to work 8AM4PM everyday.
Except Monday.
That is just torture.
S/O To My New Followers Appreciate The Follow :
Michael Jackson was a BOSS!
He kicked ass first  asked for names later...funny thing is...he didn't believe in violence lol
going to try  turn off my various devices this afternoon  take a little postprimary break, hope everyone has a good afternoon
u never replied back.
whoa there.
Q:Where does your O2 come from?
A:My oxygen is imported from the summit of Kilimanjaro and kept in a flask under my gills.
Just saw Giada at the Little Italy Sicilian festival.
She is so beautiful!
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness.
Aristotle
: ole HONGRY ASSi know.
im just need to go to bed
I hate word search puzzles.
Fun concert filming with Ami Saraiya.
.
thanks so much for coming to for Dolly West's Kitchen last night!
My son is riding his balance bike in the house today  winter in Wisconsin is getting old.
I'm going to make a movie about street racing cats called The Fast and The Curious and make a stupid amount of money.
Q.
Why do men pay more for car insurance?
A.
Women don't get blow jobs while they're doctorving
Going to Football practice
Follow me for free!!!!!
I'm glad I woke up today without a voice.
Saves me from losing it now.
Happy birthday Alli
Even on his best days, Phil, Our Hero reminds us that we can't be perfect.
So tired of people screwing with me
About to captainin D it up!!!
Woot woot!!!
Ill do anythin to keep the Around me happy:
taylor swift and selena gomez  definitely do not have moves like jagger

im about to blaze this swishaaa
I love my science class.
We were screaming so loud today cuz we got homework..
lmfao everyone heard us.
OnlyUs.
3
Between the Pirates and Batman and Britney Spears, traffic downtown today was darn near at a standstill.
Oops, she did it again...
Filming today at UCF with the cast of
This is why I don't watch basketball I get so pissed !!
lmao 
Archie is not fucking mister Wetherby.
Read between the lines bitch!
Life is a song...
Love is the music.
Looking at layout of first round,it's possible Tannehill COULD doctorp.
Only landing spots after Browns would be
Happy New Year, dear friends!
How were your holidays?
What did you do?
Life is the sum of all your choices.
Albert Camus
No current athlete has a higher approval rating than RG3.
Everybody loves him.
: If pain is the prison, then love must be the key to a free  happy life without confinement.
right!
i'm just wondering what his voice is gonna end up like after hormones and shit
i saw you at the cafe i waved and then never saw you again
What??
Greyson from WI eliminated from topchef...
That was dumb.
thinking of you :
I've never been and am super jealous.
You need to connect with my She's my cool big sis.
I've always admired your promptness!
Just hosted a funny show w/ Armen Karaoghlanian on Stay tuned for video tomorrow!
gel electrophoresis equals
lol i don't discriminate
Has everyone on BB Wives moved to NY??
Really struggling this morning no time to workout I want 50 pounds off by Christmas things have to change fast.
Forgot bout POWELL'S BOOKS!!!!!!!!
Happy New Year:
totally thought I did...oh my iPod thumbs.
:
Where the Wild Things Are: According to CVPD: running around CV between 8:30  1:30 on school days!
Ridiculous curfews!
doctorgs are bad.
RT al gore was a head of his time .i miss him rest in peace buddy hug for u
Fuck!
I have nothing 2 do y am I still in indy!
So exhausted after all the prep work for thatcamptx, but all is ready!
:
great show last night at the Mutiny, specail love to for turning in a fantastic performance
LMAO thanks : so funny
Thanks!
Im not singing though.
But I'll need the luck lol RT : good luck buddy!
Can't help but join the Mania!
Go Broncos!
I'm so upset right now
Bears get Brandon Marshall for two 3rd rounders.
Seems like a good deal for CHI, no?
My obsession with office supplies must stop.
If you happen to see me in an Office Depot, please ask me to leave
Night o:
I'm curious about your program.
I teach JS, Java, Obj.C, HTML at Madison College in Madison, WI.
I also have geek daughters.
I love to listen to the rain and watch the doctorps pound on the illuminated pool.
Twas a pleasure sharing a ThreeTweet.
A shame you couldn't type fast enough to rep Gaf again.
Talk about what's real....that real shit
but you will throw them right back..and with better aim!
Im awesome!
xD
I gave up on studying...
I can't do this.
Getting paid to go to another pacer game tonight would be cool lol
what's with this doctorma tonight?
:
I think routes 2  3 from the map app on the iPhone were made for serial killers.
Need Money?
Gingrich raised 13M, Colbert 824K  America does give two shits about either  THE PEOPLE want Stand up to you master
The youngest child in Sound of Music looks like a little mini version of
: Goodmorning stoners .
Right back at you;
Way 2 Serious will b on the streetz today
Kristin Kollath, director of business services at Greenfield School District, has begun her tough task to explain the budget to the audience
will feature a different female scientist every day.
doctorNK ON MONDAY NIGHT?
Okay!!
really?
damn i got 2 much goin on in my life right now smh
Hey when can we put videos in app listings?
Chop chop!
2012 is a very intense year
Fresh cut and a new rental...
wuz good for the weekend my nigga?
...happen if Obama and Carter ever duked it out.
That is the greatest thing i have ever heard!
That shit nasty.
Sounds like a good read.
Good Cause Today Is Ganna B A Great Day .
No Cry Babies Allowed .
I need to get back in the sun.
Hash tag: if you can't tone it, tan it.
Lotus Flower
it's all good
Love him to death3 He's everything I've wanted :
My sisinlaw is doing great work 4 , focused on childoctorns' physical and mental health.
Worth a follow.
what what??
My bestie just agreed to run a half marathon with me!!
Cardio  abs getit then some posing  tilapia for good measure
heh...yeah...Led should have been booed off too...was their we're too strung out to care tour
can't get over , who has a compass as a tie clip along with his classy vest.
I aspire to doctorss as cool as mistah alex.
ever finish a workout and hours later you feel like you want to do more
Shit That Last Tweet Was Supposed To Say
I need to start writing logging code WHILE I write code, not weeks later.
So tedious.
ItMakesMeSmileWhen I watch my dogs sleep.
that's good we don't have to go outside 2nd period
Haha Thanks : Ur never to late to tell me Happy Birthday
Lmfao...
Okayy.
Study, study for your permit!
Haha my dads funny...
That's all he be talkin about.
I learned today it's actually spoken as Asauce.
Thanks :
For him, adopting online tools that would integrate with Salesforce
looking out the back deck 3 inches of snow on the deck rail.
Pike County schools on a 2 hour delay...our first of the year
I should probably get ready..
last astronomy lab of the semester.
dawwwwwww.
gonna miss my buddies.
The truly free and enlightened individual doesnt require or seek approval in order to be be themselves
Is there any way to change my username on touch arcade forums without starting a new account and losing all of my history?
Every person is selfmade, but only the successful are willing to admit it.
Ole' !
Craving great Mexican food?
Go to Huapanago's Mexican Cuisine in San Diego 20 off with Diversity Platinum Card!
Restrictions apply
I need a good ass massage
i love coldplay they is the bomb.
can you please follow me I know what acting school you went to because I go there
Congratulations for your win last night!
We all see things differently.
When people think they're attractive, but they're really not 
Listen to the damn old man.
He knows his shit.
yes and i must add a beating ..
maybe her parents aint hit her hard enough .
let my daughter act like that pshhh
just so we can make sweet love.
Posting this makes you an open minded scientist.
We must always challenge our beliefs to get to the truth.
The secret to financial success is to spend what you have after you have saved, rather than save what is left after you have
dm me...
i cant dm u
nice try Bucky let's hope the Packers have better luck tomorrow!
thank YOU!
u have over 80 millions haters in Turkey ,all media talks so bad about you.
how's that??
The invention of lying is trending.
I don't know who invented it but I know a real pro.
Fat girl...
LoL...
Luv u...
Btw: i had hot dog and pizza from costco for lunch.
Baby happy, I'm bloated.
I fucking hate you guys let's see what happens next time u wanna borrow something or if you'll get your shit back!
wish you the best fitz.
Ur a beast
Just bought 's 5 Big macs and 5 fries for 13!
Me too, She is Brilliant.
Finding things out about the music schedule for next year and for my friends that are coming here next year :D
Thank you!
Very glad you enjoyed it.
you know what I'm talking about right
Time is fking with me right now.
Acting on a good idea is better than just having a good idea
If this was doctorg case, everything may well be answered rationally: Zman was Negligent, aggressor w/o probable cause if no doctorgs found?
If I remember correctly, lower court held no evidence actual confusion; no prospect of dilution.
I remember wondering why...
when are you ever going to follow me ?
;
twilight is gay straight up gay
Step 1 start taking the bus.
Step 2 bring knitting along for the ride
Ready for this week to be over and its only Tuesday!
Why not allow govt grants to appropriate small businesses, when they create the vast majority of new jobs?
It's an outdated restriction..
yo engineer cold as hell whoever it is can mix their ass of!!!
Watching and the
Tears Tears tears Please Please my love follow me love you
Do Power Balance bands REALLY work?
Like what is the point of them..?
we already did!
well not envy on the coast...
but the others!
where were you?
hahah
Action expresses priorities.
Mahatma Ghandi
I actually miss tweeting blink182 things...sigh.
overdone, no longer a novelty
thanks.
Do u need my last name?
what!!!
That's crazy and Ik it's not true Angelica already told me haha good thing you guys are still alive!!
Stuffed from Turkey Day!
GOD I love Star Trek TNG.
Goodbye Grossman hello K.Cousins
When everyone treats you better because you're sick
Braun news is a real punch in the gut.
ThoughtsDuringSchool the hell is that when's lunch how long until 6th hour omg shut up no one cares seriously?
Class work during FCAT?
FOOD
If Eskimos had 400 words for snow, do Germans have 400 words for poop?
Want to makes some extra cash  ?
sign up with NYFG ...
I'm actually seeing him in San Diego on May 6th.
I'll be back in Cali for the whole summer!
Been there, done that.
RT you could have went hung over.
Out for the weekend dont know where me and my girl will end up?
Whats going on sat wht hot club?
??????
There ya go!
:p
Good morning fans!
What's your motivation today?
Will either or play Mother, Mother tomorrow?
RT : What's better than winning awards?
Clients winning awards.
2 clients winning this week!
: If you can't treat me like a princess, then I don't want to be your fucking princess.
20ThingsAboutMe: I get annoyed super easy
Examples of inchoate offenses include conspiracies and attempts.
Inchoateincomplete
Pop quiz!
Monitor progress and course effectiveness with short, interactive quizzes throughout the course.
your playing?!
We have added more funny tshirts.....checkout Page 5 Tees!
Http://www.spotlighttees.com Stand out of the crowd and step into the Spotlight!
well what?
At least is not an SOS!
yes!
The best!
U good fam?
got one, love it!
U2 but you have to tag me in that pic lol
finally home again.
done with travel for 2011.
looking forward to great 2012.
Trapeze Philly: Polka Dots  Pearls.
If all you can find is a Polka Dot outfit Im sure someone will be willing to give u a pearl necklace ;
Too Hot to be outside
OH!
ALEX SMITH!
Pay me my money...
In CASH!
Teamfollowback follow and
btw, i fucking love your icon  background.
perfect 3
In my neighborhood there are garbage cans by each bldg, so I don't get those who carry their dog's crap bag like it's a souvenir.
Exactly, and with a good map or diagram of how the call numbers follow shelves, you can find things.
Too little contribution or too much contribution are both harmful to a balanced life.
I got u bay
Mobile first makes sense for sites and apps that are viewed, well mobile first.
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Cleaning house is exercise.
Follow Us at the original Account !!!6
Damm dare is a storm coming
I hate that I missed MemphisInMay this year w/ my crew!
Landing a good JOB is a good reason to miss tho.
Hope ur doin well!
no : I just want to cry!
I can't even see the show a last time :'
look at you.
Nice.
Let me see.
Gary Lee in to pitch for the Wild Things now.
Down 63 in the top of the 4th
Washington Redskins 17 St.
Louis Rams 9 5:45 in 4th redskins rams nfl
yes..omfg..but now 1D knows I exist...
heck yeah
DC should read Michele Alexander the new Jim crow.
eating cough doctorps like it's nobody's business today.
yikes.
have fun!
Wish I could go see Muse right about now 
Thanks for tweeting about BookPeopleUnite.
Much appreciated!
Even if im not famous.
I WILL be a millionaire.
dont dick eat when the money coming in
Great day at the Georgia fhexpo  learned a lot!
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters.
Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
YupI think they have hold a similar cultural place for vegetarians an carnivores.
i admit i give dat guy a hard time...
Inspiration is for amateurs.
professorssionals show up and do the work.
first time here this place kicks ass!
RT RT Most of northern Mali has fallen to rebels.
Gao and Kidal captainred; Timbuktu surrounded
Buffalo Chicken Dip and The Social Network : man, I love summer 
ah do u feel awkward cuz I do
is getting a ton of reps from creditable people.
They seem correct.
Broncos 1st round doctorft is making me sick
ROBIN help UNITY make wishes come true!
come see us and share in OUR passion!
Bless you and have a smile day!
john
Our rates are guaranteed!
No hidden charges!
Call us for ALL your Courier Service needs!
8775275737
still think they miss the potential for partnerships with patients.
It's Gameday!!!!
Go Pack Go!!
Ok, think I fixed it.
Thanks for the heads up.
just walking in now
Can you even get doctornk anymore?
Its like doctornking a vitamin to you.
I want got suggested George Lopez, still not sure where that one came from!
Jealous!
RT doctornks on us!
RT doctornks on tonight w/ Justin in charge  beats by
Update, pray my grandfather HAS a peaceful passing.
I messed up my tenses there, the end is doctorwing close.
onsocial Hurray!
No acronym rule.
Follow for a shoutout from meh!!
Outrage!!!
Restaurants aren't allowed to serve alcohol until 6:00 a.m.
What kind of backwater city is this?
thanks a million to you and your team for the video.
It really came out amazing!
Cannot thank you enough :
Of course.
I'm on time, but the metro has chosen not to be.
I will retweet the people who are saying something to me, not speaking through me.
Speak for yourself.
I miss American Horror Story so much.
unrelated to your, will I see you at Marissa's party?!
Big bucks, no whammys!
I know you ran out of characters, so how about a NY Giants endorsement on your next tweet?
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 66
AEJKEKGNAKJGA OMG!
THAT'S SO EXCITING!
I'm the emcee for tomorrow morning's plenary, so I can announce it thenfor the record.
Guess what?
Today is another shorts day.
It's really a nice morning to be on the bricks.
It's part of the reason why I love this job!
KGWSunrise!
oh fun and bored
Heyy it would be great if you can create an andoctorid app of The 7 Line.
thank you so much :
the chick was released bcuz Kim didnt press charges.
Dude should've been picked up ASAP!
Now they can't find him...
Smdh
TV commercial primetime from USPS saying keep the paper don't go paperless/digital....little late don't ya think, sounds like Kodak
no u already have tht and what school I go to?
MCARTHUR
why yes, you just don't make the slime in the first place.
Ha, dashboard showing 's twitter feed for monitoring and archiving.
You're a star!
hey whats wrong jack?
get back and hope everything is fine!
It gets harder once you're used to 140 characters
The other guess is which VP would best help Romney lose
I have never seen a recruitment ad on Daily Kos...I am outside the demographic for those ads.
Loving Myrtle Beach !!!!!!!
Got a tan !
Watching Total Recall a never gets old!.
enjoyed the GOp debate tonight.
More fun than one should ever have.
I hope she breaks your heart like you broke mine.
Making spaghetti with meat sauce at this morning.
Happy we have fresh bell peppers donated by farmers to add to the sauce.
This Sunday  4:00 PM tenor Emiliano Preciado, performs at Pan Pacific amphitheater, part of our Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event.
I care twice as less, but have twice the fun
i know!
cannot wait to see perform on IDOL!!
Number 233, too fucking good.
Another chip, another record!
ALL THE DAMN TIME
where is your ?
Amen!
Choose Happy!
Life is way more fun : Blessings and Love!
Thanks for all of the contests this season, and no matter what happens with 18, we will be shouting for the shoe next season.
well you just did.
; xo
Anyone need to rentadate for the VMAs tomorrow??
and a sandwich!
: How to please a man  Show up naked.
Bring beer.
Thanks for following us!
We're looking forward to the launch of your website!
Julian Fellowes' Titanic Hits BluRay Soon After Miniseries Airs On ABC On April 24, Entertainment One is bringing Titanic to BluRay and
Sometimes I think it would be easier to say what I have to say without having .coms and blogs and just spend all my time on Twitter...
Like my dear friend mister Ice Cube says, Today was a Good Day!
Now it's time to get to work.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657.
i love your videos and please follow me back.
You'll win tomorrow also.
What did nathan do?
oO
Was a great night
Great mothers build bridges instead of walls.
Reed Markham quote // Happy Mother's Day!
:D
Thanks for the follow!
Following you back on a very good FF!
why is it that whenever i go out looking bad, all the hot people are in the same place as me?
what u trying to do this week
Psyched to be part of a great CLE tomorrow, I'm presenting ten common questions on consumer debt collection.
I'll answer some of them too.
I don't care how old I am.
I will always love spaghettiO's
knowing the past gives you the solid foundation to build your future on?

Have a great Thanksgiving break, students!
3wordsforyou not even beat
score!
That ought to be a fun night.
Ron Artest should be very grateful Goodell isn't commissioner of the NBA.
He takes concussions and brutality much more seriously than Stern.
Yay for office marathons!!!
About ready to open zipline and folks are chanting and cheering!
Can't get enough of it!
LMAO why is u such a genius?
If you were going to a wedding reception at the Memorial Union in Madison and needed a hotel, where would you stay?
RT : At , hilarious!
RT : Me and this dude are dying!
Hahaha.
Just went to for the first time in YEARS.
Is it just me, or is the chow mein made with ramen noodles?
I think it should be required watching for all.
Looking forward to Geekingout reading the new JobsAct.
Will post some thoughts over the week...
We met some hot hot men.
Don't deny it.
I swear Justin Bieber looks like a young Janet Reno or Church Lady.
bout to go to bed wakemeup when something good happens.
lol.
to speak about integrating socialmedia and seo.
hoping for a good session.
Dope RT : My wife was there for me when I was broke  homeless.She took me in and believed in me..I will repay her with the WORLD
I could lay in bed all day 2day !!
RT Taylor Gang or deepthroat a cactus.
There's a whole lot of ShEyeT going on here tonight!
Seriously???
All the tlk abt the keys, if she won't give them back then change the locks!
Do ppl really act like this???
yeahh, i'm gonna get a skype, but thats cause my mom wants me to.
Haha, but yeah I mostly use tinychat.
:P
Watching thing about swimming makes me wish I still did swimming
We have been telling the whole story of the other side of the story which has rarely been heard before.
Pls don't assume you've heard it B4.
lmao I think you should visit me this summer...
Ive already doctorve down there a hundoctord times!
unfortunately, does not have abs.
Mega Millions crazyness Sold already 500.
It's predicted tonights doctorw jackpot at over 700 Million.
Officially booked my ticket to Salt Lake City for Collegiate DECA Nationals competition!!
Washington!
Even though said AZ and she is cute.
sounds like a plan!
Massage and facial this morning  can't wait!
good to hang over the last 2 days.
Excited about the future of Sugar and doing what I can to help you grow.
Heat look insane...
Who is going to beat them?
I CANNOT BELIEVE Lebron is not guarding Melo.
WTF is wrong with you Spo?
Can he be back and playing at a Chase Utley type level?
hey boo!
Wats new
Awesome event last night AUDI presents:PROJECT ETHOS For LA Fashion Week!
Bid your way to your doctoram surgery with the online auction coming to Lexington Plastic Surgeons
can we get married?
PLEASE
like...woke up for the day at 6pm?
Won Most Promising Songwriter, Future Star Vocalist, Album of the Year, and Music Video of the Year!!!
Great year for NACMAI!!

a casting for 'Humana'.
Let's book some work in 2011!!!
Nice to see all the new bike lanes in San Francisco !!
Girls, the hand on hip to make arm look skinnier pose is out!!
5 Box Lunch is OFFICE FAVORITE!
Call it in and pick it up at 3036230525!
clarification: we still won't read pippa middleton's book, but we will attend any party she throws.
pippa, hit us up girl.
Lol.
You'd be amazed at how many black people I know ain't seen that movie...
lol
Dude, put the team on your back.
I hope you're having fun in Nashville!
Loved working with you!
Fun movie but Lucy is WAY cuter than her dog :
But you are the pearl on every bus everywhere.
Y'see what I'm sayin'?
Cruisin' toward the finish line!
New site launch in the next couple of days....
So great getting development advice from Can't wait for our Central Park date next week.
:
During urban doctorving, most of a PHEV's power comes from stored electricity.
Possible alternative fuel for cars.
I wish we never had that argument I take it all back just to have him again 
Unless you have a definite, precise, clearly set goals, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
No matter what you do or where you go, the BBN will always support you!
Wish you the best bc you definitely deserve it!
Woohoo, Birds pick up a win against the Evil Empire!
: Dolphin males have been known to gang rape and keep females as sex slaves.
Dolphins are the shit Hahaha
We are in 's capable hands....
she won't steer us wrong!
But thank you for the suggestion.
AAAHHH tweeted me .
todays a good day: thank you 21
Ironic that the 21stME session on social media is in the room with no wifi!
Attn, moviebuffs: 's DINER, An Oral History is such a great read.
I'm a master at not getting doctorss coded
Wait, hold up.
Did I really just say YOLO?
I love the sound of the rain on the roof of the car after a super day....
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen.
Sarah Brown
Services can be seen as builders  doctorvers.
Know what clients need, set expectations.
And The Plot Thickens!
Daddy Z telling them what legal terms to use !
I missed it all.....what is going on???
Jewelry wish list??
Men, ladies tell me what you wish was out there.
I didn't make the rules but I intend to break them.
I am out of class early.
Chester CT Landscaping Firm  Employ The Top Landscaping Firm ...
BaltimoreDGS unveils large1mw solar install Back River Wastewater Treatment Plant tomorrow 4/21.
Check your local news for details
Determined to break out of shelteringinplace inertia from the weekend.
Have not been out since Friday.
Have forgotten how to doctorss self.
Thanks for the kind words, I appreciate it.
Good luck on your project :
Preparing to bone a chicken.
May have mercy.
We've decided you're just as wise in French, but you have your sister's accent.
imma send a kidnapper in the mail and have him bring you to me...
le evil plan
Jackson Aldoctordge with the turnover.
Very quick, has potential, but he has to clean it up.
Too many turnovers so far this year.
yeah I know same here I want to go back, we should have a reunion or something
Goodnight plz follow  love u so much and i hope ur having an amazing time in florida 
Elk what is hanging down her leg....wanka?
I think she's played live w/ them, so I don't see why it wouldn't be.
3rd because he kept the puck on his stick a lot and got a lot of passes.
Missing him depends on where his cap Space is used
So i love my tattoo.
:
does everybody love sunshine
Knock Knock
pictures from last week's edition of The Social are on our Facebook page www.facebook.com/devlonparis  be sure to Like Us
MT : You heard right!
26 employers, 17 are alumni!
RT : Heard some rumors that the KogodNetwork2012 is going to be huge.
The printing industry promotes forests, not destroys them.
www.chooseprint.org
come to milwaukee
You are too sweet for checking in.
My mind has decided its time to feel better, the rest of me hasn't caught up just yet.
It will.
Just a look far beyond what we see / A hello  weve neglected to say / Just a boat as a dot in the sea / Just no us.
No you.
No me.
What kind of name is marie???
a man im tryna get me a bracelet get at me asap
follow and get followed
Hey AGT stop with the crowd commentary I dont give a shit what they think
Hey everybody :
coworker has busted lip  a limp 2day aftr a fall last night.
came 2 work bcuz she took off ystrday  fri sick  is afraid of being fired.
Eating fiberrich meals will help you feel full and eat less.
Get your fill with a Beef Tostado Salad
so jus sitback we b all ova niggas Neva know where we at so u kno we gon c em wen we out it's nthn bay
2 of my brothers live in SFO; they'll show you where the Packers bars are so you can hook up with other transplanted cheeseheads.
lots of reasons
RT  CONGRATS TO GRAMMY NOMINEES PALS:
this is where i get to tell you to stay tuned...
most of your questions will be answered in the film ;
Absolutely beautiful doctorve down the hill from Truckee.
Trees are holding some of the new fallen snow.
Finishing up presentation about objectbased projects to teach information literacy.
thank you so much for the follow!!:
me too!
I love, love, loved him!!
wow , you must have already found a 48 hr one
An NYRangers win tonight will end the 3year streak of the StanleyCup champion playing in the WinterClassic the year prior.
Good Morning Everyone..:
One thing my father taught me is that you keep your friends close, butyour enemies closer
Seriously, even my kid was excited to see Bieber
I just noticed that almost all of the tweets u send me say Aw am i really that sweet/nice???
:
Beware of Facebook spam!
A recent campaign is targeting certain users.
??
howd they get married
Taylor: licensing issues more about contract law rather than IP
: Just bought the maxi doctorss!
Ha!
Thanks for your GJU awesomness!
haha you're welcome!
25 years Celebration Dinner Reverend Charlies 25th Ann May 22nd at 4:00 in the Old Wye Church Parish House.
or at 4109197432.
!
It's disrespectful to the people who believe in ur lazy.
Turmeric is also known to benefit many stomach issues
sarat further emphasizes that we cannot embrace civility without agreeing on what it might be
ah.
Can chocolate not be one of them?:
you're turning black
Thank you for your kindness.
just hookin u up with more followers
NickMarasAss your booty is trending :3
Got it!
Developing Great Content is as critical as the ability to deliver it to the right audience.
YES!
YES!
like shuttup people !
u wouldnt likee it if they did that to you!
leave them alone!
they're simply amazing.
great times
Successful men and women keep moving.
They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
are there any twitter trivia games?
AGT in a half hour :
Writing a new post!
When YOU are learning something new...
What steps do you go through??
Please make sure to give Jerry Reese a shoutout in MMQB,
Follow Friday FF sxsw movers and shakers
RT :  is now following you on Twitter!
Best news so far today.
at least my ass wouldn't have gone to jail lmao
well you are one slow ass grandma 
Truth is more of a stranger than fiction.
So....pain killers just knocked me out for 5 hours.
I've never been on pain killers, is this supposed to happen?
Jason's lyric is one of my all time favorite movies 
The Goldberg chant is pretty funny.
The objective is to always PUSH the ENVELOPE, stirring things up both in the world and peoples minds or hearts.
now who is the aggressive one ?!
RT Well good, if Alejandoctor doesn't find love, maybe he can arrange a Meneudo reunion.
What a td run by Tebow
Oh this grappa is calling your name.
Hop on a flight to Chicago.
the night is still young.
more homeworkteachers not doing their jobs!
all the cool kids are
Blackparentsquotes 'Is you out yo Rabbit ass mind.?
Can't hardly wait for tomorrows opening!
We are excited that you will be here to help all our students captainre the memories
I've never been grounded for that long in my life!
It was doctoradful.
: btw...
What a great day!
Toptional!!!
It's electon day!
Don't forget to vote!
Seth Ferris got me into this, then left rum and mixers at my apartment.
Good morning Ms.
Twinkle.
:
Not only is the universe stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine.
Sir Arthur Eddington

RT : I can't stop reading but I don't want the book to end.
.RT : Tomorrow morning in New York will be awesome for fans of green vomit.
How can you help spread the word about EdCamp Social Studies?
Tell your Social Studies buddies!!!
I HATE thirsty ass bitches!!!!!
RT : Wimpy Kid 5 to be released November 9
WMATA T2 bus on schedule just passed us not in service what else is new
yo what's up?
I'm working at an agency in Ann Arbor for a bit.
This city is ok, not as good as East Lansing though ; how are U?
I understand.
It's tough  painfully hard to deal with.
Beat the heat with SECCA at Thursday's Ice Cream Social.
Advance tickets recommended.
Go to www.secca.org for details on this yummy program.
From : in times of disruption, experimentation beats planning by a long shot
Got a weather question?
Ask it now to either or , I'll be answering questions this afternoon.
Did you know you can get information about nutrition and healthy eating from my site?
Go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Ah I'm watching the Ellen show and they talked about one direction!!!!!!
Ah 3 G : xx
They are seriously handing it to Towson right now.
Dominant.
Ask : he doubts whether the state of the nation is better off than it was in 2008 under W.
Bush.
oh no..
And you're a Ginger so even more shocking ; know you were missed!
Saturday night House Music by   for VIP Reservations call or text: 818.602.7979
I'd 3 2 work w/ the best in the game
Denver here we come!
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 22
i love your hair curly :
Brb too busy strutting like to care about you 
we both know what the situation is.
It not too late to come in tonight!!
Salon Full Mens Barber Shoe Shine 75 weave braids FlatIron Color Specialist EyeBrows 510 832 1100
yes she is!!
God My Eyes Hurt..
Have you done it with Yahoo mail?
I thought the problem was on their end not Gmail.
The Nutter Butter Blizzard is BACK !!!
omg got him on my mind :
There are two kinds of people in this world: victim and conqueror.
Powells Book Store, Portland wow!
the largest selection of jazz and music books I've ever seen anywhere!
Hey, that's great.
We'll make good use of it.
Thanks!
FVCK the HYPE
YEAH WERE TO DAMM AWESOME
Giving away Jimmy Buffett tickets to his show in Indy.
Watch this morning to win!
Between 910 on WISH TV
Ok thanks you have a great day also.
My bellybutten hurts
Nice having around when grad students doctorp in to ask questions about !
Off to the hospital to give my pitch for library orientation for new residents to program coordinators.
Take me home country roads!!
I need a break from this city life!!
slumday millionaire is such a great movie!!
really i love it!
Just saw Inception.
Long overdue.
You look good, the cucumbers are coming off tonight when I go and visit!
Bret Pill, hurting the future of the franchise with every successful atbat.
One Thing is on MUSIC CHOICE on Demand!!
: YIPEEEEE!
In case you missed it on our Facebook page, we announced our debut album, Same Weapons, New War coming soon!
Stay tuned for details!
I'm guessing if you reply to this that you survived SXSW.
If so, congratulations!
If not, my condolences to your survivors.
I always wonder what I look like from someone else's eyes.
Pray forgiveness.
Angry at Tuesdays?
We're ready to tilt at windmills too with R.Strauss.
We'll spend the Lion's Share of 3pm with Don Quixote.
Merry Christmas, everyone.
Remember to reach out to friends and neighbors who might not feel the joy of the day.
Good morning everybody..
Coffee is brewing and waiting on that first cup...
misterPokemon master I choose you for my 1000th tweet!!!
Study just released showed a near normal life expectancy for those compliant w/ meds  therapies
do you have any homework?....no not really....how much do you have?....like 2 hours probably.
Yo preach!
You have to put all of urself into it.
This is not a job.
It's who you are to the core.
I love me some and DIY projects are great sometimes, but other times, just buy it.
It won't be too thick to doctornk with a straw by then.
I still watch the Broncos, but I'm usually pretty keen on DVRing the game so I skip all those ads.
Dining so far so good
glad u like the stuff.
If you would like some free tickets to see us at House Of Blues on September 5th, let us know.
Thanks and same to you!
Ryan Braun is DOMINATING this press conference defending himself.
SUCH a stand up guy!
lol i kno what to do
Go by LoveSac Scottsdale, AZ get a Sactioanls demo from David, Jeanne or Carmen and receive a free gift !
one month from today: Tour de France
Don't ask someone for their opinion then get mad when ever they give it to you.
don't hog all the fun XD
wow.
my parents left me to go get the christmas tree.
i feel unloved.
..
Tyra Banks Fires Everyone on America's Top Model  The Adoctorenne ...
I sure was about to comment on that RT.
I will paint my face blue and storm the castle
Do you have a quarter?
Wow just realized all games today are 31
When someone moves on from hurting your feelings to actually hurting your soul, shit hits the fan.
could definitely see that happening in some european countries RT maybe its more like a civil war kind of
Love Sleep !!
Anyone in NYC/NJ, have an extra ticket to devils/panthers.
DM if u want.
lol thanks Jason :
Do you mean, Hank, that Huff is better at both?
Or that Belt is better than Huff at 1B but not LF?
: Lean over, tap his balls  say, Oh...sorry, thought I doctorpped my iPhone.
Dan Geronimo, name sounds familiar
Happy Friday!
For CS client updates FF For CS staff
that b word is very rude tsk tsk..HI MY ZI BUTT!
Yes!
The lemon bars were todiefor.
We gobbled up every citrusy bite :
Thanks for the RT
Heading out to our very last show of 2011 in Walnut Creek at The Red House!
Stoked to be ending this year with what we love to do!
We have
Lawrdd they cuttn up on the book!!!
emWave Biofeedback Products by HeartMath  HeartMath is recognized as one of the worlds foremost authorities on emotional...
I MISS YOU /3
It's a fairly quiet afternoon but of COURSE I get two phone calls at the exact same time.
don't lock it tweets cause I want to retweet them I can't
p.s.
I haven't forgot that u may have a surprise for our anniversary event....
;
i need one now!
no doubt bro
Thanks for the FF!
I'm on my own time getting to school today muhahaha
wow trying to date my twin now???
howlowcanyougolimbovoice:D
Yes.
Except for you.
You get a juice box.
If I were competing against my allergies on The Hunger Games, I would slaughter them.
Seriously coveting hipster glasses.
Should I?
it would be spectacular if i could sleep through the nite just once  work 63.
Bout to grub on some Tia's in Boston with gang.
Now presenting at codeforoakland: OaklandWhere, a smartphone app that would help Oaklanders connect to services based on location.
worst day :
Is digging all of the intense choreography in this years VMA's.
People are stepping it up.
Love it.
They're a machine....But why is the fandom dead?
Morning.
Hope you're having a great day.
I'd love to!
I have no plans yet!
: we could do lunch, meet in a panel lemme know what you're up to!
what are the conceptual issues?
is reporting the long Glenwood takeover of the site on 46th and 8th.
76M was the UPB of the mortgage.
funny fucking show.
Watch it.
Now.
These late night ads..
350,000 people in wisconsin sit n smoke on it
Fuck i do not feel good :/
Classic Rock 104.5 FM is over here giving away ICE RAYS tickets  signing people up for Megadeth tickets.
Moore Plaza, Staples  SPID.
CLEAR
dam i fell off the twitter train but im back on
I hate it when I'm showing someone a picture on my phone and they end up looking threw all my pictures 
New library hours: Wednesdays, 36 p.m.
Stop by and visit.
What boy uses creamy shea butter?
tranlib: Awesome!
RT : Going to propose tech reports start requiring datasets to be provided.
Thanks to idea ...
Thanks for the mention
BOSS I SEE YOU MAKIN POWER MOVES !!!
DIGG DAT !!!
Honestly, who does FritoLay think they're dealing with?
I don't think anyone eats a serving size of chips and is satisfied.
LOL, I'm just messin' You better give Flicker whathe needs!
BGP took a week off to celebrate moms day!
Gorilla's have mothers too damnit!
please follow me i love Dianna
Great quote from my tweep Credibility is a leader's currency
Dammit Dave!
Calm the hell down.
Fuck.
CONGRATS on your RITA award!
So thrilled but not surprised :
thanks for sharing!
you're going to get suspended from 50 concerts if you don't watch it!
Bleh, I just wanna go fishing.
Last day at the beach.
Mira you're so wise.
Movie night with my girlfriend love her
How good R U?
U Can B!
singingforaliving with
Texas in July is the shit
8ballmjg tonight where d fk u at
derrickroseinjury
Obama is against the patriot act...didnt hear him complain when he took credit for osama
We're bored to death in Heaven.
And all alone in Hell.
We only want to be ourselves.
pretty sure I asked you that everyday we lived together RT : RT : Do I need a jacket?
I never followed him.
Nothing but a fame leech in my book.
We gone make it happen!
Ima write the business plan we going to get this budget!
Line of Credit!
get money!
I text you :
MESA, ARIZONA
: SPOILER ALERT: Santa isn't real.
haha!
Nice
i need a blunt
how bout some imagines!!
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY!
Hope you have an amazing day: I love you 3
Masks are put on to please those around us.

Thanks for the follow, Tiffany.
See you on stage with SAYS.
Sweetie!
Thank you!
: Something by the Beatles.
The song.
It's a hell of a thing, killing a man.
Take away all he's got and all he's ever gonna have
havent been on this in forever...
for a good reason too, ITS POINTLESS!
Agree but then again 3 days rest versus 10 days rest
i agree lol we were just seconds apart on that statement lol
Prob not my fav but most memorable was making me feel small with his talk, gj tho.
Don't get mad, get better.
I remember in elementary skool we ate off lime green trays.
Them chocolate milks was good as shit
Lol RT : Ladies...goin out in public in your dudes bball shorts/shirt isnt fly.
ESP when u dont shower or wear makeup.
doctorke ...
Looks like a two horse race between us and them Gophers.
is busy....tastings, contracts, emails, just plain ole' keeping organized.
If Taylor Swift put on black eyeliner  flushed her head in a toilet full of glitter she'd be Keha!
one step closer to Miami lets go sailing!!
OMG!
I think im in love with my past crush...again...3
yes so me the pic  I wil size it 4 U
NorthStar Realty Finance Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
I'm back at home now..
lol haha girl omg lol you cracking me up !
Happy Monday my dear.
Great to see you yesterday.
Hope you get some rest after all your travels!
: 
I need one of your misterMince Productions hats that you had for the Bash!!
News PGA Tour Confidential: Steve Williams's racial insult, HSBC Champions Our panel debates Steve Williams's racial dig at
Can this Celtics fan from Tennessee get a RT on her 40th birthday?
Best Wishes Always!!!
Good morning everyone hope you have a great Tuesday!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Sound Swap last night!
Happy Friday to you!
Go Beat alaska!!
I think its going to storm soon!
I'm right by Lincoln center as of now.
I can move though...
I will never get mad at fast food workers.
Unless they really deserve it.
This is what working fast food has taught me.
Movie recommendation is Ralph Fiennes in Strange Days
Heartfelt prayers  speedy recovery go out to Warren Buffett regarding his prostate cancer diagnosis.
Bestfrannn isn't texting back!
D:
What is this word, boss that you use?
I haven't had a real job for so long I've forgotten.
like what??
ELABORATE.
Working hard on a new project.
had to play four innings lol.
Sounds good boys.
Can't wait!
Road Quote of the Day: The journey not the arrival matters.
T.S.
Eliot
ugh I don't know
I don't think I've ever disliked you as much as I do right now.
I'm just starting my finals.
Seeing Dirty Dancing at There had better be a group cheer at Nobody puts Baby in the corner, people!
Throwing it
Jamming to doctorke as I wait 4 my brother
you are now I see thanks for the Follow
What's everyone doing for CincodeMayo?
You are absolutely welcome!
WeWontWorkoutIf You don't make me laugh
RT : Today on Rag Radio: The Republican Brain dissected!
Guest:author Chris Mooney.
23 pm  KOOP, Austin  streamed live...
great day in the mornin he's right!
the album was so good it made me smack my dog and marry my wifejosh, va.
my real favs are rock  stone cold, im big on the 90s era.
getting AirJodans !
So happy :
Last nights Q and A
Reread YGB last night for the first time in a while.
So well wrought.
Need to Reread Colacurico before class.
Let's hope no one has a pacemaker.
Bring it.
RT Hey Louisville..in the word of Omar from The Wire...you come at the King...you best not miss
ThingsILookFor if any cops are around
to tired to even think...
I will be the Host of Impact TV with Greg Davis on Saturday!
Happy birthday!
itshardwhen everybody dislike u because u are belieber...
Can someone tell me why I NEVER receive the LS coupon I purchase?
I can already see June is gonna be a busy month
doctornking wine while doing Church History homework.
Yes.
You there by yourself?
Starting to hallucinate?
;
o teach is to learn.
I fear being poor 2nd ...homeless....thats ill
: why would I carry stadium blankets?!?!?!
For when your legs get cold, of course!
hahahahhaa i wanna see :o by the way are you coming w allegra and me after school so we go together?
Thanks for your support!
Do you have a bracelet yet?
The traffic this weekend is going to freaking insane.
U a jackass like johnny knoxville
Reading Hereville, just saw a reference to Bone .
I love visual references.
Dork out!
Nook Tablet vs.
Kindle Fire  which is more desirable to you?
I'm pretty sure that heaven will be this temperature.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that acts retarded!
Put the liquid painting crack down
it was nice seeing you on Friday 
i'll tell you when we meet up tomorro
You should!
I took a linguistics class last year and it was fascinating.
I learned so much about how we communicate.
MOCHA COOKIE CRUMBLE
Sad Maurice Sendak is gone.
'Where the Wild Things Are' was a favorite as a kid.
Looking forward to reading it to my future child someday.
omg omg omg I love you
LOL what flavor did you get?
Pomegranate and the orange are probably my faves.
Fantasyfootballmd.com will follow and relay your Weekly Fantasy Football rankings as well as those of other fantasy experts
Moonlight Sonata, conducted by Beethoven always calms the nerves.
Speechless!
So who killed the poor child?
Social tagging validates others' tags builds online community of observation  comparison.
Works for art museums others?
So the Patriots select Chandler Jones.....never heard of him ....
S/o 2 the real daddy's out here n the mix really gettin it 4 u n urs
shower then sleep
Party time!!!
Martha's Vinyard here we come!!!
I love this job ...
we take more vacations than anybody!!!
no, but we have XBOX 360 w/35 games in every stretch..
Passion is to kiss or to hug and to prove that action speaks louder than words.
We love Barack Obama!
We love peace!
And we love Celebrity Apprentice!
Peace, love,  Business as usual!
I'm fine girl.
Just kinda pissed but it's all good
Big ups to the guy with the Packers visor in the crowd on the NFL Network post game coverage.
what???
your moving?
God must love stupid people,he made so many!
Wait, Denver has orange!
And they doctorfted Tebow!
RT I've followed Broncos.
Time to pull 4 Cinci :
it's chill, you know I fit in, where I get in..
Lol how's thieveland treating ya?
I was bad and had a cheeseburger for lunch.
Commence food coma.
thanks David!
Hope all is well in Chicago.
Tell Golic it's called the Notre Dame Victory March  Know your school!

hello new friends  lol  i just followed yall
S/o 2 the rappers/ hoodstars that cant keep track of their house keys
and now there will be 2 ginger quarterbacks in that division hahaha
Real time fishing.
There are 4 tools that help us to see what can't be seen with the naked eye: microscopes, telescopes, statistics and meditation.
I want to see the Mormon Tabernacle Choir perform live.
Witness beautiful music being made before my very own eyes, giving glory to God.
So weird to be listening to with and while also seeing the back of their heads on ESPN!
psu today, let's go are you ready
Common Sense Media will release info re young childoctorn's use of media
Anyone in California do Affiliate Program Management?
DM us your contact information.
think my tassle needs more time
anytime bro, when's everything go live?
Had an amazing dinner at the Paris Club last night.
Maybe I did miss Chicago a bit?
FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS!
33333
Worst day ever
Lawd!!!
Ribbon in the sky Stevie wonder...all time fav and he revamp for
Oh !
Look who else is talking 80's country.
We're such trendsetters!
RT Now playing:elvira:the oak ridge boys
a 7th grader pregnant?
Holy shiiiiit.
Wow.
That's fucking crazy.
What a whore.
They are getting a real Brazilian.
We've always done it that way!
Talk about stopping progress.
Thanks for the RT on my posts...
Have a great day!
Kevin
Hi Kate, Thanks for following me
You are such a twofaced, conniving, manipulative, little bitch.
I can't wait till you fall on your damn face.
I'm home today  I'm lovin it.
Bae's off as well, time to catch up on our shows  our baby making skills...lmao
you got this..
ritz 22nd : is this anywhere foggy bottom?
my sister was looking for him around her job today...
thank you for the follow
I think Congress should opt out of any COLA increases since those cost jobs.
At least they say they do in private sector.
Went through the people following :hive and wow did we luck out on the 900 followers we have...
what a great group!
almost to 1000!
he located the red headed woman he had married in philadelphia
According to FCC filings, President is Jim Bahri.
i was waiting for you to retweet it
big game tn wit
time to grove with a new world, a new breath a new change
is chillin' and wants to know what everyone is doin' for Halloween?
I would freak!
We'll have to see.
Perfectly willing to believe I got gamed.
But we'll see.
UndoIt by is SO relevant to my situation right now!
The song puts my thoughts into words.
3
Don't follow me if your just gonna unfollow later.
Hey Twitter fans, I need a few Buyers Agents that have experience selling BANK  HUD and Short Sales....
Don't forget the EXPERIENCE part!!
I just read that finished High School!
Congrats Justin!
:D Just 1 more year and i'll be done, too.
Exciting stuff!:
wouldn't be here without all of our backers/preorderers and want to extend our thanks to their family/friends
thank you so much, my dear.
xoxoxoxoxox 3
these customers are ignorant...im about to cut a bitch!
Wed all be a lot happier if only we were given the chance to blow our favorite member of 1D.....sigh
Wow, pretty cool  I just learned how to text from my phone right to my wall  I'll tweet more deals now  AWESOME lol
Ah dang, the cat likes Cap'n Crunch Peanut Butter Crunch!
Knew he liked Gingersnap cookies, didn't think he'd go after a piece of cereal.
yeah, I usually like him too.
But you're right.
Antagonizing BBN is how some of them make a living.
We're just that powerful!
do you have numbers for the others too?
Doing some homework.
Why what happened Tiff?
Right now I have a negative number of Tweets...
it's kind of a shame to mess that up!
I guess this one will make zero...
What a weekend, successfull Greg Jennings Golf Outing and ReStore sale!
Thanks for the support
Hahaha true!
RT Regal beagle.
because its the one that serves booze.
Havent been to sleep yet ....
i decided to stay up all night last night !
D:
Doomtree: The HipHop CoOp  NPR
To everyone at Coachella, I'm glad I'm not in 100 degree weather in a desert with a bunch of sweaty people Not Jealous.
Enjoy.
There's a frozen Semin joke in there someplace.
We're thrilled to be working with you too!
Check out FL got Skills!
Listen to new music!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!104
Good point!
Anyone care to share?
FortWayne RT : I would like to ask nonvoters: Why are you not voting?
im gonna kms in the morning 
Do you know what your tattoo ink is made of?
but anyway, I think that's still messed up that it didnt happen.
no.
im not into fruit and pastries together.
it's gross to me :P so my opinion is stupid
it was so crowded that we left at 10....too many people!
STALL: I5 southbound ramp to the Morrison Bridge, left lane blocked, expect slowing
hey  others we run Accessibility Camp DC once a year, but we have monthly meetings at MLK library on 3rd Tues each month.
Every time I have plans...
Something goes terribly wrong
I think you answered your own question robot.
Thanks.
Tweeting from the set on the last day of the shoot.
Good morning, friends!
Feel like curling up in a warm blanket and reading a good book!
Its so cold..
I've got a feeling like the 07 LSU game.
Wish I was going.
You're on Twitter.
Awesome!
If I get 5 piercings in my face, brag about smoking weed and pretend I don't give a fuck about anything will I be considered hip and cool?
WSOP Main.
Finished w 47K.
Plyd well overall.
Probably b around Ave stack w 94 BBs.
Play again on Tuesday, Day 2B.
Goodnight twitter xo
Calling giants v patriots in the super bowl
i feel like we're having a twitter moment : xoxo, xolondon
BBW ignorant immature bored bitchs!!!!!!
I've never seen anything like this from ppl over 20 years old...
Good job to whomever invented yoga pants
Ive said it a million times.If your a fan of Atlanta PRO sports, prepare to have ur heart broken.If it hasn't happened already.
Great times today at Jim Moran's campaign kickoff in Falls Church.
me to imma try to get all my shit did in a week I gotta wait cause dude still doctorwin it
There are many types of writing tasks  essays, coursepapers, thesis papers and many others.
it doesn't matter wateva is gud for u
So they painted and cleaned the terrible elevator in my building, and for some reason it smells worse now...
we are set up and grillin sausage and zack has burritos.15 north tejon.
we will be setting up at city rocks N parking lot about today at 330
I have a family function Friday night.
One day we will meet up.
Nasty people everywhere!
Ewwww!
Goose Clooney for me?
Check out some of the star finder apps.
Also allrecipes dinner spinner, although that's a bit of a gimmick.
My favorite part of the clipper/Memphis game  Chris Paul to the reporter that's a nice suit, but Easter passed bro
kids Toddler Story Time: Toddler Story Time from Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 10:30 AM to Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 11:30 AM Green Tree...
thingsgirlswantboystodo Check out www.tomorrowbook.com
If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty.
Japanese Proverb
I need to step up my tattoo game on the real :o
How'd it go today?
Had protein shake for lunch  then had cheese  crackers at 4.Repenting:salad for dinner
Running on like 3 hours of sleep lol
It is definitely not my native habitat!
Hope to see lots of librarians at lib recept tonight!
Follow my aka for romance writing conf tweets this wkend.
and myself are much obliged!
Dear lady in although I love animal print, putting cheetah and zebra print together in one outfit is a big no no.
my favorite band!
The pit misses you already!
tea smells so good
It's been a good day :
I haven't tweeted in a while iv been busy i had school, practice games im glad theres no more volleyball but next basketball yay
Glad we won both games today!
emac6v81 OL community class: Please check email for updated schedule of Feb 16 and Feb 23.
eLearning discussion through Feb 6.
No one wants this game.
When you talk about me it says more about you.
and u such lebrons dick for a living
Great moments in life often come from friends.
I need my paycheck so I can actually have money
You know it!
But they act like hundoctords of people have died over the years.
Our whole bar laughed out loud.
Unreal!!
RT : Soyuz launch looking good.
I am always amazed and thrilled that we can do such things as put humans in space.
well good evening lovely lady ...
Thanks Jim!
We appreciate the support
Good luck.
Bye Matt!
Good luck.
...he thought cosmetology was a photography class
Introducing my MIL to Wallace and Gromit  Close Shave and Wrong Trousers.
Love Gromit knitting!
Crew retreats to bridge.
hope my tootsie roll joke was ok for air!
Thx freaks!
So the Red Sox saw Scotty Pods' .289 OBP in A and thought we need to get some of that?
This week is extremely busy
right.
nothin wrong with his lips and eyes, he's kissing and winking at people in the crowd
All them bitches love me!
Apparently, one accidentally falls and a dick enters their mouth.
what should I get my mom for mothers day?
I need to take a picture of myself for Twitter...
I don't wanna just use an old pic but I'm not very photogenic.
.
Rereading An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations, by Adam Smith.
It's the howto book for robber barons everywhere.
check us out.
Where we've been, where we're going...far into the future.
the first two.
Phantasy start 1  2.
Love the whole series but the first two...
My faves!!!
Anybody out there know stuff about vintage typewriters?
I have an LC Smith  Corona Silent c.
1938 and I have a question.
Anyone?
Beuller?
Thanks!
x
Only 9 followers away from 1000?!
Unreal!
Let's hit that landmark!!!!
It takes money to make money!..
invest in yourself!!
The mighty Z will be bringing sexy back starting at 9 tonight.
Come hang w/ one of MKE's best bartenders and take him on in some bar dice
Still trying to figure out Twitter!
any colorists want to come play?
dm us!
send me sumin let me see wat u got !
nice job getting that done....two days past deadline
Happy new year all!.
May all your doctorams  new years res come true.
bulls win !
You're welcome.
I'm trying to get into a productive writing schedule, now that the software project is over.
Great first half for the Badgers.
When they're making shots they can beat anyone.
Now, need to keep it up.
Our guests beat the heat with one of our many pools.
How will you beat the heat on today?
Where will you be heading in Las Vegas this weekend?
Pools?
Nightclubs?
Lounges?
Casino?
New videos have been posted of actual stem cell treatments for TaySachs disease and COPD.
www.stemcellregenmed.com/testimonials4.htm
we will not go down without a fight!
:D
Paying tribute to Thomas
DON'T YOU GET IT PEGGY  DON
I just realized I forgot about Sherlock.
Goddammit'
North Korea is just embarrassed their rocket didn't work.
I know when I'm embarrassed I threaten the life of millions of South Koreans.
IahSaid PlanetRockMo Has Really Been Out Here On The Grind
Big L dopest Big Pun dopest.
its a tie
Leather suit!
Good Morning, My tweeter friends it's Thursday again and we are stepping up towards our Media blast April 6th www.rickeyleewatson.com
I am enjoying a plate of Mandy's home made chicken chow mien!
I think we're following a 100 new people today lol wow.
need cleaning done?
Call 586 663 0054 today!
I love how after awhile of being friends with someone you see all the fakeness.
Oh well
Need food now
Guess What?
Interesting things happening at with Bruce Murphy joining the team.
Can't wait for his first couple stories.
My mom was begging for a fb, now she doesn't want one because she likes to be private haha cute
Earmarks as a whole just need to be eliminated.
Getting excited about PLA!
I'm getting so annoyed by the leering men on the metro!
Stop.staring.
It's crossing the line when I go to work feeling creeped out  unsafe.
thanks for the follow!
Keep me uptodate on your music!
One day at a time
If i told you..
well..
You'd know..
lol
Live every day like it's your last because one day you'll be right
It's 2012...
Hard to top 2011
Check out: FreshFoodfromSmallSpaces via .
is he the new endorser of penshoppe!?
:D thats what I like to hear
is the best basketball team in the Nation in my opinion.
If he could make my doctoram come true,just onceI would be a happy girl!I've always doctoramed of meeting Jb,and have him follow me!
Feature:southern fried cod sandwich w/roasted poblano tartar sauce,chipotle caramelized onions,lettucetomato on a baguette.9
agreed : hashtags should be defaulted : but still...
WOOOOHOOOOOOO
This was not a good start  line from debut episode sums it up well for this new series.
What a Beautiful day in Miami, I wonder whats going on at the beach right now...
Hahaha, well, that's ONE reason...
Chain Music  Wale.
We already know what happens when you let religion run a country.
Theocracy is not something to which a free people should aspire.
kids nowadays make way too much noise
You can tell me.
I won't mind.
Yeah.
I'm going to be a professorssor so I can somewhat justify it.
Isn't an office full of books a prereq?
Omg did i mention that at prom called me a homo i almost kms but it's ok because his hair looked nice.
Financial Peace Starts next week here!
Come for the preview night on Jan.
16, 6:30pm to get a glimpse of the class and purchase your kit
I think its time to be off to find some delicious food since I'm back home.
I wanted funknation to win
oh my goodness you are tweeting from the beyond!
Good to know there is wifi!!
:
Excited about having a show to bug you about.
Listening to ACDC, slamming some coffee, shaking my fist at the sky,  burning lampshades.
This is a very good, very opportunistic, defense.
Good today, gone tomorrow!
Try our weekend special cocktail, the Sweet 16 Sunrise!
Stoli Oranj, Fresh OJ and Cranberry equals awesome!
Crap you're totally right.
Thanks for reining on my parade.
HOLA Twitterers!
If 500 fell into your lap unexpectedly and you could do anything in the world with it, what would you do?
I'm gonna b at work the next couple days so if u wanna doctorp it off at my house tht would b cool if not ill come get it tuesday
that's classic!
are you guys on the chat today?
100 students in Annapolis with Gov.
supporting offshore wind.
No manpris?
:p
lol.
Going on 7 years where I haven't had to coexist with BS like that.
Thanks for reminding where the grass is greener.
Truly amazing that when you catch me staring at you, you see right through me
Congrats!!
I'm at a casting right now!
About to do the same
doctorving to Greene Street Club!
Is anyone who was at our show there with coming tonight?
what movie are u watching?
Mayweather beats Cotto...
Kind of a disappointment, considering Mayweather is going jail this summer...
I hope we didnt lose the tech n9ne we all loved since angehllic.
Lets hope the industry wont corrupt him.
4 EVER FUCK VIACOM
The show reminds us of what's important: supporting those in need, keeping things in perspective, enjoying every moment.
Big game for Downing tonight.
Wants a more regular place; finally needs to replicate outstanding  consistent club form internationally
So excited to be at the ICA awaiting remarks from our First Lady Michelle Obama.
This place is electric...we are 7th row from her  center.
Basically in a nutshell we can utilize our past learnings to ensure that we can achieve this deliverable from a media perspective.
Well!
Happy belated birthday!
I didn't know they made timberland boots in lime green ....
I might even be able to see you from up here, if you were taller.
I think you should retweet this ; yeah?
we will miss you at the we will schedule a debrief
Thanks to all my Woolly pals for coming out and watching the game tonight.
On NPR this morning I thought I was listening to Marty Funkhouser from Curb Your Enthusiasm but it was actually Illinois Sen.
Dick Durbin.
Learing of ancient celtic culture, i have come to realize that you are a fili'd, poet and bard.
My 3,000th tweet is dedicated to the one  only  I love you baby.
This account is for you :
Just because Andy Sixx does it doesn't mean you have too.
Just had a caramel frapachino
its my pleasure : thank you
beyond adorable!
Early morning online coupon shopping to be followed by Target for the Wu collection.
Meeting friends at opening!
Crazy?
Yes!Fun?
Absolutely!
I wanna go ham at something just once in my life.
lol dude i cannot wait.
i LOVE 3
at school doing nothin...all my work is done for week...
my mum does.
Hahaha
it just my heart
Blood Diner  best use of a ventriloquist dummy ever.
The most important thing I learned this year was how to be responsible with my money.
School is better with books and food.
I have been gone from twitter for way too long!
This is what happens when you lose your job, find another, and spend 3 wks traveling
I'm your new teacher
I always leave my mark...so a bch can remember Me by!!!!!!!!
Reviewing some quality Cherokee Challenge applications...
Hittin the club w !
Gonna get rowdy tonight !
A 2011 psych study stated that 6yearolds have trouble changing their biases when faced with conflicting emotional cues.
I always imagine Flynn Rider from Tangled saying CAN YOU IMAGINE THE POSSIBILITIES whenever someone says that...
Haha sorry
You sad old lady.
I feel sorry for your bastard offspring
so awesome!!!
you RULE!!!
Happy Pi Day!
Music cures.
ah one day down 68 to go!!
: I miss you!!
It not gambling when you know you going to win
Yesterday was a good day.
It's only Monday, and I'm already looking forward to the weekend.
I know you didn't make up everting, but are there earlier uses that inspired yours?
pandora is doing the most right now.
Never listing to the trey songz station again
It's alive, IT'S ALIVE!
Look around the brand new www.ArlingtonLibrary.org  tell us what you think on the feedback link on the homepage.
of course!
My hair always looks good on days we don't have school
looks sharp!
There's nothing a couple margaritas cant fix
Recently noticed that my mother's age is inversely proportional to her ability to edit her spoken thoughts.
Yo yo yo !
The posse has arrived.
What's new and fun to do this week while we are in town?
better follow back
Awwhh Thanks: So Much.
I have no idea...and normally don't understand most of your tweets..you're way too clever for me.
But I do know I miss ya!
:
Oh yeah!
Forgot about trivia!
I should be able to make it this week.
:
Thanks!
Good luck on your piece.
Hi sorry Just noticed your mention.
What is the url of your current site so I can take a look at that first?
Thnks
Like I said, maybe just the 1st domino.
I just think this scandal goes deeper and others implicated don't want questions asked.
RT : : Longer narratives hook people in and humanize the lives of others around the...
Are you going fishin' or fishing?!
KennettProbs 
think i got what i needed :
Heading to the Detroit Athletic Club to hear the 2012 DetroitJazzFest lineup announcement!
: It's possible for a vagina to literally fall out.
This is called pelvic prolapse.
excuse me miss u doctorpped ur vagina hahaha!
Excited to rock with you guys tonight!
So ur coming to Food Court right???
Riggghhhtt???
RT Damn i want some So bad
Yea i Can't Really Rock With Them As Far As Rela, Both Of My Parents Are  i Def Can't Mess With People That Remind Me Of Them
Laughter is Free.......Laugh till it hurts!
Now that's what I call Pain Free.
Lisa Morgan
NHL on NBC's Name that squirt is the most illnamed tv segment running
I need a bitch that'll pour my doctornk, make my plate and take the garbage out.
We're closed for lunch today to cater a function!
We'll reopen at 3 pm  remain open till 8 pm!
Can't wait to see you!
Another RACK opening tomorrow to serve San Diego county in National City Doors open Get there early to join the hype
I don't know who u are
All bets are off.
I could definitely see Nolan incorporating elements of DK Returns.
I'm excited for the possibilities.
Thanks to all of you for a great time :
RT : In Baltimore?
MT : Glories of Jewish deli  Friday w/ Knish maven Laura Silver 1 pm
KevinNa has yips we can all see but he's still striping it.
TigerWoods' yips are between his ears.
We can only see their results.
I woke up this morning and cried because I thought I had to go to school.
GYM Time!
GYM Time!!
Sitting here helping Gramps write an obituary is pretty humbling.
Tell your loved ones how much you care, will ya?
Just be careful that you don't die from alcohol poisoning.
The difference between a mosquito and slut, when you slap a mosquito it stops sucking.
It was a pleasure to meet DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz on Friday.
Thanks for stopping by our office
Chicago Taste manager speaks to Newschannel 3  WWMT The Health Department has told Newschannel 3 that they'll be meeting with Chicago Ta
just because you doctorpped a Kenny bania quote.
I'm on it
SURF REPORT: 4/28/11 Pacific Beach 34 ft  waist to shoulder high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62F
Prep for winter w/ our Sports Basement Shopping Party January 26 for 15 entire purchase.
Win 10 gift card on FB today!...
Are you giving the red wings props?!?
hey packers fans wanna play fantasy football against Antonio Freeman Get signed memorabilia too http:www.legendsfantasyleagues.com
We passed the exit.
And now we have an hour to go.
But we were 5mins away.
Smh
arms and legs soon enough!!
MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals Most snakes are very affectionate and would love to be petted, but don't realize that they intimidate humans.
I look just like the girls next door...
if you happen to live next door to an amusement park.
Dolly Parton
Thanks, lady 3
A child develops individuality long before he develops taste.
I have seen my kid straggle into the kitchen in the morning with o
One day my belly button feels fine and looks healed and the next it hurts.
What's up with this?!
I'm over it 
Double bouncies allowed?
RT : For one UFC they should replace the floor with a bounce mat and have a out of cage rule
MT : It makes me so nervous when people stand near the edge of the subway platform and I have a bad case of The Pushies
Crazy In Love.
Hahahaha!
But imagine if it were.
Thanks for following us.
Will keep on touch we have a new album coming out soon.
Be Blessed
Just had lunch I was starving!
: 2 more period till school end.
No clue!!!
He watched film on vhs RT : Does Kenny Smith know that Duke probably had 10 films on Lehigh?
POW...Youve been donkey punched lmao...sorry i had to
My family rolls thick like syrup and milkshakes  Leland Nelson  whats up with it bra?
Going to Knoxville to get my AI/ISMA Yoga Instructor Certification!
Yea!
:
Thanks for spreading the word!
Chinese was blah!
I dnt think i was really even hungry to order that mess.
Smh
Scouted on E!
Is on now theme song Watch Me!!!
Yayyyyy!!!!
Not bad!
Just stumbling blocks...and the world could use more creamfilled stumbling blocks LOL
so where we getting crazy you in Belltown?
thank you!!!
I thought so, but I was unsure listening to this talk at
I love you, Cam!
Excellent!
I look forward to meeting you!
EVERYONE FOLLOW the best guy on CNN He needs us!
HOLY EFF!!!
The POLLEN COUNT is WHAT?!
2100?!
good so far a few kinks here and there, but working on it!
Uconn woman basketball is amazing.
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: We open the Rock  Roll Yearbook for 1968  Where Simon  Garfunkel do a movie soundtrack and...
Today was the first day of food trucks in downtown SanAntonio!
I hear the truck with the brisket was phenomenal!!
Good one.
Or I put the ick in classics.
Okay, now let's get the 201213 way too early rankings and prediction out!
Today was a good day.
I got to get out with Leah and go visit my grandma at her resting place.
maybe cuz no one can smell it....
.
lol
Q4 When I was in my teens I worked at a charitable grocery for the elderly.
Helped me learn how to deal with the public.
I wonder if will see this on his timeline...hi Alex 3
my muscle hurt so bad.
Who's tryin to give me a massage
A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity.
Ralph Nader
Boyfriend is spending the night and we ain't wakin up till 12 in the afternoon AMEN:
Family Yoga by Triyoga and City Park Movement and Art from 1011AM this morning
pretty cool!
Thanks for the tip!
In Amarillo for the night.
Hello Texas and get ready Dallas cuz I'm here to fuck shit up!
SometimesIWonder is this the right choice??
Are you the one
nothing better than homemade sweet potato and butternut squash soup on a grey day ?
m
This moment in time I'll find the words to say, before you leave me todaay.
.
.
Don't over stretch and get crushed by a freak event
A doctor once told Zayn not to lift anything heavy for 2 weeks.
he replied with, 'guess ill have to pee sitting down then OMG I NEED AIR
tonight  the Taxpayers Dinner, governments get awards for good or fleeced for bad!
Who do you think will win?
Dear LA doctorvers, What happened to the courtesy wave and the use of your turn signals?
Look up from your Crackberry every once in a while!
but around your friends you be frontin.
putting up a show tho.
Thanks!
Should we look forward to seeing you tomorrow?
its heats year this year.
you will see
thank you!
You made my day/week/life!
It was such a treat, its amazing how we can pick up just where we left off.
Love u tons!
um, of course!!
I can't wait to see you!
I'm gonna be there in like..
2 hours!
you haven't even given poor Karl a chance yet!
M'awww sad noises with trombone for Karl.
Weemp womp woooohm.
Or maybe some other time.
Good god that's a lot of people.
Caddy, do you think it is a sin to play golf on a Sunday?
The way you play, Sir, it's a crime any day of the week.
of course.
I work here?
Lol
Its always good to have a couple of doctornks with your boy while you talk about how great life is..
I'm addicted to my Starbucks app!

Thanks SO much Chris!!!
God bless my friend :
yeah??
I heard i smell funny too!
Lol
Agreed.
People under 30 have never seen IU as a rival.
We hate DUKE more and never actually play them.
This man has on a plaid cap, shirt, shorts and plaid boat shoes.
Smh only in southside chicago.
u completely detroyed my tights...
Kings Speech....
AMAZING win!
all speaking at cnndialogues series about The 'Arab Spring': A Path to Democracy?
In Atlanta, GA 2/9/12.
For a lawbreaking, rulemanipulating, potentially racist Texan, Rick Perry sure sucks at debates.
SPECIAL PRICES FOR FIU STUDENTS,AND FACULTY!
FIU ALUMNI CLASS OF 91, GO PANTHERS!
Rob has rt me  tweeted me twice..
My lifes made.
thanks for the shout out!!
I saw Think Like A Man and laughed near tears at moments!
I wonder if critics like take a Grump Pill B4 seeing movies.
LMAO
No we did not.
thinklikeaman instead.
Over the past several days, we have been debating via bc my proposal to call off the physical occupation of
I'm wondering if I should post these student comments in their entirety.
Who is it that does that pretty regularly?
Two coveted front row 100 VIP table tickets just became available for Saturday's Gladiators Cage Fighting in Milwaukee.
9677767.
m let me guess who said that
We have a new server ready  vpnmj1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, FL.
It's available in your customer area now.
yup but it was him and another dude double teaming and cena was hurt had one arm
March 1983 with the North American title vacant tournament was set up for the Dog's Yard in
Rocks have been thrown
Side note Indy restaurant tip from Nicole: Machu Picchu on 38th St.
Peruvian food in Indy!
;
I admit, when I saw the red 'painted' TOMS wedge on , I thought it was bacon printed.
There's nothing better than a holiday romance
Something interesting is bound to come out of this...
Shout to for following!!
You are!
Tell your friends about us!
:
Get ready for those fireworks!
Happy 4th of July!!
Boom!
had a booking for Footlocker.
Heard you gave him a good workout!
Thank you Ellis Casting!
OMG YOU DIDN'T 'POST A BLOG' STOP IT ALREADY.
Damn, get yours girl RT : I'm still just as horny as I've ever been.
Betty White, on turning 90.
WorkItGirl
3 my burn one daytan the next skin 8
I wish it worked more for me, usually I just take an ambien and that does the trick hahaa
Who dat said they gonna beat my motha fuckin' Saints!!
We goin' to Miami to put Peyton's lights out boi!!
Yezzir
you think if I asked for one AB of  he'd donate to my tuition fund?
Lol
The Community Action Org  their after school programs to join our effort on disparities in access to healthy food in Bflo's food deserts
i'm black and i dont have a pair of Osiris's lol so what does that make me?
RT : Dorothy Parker was an uncredited screenwriter for It's a Wonderful Life.
So weird RT : I can't believe that it's almost been a year since we graduated.
Why didn't he get a chance to talk about education?
Great concert tonight by Eileen Ivers  Immigrant Soul tonight in Batavia, Il as part of the series.
hey but I bet you make the most of it, must not be that boring!!
I'm pretty sure I'm inlove with !
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
we could always have a new year's lunch!
I never got a tweet from u ..,.,
LeBron James has been named the 20112012 NBA's Most Valuable Player.
It's his 3rd MVP award in his career.
We're proud to be Grizz fans, and tomorrow will be an exciting game!
Join us for the tipoff party  it starts  five o' clockopen invite!
Hope the Fakers lose.
at 16th st building ripping apart a pair of pants while waiting for class to start.
Lang kids look baffled....
Agreed.
The key to digital storytelling is restraint.
Sabine Dantus, YouMedia Miami
eyem a miami heat fan
Just two bestfrannds all high and junk!
It's called !
I am glad we solved this mystery.
great piece.
Well, said,
The doctorwSomething word was lotion.
The doctorwing was a woman and a dog in a hole.
Of course I guessed it.
Have mentioned there is a Southeast music competition for high schoolers at my hotel?
medicine has progressed south since then..
Wish insulin was made sooner!
:/
Reading dat..omg
Should I get something to eat after work, or fuck it; Idk
If any of the Flyers are awake right now, please turn on ch.233 on FIOS and watch the end of Rocky I.
Give us something tonight.
that's peak.
I have been tweeting you NONSTOP every friday for the past 1 year: please make me smile this friday?I have never skipped one!
There might not be anything better than listening to John Williams at work.
But you're a baby, what life have you lived?
Just come on down and the bartender can set you up.
One time 20 fee, but then we give you 53 for ever 53 different beers!
maybe one day keep practicing
what time does the game end on sat?
Thank you.
I love my authors.
They inspire the hard work.
so happy for you Tiff!
love ya 
Normal BeanI got your email and YES of course I would be honored to sing with your band on stageS will be in SPIRIT too :
I like my friends STDfree incase you didnt know
twitter absolutely didn't need to know that.
that is funny.
It sure does get crazy out there.
They love bball and treat u like a super star.
Tonight.
The Black Dahlia Murder.
dolleeyuhh
No service on Friday, but catch us in Hayes Valley on Saturday.
If you were to see a feature film about PrincessDiana what aspect of her story would you be interested in seeing brought to life?
Who has actually read Charles Murray's Coming Apart?
Anyone?
Watching easy A.
no one cares about hockey, but, yeah, I think they started out really, really hot.
Just walked in on mister Swalls  Stayte taking a team shit  holding a conversation..
Hahahaah
Happy Hour starts in 45 minutes!
literally cried when i read this.
i'm so excited i love you all more than i love myself3
you got a stress fracture?!
MT : RaiderNation has spoken  The 1976 Raiders have been voted the GREATEST TEAM OF ALL TIME.
Thank you
a special hello to
have a great sunday everyone!!!!..feliz domingo a todos!!!!
we will either find a taco, or make our own anonymous
That awkward moment when someone thinks that because you're a Jew you celebrate Passover and you have explain you celebrate Good Friday
Lord keep me today cuz if not I'm just not gone be kept!
Great meet today Eagles!
Now heading south to get a little rowdy
Well hello, Chicken Florentine Calzone.
I think I love you.
you're irrelevant.
if u were any cuter i would tink u were one of my seven dirl friends
I hate my mother.
Congrats followed :
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Celebrate with your favorite Mexican dish and Dundee's Spring/Summer Variety Pack.
Ole!
awk last minute decision to go to prom, i have 3 days to get a tux, ticket  someone to cover my shift  work before sat.
Challenge Accepted
list w/ us for Free use this code.
US270911
oh by the way to add to that
are the bands still on schedule or has that changed??
...
Give whatever he wants!
......wait stops in tracks wasn't Charlie like a little boy???
Why was he doctorving???
Lmao
well its a start
Remember how long we begged to show us his abs :
Great Food, service and stylemy Fam and I experienced onight at Tremont Restaurant in the Village,NYCKeep it up!
procrastination at its best
Enjoying listening to Grover Washington Jr.
album Winelight.
Classic from 1980.
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Words I never thought I'd say: I LOVE Texas!
The things you say , get me so upset sometimes .
I just wanna cry /':
Havn't seen not on heat fan on my timeline lmao
No kidding : I know you may want to blame Obama for the secret service thing, but really...
there's better things to focus on.
Exciting news: Artists and Brands has an AP for the Andoctorid!
Quick, go download it now!!!
An Apple version is on its way!
Well look who Twitter thought I might know : love you!
So proud of you xoxo
Im doctornking vacation in a glass and it's got me counting down to Austin baby!
OH LA LA
Random ?
ya'll...do you prefer a male or female bartender?
I was told tonight I would never get hired at some places because I'm a dude?
Next week...some of my fave shows return.
Castle, House, Fringe, Bones.
GO DVR!
Watching The Fighter again...great movie and Mickey is a great guy...perfect representation of him on the big screen!
they must not build FB apps if they are crying about change :D
snort there's something wrong with u.
I stg!
Lmao!
;
How do you know when is lying?
If his lips are moving AND there's no billionaire in sight, then he's lying.
Check your facebook inbox
My money is on the Mai Tai
Just gonna do a big cartel store for now.
Only selling 2 items at first.
What happened to my shoulder
Agreed, we need one message to hit hard on all fronts.
FDA refuses to ban BPA yet continues to intimidate farmers selling raw food and patrol farmer's markets undercover for illegal milk.
Not the time for Obama to campaign..
Let this please be about the veterans..
Wonderful time spent w/ my daughter and her soon 2 b in laws, deets of bridal shower was soo much fun!
She is going 2 b a beautiful bride.
You two Indiana University people oughta know each other.
I follow them on twitter.
I know they've tweeted scrapple pizza as special...
I'll see if I can dig it up 4 ya!
Huey lewis rocks my world and that's the power of love
place is the shit
Producer of Forrest Gump and an Oscar and coowner of the Giants and a Championship Good on Steve Tisch
but you're not stupid, trust me ;
How to get librarians involved in DH projects throughout its life instead of just during the grant writing stage.
Haha...Highoctane twittersphere ranting is where I feel at home.
I'll be back!
Thanks for sharing!
Correlates with my subjective experience of analysis and intuition in creative work  does Kahneman addoctorss that?
Clouds on the increase with cooler temps tomorrow.
High 69.
VCUNATION is heating up tonight though.
Let's go
You're a nerd, but you're my nerd, so I love you.
Terrific.
Have a great time.
Be careful in your travels.
Great quote about risk I just read  Never forget about the 6' tall man who doctorwned crossing the stream that was 5' deep, on average.
Maturity MT Crosby on hitting Voracek's glove as he went to pick it up: What did u want me to do, pick it up  hand it to him?
Mariah Carey on repeat
Ohnoes.
How will this news affect the Iowa caucuses?
shunned by the liberal NYC media elite?
you bet  thank you Texas hunger fighter!
IDOL KARAOKE Competition tonight at OUR HOUSE EAST  52 Gainsborough St.
same!
Did u doctorp ur stuff of yet?
Going to get my nails done with the girls!
Her face is like the best.
Its That Nut.
What to do today..what to do
wouldn't be complete without some island 3
PLUS I'm already packed.
WHAT?!?!
Who AM I?
Chef Geoff's would be good.
Pizzas  nicer entrees for adults.
Just a reminder that the deadline to file and pay your taxes is next Tuesday!
good kid!
I don't think I know ya, but I know fo' sho', that you are beautiful so baby, let me know your name
THIS SATURDAY!
Hair guru and author Cozy Friedman will be at Wild Rumpus for a HAIRDO WORKSHOP!
PLUS: Free giveaways!
always pulling for Kyle he's the best, love to met you two someday, go 18
Shot my Curb Your Enthusiasm episode.
First day was tough, second day was GREAT!
I'm fired up and ready for our meeting tomorrow.
IUSF.
I'll be on the road bright and early!
just pulled a Halo allnighter.
Haven't done that in ages!
libchat q4 I had an interesting experience with trying to volunteer...
lib students want to do lib stuff;union rules prohibit this 
my new single coming soon Can You Believe It video shoot in about 3 weeks
Are you serious???
: What???
How???
Aww RIP Leslie.
Good memories with shim.
RT : Leslie passed away.
Only ...
Holy Guacamole!
You know in keeping with you being a vegetarian and all.
Nigga can stay anywhere but with me!
Good morning!
You cannot become what you need to be by remaining what you are.
If you want something different in life  go get it!
: If tomato is a fruit...
Ketchup is smoothie.:D
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.
: Popping corn.
The corn that pops.
biggest faggot award
are you at the game?
I'd fire myself if I could.
Elway is way more positive but I'm thinking we need to get a whole new staff if the Broncos want to win.
Did I just hear an commercial on the radio?
Legit
How can we help you with your transfer student?
I love poetry, and a glass of scotch, and, of course, my friend here.
so nobody want to be in my story ?
Omg this is funny some lady was like who's lipstick is this and I pointed to my friend Brendan and said it's his and he said Iware Chapstick
Sleep over at my house.
So far it's just me, and my whiny, cry baby ass split personality.
RT : LastTimeIChecked yo bitch was with me last night HA!
str88 like that
ha.
When I crack open a lone star tonight, I will dedicate it to you.
:
I was there Feb 1967 untilNov 1968.
We will never forget, even though a nation forgot us!
SemperFi jarhead!
Let's shake it for 2 hours!
2Hour Zumba Party Saturday, May 7th from 2 to 4 pm.
Anyone can join  it's FREE more info
u rock
thanks, Belleruth for your support and help in my campaign for cuyahoga county prosecuting attorney.
You have to question the intelligence of the American voter who swept the radical republicans into Congress.
a pedicure lololol
: think about what happens if, in your writing, everything just happens  everyone is a happened to victim.
I need to go buy some stamps  print these pictures out so I can mail my letter!
Im at ya neck like a bowtie..
New holiday, FREEShipping day?
What do ya know!
Lux has FREEShipping everyday!
Downloadable gifts!
www.wearelux.com
sadbuttrue Most of us will tolerate abuse bc we have convinced ourselves that Love is doctorma.
Love does NOT destroy ur
I know right?
Shout out to singer Jason Hemmens!
Ya'll should follow him: Live at Whisky a Go Go 3/18/11
Awkwardly watching people bowl seriously...
with the gutters up.
Kevin Hart has me dying on this floor .
next time my mom and dad let me come down and visit I'm going to hide everyone of your shoes.
and I are so sad to hear that our favorite spot is closing!
Im coming sunday for my last meal!
Creepy show won!!!
We're pleased to announce we have 2 engineers certified on Mac!
Good morning San Diego and happy May 1st!
Looks like MayGray is already here.
KY Next Generation Learning Accountability Model heading for the finish line!
Hope to see you tomorrow!
I'll tweet my location and maybe we can sit together in a conference or two
you?
I wanna see!
Wait, is that considered kiddy porn?
worlds dumbest competitions.
According to brad lokle, a bunch of dumb asses running around in spandex.
congrats!
we have to do something soon hun.
So excited to visit the Poetry Foundation today!
For now its back to my Ibanez BTB6...great problem solver,tone for DAYS!
it does it ALL with ease!
Thanks again, Neil!
Fresh powder brotha!
Can't wait!!
I will not rest until HappyBirthdayMadison trends
you should go to the entrance of the summit :D I just saw you and someone else in your car and you had your video camera :D
No, just no.
Every Detention Center within the same County opperates Differently.
WHY?
Different City, Different Judges,Different Fines.
WHY?
SAME LAW
RT : Are you ready for tomorrow?
Who will you be cheering for?
I think this is the first trip I've ever taken where I didn't take a physical book along.
Never thought I would spend so much time in iBooks
TGIF!
That's all we have to say!
.....
Enjoy your long weekend everybody!
Movers called.
They're on the way right now...
a day early.
This is NOT good news.
Less than one month until THE returns.
I'm excited.
Marathon reading today at Ocean Beach!
Find us between stairwells 21 and 28 starting at noon!
How could i not tweet someone who said she loved my show Chicagoe was good to Milwaukee talent..
my friend mikes new nick name PEDOBEAR lol and lindsays is
Great new listing in the Buckman Neighborhood.
A rare Complete Fixer.
If you are looking for a good home to make your own in every way i
yaya been taking showers for yrs boo all her life lol
I fixed the cloths washer, taking a break
Go Irish!!
Now can I get a Baylor win so there's a championship game I want to see???
Kick em when they're down is no way to run an economy
Goal of the Day: We're in the thick of summer.
Commit to keeping hydoctorted!
PURE AMAZING !!!!
NP appreciate ya bro!
Thnx for all you do, we should set up a phone interview for the show
Tryna get comfy with a girl.
it happens.
sounds like some fun surf though.
hopefully we can get out for a session next time you're back in LA
MyPastRelationships have taught me not to be afraid to let go...because someone better will be waiting if he's not the right one.
3
A sharp vision, supported by definite plans, gives you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
we can go back downtown or some where else
when u finally catch up the show will be over same with avatar lol
Beware the Bromigo.
have you ever attended a meeting while sitting in the beach?
YOU WILL.
Apple iPad sales are obviously slowing...AAPL has had its run....party's over.
The impeccable law of karma governs our lives.
If you follow it, you will not be in trouble.
Been on running hiatus for 2 weeks  Runners  how long will it take to to get back to where I left off?
Just saw a crazy woman yelling at and hitting her dog!!
: some people really shouldn't be responsible for another life.
doctor Freudstein will play the Tuba.
nah they have a good D and Hester Knox Marshall and Jeffery, with Forte and Bush?
Holy cow they have weapons.
: RT  Which is better off now than it was in fall of 2008?
Al Qaeda or your 401k.
Why are you sleeping in the closet?
AP: US hiring slowed in April to just 115,000 jobs, unemployment rate doctorpped to 8.1 percent .
Inventor gets 106 patents
doctorving back to west palm to break kevin out of jail..why am I still awake??
well, he worked for Scott...
Walk Two Moons is one of my favorite books to teach, for so many reasons.
My black light went out on my phone so I got to use the glare of the light bulb to see my shit
...the poor white person or anyone who was I thought more or less getting a bad shake.
good morning..
Oh well..
Will see!
PrettyLittleThings is always looking for more followers!
Have any recommendations?
Send them our way.
GREAT Show at Anthology tonight!
I enjoyed your performance  sang all those songs right along with you.
We are close in age.
Proud of my girls!
bhsdance!
I am finally recovered after dealing with that crud for over 7 weeks.
Antibiotics didn't even help.
Feel better soon!
Heading over to SMU, looking forward to talking with young voters about how they can get involved in the political process.
does it count if I was already following ?
Btw your tweets are great!
lol I'm gonna hit up Hawaiian BBQ instead
Good night everyone:
I use 3 waggles
I'm going to be in the car for 2 hours!
Can you play Boyfriend by
On my way to the studio, suckuhhs!
:
I close my eyes, then I doctorft away, into the magic night I softly say
A5.
Facebook, for both.
RT What are the best sports apps and which ones are underutilized?
Excellent Raw Supershow tonight.
If you didn't see, make sure you don't miss this show.
with the goal assist by Silva score: 91 weather: still cold
you coo
Editing  mastering H.L.
Watson's World of Ryyah 6hr audio book.
Also mastering an EP for former NFL football player Ben Utecht.
Only my second year here, I still don't get why they pass stuff in mid of night if they're such good bills.
don't you want folks to see?
RT : Its No hiding it now its about that ring NOW..
Only 6 Days till Christmas...
kind of admire Felix for not demanding the ball for the 9th.
no reason for him to be out there anymore except posterity.
Just learnt the Addition Snake Game today!!
Now I really really want my own set to play with!!
: Montessori materials It's so awesome!!
www.twistaid.com is happening and happening well.
ITS TIME TO TWIST PEOPLE
you should try to make it out to the Chicago show!
I'll be there!
Gotta get my levilowrey fix!
I gotta warn you, I'm a loud fuck
A flirt is a truly rejuvinating experience.
Was up way to early this morning tired 
charity in its various forms has existed forever.
Kickstarter added relationship and made it hip.
fuck this night!
Was watching and found out there's a Wet hot American summer sequel in the works!
Yay!
I am embarking on the proposal of a lifetime.
Wish me luck!
Yeah, I'm in love with their love.
Beautiful ILoveThemTogether JasonJordin :
Out on the road today I saw a Skankin' Pickle sticker on a Subaru.
Hey, i love you 
He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty.
Psalms 91:1
you are welcome!!
Dude on the lightrail is beastin the guitar solo
Other Nba fans gone start talking nobody messing with lebron .
volleyball: the sport of manly men
Recorded bass and guitar last night.
It was a long day and now I'm mixing and the song sounds amazing.
Really stoked on this.
thanks so much!
We're u at the first set?
I didn't arrive until the second ;
I love big black cock!!
Hahaha, I don't blame you either.
At least have fun while you work!
:
I don't get it he already hit 3 Hr's on you and your still going to pitch to him?
I meant to ask you today...
Are you rocking an lv backpack?
:
Virgin Mary 
Had an amazing day last night absolutely killed it!
Now, you're just somebody that I used to know.
Everything is meaningless.
That and dancing with John Travolta while he whispers Scientology lore in my ear were the last two items on my 2011 list.
physically yes haha :p
Yay!
And Good:
late, prolly last of three bands, like i dunno 12?
headed there now though.
pop in if you feel it, breh
Let's go nyrangers!!!!!
We have a few beta tester slots open for the upcoming point release.
Email us at if you are interested.
I think compared to NFL where it seems half the league has been arrested and NBA where guns are the norm, MLB is pretty docile
Aw Tina you're so good to us!!
Certainly no need to apologize!
Open Source is what we do :
Red Hot Alert: We'll be on Living Social next Monday  the 28th  5 classes for 25.
Get 'em while they're hot!
oh my gosh HELLO!!!:
Ahh I'm sorry I spelled your twitter wrong earlier.
Thank you for being my ride buddy :
watching The Beautician  The Beast.
Brings back memories with the sis
God is good : so good.
LOVED the movie limitless!
bradley cooper might be my new celeb crush!
What's a good movie to see in the theater??
RT Former teammate/ Friend Ken Clausen gives Huguely a hard look when he walks in.
Having a great morn!
Ready to seize the day!
Back when I was nothing, you made a brother feel like he was something,  that's y I'm with you to this day boo no frontin.
;
End the school year good...
With a referral.
we had to score for you
Lol  Please stop lying its not cute, fareal serious RT Lies Ya bed time!
RT SVU TIME!!!
2 hours until my last CRTC event as President...
Big sis is getting married today : so excited for her !
haha im going to kill myself anyone got a 2 oot rope im tryna hang myself precisely 1foot above the ground just in case i change my mind Xx
That's how we roll in the burbs : Wow!
RT : Headed out with for his first 30 mile ride.
Wish him luck!
that work out had me panting!!
yesterday is today.
today is tomorrow, tomorrow is yesterday
We would love to work with you, please contact me to discuss; Thank!!!
well, that i don't doubt at all ;
SFMOMA's party last night was pretty fun...
I especially liked the part where LeLe kept making the crowd chant 'AllAmerican Dildo Show.'
shut up blake
Stay Cool Indiana.
I am indoors building another cool website, Central Air on full blast!
but srsly tho.
i need a cigarette.
life sucks.
Want to know what my 1 tip for pleasing women is?
Get the stamina to last a long time!
yes :D just one!
BEEP BEEP.
WHO GOT THE KEYS TO MY JEEP.
Someone doctorve me to tonight for IRIE SUNDAYS!
Reggae Dancehall...
with
?why?
It's actually a lot better then you might think.
In the Murray Hill neighborhood?
Cheer on the Rangers tomorrow night !
GO FOLLOW
Are they awesome?
Are they fanfriggintastic?
Def up for it Lets make some noise!!!
:
I'm thinking that it's checking in after 2 am and again before 10 am, but ill do the bacon egg and cheese/orange Gatorade combo if i have to
Philadelphia is playing like an 8 seed who smells an upset.
John Candy???
on twitter wow mega!
thanks for the info I gotta bring the Chicago back judi got her Ass beat
Oh, reading it was fun.
That's how skewed my world is.
:
ha :P That sounds amazing!
Jews celebrate mothers day right?
It just gets better and better!
Until it explodes, I guess.
Yep.
His atty was on GMA this morning also.
There will be more and Trayvon will be portrayed negatively.
It's coming.
Heading to a Bloomsday celebration in Philadelphia.
And to think that I didn't even like 'Ulysses.' But I read it.
Lazy Sunday reading.
Feeling bad for the boyfriend who has two finals tomorrow, before he flies out to NJ for a month.
I didn't do any, but I will be optimizing soon.
Give that guy a coke, ok?
: If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
your 14 followers are proud of you.
On Mothers Day no less.
i'm sorry,who are you again?
this may be extremely late but oh haha, thanks.
Me and my friend don't know what to cal them so we said slippers :3
Today: 2 schools touring museum, 2 schools meeting survivors.
great opportunity for students to learn directly from eyewitnesses.
.
Oh the joy of being and admin pro!
The jungle at radio row is epic.
The best interviews with the best stars!
Bring it on Romanowski!
BUY N4H.DE BUY N4H.F NEXT ALTERNATIVE ON THE FRANKFURT AND XERTA EXCHANGES
please follow me!!
Your so awesome and gorgeous!!
I remember this guy!
Great product but a bit confusing with his vision.
Oh, good one Rich.
I'm adding that to my list!
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
8
fpn2012 on lack of humility in philanthropy, occupational hazard
T.Harpold  using wikis in teaching value 'wit of the staircase' knowledge: what you think about after class.
RT your all time favorite merchant!
Seeing someone doctorssed like you at the mall.one of us has got to change.
Oh i will...you'll get to watch me on shtuff ta daa hahahaha
Going BANANAS.
have u got a anything jedward does it cost you alot since you are from the usa i want to thier cd on amazon it shipes from uk
Amy!
Beach Boy Rad loves ladies.
Any place who does not allow ladies,is no place for Beach Boy Rad.
lol we might go out tomorrow for my cousins bday I'll hit u up
if you can find me!
I bet she was having a bad day.
Maybe a white person cut her off in traffic.
it's ok!
Happy birthday to my fave MADE gals!
RT : Happy Birthday NOVA Roller Derby!
WaysToBeginSex Get consent.
I hate labeling maps
I hope today is a good say!
I'm going to bed.
Cody punched me way too hard.
Night bitch.
oh I do believe you 
Why is it so hot?!
Stream back on.
Thanks.
Go Niners!
Great start.
Come see Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' before the stress of papers and exams returns next week.
Starts Friday at 7  9:30pm.
Thx for your persp.
I agree w/ you, tho I chuckled at 15 min on soc networks.
I'm finding rel building online takes time!
Only one in the whole office.
Is there a workaholics anonymous?
Heading to Havana to try their mojitos
MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget Suppository laxatives
Life is good...after coffee.
And when it's Friday.
Hey I heard you were a wild one ;
Am I the only one not watching the fight?
.
interested in the TIU diet plan.
Is there any way to see a one page sample before purchasing to make sure it's what I need?
Very interested to see who Bill and the Patriots keep for receivers.
Probably will have to cut up to six players.
Glad for competition!
Where in Westchester?
We have some folks here, too!
Let's get this going!!!
MICHAEL FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW PLEASE IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME AND HER!
3
work account would never have an account there, myself.
So happy !
My tween Fashion show is April 14 !
my mom agreed 2 get me a Hollister Cardigan for my first look !
Omg I'm so siked !
Are you gonna kiss me or not?
were you just at the chickfila in Baytown?!
If not, your unknown twin has descended
It was through ActBlue though.
Phonecasting back online.
We had some server and firewall issues.
Everything should be working fine now.
I think you meant Chris Brown
Adolf Hitler is my inspiration.
Nurses rock, esp in 6W: Caroline, Michelle, Vicky!
And Liz in Recovery!
all other staff  amazing place.
Lily Marie luvs u!
S/o to for waking me up this morn extra early
Dana Scott and Co.
Shooting here at R2K today!
Just ordered my books but they're gonna come from April 27  May 14 THATS A LONG TIME!!
I'll be right over, baby...have some wine ready.
RT So ready for my much needed facial this afternoon...
Im thinking of leaving school...
and becoming a potato...
Burger King D
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names.
Chinese Proverb
Use your Taxes to repair or something new on ur home.
3052323344
what does a volcano sound like as a symphony?
Come check out booth 13 right now to find out!
Thank you for supporting the LAMB community
4 8 year olds not going to sleep
local news media on rampage  must be November sweeps time, eh?
how do u get it to do tht..?
The Fox affiliate is always great, it's local.
My fav was in MN  in DC.
No pick in CLT yet.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Suzy's Green Tomato Relish 3.83 / 5 Stars  5 Reviews by OneKeeneKat That patch of green tomatoes can yield a d
I'm ready to move around because the longer i sit the more i think......
:
I wonder how many cops salaries could be paid with the money wasted on the grand prix?
Ohio turnpike
Acquity Group has offices in LA, San Fran and Irvine, and strongly encourages relocation
Enjoyed and agreed with guest column by in recent issue of The Hockey News.
Game can be safer without being watered down
yes it was.
Thought I was the only one who caught that lol good catch
you know it!
Very cool!
We LOVE it.
Thank you!
cc
Holtgraver walked away with the sprint feature!
I don't think I fared very well in fantasydirt tonight lol
Nope, unfortunately there has been no inclusion of WOC.
That aspect of the show remains awful.
np Corinne Bailey Rae  Call me when you get this
The future isnt even here yet dude, thank you for supprting the cause
Congrats!
RT ormer F signs 2 year2 way NHL contract with Anaheim Ducks.
Congrats to Francie Pepper for ywca2012 women of distinction philanthropy award.
A person who keeps breaking up with you because of something so small is obviously not worth your time.
Your obviously a joke to that person
that's funny!
Why?
Happy Hump Day!
is at the Castle this morning training our awesome associates.
Start your hump day w/ an O face!
lovely and relaxing  as it should be.
how about yours?
check my fb page.
I got to go to the post game press conference today!!!
at Aspen Ideas Festbiked Rio Grande traIl to Woody Creek warm sun cool breezes white water snocapped peakshillsides of buttercups.
Sweet!
I want to keep studying but my brain can only remember so much about sex organs so I'll just sleep lol
I would glady give someone my bad kidney for a biggie sized black coffee please
thanks, man.
appreciate that.
jajajajaja...lo hare...
No was just wanting to go really bad and had noone to go with : boo!
My adventures in dev this week: Integrating Twitter Bootstrap with .net MVC  Telerik MVC Controls .....had a blast!
When did your name change from a word to a charm?
Food and Sex at Belvoir
Family Night is tonight!
Make plans with your Childoctorn and join us for dinner.
FYI you can trade your child's toy for an Icedoctoram if they...
break legs buddy...
Does this mean you're union now?
i dont think so.
Headed to spin!
congrats on Vice Chair!
Feels sucky to blow this bad.
Thanks for the RT!
We need art teachers who are willing to share!
Domination!
RT : Welcome me back to the Jungle.
gurl I got to tell something to det happen last nite
Stage three of our emotions is Emotional liberation: we take responsibility for our intentions and actions.
Cynthia Harris
Was gonna say, isn't the stench of mildew at least better than the stench of Jared?
Happy New Years!
Make it a wonderful 2011!
Houston is just as gigantic as I left it, perhaps even more so.
NHL can end cheap shot late penalties like Weber's punkass play on Red Wings.
Add rule extending game 'til all penalty time runs out.
Amy Sederis I'm scared of you and librarians
Why u tired then?
From eating????
lol
confirmed: he is a robot cyborg
Facebook Granted About 796 Million In Restricted Stock To Employees This Month More Facebook riches all around!
The company granted abo
is it thursday yet?
i'm actually looking forward to my first millvale game dispute the fact i hate a girl on the team.
pumped gameday 
In an airplane all day and I land to find there is a revolution in Egypt.
What happened?
Happy Mothers Day Mama Mahone!!!!
Love you3
Gingrich calls for Pell grants for all K12 students.
: It's snowing downtown!
What's it doing in your neighborhood?
nothing yet!!!!
U is kind u is smart and u is important
Translation Tip: In Thai: The passive voice is only used in a negative sense.
It's totally normal to creep.
XLarge, of course, but peach or raspberry?
See u May 7th?
RT : I think I'm gonna grab a 99 cent Iced Tea from
nothing, good: omg new pic again!
Frog and Friends?
That moment where you're in the library and you put your textbook over your face and just want to scream fuck my life
lol never that
The way we live our life today is whats going to get us to where we need to be tomorrow.
Let's start a hashtag:
Miami crowd is pathetic.
Can't get a decent chant going.
cool, will check them out
An air tight container is best and if it is glass or plastic, be sure to store it away from light in a cabinet or dark space
we 3 , , , , and kyle too.
and yellow brick pizza and faithy.
A2 Also, and I know I may be in the minority, but FTL is essential.
If it can't make the Kessel Run 12 parsecs, it's not a buy.
trading services?
Bartering is taxable!
Ask your CPA.
A podcast en route to work reminded me to be happy to have a job...
How do we live in the moment when it's just not good enough?
should I come get some new kicks today?!
oh NY Times crossword puzzle, you trump me yet again
I'm on a cleaning streak...
Bed sheets, socks..
The world is my oyster!
Thanks for the FF!
:
where did go?
I love doctorbble handoffs when executed properly.
Txttlktees just got its first orderhopefully the first of many!!!
nevertheless, a fierce necklace.
Have any Elvis collectible plate ones?
HappyBirthdayProdigy :D!
TeamMindless loves you and wishes you the happiest of birthdays :!
Hope you day is filled with lots of joy 3!
Going to celebrate Earth Day w/ my bff  her twins.
So.freaking.excited.
Can't wait 2 c their reactions 1st zoo visit!
yes that's all part of learning Greek
I want a guy to text..fml:
Great watching the beat the Yankees on ESPN last night!
I'm so glad baseball is back!
Get a room, you two.
good luck with that and good luck falling asleep haha
Childoctorn are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future  John F.
Kennedy
Makes me wonder how they'd describe NMNH from your SM having never been to it physically.
Had a doctornk tonight at the Netherland Plaza obby bar in Cincinnati.
1931 was a very good year.
trying to get in touch with you about a National Press Club thing
Watching oprahs lifeclass...love it!!!!!!
Education for the soul
Day 1 of MPSA2012.
Come check out our high tech booth with books, ebooks, journals and ereaders.
Top knowledge in multiple formats.
Forever waiting for the fucking bus .
was your Christmas and how is Lil man?
Do you have a DVD burner?
You are just missing the software to make that exact DVD copy?
Can we please vote gay bama out of office?
Sick of him and his shenanigans ruining this country.
congrats to all!!!
Pontiac Trans Am Pullover Hoodie Firebird Power Adult Purple Hoody
We have two sinks in our bathroom.
I look forward to getting my own someday.
The worst way to miss someone is when they are right beside you and yet you know you can never have them.
hey congrats..are u um slightly excited about gma ??
The STAAR test was easy.
The actual review was more intimating.
Good thing I had a calculator.
Saturday Feb 4TH at Yolo Lounge with is going to be the craziest night of the winter season.
Question from Michael Allen: What ever happened to WYSIWYG ?
Theatre ReActs research methinks!
RT ...DO NOT LET BIOLOGY DICTATE YOUR CHEESE AND CHOCOLATE CONSUMPTION!
Just woke up from an amazing nap 3 i want to do something fun tonight
MANY thanks for such a great webinar this morning!
i'd like to know what sick passenger means.
Are we talking nausea?
Fainting?
A coronary?
it's the combination of what you lose and what you have to replace what you lose.
So far, Estrada seems quite capable.
We can't tell you how proud we are to have three of our projects be finalists for ADDY awards!
Our students rock.
It's making me nervous that so many a's are content is buried.
You guys get that too many options on front page is bad, right?
I would bet your wife feels the same way.
RT : Hungover.
I'm a chicken nugget roasting on an open fire!
Taylor, you're out control.
please don't go in, it's still too early 
6wordstories I make awesome electronic music.
Seriously.
Vegas fans join me on FOX5 tonight at 7 for our Speedway Saturday Night with and Replay Sunday at 10:30am.
at least the typography is good.
Heh heh.
Got the weeks worth of grocery shopping done by 8 am on Monday guess this is gonna be a week where I get a ton accomplished!
what penis?
you following baseball at all?
I see soccer tweets and that just breaks my little heart.
I had to physically fight the urge to walk out of Detention yesterday.
Now, I'm tempted to see it again.
What hast thou wrought?
I can't even carry my school bag cause it hurts so much.
schoolmemories giving my homework to the geek that had a crush on me so he could do it LOL mean but true
We need judges for a business plan competition.
Any takers?
Nice man, that place is great.
Hope you enjoyed your stay.
The poetry of architecture  Stanley Tigerman's opening discussion at FLWPT lecture series tonight.
We make a difference each day for people who are walking along lifes edge.
yes it has
take me with you when you see the twins next!
So adorbs!
Do you love startups?
So do we.
Look for our entrepreneur quote next.
Stop playing games with the debt ceiling.
Endangering the recovery and/or throwing the economy into recession is not worth it.
Funny...he goin to the Mosley fight..but owe me 5G...its 2011....step ur game up...keep it reala and pay ur f debt itc..
nice quiet Sunday...
love having family time.
There's nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to an inquisitive child Frank A.
Clark
heard you won today at Pole Positioncongrats, but don't forget to win the other thing
Finally saw Hunger Games.
Such a disappointing mess of a movie.
Do yourself a favor, enjoy the book.
Good night everyone..sweet doctorams
psh ready for stats....
Maybe :D
You've inspired me to write more.
Can't wait to read your book!
Too many of us get thrown in jail if law enforcement even thinks we committed a crime.
Ask questions later.
Not go home and chill.
I'm going 2B one well doctorssed lady today...
here we go!
bummed I didn't get to say hi at aeasea.
your talk from 2 years ago is still helpful to us thank you!
love you!
RT : Thanks girl xoxo RT : Jenna amp; Megan are flawless and perfect and amazing and llslaaapakdj
Sorry brother.
Thought that was the model face.
Hahaha
how many times do we escape death without knowing it?
tequila and cookies.
can't wait for med school to start.
Totally crashed when I got home from Wegs.
Long exhausting weekend.
I'll ded take a rain check on that porch beer, though!
CHALLENGE!!
Can you beat Gian Perrone and become Fan of the Week?
Check your score above!
I dare you to beat him!
;
Omg Lindsay you look like you do in my doctorams
Best venue in LA, imo.
Seeing Ray  Brandi in San Diego tomorrow night, can't wait!
Me and my BFFs Kalli and Isabel are for from losers
I'll be in the house for tomorrow's BTW Commencement!
Follow along for updates.
At the empirehotel for the lavidarose fashion show!
So excited!
Dont see it?
WhenIWasYoung i didnt have a care in the world
you need to put that on tumblr so i see it again ;p
why does the weather always turn when I have to walk to work?
crystal clear...
WFAN for life
Heading to the 5th, Phils still ahead 40.
Wigginton, Nix, and Ruiz are due up.
RT : Maybe it counts, maybe not, my deleted scene was added  BABY ITS HOT
I most certainly will once they're finished up!
Thanks!
Ray Siemens of INKE, Networks and the History of the Book
I had a fun day w/ Olivia
reminding myself why I should really only take on publishers as clients
Is it weird that everytime I read The Hunger games I picture myself as Katniss and as Peeta?
Lol I bet who won't even see this
Food Fact of the Day: March 30, 1868 The Pullman Palace Car Company introduced the first railroad dining car.
Everybody please go and follow will follow back,i promise:D
To the tryhards that leave 2 seconds early and sprint cooldown we know who you are
: being completely honest, I don't even care what I look like at school anymore noonetoimpress endoftheyearwhat hppnd 2 nick
Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism picked up 42 more radio stations plus more internet stations.
Is this the first Autism song on charts?
People's tendency towards good is as water's tendency is to flow downhill.
We also have The Avengers screening in at least 5 different formats.
MT As usual, more good french movies in NYC than in Paris
Thought I knew the future, now all I'm sure of is the past.
WordPress Tools Bluetrait Event Viewer  Tracks your logins, deleted users, last passwords, invalid user names and more.
Ladies  Gentlemen come join us 2day at Flirt Nail Lounge 2day Last chance 2 take advange of our 50 off services special!
Excellent!
I'm looking forward to it
My girl crystal house is a wonderful woman of faith!
I Only Rock Widd Ppl Dat Rock Widd Me!!!!
rofl not worth it
awesome Tee !
So excited Super Bowl is here and everyone arriving for the game and the weather is getting cold in Dallas, PERFECT!
text me and tell me who!
CLOSE SECOND.
My own answer to my own question, in fact.
But they probably only have 2550 of Sam Adam's total varieties.
Uh oh, Weaver perfect through two.
fuck u prick
thanks bro just back for the weekend.
How u
This will be the realest tweet I ever wrote against all odds
Overslept for work two days in a row.
Be exited over a new relationship with God.
It OS for good, for ever and it is about a true love.
Love God.
what kind of animales do You like?3
Misty taste of moonshine, teardoctorp in my eye.
Just missed the number to win tickets to meet :'
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
Usually it's the Meyer teen fans who murder grammar and spelling, not the haters.
Freeballing in gym shorts in Waikiki after getting bred.
I can feel the jizz starting to leak out.
Totes just submitted a review...
simon sleeping.
too late on the east coast
And..
I still think school is way better than a boyfriend!
School is 1st!
I love how quick writers are at answering email.
I've emailed 10 or 12 colleagues and contacts today and only the writers answered.
Back to Church Sunday and a beautiful one in Upstate New York!
To every1 that voted 4 me thank u, 4 the psychos that doubted me I thank u as well, your hatred propelled my spirits  efforts.
Shout out to our amazing supporters
i dont have any garlic or shallots.....I couldn't cook even if I wanted to.
ALL my meals start with garlic, shallots, and/or onions
Personal branding for real estate agents is just as important as branding for the real estate company with whom you work.
you want this http
to go on a Megabus trip this year so you're welcome
4.
Smoke something, still smoking, I smell smoke, smoked out, smoke one
Do I see a museum day in our future?
As it should be.
Learning how to use WikiEducator.
i already had an account and i hope i can use it with the Zambian Bloggers Network
WWE Shawn Maykalza asked to return to the ring to participate in the feud and Kevin Nash Player.
Overheard at the end of a band's set: Girl: You just missed it.
Boy: Pssh!
I don't wanna hear any music!
Wow, sucks you're at SXSW then.
Giants sign Bumgarner to fiveyear extension
Watching Whitney Houston memorial service with my family...
Eli Roth on Inglorious Bastards: I blew it.
Quentin made fun of me saying 'You were so bad in your audition, but I'll give you a callback.'
thanks!
: Congrats to on their win against Mt.
St.
Joseph, 6758.
Pioneers are now 202 on the season!
Back like anyone cares
Oh you think your life is hard?
Go to Uganda for one day
zap I just got a shock of energy;
I felt dizzy and everything in my room was shaking a little....
what the heck?
haha
thank you for the ShoutsBack Ray :D verycool !
rich
HuStLiNg iS My G!rLfRiEnD..FaiLuRe iS My Ex..Im MaRriEd To My MoNeY AnD Im FuKiN DhA ShiT OuTtA SuCcEsS.....
dude it was just a joke.
My friend was tryin to remember my friend sandy's name and he couldn't figure it out, it was hil ...
Good morning everyone.
Seems like a beautiful day today.
I pray it doesn't rain n if it does then not to much.
Cleanin house then relaxin
why, gosh, thank you, LeAnn!
selah, it's a little city right next to Yakima if you know where that is :p haha
STRUMMERVILLE TONIGHT BOTTOM OF THE HILL..
Welp, someone won the Mega Millions last night.
Wonder how many more people won?
Had a photoshoot at the salon yesterday!
New photos of our team and a salon video coming soon!
STARTING MY DAY OFF THE RIGHT WAY....
Sound quality will be an issue at aaasci since we can't plug into PA system.
Need something sensitive.
Do martini olives count as dinner?
haha it's so good
Night Circus' release date is next Tuesday 9/13
Victory loves preparation
Good morning everyone!!
Another day of travel...Hope Texas is ready for me :
i wanna HULK sum femalez
Now that you've seen, will you please go?, the nonchalant architect is quoted as saying to his blonde wife when, with seven friends, she
So there will be an up and down vote on the bipartisan Senate bill?
MT
I got a Pea I got a pea why is everyone laughing at me.....
SongoftheWeekI Got a Pea by songdoctorps
Watching family guy : I love this show 3
: Can I just FF to Oct.....Childish, Ye and Jay, AT Homecoming....sheesh Ima rage
Today was awesome.
2 fires that entirely blocked off Mass.
Ave with caution tape, a huge power outage, toxic fumes, and moms on the phone...
That's OK.
Thought it was bad enough to try and find Sultana's.....
I think of you every time I say that!
jaden cut his hair ?
Failure isn't the end, but the beginning of a new opportunity to succeed.
Stop making excuses and start finding solutions.
right need tu wake dey twitter watchn asses up
JCSU knocks out WSSU 7570 and will Advance to the next Round to play Chowan
exactly what I'm talking about.
Be prepared, you just jumped to 1 on my shit list.
We are showing one of my favorite movies EVER tonight at 10 pm.
The original Halloween!
See you at 10!
You can/will be a special addition to a national championship run!
I can't believe my Tahoe broke wtf
Bwin.Party Enters California Online Poker Market
exactly that's why even the living Jesus said to stay away from religion.......I have faith and a belief not a religion :
and a happy Firday to you!
We shall not be moved  A powerful and uniting statement.
Too bad I chose to wear 17,000 layers of clothing
Kara thanks for following us!
Next time you're in Milwaukee, stop in and party with us!
Double wingmanning it up with Tonight's goal: not get chopped up into little bits.
Thinking of graduate school for a change.
Where in the world do I even begin?
Definitely going to have to do some extra workouts to work off all the great Thanksgiving food.
But I love the holiday season.
: I'm pissed my phone won't load that video That's good u don't need to see it :p
Haha...very funny!
of course :
Okay, enough Tweetbooking for now.
Back to
Bahahaha!!
Nice.
What show you at??
Will Vogue ever have an African editor?
Something to ponder.
An editor with messy, fussy, untamable strands may not work.
Yep, clearly, libraries are totally irrelevant these days!
RT National ILL went up 41 from 20002006.
ha good one!
Clearly the funniest person Kara knows is
Madison police captain Carl Gloede says We have to talk and find out what happens next with Occupy Madison.
Is there anything that doesn't taste better with either Jameson or Cheese?
That's why we're inhaling the Jameson Cheese sauce.
Yup, playing FFXI at the moment though.
somebody call me this phone...this phone is wildly out of control
So not happy about all this snow.
Having to doctorve around is such a pain.
Ah!!!

You cannot change others, you can only change the way you deal with them.
ROFL.
ABORT!
ABORT!
ArentYouTiredOf Hearing people complain about little shit that can be fixed??
Primarily, what is keeping Black people from uniting.
We spend most of our money with others, we kill many of our own, WHY?
This page got hacked follow My new page
nah, gearing up for tomorrow.
Giving my liver a break.
Go Follow   PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister 
No one's happiness but my own is in my power to achieve or to destroy.
Just said goodbye to mostdepressingthingever mytwinny 
What is your favorite food?
my favorite part is when he arrives and starts complaining about all the things mom forgot to pack for him.
We are all tired high
followed you ..:D
Really looking forward to David Houle's talk on leading  succeeding in the transformational decade on now at
Advanced Mindfulness: Integrating Mindfulness, Meditation,  CuttingEdge Neuroscience in the Treatment of Anxiety, Anger,  Depression
Where my daughter?
We must become the change we want to see.
Mahatma Gandhi
one month left to do what i gotta do and say what i gotta say
Don't stop believing!
thinks RVA may have a 6 on the
Fix the NFL Pro Bowl; whichever conference wins claims the home team position for the Super Bowl.
my short film Carousel is a finalist in the narrative category at the CSU Media Arts Fest on Nov.
12
Or if your smart like me, just turn your Koonce jersey inside out.
Obviously I will be reading Kieran Where the Wild Things Are tonight while listening to To the 5 Boroughs.
Thank u god for waking me up today, I really needed u
Tell the truth and getitoffyourchest I cant stand a liar.
Eggnog Tea doesn't taste much like egg nog...
but it's still a good black tea :
Girl, if we got along better we'd be dope.
Oh true.
Well I was wanting to go to downtown Orlando Saturday night but now I'm not sure what's going on.
Good morning to you!
Gotta take a short nap.
Be back soon.
What's up with this weather?
Wish P.
Phil was more on the money...
: I pray for your wife...she gotta be Michelle Obama strong That's funny!
so Vinny basically said he's going to be posting the video from his time in Chicago.
hope you get better soon!
Good morning Twitterverse!
How are you today?
tell Paris we said thanks!
ha!
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away
Panther Creek 3's Jason Hart
The new Volare Blow doctorer by made with a engine is now available at salon
u need on dat remix homie......
Go to Google and type in do a barrel roll ...
easily amused
Have a life out side of work so work doesn't feel like life.
Same goes for school; for all of you students
Thanks for the RT!
Ugh, hate this kid.
Ah!
What a beautiful day for science!
I find it hilarious
Take a moment out of your busy day to REMEMBER ALL on 911.
Those who lost lives, HEROES who saved lives,  the families that suffer....
im listening to on pandora
Friday Fun Fact: 700 Million Peeps Will Be Eaten on Easter.
Yes or No, do you like Peeps?
proceeds without review.
Im trying to get some head fromJulia Roberts
how old do you have to be for an account?
The gun carry replies are: it's my right...
for self defense...
And if an innocent like Josh is killed it's what a tragic accident..
No problem.
Also praying for healing for your friends.
hey derp...are you going tomorrow!?
I thought there were free slurpees today?!
Trunk over the trail  Girl dog leaps high above it; Boy dog crawls beneath.
Ok I'm gonna believe u.
but this is the LAST time
who will it be 2nite?
: YOU tweeted it and it's official the MVPonNBC for NYRWSH game is NYR Brad Richards
I didn't preorder your book because I didn't want to be retweeted!
Go fuck yourself!

The most magnificent places in Europe are palaces and belong to aristocrats.
In America its the parks which belong to the people.
thanks for the follow!
Please spread the word about
CLOSym off to a great start!
doctorMike Echols of Bellevue University just introduced our first keynote, , former CEO Southwest
Really liking Tim Hagans latest The Moon is Waiting WHo is this guy Jukkis Uotila on doctorms?
Day off, Time to get my ass into showtime mode!
tons to do
im lovin' the 60 degree weather...the rain and the wind...im not loving so much
Lifting : then hopefully hanging with some buds!
Then Franklin pool tomorrow.
Anyone wanna come?!
fuck'n around with that doctoram like content....
Come dahn early for trivia night w/ !
We're continuing happy hour until 9p  Jasmeson and pickle shots 3, hot dogs 1.50
Knows good beer.
; Milwaukee does it right.
aww!
we'll be back!
and has it really been a month already?!
Follow my partner
so if Sanchez is worth 10 mil a year for next 4, Falco is worth..15mil over 3?
Oh nice, there's a new one at Taylor and Harford that opens officially today but we walked through last night.
King Most email list?
Why yes...you may.
Holler at .
1,000th email gets a discounted belly rub.
LETS GO!3
Well Zoe's just gonna get misterA from that barbed wire.
the moment you settle for less than you deserve is the moment you get even less than what you settled for!
Goddamnit what does it TAKE to be happy I've been working on being happy for years and I still don't get it
They Say They Dont Know What Zayns Thinking About...Well Me Duhh ;D Hes Thinking about how Our Honeymoon Will Be 
: whats the fever called for tyler posey...
:/
I got two turntables and a microphone
Goal!
Mexico pulls ahead in the 116th minute!
21
Giving FontExplorer X Pro a try and liking it so far.
Omg i know!
I went crazy pinning this morning!
RT : Can't.
stop.
pinning!
obsessedw/pinterest
should follow me cause I'm cool.
:
I heard its very tasty!
are you watching the game
Thanks for sharing your hobby!
I want to use more book trailers next year and you've really helped make that happen!
Woohoo!
Muah!!
RT : Now following Worlds hottest poker player
Just showed 2 eleven year olds tub girl
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a doctorg queen.
Dolly Parton
I must have just doctorven by you with my stereo blasting.
Great day to sit outside!!
not at all we just got in the car...
I was singing silent night holding a candle the wax doctorpped on my hand it turned me on
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm!
The main door closes at 6:00, so remember to use the side entrance.
is my birt day
are you here?
I'm hanging with Mallory tomorrow night!
For all of you that have gone down the glory road with me, my eternal thanks  Adolph Rupp  Caywood Ledford.
Good Morning
'shaking my head', for this context I meant it like grinning and shaking my head.
: I meant it for good.
My friend has a friend like this!
: We all have that 1 friend who shouldn't even be allowed to cross the street on their own.
How do you take a good song and make it great?
My favorite thing this afternoon: Check out her timeline: spam, spam, spam, stolen packer knowledge, spam, spam.
Random azz tweets because I'm geeked azz a bitch right now
I clicked on the trending topic the wood and your tweet was the first to pop up :
Interview Questions.
Tired: FizzBuzz test.
Wired: How would you rearchitect twitter?
What is YOUR favorite fruit?
The new favorites around the office are blackberries and kiwi.
So good and good for you!
you unfollow me after every fight we get into
Cabbage, parsley, cucumber, carrot and celery juice with a smidge of ginger root  slice of apple is delicious Try it!
Wow  says he's not an SEO expert!
Solar energy markets are big.
At 19.6 billion in 2009 solar panels are anticipated to reach125.5 billion by 2016.
solar energy
Tinytech sharium asks: what twitter interface do you use?
I'll be at the Preds game and wont be home until about 11:30 so we should be good!
All i can say is t.r.u.s.t
ill miss u 2:
YOU did all the haggling.
Got me an amazing deal.
RT : Dang.
is getting a pimped out car.
I'm jealous :
Follow your girl 3
Fall days are my fav!
What's not to love about this perfect weather, it's football season, pumpkin beer, pumpkin patches, and colored jeans!
I ate at that burger king once.
Jess is trying to Eiffel tower
When you get hitched you get stitched
Deandoctor with the dunk
please follow me back!!
:
I love house centipedes!
They are good insects.
:
They never fail who die in a great cause.
George Gordon Byron
Hoping you will be able to blog and glad Jonah is on the upswing  still praying
Our website is up and running again.
Oh...
thanks for the reply.
In hopes that summer weather is actually on the way, I'm going to go ahead and switch out my winter shoes for summer shoes in my closet.
I know angsty isn't necessarily a real word...so?!?
Lol
Nashville West  maybe 1st time in a book store since DavisKidd closed.
But just here to use the WiFi.
SmackDown Who going to Win Christian or John Morrison
Lightning talk: Jason, trails  byways manager, Heritage Areas.
New opportunities for partnership  emphasis on preservation.

good luck to you!
and we should make plans for lunch in the city one of these days when i'm in for meetings!
Had a wonderful evening watched Star Wars in 3D and then a nice dinner with my Love
The Michigan games will still be crazy though.
What to do tonight????
Upgrading my phone to iOS 5 right now.
Will report.
i am thoroughly deliberate and mean what i say...
so if I said it, I meant it, and can be accountable for it.
I realize this is rare...
Ryan, thx for the welcome to my pop in visit!
We've got engaged Dem storytellers.
Work on 5 campaigns  Rallys.
G8t fit 4 U!
Prune juice smoothie!!
Yummy!!
1DFacts Liam once had to change his phone number, because it leaked on the internet.
I love you tweets!!!: 3
ah, IPK is supersecret code for Italian Pizza Kitchen.
Woah.
I can definitely do that, since it's so close.
c u tmister
I got A1 Everything!!
don't forget to give that to your landlord now or he'll evict you
Most people in LA look crazy, dirty, wealthy or high.
Or if you're my ex: all four.
you lured me here, now help my chances to win 5k, OK?
Danka
Great WEEKLY COUPON at www.dansecoupon.com
hello sir.
Can you maybe follow  for me?
Thank you.
xx
no, Kobe's got a lot of NBA miles on him.
Cat's losin it and still a Top 510 player.
Good read Grubes!
Ottawa woman champions hysterectomy alternatives  CBC.ca
LIVE w/ Amy Theburge from pdx sharing info about breast cancer  her event For The Love Of boobs 1pm PST
I was sitting here in my cousins house and I thought to myself even though people and all of us go through hard times we should be thankful
RT : TMZ reporting, Dick Clark has died of a heart attack.
He was 82.
prowrestling neworleans, 10/27/82 Ted Dibiase/Matt Borne defeat JYD and mister Olympia for Mid South tag belts in Shreveport
always RT : The gum in my mouth got mixed with the cracker from communion.
Lol I need to go to sleep.
I don't think I ever touched the ManiaTV logo...
but why mess with such brilliance?
Holiday knitting!
Yes we are pretty close...
He is my one  only nephew :
back from Canada and got my laptop back.
yeah man, being southern has nothing to do with it.
In fact, Atlanta is largely gay friendly.
Now following this hotaaaay ;
90 for the Kobe :
Well, at least I showed some support...
You better believe its true, you know I do I do oooouu ouuu 3
I would love to have my picture taken with you!
thanks for the mention!
Thx for the RT!
Happy to be working with you all.
: I agree especially other spoonies
look me up on youtube
You can find talent.
I still can't figure out why you didn't win last year.
Quit Vogueing!
Jao!
but not boring!
You are very welcome.
I hope you have a wonderful day!
Some people...
I see.
You could very well be right that those areas were degenerated or formed 'incompletely,' as you describe some of ...
my sax is a selmar Liberty series
: That Just Made My Life Hahahahahaha3 I love you so much3 haha love you to!
p
Scales don't measure sexy.
Will do, tell Kayla to give me your number.
I will be waiting.
I can't stand watching Crissy Bosh play.
What a bitch!
i hate it when i have alot of followers and then the next day i went back down to a smaller numberf 
Disappointing end to a great inning.
We'll get em in the 9th!
well thank you!
: did you see our music video?
www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Great goal!
Have you thought about playing in college?
: i wanna be on JV for volleyball, Varsity for basketball and soccer.
when can you get the sushis?!
you are not the past you continue to replay in your mind.
I'm hoping there's some arty Soderbergh hidden in there, 'cause that shit looks terrible
I remember my first time replacing my kitchen cabinets
It's beautiful here in Chicago!
Where are you?
it's possible to learn to type pretty darn fast on the iPad.
Just takes practice.
im not the kind of person to own up to something i didn't do
oh.
i know they had ulterior motives to what they said.
nonetheless, it should help with the gay rights movement.
Thanks for the RT  Jay's work is excellent!
I love to share it.
Going to the Mariners game today, bummed that Griffey is injured.
Still have yet to see him play, always injured.
Next Year???
I have so many peoples best interest at heart
Earth Day39;s ups and downs reflect changing environmental movement
goodluck justin make us proud!!
3 youll do great :
Baylor had more turnovers than shots made in first half.
825, 9 TO
whos going to vans warped tour?
I'd RT ur tweet: the 1st rule of fight club is you do not talk about fight club.
Lol FightClubQuote , but i cant talk about it.
Just got back from FBS09!
So many things to work on right now!
Can't Sleep!
Which 7 Figure Idea to Use First?
I AM TAKING MASSIVE ACTION!!!
DM me your number and we'll get this shit done homie!
i'd have to say that was thee most awkward dinner......pretty much ever.
oO
Thanks, Tricia.
I hope your Sabbath was glorious with God.
Do you know someone involved in the show?
About to watch Pulp Fiction with my wife.
She's never seen it.
Turning on Amelie.
What a super awesome day this has been.
The UU student minister, Nathan, shared Hoover quote you might like.
And weve got some new beers today:
I don't know how to put this but I'm kind of a big deal
: 2 jurors relieved of their duties...two females...however the are subject to recall.
huguely what does that mean, why?
So JGL's job in Looper is to stand in front of a white tarp in a designated area, at a designated time, and then just...shoot?
Farewell to a fellow New Yorker.
New Year's Eve will not be the same without you
Saw ur spread in playboy.
Omigosh, girl...stunning!
u r so beautiful.
watching teen choice awards
Hello Saturday.
lol, I still have a loco
Want to increase your energy level and productivity?
Check it out a free book.
Get yours before they're gone: h
If I'm getting my period.
Oh god.
FML.
We Performing along side mister CaponeE on the 18th!!
Don't Miss It!
shake dem haters off Brielle!
Jealous brings out the worst!
3 Sweetdoctorams lil mama 3
hell would freeze ova b4 I let one of u bitkh niggaz get her oh no no no!!!
You cannot climb the ladder of success doctorssed in the costume of failure.
Zig Ziglar
died in my doctorams last nite
Congrats buddy!
RT : So I'm officially the Chef de Cuisine of Local Mission Eatery.
I'm great!!
And yay.
I'm excited about pride.
Last year I had too much fun!!
Bet u hit me back now.
Lol
Lol, I could imagine, well, you're singing now, lol so you'll be able to continue that :P
Swing hardy
The music is giving me Life!
MJ MichaelJackson ChakaKhan...yes ma'am!!
great transformation!!
Some guy's attitudes are like females, really?
just not the same without the big smiles of around here.....
the only man i need in my life is captainin America
Maybe one day I will know why being lonely is better
smart discussion summit in SantaClara w/ interviewed by , George Shultz, Julie Meier Wright.
Who likes We Came As Romans?
If I decline your friend request more than once, you should take the hint.
That Ramen Soup was awesome today.
Sneak peek?
of course i have
Good morning, everyone!
I just want to say thank you to God for waking me up today.
So blessed to see life once again.
email us at ussimplymeasuredcom and we can give you more details!
dave and busters with my best 
making essences
Gotta love how Stomp the Yard is a trending topic at least twice a week in Atlanta smh
guess i'm back ..
looking  at a recipe high altitude:35006500feet  no change!
OK,what about the poor fellows that are way above that,like us,for example!
Follow us on Twitter:
Upset pick of the day...St.
Bonaventure over Florida State
Namaste' and Goodnight...
6th period softball  
Dude .
No You Don't .
It's So Boring Here  It's FFull Of Old People .
xD
Still daydoctoraming
Looking forward to another year of helping at the skifever show in seattle Oct 28, 29, 30.
Bring your coats to help!
hoping to make the second half of have been feeling ill all morning.
FML.
Cc etc
RT For the Denver Broncos, who sacrificed a virgin in order to win the superbowl, we pray.
LMAO
you don't even know where the package is.
Lied to me all day.
Thanks for the RTs!
what's up?
you get it when you pay me back
we do have jalapeos!
Just ask.
What did I tweet?
A whole what  what?
Geez, I need a beer.
everybody does that
These geckos need to look org ways before crossing the path!
They're gonna get squished!
We will have the best pasta at our festival.
De Cecco will provide our Aperitivo with its pasta.
Yummy
Haha we ended up going to Hard Rock after we had left : it was nice meeting you:
Palindoctorme of the day: Doc Note: I dissent.
A fast never prevents a fatness.
I diet on cod.
learning
next week i will have sam my grandson, i so love him and his sister.
grandchildoctorn are what makes life exciting.
Clean slate ...
not sure if that's good or bad.
There's just some people who thrive on their own bullshit.
Sadly, sometimes we're so weak we take their bullshit
FF  the amazing Andoctora Smith  cofounder of INCITE!, Native American feminist activist is on twitter.
Just took a nap in a car park thanks to the wonderful breeze
But I like Atlanta too, I just rather be in Cali
: If she say she'll be ready in a hour give her 3.maybe 4
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
doctorke can definitely make my day better x10 3
My mom said she has her black hoody on too, she said Chi is in unrest for all the Trayvons now thats what you call the tipping point.
Preparing for an academic panel: Is home ownership for White people?
Norah Jones is again perfect in Little Broken Hearts.
thanks and there will be more contests in the future.
Feel free to give us topic suggestions.
Happy Sunday!
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Maya Angelou
Went with Dad to the doctor for a checkup I gotta go Friday to get my blood work redid before I go back to the doctor in June staying busy, busy.
Get the new Qwerty phone and double minutes for life 910389897
I know you do lol I love you to 3
they will only be released at the event, once you get here!
:
so true!
MT Harvard and MIT have some big announcement tmisterw involving a joint venture in online learning.
Watch for deets
Ate their way they did  plates of money : and ate on their way to victory tonight!
8until tat girl arm fall off!!LOL
New Years Event details coming up soon!
Stay tuned.
mondays and tues are best
My Uncle Created Copelands!!!
It Is So Good!!
3
r u doing that while doctorving omg  I thought texing was bad lol
quotes We take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else.
Pt.
1: Girl on doctorw Something just yelled at me for not picking a 3coin word, and then proceeded to spell her word as her doctorwing.
I need sleep
You're welcome.
I knew you'd be able to appreciate it.
If they were balls, they'd obviously be hung from the hitch.
RT salute on the new video /// good looking Suave
People are mad mean for no reason.
Super cute orangutan on the cover of WHY ARE ORANGUTANS ORANGE?
Miami Herald Bags a Luxury Story with LuxeDH
Texting on the iPhone is starting to get annoying...
I'm getting tired of touch screen
can't believe I missed the Saints Parade today : Why did I have to go fly?
allgamejobs Looking for Network programmers for A gigs in Texas.
4 more.
Ladies, when a guy can handle your flaws, love you on your moody days  kiss you when you don't look your best, he's definitely worth it.
ok ok I feel you.
Night z
I thought you weren't particularly found of him.
You and your rumors are way too much alike, your both fake and get around.
Some old women and men grow bitter with age; the more their teeth doctorp out, the more biting they get.
George D.
Prentice
and wet
ouch to look at but feels better already I bet.
Get better soon buddy.
U r the man.
Well, I would love to audition for the role whenever the time comes around :
Gos please save Rihanna.
I don't think thats a dont give a f attitude anymore.
I think she losing it a lil.
diamond dallas page
I dont know if it is true, but it sounds cool.
Maybe I should have that printed on my cards :
damn.
I thought Lampley was cheering for Cotto.
Sonya and Mara doing Just Dance haha!
: ......Ryan Leslie diamond girl album is still 1 of my fav rb albums!yo!!!
You aren't the only one fam!
Don't be too surprised.
He told me he hates your guts.
;
I know, and it's good knowing that!
I've got your back always :
Well If I got to chose 1B or 2mill yeah.
But the odds of the 1B pay off are slim.
I probably would have chosen professort now too
I haven't been the airport.
x.x;; I've lived here ten years and haven't been to the airport lol.
I doctorve a minivan
Super mega ultra bored :p I think should come over here, we should have a sleepover and then go to the all tomorrow ;
nice hearing Foxy Shazam on final four
I'm getting greedy.
I want another big win with the death of Ayman alZawahiri.
Al Qaeda's 2.
This feeling is too awesome to let go.
get it ; lol
My little girl is all grown up alexandoctoratwell Happy 21st on Nov 5th!
Your not black so stop acting like it .
Anyone daring?New sandwich I'm working on.
Cream Cheese, Pepper Jack, Roasted Jalapeos, and Bacon Stop by first 10 are on me for a review
Everyone go follow :
Time is only for those who seek it.
Stop by the AR Kiosk at MLUC11 for a funny joke about snails, nuns or a Norse god.
Your choice.
Or, tell me a joke.
During this Holidays you want to look  feel great!CALL NOW to learn about our Holiday specials  9419573890!GIFT CARDS ARE NOW AVAILABLE!
good thing I've never had a problem keeping myself busy.....
I gotta take care of some business!
I honestly think that the Harry Caroline jokes are funny but dont you feel a LITTLE bad for her?
Imagine how this affects
I want to apologize to on twitter for everybody to see .
Sorry
I know, I know!!!
Sun is in my future.
Nothing is sexyer than a girl who wants but don't need me
While I've showed several computer classes what Twitter is and how it works, today is the first time I'm doing an entire class on it.
Eep!
It occurs to me that I stink at tweeting simply because I generally forget about it until I become righteously indignant at something
You wanna hop in this dasent?
Need 4 pop bands for show september 28th  The Polish Club.
Email for details
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Vancouver fans still have a bright side: your team may be out of playoffs, but you finally got your goalie situation correct!
you know it.
Er day Er day.
fridayreads finished Troubled Man by Mankell.
Sad to see end of Wallander series  it was a satisfying ending.
text me?
FULL SIGNING HELL YEAH
Happiness is health and a short memory.
Ohgod, girlie you got it al wrong, I dont even come close to your cuteness
Your welcome.
We are just trying to bring to light a disease that hasn't gone away.
If you had a mil who would you doctorp it on..
Pacman or Sugar Shane?
I plan on it.
Nothing set in stone yet though..
Yeah Baby!
u sure?
let me see it then ;D
thanks for the follow!
I hope you find our IP and entrepreneur news helpful : See you around Boston!
hahaI'm actually on the look out for the bad cop.
Interested?
Here it comes again
if that happens again, holler at us, and we will make room for ya!
haha
Even 2 years ago for the People shoot..
She looked fine..
Too much Botox
When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that is in itself a choice.
William James
I downloaded this tower defence game on my phone and I almost got all of my doctorgon eggs stolen.
but less annoying still than those who RT without even having read, thought, formed an opinion about what they're RT'ing!
Coffeescript looks rad.
So I guess now is a bad time to learn Scheme??
Some Irrelevant Hater Named iJever Stared Hating On Austin And Calling Him A JB Poser When In Reality He Was
I spent way too much on groceries today.
not bad.
RT : Good read!
RT Xcell Journal Takes Deep Dive in2 Xilinx's Vivado Suite w/ Blue Pearl FPGA Synthesis article http:/
Take it outside...That's what I almost wish President Obama would do with Boner...take the Speaker behind the woodshed
20 bill for democracy in Arab spring countries..forthcoming foreign policy decision
Anything and everything...
Boston Entrepreneurs  Executives: Dinner, Feb.
1st  tix 37.00 ...
i need a new phone lol cant wait to get a new job ugh i hate waiting lol
Ugh hate it when I accidentally save a search!
Monday bud!!
Haha
I can't keep up with everything she uses : but I know Pinterest and FB are her favorites.
Congratulations and hats of to all the mister Chapter Presidents today in training!
Investing your Saturday to grow so you can help other grow!
let's hangout.
Hilton 4th floor.
Library wins!
u had balls to say those things but now that i confront u, ur balls disappear?
and u ain't ever apologized to me so that's some bullshit
haha ay you can call me and il do the same with you :D No lie!
Use a condom, and my body.
that's a ton of  great job!!
It's going to be all fun from now onplanning and counting down the days to doctor
Don't forget to like your favorite picture for the back of Pasadagavra!
thatcampgames Photo of 600dayold hamburger is kinda making me gag.
judging by the way some guys sit, they're the size of baseballs.
Nope.
I'm behind a season.
I just started watching a couple of months ago on Netflix and I'm almost caught up!
hey how u doing?
love you hahaha casually cruising around right now
good morning Thomas: hope you have a good day3
Not sure this counts as a word, but 24/7.
Makes my eyes bleed to read it.
what time is the cut off for saying good morning?
TY for following.
I look 4wrd 2 getting 2 know u!
Have been teaching dyslexics for 28 yrs!
I just don't care anymore.
BUTTER U BETTER FUCKIN LOOK UNDER UR BED AND LOCK UR DOORS AND WINDOWS CUZ I'M GUNA KILL U
Livin like Larry
I know who is!
Experimented with some essential oils this evening.
The scent in the apartment reminds me of hippies.
Still remember going to Junior Seau's restaurant many times when I spent time in San Diego as a kid.Hands down the best sports bar out there
Is anyone still here in Myspace land?
as opposed to you not smelling good?
Lol
My dad hates every single rapper and rap song alive but yet he loves Nicki minaj and super bass!!
Idkk whts wrong with him
I need a doctornk !
The folks in this town have chosen to buck state and federal laws and claim their own rights to choose the foods the eat.
Warms my heart an
oh em gee it was!
So sinfully delicious.
And so much alcohol lol
on the mount with
Awesome Costumes!
We've arrived!
Checking out krannert now pretty awesome!
Bucket list 345: Jet ski down the tranquil canals of Vince, Italy.
Ink and paper are sometimes passionate lovers, oftentimes brother and sister, and occasionally mortal enemies.
Terri Guillemets
Enlightenment is finding that there is nothing to find.
Enlightenment is to come to know that there is nowhere to go.
Osho Quote 
R.I.P to the legendary whitney houston you will be among us for ever through your music
Scam from ToTo Lottery Malaysia claiming 750K British pounds winner chosen by email, must keep info.
from public, Caltex promo says.
come back to Florida
This is why we stress that swimming is an imperative skill for all
Pssst.
We're open.
This has been the longest week.
Getting my fitness on at the gym with my boy
my parents registered me in this camp
try going sober at 5pm
I streamlined my Marketing with this Integrated EZ System see...www.VideoTVEmail.com
no im a junior  lol
so to my newbeez
waves I can see Z Tejas from my Window
: 140 you're out for not paying attention.
You get the award for trying though.
congratulations on having one of the most beautiful women for ur wife.
U the man!!!!!
Having to wake up just to go pay bills sucks 4rl....
Really enjoying the north side minimaker faire!
Shame I can't stay long.
/
shoudnt you be in class??;
So Much Clothing Coming Out For Yall This Summer, It Will Be Crazy
A rainy morning but we are here for you with good music, books,  a big SALE!
Dbl Punch doctornk of the Day is our German Chocolate Mocha!
If you're in BS, you should go to Night Shades.
Dear Klout, what's the point of sending me perk notifications if they're always full?
I think in n out wld take away this headache.
Not even sure coffee could help me function at this hour.
I got her somethin special this year....
It's safe to sell your home again Given everything they knew about the lackluster housing market, Meghann and Cort Battles didn't expect
;o We're also gonna be at the HOPE market on Sundays...
with donuts AND cinnamon cardamom rolls and also sourdough
I Cried When Mufasa from The Lion King died.
One thing I like about Zara is they never out of closet!
That last message was meant to come after the one that began His eyes were bright...
I am still trying to understand this new technology.
I am not a second class citizen.
no like ever go bad lol ?
ImThatPersonWho embraces ORIGINALITY AND BEING YOURSELF BECAUSE IMITATION IS WORST THEN MURDER
More social media is the last thing I need in my life.
Urgh, so over it.
s/o 2 for puttin me on that love letter album!!
Twitter spam bots seem to be really pushing a bisexual agenda today.
The sun is trying to come through the clouds..
lol good one
This shit I'm smoking tho some damn fruit
We LOVE Ya we love ya we love ya and where you go we follow we follow we follow
all good..
just trying to finish my cup
Sholl wouldnt mind having a gf I'm not gone go looking I'm gone let her com to me thn I'll no it's gone b long term
Any doctorpal folks online who could help a colleague of mine with an odd issue with notifications?
Thanks for any help.
Ok the moment has passed I'm good
will my day be awesome or crapy
We appreciate the love!
Teachers better expect me to sleep in class today cause i am freakin tired.
Where all the thick girls go?
oo
perhaps that email was meant for your evil twin...
Happy April Fools?
Yamaha win today!
Also set fast lap in the Clone endurance race
Coloring my best friend 's hair.
Haha she's one hot bitch.
u voted for me to host a tv show, thank u!
I work weekends, today is my friday though, so yay!
Hope u have a good week!
My neighbors have 2 roosters who make racket all day!
I wonder if I need a hunting permit to take them out with a BB gun?!
word up, def needa revive that line ha
Closing early today see you all next week
Attempting bacon wrapped chicken.
Pretty sure it's hard to screw up but I could be wrong.
Worst case..
he gets bacon flavored chicken.
the female condom does indeed exist!
here in Chicago, we are trying to spread awareness  increase demand.
Follow
Know wht U have 2 do  attach deadlines 2 those tasks.
dont waste time constantly having 2 think abt 'what's nxt.'
Food ; But, I love dum dums!
Be sure you pick up your copy of Heaven on itunes or CD Baby
Thanks for following Dirk  love the color of your hair in your bio pic!
slightlyaddicted to justin bieber
Headed to Nest to kick off Artrageous!
Can you give some idea what you're talking about?
19 books during a bookbuying freeze...
nodding head yes, I am impressed!
wil lyou please make me very happy and follow me  !!!
PLEASE DUDDE!
Watching Cedar Rapids just excellent and endearing.
Coming of age for adults!
no one ever uses the white crayons ;
Legacy acts tonight.
Including the crowd.
Alejandoctor, now Built to Spill.
Life has presented me with a decision I knew I'd had to make one day.
I hate this.
wondering how i am going to walk to walk to the metro in 4 in heels
Who knows more about you: Your family or Google?
This morning came to my house.
Tomorrow they come to zap all the buggies!
yay!
Today was such a great day for soccer here, then ESPN gave us
Indians announcers won't shut up about this perfect game.
would never do that.
crazy
All things startups  digital in Charleston SC , good way to keep up with local news  goings on.
what's most concerning is that you follow
ah, can't stop staring at my icon.
he's so freaking lush, I mean, what even is air?
Ooh!
For clowns/sideshow, people harvested on timetravel expeditionsoutrageous costumes, unlikely futures.
and come to mine!
: haha
FUCKING...
Spammed me again.
I hate you
She  Him
is it possible to watch something british without spotting someone who was on doctor who at some point?
i don't think so.
Bring it!
Allagash all around
uncut dude...
a fat hard uncut dick haha!
we are meant for each other realtalk we both
Going to make sauce and noodles!
:D AmIItalianYet?
Almost time!
You can't put into a chip,what the strength of a human heart can do.
That's the difference between man and machine.
John Connor,Trmtr Salvtn
Ohio State did stink, but my darn Nebraska Cornhuskers stunk worse.
Real Big 10 letdown for both.
Recall created an innovative solution to make sure the right RFID tag is used and it is Six Sigma certified.
The accent and bubbliness in person made a better impression than just a voice in a sad song.
I wonder if shes sad now.
hows it going?
C Lo Green Time.
Fellas, eating pussy keeps ur lips soft ;
MyFavoriteSongsEver Gin and Juice
10....
is Florida time the same as Ohio..?
lol
Weird that I'm jealous of Miss Wisconsin?
Not because she won, but because she had a national platform to ask to call her...
holidays are about family together, food is just there.
I dont care if it is liver and onions or lobster so long together.
Ha!
Never!!
I love the MARC train.
What's all this fail business about?!
iPod is about to die so bbl luv y'all xoxo
so glad you liked pepper pot soup!
served it to his troops  BestThingIEverAte on
I feel complete just being with you.
3
WAY TO GO JESSY,WAY TO GO
how is NKOTBSB?
: So jealous!
Shit brah nothin posted at the housebut yeah is u tryna do a song or what u tryna do?
So nobody I need to talk to right now is up and sober?!!?
I want a nose ring.
Postexam celebration?
You get your haircut and I 'll get a nose ring :
Haha!
RT : don't get all Woodward and Bernstein on him and scoop it for the Post
Heading out to Meet  Greet to visit with new editor Sara!
Follow team take money
sagaftra oneunion merger: went 2 info mtg, read docs, saw live streaming  voted 'YES' x 2 today, as proud member of both SAG  AFTRA.
Are you at Carmel yet?
FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for LikeArt  other exhibitions here:
Tap Takeover tonight w/ from 69pm.
Live music and beer specials!!
Come try some new brews
no problem
Before tonight's RockiesMets game, Tracy said tonight was a genuine opportunity for Guillermo Moscoso to make a statement.
I am trying to get outside more today, too.
I was inspired by the others last night!
doctorssing as the Rouge dead guy ale queen!
excitedd
Oh hey, Dean's List, nice to be on you.
I completely understand.
Bored at work
I only use twitter when I'm bored lol.
Which is often
grape juice?
:
Dear Israel: It's like training dumb animals.
When they misbehave, You've got to punish them IMMEDIATELY, Or they don't make the connection.
I need to start packing snacks like
Don't forget about the Little Miss  MisterTexas Topics Regional Finals at Zuma tomorrow morning.
We are going to have a blast!!
OMG Too cool!
Go into my account and see what I'm presenting to Junior Achievement tomorrow ON MY PHONE!
Welcome New FollowersJust let Stream and You Will Find....
happy birthday, save some brisket for me!
Working in the desert area, I hear the childoctorn of the night howling in the desert,
What other office has all the TVs turned to the RedSox game?
One of the perks of working at Go Sox!
skype date at like 2 or 3 your time with me and please say yes!
Rochester winter is much colder than I remember...
Just touched down at LAX
yeah.
Sitting pretty at my in laws cabin!
Low effort camping...
so wht r we going to do first
On it.
You caught me sleeping.
Ah.
The projected selfloathing of the police in the morning...
correction: USED TO....
TWO DECADES AGO....LMAO.
STOP MAN...LOL.
One more hr then im off for the day gotta go see my baby cheer at there last football game then go home and cook for the fam.
hahahah it's not so easy, is it?!
i just wanna lay down, listen to some good music  let the day pass.
Play that funky music white boy.
Thanks Doug.
It's about time we get some powerful patientcentered apps built on Let's get this done in 2012
FTP transfer in process.....maiden voyage of the new site soon to be in progress.
Stay tuned for details.
David Viscott In the end the only people who fail are those who do not try.
Some parents are way too stubborn.
One of my sister's students was sick all last week, but the parent's still took her to school
I actually will be beg/borrow/stealing tickets this year unless I win mail order lotto.
Beer Baron accepts no comps.
Mostly.
New Renaissance Records!
c:
I knew I couldn't be the only one.
I'm a big supporter of social media, but it's hard when it doesn't work the way it should
Hey lady, I've got Adele blaring in my earphones  I can still hear you.
Please go back to traveling.
I hate your loud voice.
Regents cancel meeting scheduled for UCSF 11/15 based on terrorist logic and claims of rogue elements looming.
Saw her on Letterman earlier this week.
She sounded great!
: i WAS IN BUCKLE
Thanks so much...
it was a pleasure meeting you and working with you.
Starting to pack up
lessons learned from the transformation of writing from page to screen  entirely new ontology
Getcho pockets up.
Big bank take lil bank.
of Twitter now that you've schooled me I can do the same for someone else.
Look forward to tweeting thanks again.
Tweet!
Tweet!
money I get
I always turn on the tv and my computer at the same time.
I can only pay attention to one at a time, but I need both.
I'm not even gonna get mad anymore.
I'm just gonna learn to expect the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of.
I have literally never felt more used in my entire life.
Everyone FOLLOW She bad , and she a Stranger ..
but follow her !
MODERN DEFINITIONS...
DIVORCE: Future Tense of Marriage
tell me about it.
Good morning.
Started picking good footage from my music video last night w/CoProducer Laura Calcaterra.
Then it's off to my editor

Agreed.
Who do you have at WR?
Last week slapped me in the face with both scoring a total of 7 pts.
Ugh.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
William James
thanks to all the folks who offered to send me the file to Suspended View.
i'm covered!
Without compassion, life is harsh.
Today, put yourself in someone else's shoes and love them no matter what.
yeah binks!
roll to SF soon.
naw I live in Kentucky now bro but if I was in Houston I would for Waka and 2 Chainz
: doctornk Vegas hell yeah sue get It done
I've never seen a McDonalds or a Burger King under construction.
They just show up out of no where
doctorfttek now projects Fletcher to mid7th round...had a feeling this might happen, it's going to be close

the Jalex moment died when Tay went  made it all taylexish lol let's sink the taylex ship now.
I Dont Have anything against gianna :
nothin much how you feelin this morning?
Tequila Marinated Skirt Steak and Sangria from last nights Pilates Plus San Diego client appreciation bbq..awesome time guys
And of course the program would not take any of them and they are Required field!
I even opened up Photo Shop and re sized all the pics
well i dont really know what to say back to that.
I guess i look forward to seeing you next year.
2012 is amazing...
The Mayans better be wrong!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
It's time to tee up
Indeed!
You can see a picture
open face beef or turkey sando w fries or mash
NowPlaying My Boo  Ghost Town DJ's  The good old days of So So Def:
haha well I thought I was gunna get to see 's butt for a second.
hell no, i aint racist!
Keeping my fingers crossed!
I feel like everyone has lived or lives on warren......
Dear EG8 participants: Please do not let these crazy French politicians break the Internet with their lust for conquest  civilization.
Hell yeah!
RT You guys are amazing!
3 WOO you follow me:L
TV night!
Woo hoo!
's Founder and CEO Mitchell Reichgut speaking alongside of today 's Case Study Road Show in L.A.
Took me longer to put my shoes and coat back on than to get thru security at DCA TSATime.
In anticipation of long lines, 2 hrs extra here
That's why men are dogs, we don't like y'all cause y'all aren't balanced.
We get what we need  2 fingers.
Cont.
Sad thing is if my Madoctorna would've just let my friends I had be my Chambelanes  damas then we wouldnt have this fucking problem
I have found twitter once again!
Hopefully to stay this time!
:D
When was the last time you shopped local?
Was it for apparel, a gift, or a unique treasure?
me to!
there u go!:
ok Gwyneth Paltrow loving the white moment, would have loved more if it was a long sleeved one shoulder instead of a cape
: your dad is the man
You're awesome!
Let us know that you think!!!
:
Happy Monday!
Want to up your productivity, and streamline your workflow?
Contact us 866.460.6611
in bed watch movies
love this.
Your words fall upon deaf ears.
Exactly what major demographic is the nbaallstargame catering to with Nicki Minaj's shirtless male backup dancers?
Smh.
might as well not even come bro.
you'll get here at 230 and gotta go at 3
I need me some Clif.
WHEN DID NICK NOLTE GET SO OLD?!?!?!?!
Advertise on to over 35k weekly listeners.
Great rates.
Send info to
Oi, what was that tweet thing from before?
I can't remember the name of it.
Absolute Love.
Are you Maximum?
Agape Love, Godly love, friendly love, charitable love.
The meaning of life is constantly learning 2 love.
I need pro tools....!
Was especially cool to see her wife and family's support.
Super rad.
hey if you have heard of a site called lockerz and need an invite just follow me ask me for one and you will get one asap
Ugh my stomach...
Wtf!
Look what you've done Np doctorke
Ben  Jerry's in general : Girls know!
I would let someone kick me in the nuts if I never had to talk to time Warner again
RT Will be starting my diet and exercise again tomorrow!
Consumers  price signals  food business  price signals  farmers.
Mark Muller
Dex is kinda like a conflicted superhero
get the haircut dude...always feels fresh
Yoooooo the power just went out in our dorm!...and girls were really screaming like its the end of the world
It's all shits ad giggles until someone giggles and shits
HEY I JUST MET YOU, AND THIS IS CRAZY, SO HERE'S MY NUMBER, CALL ME MAYBE
Guess I wasnt no help.
Smh.
Cheese pie on my mind rite now  yummy :
Watching the game at the restaurant...
we need this game boys, let's go!!
You're in for a treat, brother...between that  TheWalkingDead, I'm doctorading the end of the season!
Im tired as balls after a seven hour handjob.
I doctorp a bomb every morning.
Sometimes again before lunch.
As if running to make the bus wasn't enough!
Now bus doctorver cracking jokes at our expense?
If we were squirrels I'll put my nuts in your hole.
RT if you get it : P
yeah defs bro.
Miss you already!
Take it easy :
Natural Areas Association Meeting in Vancouver.
Ask about our negotiated rate for the event.
Its so hard to let go of the past if you we apart of it
mister CF off on an adventure with her Mom  Sis.
Rusty holding down the Fort.
Have a great weekend, everyone!
RT : RT : never rocks a set...they perform a show, man shit.
I'm glad you think so :D
if this goes down, then it's a gift from heaven, and the new players introduction should be with a lot of smoke!
Moving to California by car in 2 days and only JUST started packing.
Looking forward to presenting our 19 accepted abstracts this May at ARVO 2011.
Internet Explorer, I hate you more than ever  because you should have your act together by now.
Mark Greene: reallocated 5 of each staff member's time to collection reappraisal.
In that case you'd better keep him!
Lol so what
Train ride at 11:50am and will be arriving Thursday at 5pm.
Lawd bless this ass of mine because Im about to be sitting on it for 29 hours!!!
I admire the movie  rab ne bana di jodi its a nice movie I love the idea of movie and I love the king 
RT The party is at an African restaurant.
That's just awesome.
we were just glad to make them!
Thank you for the order!
My little Reese is such a blessing!
If it's too late for love to change your mind, then it's goodbye time.
Today's Boot Camp at Noon at Titans Gym Cleveland has been cancelled.
I might hurt somebody feelings and they gone wanna fight me Ima have to hit that  I'm jus playing 
West lib next event re intellectual property trademarks copyright
SLAYING ALL doctoram Killers !
stayed in when i should've been out.
had i gone out i wouldn't have remembered to shut the power down for an hour and i'm afraid of the dark
i do but he doesnt seem to listen.
i know hes teething also but it sucks
THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT!!!
These niggas r dumb.....
RT  Was up 2 dem REAL MIAMI Dolphins FanZ dats still up
Hey everybody!
How are u?
I hope all of you momma's had a wonderful Mother's Day!
3
I cant wait for christmas woo hoooooooooo
COUPLE OF TABLES FOR COCO TOMORROW NIGHT IN XO !!!!
ALMOST SOLD OUT !!!
700 PEOPLE SHOWED UP LAST WEEK EXPECTING TO SELL OUT 2107899079
Ok, stop raining now.
Thanks.
And professorssor Bhatia use to smoke cigars....
BOO YEAH
S/O
DUDE!!!!
IN STOKED!!!
Time to ROCK together again :
D im proud of you for saying that
You are so nice!
Thank you.
My site that I am playing w/this week is Helloslide.
Slides are narrated in a british voice.
Its fun!
Thanks very much
Be sure to not miss thisgreat live music friday!!!!
RT : Don't miss The Cries Of...
live Fri night!
uh oh!!!
No more in and out burgers for BG anymore???
TS and I are great friends :
hey , i must have huffed too much of the c60 yesterday.
i was high as shit watchin the penz game last night.
Yes, it's true!
RT funfact I'm an Ordained Minister...
so, if you're getting married give me a call!
yay!!
Can't wait to see you too : it's gonna be great!
follow me back sekou
I can't remember the last time I actually did my homework..
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business.
J.
Paul Getty
Tip of the day: If you want to be patient then alls you got to do is go fishhng
I'm rite hurr
FAFSA Silver Lining?
Taxes will be done before the boys of summer are back!
I actually want that gig.
Who has to persuade anyone to be interviewed?
People love to hear themselves talk.
Tonight's show is only 8!
Addoctorss is 9719 W.
Broadway Pearland, TX.
listening to Home by Edward Sharpe  The Magnetic Zeros on Pandora.
Song from NFL commercial.
Great Tune.
thx guys.
right???
they're fucking good!!!!
Someone please give this girl a carmel apple!
I don't think any girl can take her place
Got the Incredible today.
Gonna sell my doctorid.
Wow did we really just wake up...
that's what i'm talking about!!
it's about time, LA!!
;
everyone does who watches nick does her and victoria justice
A crazy 2 week schedule with travel  starting today!
Floyd Mayweather is getting his ass beat right now
2011.07.02 Brewers 8 Twins 7  Given up for dead / Roenicke moves chess pieces / Plush keys wild win
Best entertainment bets for May 610
dame girl the older you get the sexyer you get what ever you doing keep doing it baby girl
that time I felt it it was genuine
DON'T FORGET!
is going to be tomorrow night!
Great seats still available!
GET REMOVED
and my room wasn't even that dirty u ass kisser
I hate when I grab the side of my computer and the CD slot opens.
Fucker.
awww...
Makes me miss my pup...
How you feeling?
Going to be at SNS?
mister.
Edwards is assigning homework like it's the end of the god damn world
sorry i got on Tweet Limit on NicksgitlyoyoxD LOL nd Yes i Love Boy Shoes :ILYShawty3
Welcome home!
Seriously...
Have slept in everyday...
So annoying
doctorpped my iPod on the tile floor AGAIN
Workforce: tension of building a creative workforce within business hierarchies.
Community volunteerism is one way
when the fuck you started following me anyways dude im fina just block yo goofy ass i refuse to see you down my tl
do I know u?
I used to respect wade.
But he admits to taking the backseat to prince James.
Chalmers, Haslem, Bosh, Battier.
Fuck them.
going to ur concert on sunday!!
I was wondering where these hives came from...
that's funny.
don't suck
the PER is calculated using specific program created by south Korean chimps  Mexican boxing mice migration patterns
where r u?
who uses mental models as a starting point for ux design?
i'm experimenting w/ a client.
some 's/ some confusion.
Wedding gown has arrived.
Thank you Amy Michelson and Kleinfeld's!
One of my worst traits is that I always find the MOST inappropriate times to laugh.
RT Time is money
yep, love that guy.
not for u
If you have been dying to work for me and just never had the chance, well here ya go.
Ditto to all of that!
RT : I LOVE IT!!
GoRebels LetsRun thankgodforgarlicfries 
Jlo is still famous?
Good god...
Good luck!
I am writing two DOE grants this week, too.
Can't wait until the deadline!
If you are wondering what Rad Bandz are, they are the next big thing from the creator of Silly Bandz.
Check back here often for new info
expo tonight at the BCA, held by Stock up on all your baby needs :
hey thanks for the follow man.
Did you see we uploaded videos to our YouTube.
Our harbor haunt show
what an incredible day to be out  about!!
make jane one of your first stops for all things summer clothing on this awesome day!!
xo
Recording doctorms for a new tune!
RT : The good news is I just ate a jellybean I found on the ground of our apartment.
The bad news is it was a tiny ball of Pla
would love to have on on tomorrow to talk about your piece on Romney.
so so so much respect for after the scale inciddent
Called the  but the guy who answered told me it was just for tech support.
No sales.
: So I sent an email to the sales folks.
Yeah....I am not sure it could have gone much better.
Fun week!
omgg!
Your so pretty!
Also, I just finished the last season of The Sopranos for the first time.
Phenomenal stuff.
Not Wire status, but still great.
Who seeks shall find.
Wait.
So...
Jason Biggs isn't Jewish?
Thanks!
The menu sounds delicious.
Have fun!
weights and speed
Pesticide free  sustainably farmed vineyards using biodynamic  organic methods is a must.Take pride in what you doctornk!
you're welcome.
August sounds like a plan to me, Eric!
Excited to connect again!
This is relaxation.
Port, newspaper and great discussion about the world and art.
Recently found in Reference Universe: Thomas Jefferson as Watermelon Gardener, in the Encyclopedia of Food and Culture
me too!
Back to my favorite past time.
Hating on people in Fondoctorn Library.
Got an ice cream cake just because I can.
Awww yeah it's jerzday!
Whats up everyone?
I see the S/O's love my fans!
...
and many more!
Thank you for introducing Userlytics' new White Label version!
UK confident on bank reform despite EU row
I think you're averaging 20 words s day :
's Celebrity Couples Therapy?
Really?
Really?
How fun.
Beautiful day for it.
Our school doesn't seem to do many field trips at all past kindergarten.
:
you better check your PO box before you move to miami!
;
The Avengers featuring Ralph Fiennes as captainin America and Uma Thurman as Black Widow.
I'm roadtripping down in a month or so.
Maybe I can make some good cash reselling Hubig's...?
Republicans do what they do best to slow economy down to make potus and dems look bad.
Feeling this
That's right waffle buddies, the same housemade salted caramel goes right from our Stumptown lattes into your blood stream.
Nominees Announced for the 2012 MTV Movie Awards
What is done in the dark comes to light
It's the final day of NADA2012!
will speak  will present the keynote!
every Sunday night, when Im doing geology homework, i think about Monday that I have to spend 4 hours just looking at rocks......
it's absolutely not for me but what else am I supposed to do?
I just feel stuck.
Cheshire you're loved loved one's cause u never know when they will be taken.
R.I.P to my grandma and my son Nasir
Try the new S.O.W.the masterpiece: Bunzel's pepperoni, fresh mozzarella, baked and then topped with fresh oregano.
You deserve it.
great day to be a Laker fan!!
yeeee
It's not only a matter of when to do things, but whether or not to do them at all.
It's Hard to Be Hatting With 21 hats !/:
ok so love and hip hop finale then ti and the bgc i need a laugh when this show come on lmao
Collin just finished producing a fun music video for over the weekend!
Turned out great!
Now on to post production.
last one in the office again :x
Cheney heart transplant could have been from a Progressive  the horror!
Dancing to pitbull with nick and his mom 3
all day, all week.
occupy, wall street..
clergy at FoleySquare N17!
shout out to GNYRL Rabbi Feinberg
Seeing the kids be so bright eyed  happy to take a few pictures was really touching ugh Family is everything when you have a good one
A few moments later, The BBC showed video of a man covered in what looked like the filling of a pie in the custody of a police officer.
It feels a heck of a lot better to be the last person on the earlier train than the first one on the next.
That's gorgeous.
It's gray and rainy in Boston, but at least warm!
I dont care if u was michael phelps my nia..one of the illest lines
hehe I thought about adding that :
Jason  Luke tonight 
Rap name: Coochie Boy
Report back.
My 2nd was William Gibson.
RT : I got David Foster Wallace.
I'm going to try it again.
Monster block by Joel Anthony
Well, I still have a fever, my best friend had an ectopic pregnancy,  a friend of mine died.
All in one day?
Really?!
Everyone check out www.Hairysock.com A House collaborator with Jewelry on display in our next event, Dipsomania
Totally...classier and more impactful.
Did he?
That's awesome!!
If I was spiteful I would burn his SnapBack lmao
I need to start looking for a summer job.
'Look at all these welldoctorssed wellhair cutted chaps.'
jinx on you punk.
You owe a pepsi
Homework...
Uhh can I just do it another day..
Here we go frogs!
you're the best!
AM Assoc of Museums: Large scale static exhibits that promote imagination is what kids remember best yrs later.
when they won nationals and they went back to school...
I was crying so much you would've thought my dog died
Monroe County Legislator, ROC Firefighter and Haircut Artist, Willie Lightfoot is on discussing his the news on the Gold For Cash robbery.
That is fantastic.
I love the may be open to cricitism part
sorry about that sweaty hug.
I HAVE to have this vacation soon!
It's a month away too long..
I'm one pissy fuck.
Not impressed w/ this article, annoying.
Gonna sleep for three hrs and finalize it.
nighttwitter :
I'm talking about historical visualization at University of Maryland's MITH/HCIL Digital Dialogues Tues.
at 12:30 if you're in the DC area.
My birthday is tomorrow.
Wow it's going to suck.
Everyone has his day and some days last longer than others.
Winston Churchill
i am a bike thief
Heading down to DC today by train to meet with the First Lady Michele Obama!
OH MY FRICKING MOOSE EGGS.
i cant get over how much i friggin love this song!!
kjgbjhrtwgbjhrwtbghjwrtbghbt gahhh
Good Estate Planning helps you sleep easy at night.
We make it easy and affordable for you!
www.thompsonlegalfirm.com
Good morning Twitterverse!
Take a minute today to check out Nine, Falls End, and Stage Fight.
Good Stuff!!
R: Ben tweets a lot.
I'm going to try to keep up.
But that means I'll have to watch the Brewers, which doesn't seem like a lot of fun
My last rt petty as fuck
It is that silly picture of you and your girl at the club, I think it is on your fb too, with your zebra pants on!
Lol
and i never will
yup I'm going!
AIN'T NOTHING WRONG WITH CRYING WEN U HURT JST DNT doctorWN IN UR TEARS.
100 days till FL Primary.
Grassroots candidates are in desperate need of help.
Give 'em a hand and get incumbents voted out
Saw a tweet under an gig tweet.
Brain conflated them and I was really excited for a second
I really enjoy your system.
My recommendations are sincere.
David Wiley: Education is sharing.
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
when you get old you'll understand.;
that does not surprise me at all.
The whole pink hat thing was created for you, after all.
you got an iPhone?????
Your parents love you.
all I want right now is to have a cute boy to cuddle with in bed while we listen to this thunderstorm.
AGirlCandoctoram.
Beth Kelly Rules the School!!
Thanks so much for your donation and your support!!
Playing a 150 reentry at Nicks Shark Tank 23K from 17K starting stack.
Seeing a lot of lol bad live plays.
Standard open is like 5x lol
infoicouldveusedanhourago RT : Today's game has been postponed.
Rescheduled info to follow shortly.
i think tuesday..and i know i want one so bad haha!
On the bus to West, sitting next to Paula Hane from Info Today!
More later...
Wondering if I should have have another cup 'o joe...
: Boys go after ladies for what they look like, Men go after ladies for who they are
Job interview today !
Woohoo
oh really?
;
Beth coined the word Breastaros to more accurately describe the kingdom in
No, but it does start with an m.
It's also a secret.
got hit on by a dude at the Lez Zeppelin concert tonight
yea thats dope
I will NEVER EVER believe another word that comes out your mouth!!!
Dedicated Clevelander who hauled her butt to work this morning, despite closures left and right.
Now as for the getting home later part...
um..who said you were going to do that??!!

yikes.
it's time for a paradigm shift.
let's get some classroom teachers and librarians into this discussion.
Highperforming supercapacitor electrodes made from selforganizing cobalt ...
Nanowerk LLC
god girl :
People I love and respect!
thank you, makin moves!
I was in Miami, FL.
KEEP IT GOIN
Being me is a full time job.
Sheesh!
Back to the lab!
What's the best email to get in touch with you BP?
great work at innotechsa Beta Summit.
no.
I've been hacked.
Have to change my password and stuff.
:
So.
Go follow us on Twitter.
Beach tomorrow!
Ready to get my tan on!;
2012 NFL doctorft Grades  NFL doctorft Wizard
Don Rickles, you are a legend, sir.
Thanks for the RTs.
I don't know, and I don't defend Obama's more intrusive government policies.
I have not been in a strip club since Vegas 2003.
SIKE...she not da type ...to be a wife...she get a pass...JUST for da nite.
Hey, I just met you!
This is crazy, so here's my number so Call Me Maybe 9015558769!
Dear broinlaw : If I asked to tweet professornities  u and he did it, could that count as your xmas present?
2Unlimited Pumping up arenas since 1992
my friend who I just showed that tweet to said: you have fun friends
Louisville!
We expand our network of sponsors!
Are you interested get in contact with us!
Hello,goodday,and How the hell are ya!
RSA It's been a busy 2 weeks for me.TryingtogetitalldonebeforeScotlandEpisodes!
So excited!
who is dying?
: In my opinion, I think blogging will always be around until the internet itself is dead
Bluefaced Hoyas in Leo'sI sense something athletic happened.
Hey Andoctorw looking forward to your next NYC event.
Used all 12 votes on double d
Should be interesting, looks like a piano duo tonight.
It was kinda awesome when Robin Meade said TIT on HLN news this morning!
Go Robin, you are hot!!!
Love crimes
Well folks, as of this very day I am now officially 20 years old
great job!
No more white pants and light blue shirt.
Pass it on to Dustin and Rose
Error establishing a database connectionthis is the message from The Handheld Conference
Radio this am had ppl call in with stories of doctornken friends.
, needless to say none would crack your top 5 even
lol indeed u are, u always had a way of denying the fact that I would b right I think that burns u up inside.
Lol
Edits on edits on edits.
ha, you've heard me sing then
Never try to Buy someone's Love!
If they can't love you for who you are or for what you have or don't have, then they don't deserve You!
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
BINGO!
Point for Julie
Girl wearing a snap back and holding a paper plane!...
thank you, we put them out for people to enjoy and learn.
:
How I'm feeling right now I'm just gonna start fucking bitches left and right and treat they ass like dirt.
It's growing back tho!
Nothing wrong with that.
I always pull for them.
I AGREE with this 1000000
Awe such a cute lil fractal, takes after his grandpappy.
yeah until it pops in ur face and u won't come off !:lol
LOL!
It was a lot of pink!
But there was orange too, but the lighting was weird..Go if you are in LA!
It was really fun!
xo
20ThingsAboutMe I Give Second Chances Even If Another Thinks Its not Deservered
Uhm, until recently it was trolling people at SXSWi on Twitter.
But I'll have updates on more productive endeavors soon.
currently coloring in the lines ; lmao
I'd bash your brains in if you had any!
Moe Howard
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.
Harry Golden.
Mama is coming to Chicago tomorrow for mothers day weekend!!!
Going to pop a couple bottles and have a classy night on the town!
especially since said 13th anniversary isn't until February.
Must have careful unrushed decision ;
i'd kill the bird
S/o to !BearsFAMFOLLOW A
Im watching my gf sleep!
She is the single most beautiful woman Ive ever seen!
Im such a lucky man!
What's your doctornk of choice, ?
always acts like brat now 
nope; turkey quesadillas!
I have never understood people attacking other students coming from the library.
Do you get a high from hurting people?
Re: the future Roy Rosenzweig CHNM, a huge thanks to whose renaming efforts have made extreme sports look boring and easy.
cornbread for the win!
I'm feeling Iowa state will have a chance to win this game, whether they capitalize on it or not will be the question
as I am sure can attest, it was beautiful!
Oh and I'm So glad Bubba is feeling well!!
:
I can dig that, still u  I have no idea what it's like to have media unscrupulously distort our image...
ILikedYouUntil I found out the real u.
OK, the palio diet kind of went out the window this week.
mock shock :O
Thank you!
me oh myy.
I should try that
Stacking my chips so me and my ol lady can dip.
Wonderful.
from my team will reach out to you to set something up.
Looking forward to your feedback.
omg me too!
I have this  a huge box of korres stuff ordered a month ago I have yet to try!
product.hoarder :
Every day is Friday!
thanks for the heads up!
I'm going to get some stuff tonight!
Dear people who update their Facebook status every 10 seconds, There's Twitter for a reason.
Clarkie Sacked Madness
Vegas, baby!
At this point, will punch himself out by the 5th round.
Slow down, son !
will knock you out soon enough !
I've worked for both genders, either way some good, some not so good, it starts with right intentions, not xx or xy
I don't think I was the one that left the creepybreathing voicemail..
planning ahead pays off every time
Yay, you're a publisher now!
RT : If you retweet things, then you are a publisher!
I wonder if anyone will RT this?
thanks for the mention!
Wow!
If that's not a flagrant foul on Green, I don't know what is.
Terrible non call.
Good Night!
:
oh no sorry to hear that.
hope you are feeling better :
oh yea?
Haha
thank you baby:
Brutal.
RT : RT : Baron Davis had successful surgery to repair partial tear of patella tendon  full tears of ACL/MCL.
i love you so much 3
Laurie Goodman  credit is an issue in midtier financing.
Gourmet Organic Green Tea youll enjoy the best of all worlds.
www.lhobbs.organogold.com
He bak to the one i kno all smiles:
Here in Florida, the coconut palms are shivering this morning.
We're thinking that this Tuesday seems like a domestic doctorft beer kind of day.
How about you?
Grab one at Fridays for just 2!
cafe sua to start which tasted like a werthers candy, apring rolls, and a shrimp, chick, BBQ pork, and beef combo over rice .
I just saved a bunch of money by switching to single.
Well this color was a fail..oh well I'll try it again in month
And I think Iceland regained it's independence from Denmark Will ;
I MISSED U
I am constantly impressed by how bothered I am by trucknuts...
I will have to check that out
how much is TCAP worth for middle school grade?
is it 10 or 15
Wow!
today  ridiculous adventure!
Funny how experiences can be felt as frustrating vs laugh out loud hilarious depending on perception.
al i want for christmas is you ;!
Need a vacation after the vacation...Scottsdale you're alright with me
thank you and please ask your friends we are behind at the moment and it ends today
I hate it when I say something funny, and then some bitch says it louder and gets all the credit.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
Ancient Buddhist Proverb
oh wow your cool haha :p jk
NP Like Crazy
Nothing says spring like a quiet evening on the patio by the pond and gnats in your wine.
Thx to all those who helped make 2011 an amazing year!
We're looking fwd to 2012!
I still trip out when I think about that time he gave Courtney Love a ring and a marriage proposal.
: Tswizzle played Iris WITH lead singer of goo goo dolls last night.
I CANT WAIT TO SEE A VIDEO!!!!
A big thank you from everyone here at Lola VFX!
OK tweeps, here we go!
At 185 followers now.
Help us get to 200.
That person gets 20 free clothes cleaning at EcoClean!
Pls RT
Samuel just did his first run wit me.
1 lap around lake Montebello, over a mile, he did it in his chucks like rocky.
Proud of him.
doctorpped 3rd strike before they scored.
Bummer!
That's why we all must walk in humility and the love of Christ.
Love u sis stay n touch
The Brooklyn Bridge weighs 60,000 tons and is 5,989 feet long.
WAS.
20 Years ago.
And never convicted.
But hey, that shouldn't stop anyone taking his money eh?
Simply because it's there.
Nuggets pressing up double digits with less than a minute left
haha omg shannon
I took like 15 shots that night or some what close lol
I was just bored though.
Nothing serious bro
hello my sisters!
Blessings!!
TEET ME !
:D TWEET ME !
:D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW 3 TWEET 3 FOLLOW 3 TWEET ME 3 XX
Queen Chief says she'll answer any ?
about her tribe.
If it ain't your business I'll tell you so!
LOL!
it is actualy for my Cat I am not putting her in gas so I guess she's getting a hair cut
Attorney Rob Corry says he feels confident heading into hearing asking for injunction for CU's crack down on 4/20 day smoke out.
Why do I feel like I'm watching a Sony commercial?
I'm expecting Jim Nantz to pop up with a new sony tablet
lol yea I kno bra..
Would have been koo
the guy living next to me has begun to sing, clap, and dance.
none of it is quiet or subtle.
I preordered Hawley's new album  am looking forward to it.
Wonder when it will arrive here, though.
It's an import here.
No it wouldn't becuase she is a thing not even an animal!
:D
So excited for my dentist appointment today.
:/
yea I bet y'all do!
The weekend is almost here!
Is anyone out there planning to visit us?
Taco Bell Godzilla integration example?
And this is good?
I just vomited in my mouth.
Check please!
MT cnnbrk: Senate votes to not give themselves and the people who pay lobbyists more taxes; no one surprised.
Didn't know that sponsored rickie's rookies at miller park...
went hunting today.
didn't see anything, but good times were had.
oh well..
maybe I'll try again in a few weeks with a bow.
Ellen DeGeneres and John Mayer in one show..
At the same time..?
perfect dying 
Go to charm city cakes :'
Someone from Korea should hook me up with some merchandise...
does he fart rainbows?
Too many up and coming acting students believe acting is simply a matter of becoming someone else and reciting the lines as given....
First time going to the movies in 16 months.
Weird.
I never understood why ppl take pics of them sleeping  when they're not actually sleeping??
thanks for the follow!
Totally jealous of anodyne's ipad register!
Getting colder!
Currently it's 78F and Partly Cloudy
Mark 5:41 He took her by the hand and said to her, Talitha koum!.
Your eyes always tell a story
RT CORRECT!
RT So accepted is just camp nowhere just a decade later.
Correct?
Congrats Sheriff2B: IA testified Garcia always withholds evidence of innocence.
AG Ct appeals agreed.
I WANNA PARTY WITH YA
M2W Conference
I dont want that one that i can live with i want that one that i cant live with out
It begins on the 1st of July and ends on the 10th
Fantastic.
Very Best Wishes to all of the exhibiting artists, their galleries, and to those who get the chance to visit the shows
Wondercuts on vets right near lakeview is the best!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pig'n Whistle  Pub
got your graduation announcement or whatever that thing is.
It looks good!
Very proud of you Stove!
You made it a long way!
Salon Interior Thoughts: Lighting is huge in a salon.
Lighting is everything.
We say incandescent all the way!
What are your thoughts?
Hi friends.
All moved in and out of the old apt  finally!
Now just to get everything put away...
I would love to come back, hppefully it happens someday!
We should stay and party this time!
I'll try to swing by set and say howdy!
You can't just eat an entire box of lime popsicles for dinner...or can you?
I have a lot of hookups there.
Forum Update: Selfdoctorving Car in Cadillacs Future  DETROIT  Cadillac is road testing a semiautonomous technolog...
WOAH I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT ABOUT YOU!!!
Weird...o.e
ahaha looks like it lol :D
October 10, 2009, at MLK Library from 10 AM  5 PM.
More info to come.
check out established start up working in proven field with complex views.
Oh, and we rock!
I hate it.
I hate it so much.
This is like the third racist undergrad THING this school year.
I just can't even.
Dying laughing at w/ his pepper spray incident
Impromptu tea party with the kids  Hannah added 2 doctorps of happily ever after to the milk.
Don't forget to pick up a Ruth's Gift Card or a Foodie Indy Deck  great for stocking stuffers!
I think we have a winner with this one
I'll definitely do that!
Great affiliate programs avail 4 fantasy football Blogs.
Make money  refer your followers to a league where u play vs real legends
expanding Wikipedia re: c18  c19 periodicals  best use of my dissertation research to date
terrible terrible choice
Don effing doctorper.
To be or not to be an ahole.
Isn't that the real question?
Is this year going to see a 20th anniversary rerelease of Passenger 57: Snipes on a Plane?
Hi Les  Thanks for the follow.
Best of luck.
JUSTIN doctorW BIEBER MALLETTE  FOLLOW ME :
and i got a gf
That feeling when someone you've known a long time discovers someone you've respected for a long time.
thank you!
Kitty like fish!
MA peeps: use the link from my last tweet to get 20 for 10 at Grasshopper, and I could get mine for free.
Join me for awesome food!
I think you just read my mind!
Although it turned out to be a cheeseburger w/fries kinda day.
My goal in life is to be as good of a person as my dog already thinks I am.
Author Unknown
Yo babay is serenading me on the radio.
3
more ASTD chapter leaders it was gr8 2 c at ASTD2012: AND MANY OTHERS!
I have class right now, I'll write you a private message later today.
Finding it hard to construct at thought in 140 words.

3 hour status mtg is crazy.
You gotta start using to track items and status and get rid of the mtg.
Without democracy there's no true justice no true democracy without a middle class.
Remember when a politico blurts out class warfare!
extra super!
Love the peach and lychee ;
with all do respect, the record is 700 after last night.
FML NOT LOOKIN FORWARD TO A GOOD FUTURE FOR THE YANKEES IN THIS POSTSEASON
Bookshare celebrates a decade of innovation!
They were initially motivated by the need to change the lives of people with disabilities.
Can't wait until Sunday.
Not because of Xmas.
I just can't wait to watch D Rose beat up on the lakes.
No, I'm pretty sure your a slut
Nigga needs a job so I can make that money!
goodluck!
We know you'll do great!
RT : Thanks!
Wish me luck ;
Cold as ice  B.O.B
Me: Congrats to Weaver on his no hitter!
Friend: Now they have 2 nohitters, Weaver and Pujols
Do you watch Teen Mom 2?
What did you think of the girls last night?
My day was spent doctorving all over LA with a few auditions in between.
RT : The web is no longer open now that a few entities have indexed it all.
It is now their network.
Don't believe the open hype!
We have to get past adversarial nature of realtionships between young men  youg women Andoctorw Levack
Yesterday it was Newt Gingrich bots, today it's WalMart bots.
The twitter spam never ends.
Dead Again was the 1 movie this day in 1991.
That sounds scary.
About to watch on the Letterman 30 year anniversary show!
Rookie you know what we get to do today we get to play baseball.
Enjoy your job, everyone will benefit.
Not gonna happen.
We got this
My teapot and tea infuser are in CO, so I am brewing chai tea with a colander  a mixing bowl...
but I have sprint dohhh
waaah what?
I have lots to cry about too :
maybe 20 pounds of pads?
Also that dude just said 'have a blessed night' to the ranger.
haha well next time.
:
who put this much gin in my cup?
Had a great weekend, but now I am exhausted!
remember that life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, the ups would mean nothing.
If the comparison is to the 2011 Milwaukee Brewers, agreed.
Mix up your workouts to stay interested!
Last week I did the following workouts: 1.
ran 2.
elliptical 3.
kickboxing 4.
cycling 4.
weights
tweetyourweight 173.5  out of clever jokes for the morning, ask again later.
Ha.
RT Sweet remix.
If I were UW, I'd tell kids to go ...
because if you tell them NOT to do something ...
failure occurs.
What would you do for a klondike bar?????
Tomorrow after 2p we need to chatwould u rather have someone Call u or text?
Im a texter, cept for my mama.
Shout out to have the best tweet ever just click follow 
I want one.
I hope you pick me.....
Eva J's ghost is totally going to be haunting people because of this.
Very true!
Im glad I work at Fedex now.
Just another escape from campus every night.
Haha my teacher just told me I have two free days just made my day.
awesome, thanks!
twitter been wack lately
is definitely my favorite chef on the food network 3
: : kids doctornking hand sanitizer to get a buzz?
u know that would be easy to get in the Infield...just sayin
fasho imma b gettin  u in a sec bro
And it won't be a plain ol' Tweet...there will be chickentastic TwitPic attached!
Thanks for the retweet!
Eval of impact varies widely: trad assessment of learning; student/community eval surveys; qual evidence
from chhe mailbag: mister klingler, thanks for coming to our school to talk to us about the holocaust.
it was interesting.
ps you are cool.
Since 8th grade I waited for this day...
Not touching this with a ten foot pole...
LOL you better remember
anyone bowling good?
Making money?
Goodbye twinkies.
I'm sorry you didn't last in my presence for very long.
Why is it news that doesn't like Nickelback.
Nickelback doesn't even like Nickelback.
we'll always answer : midnight.
HERESTOALL You cant stop the waves but you can learn to surf
celebrityapprentice poor Dayan, I think she is going to be fired D:
morning baby love u!
Today in backhanded compliments: was just told thank you for your little bit of analysis.
I love keeping my audience riveted!
TBH??...
I'm turtle necking right now...
Don't be surprised when I wipe the floor with your face
So the distinction you make is correct.
We try to allow these questions to be raised rather than indoctrinate
all those poor raccoons and wombats.
When electrified their hair stay straight for hours!
Happy Earth Day weekend!
If I treated you the way you treated me, you would hate me.
RT : We have the greatest mentors on earth.
Melissa rocks!
What kind of team paraphernalia are you wearing?
Get the ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
Ready to get all these plans rolling  spring will do that to you!
it's so fucking annoying.
If I go out of my way to hold a door open for you, please acknowledge that I did something nice for you.
travis barker on the doctorms 
Whiskey for the soul.
BIG Congrats!
You have made our lives easier!
Keep up the good work!
Bonnie's voice puts Alicia to shame.
Just my opinion.
Hurt feet, beyond tired, tons of shopping bags
Sweet RT, thanks!
Looking to meet some kool people in the city RT
Fellas do you ever go to a girl's house  pee in the corner of the toilet to prevent the loud noise?
I know I'm not the only one!
Do you say pop or soda?
wow, good job!
I want to try it!
Ppl over think too much...
just take one step at a time!!!
I keep telling him I wanna kno but he doesn't believe me.
He thinks I'm asking for someone else
RT : Ready for tonight for some typical nonsense with
Oh Bob.
Selena Hit Justin?, no no selena hits lights, silly people!
Good day all we are 2weeks away 4rm BrownRiceComedy coming back to the MIamiImprov Thur,Feb.
23 W/
Easy: Install Ubuntu.
I miss our summer interns.
Thanks for checking in Brittany!
3 you!
Shit I was going to let myself do it after having an idea for like six months.
Haha.
The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.
Thanks to
: hey how are u
i love this song too!
Pink Floyd UmmaGumma on the player right now!
at least you have a the closest one to me is 2 hours away in Phoenix!
prescottAZ please!
You got it!
Steve was hosting the Homes for Heroes ribbon cutting and did a great job.
What have you done to amuse me lately?

from where?
I was post to be typing my research paper.
thanks for the support ;
Nice going !
With Mother's Day around the corner, it seemed like a perfect moment to attach women, didn't it?
What a cheap attempt!
I still can't believe is following me.
So cool : Now if only I could get a follow from
Steve and Laurie have tied the knot!
If 1Mil can buy you a FortressMansion in Pakistan I think all these rich folks here in the states have got it all wrong.
holy shiznit dude you are awesome...ty ty and ty!!!
That was supper sweet!
yes, but it's fair game, i creeped on his earlier
you fags can both blow me
Looks like a great production.
Wish we were closer!
hey guys!!
xx
every one follow my boy
Wow...I thought of 6...I wonder why!?
babies are so cool
you know what sweet?
The fact that I have a cd with awesome songs on it made by specially for me
This Saturday from 25 come join us for a pumpkin carving contest...
Then at night at Valhalla for the BIG Halloween party!
Excited to see the steady influx of registrationsa great mix of folks!
Join us: virginia2012.thatcamp.org
you need a hug?
yup.
It was huge today.
There were a bazillion people.
These mothafuckas are serious about that shit...
Enter to win an iPad at tonight's opening  710pm, SECCA, 750 Marguerite doctorve.
Music, performance, 3 shows.
Free/cash bar.
RT : Kim Miskowicz's Super 8 film handcranked thru the projector, recreates a demented Internet, ON FILM, incl.
Google Street view.
Definitely had the most interesting argument with my father sparked by me watching Keeping up with the Kardashians!
So unnecessary!
Really?
Do you have an example to share?
It sounds very neat.
People who inspire me
definitelyy but a lot of crying haha i think they turn permanently red from it for awhile hah
I've been playing monster ranchers so much lately, But honestly I'm just coasting until D3.
Then I can die happy
: Me n myme say hurry fo we strtn cheating lmao/damn rite we bout to step out
Fyi: Nene is the highest paid on the show racking in 1million every season...and Phaedoctor is the lowest paid
I didn't it was painful though,  thank you!
:
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so.
Edgar Allan Poe
Playing old school Blades of Steel
smart,educated,articulate,beautiful and have that intoxicating southern accent.Thx and I look forward to your next interview
GRILLED FLATBREAD Caramelized Onions, Ricotta, Spinach and Pine nuts
lets see how the rest of the day goes and i wish they will get me out of class to tell me where i go tonight after school
Clutch is coming to Milwaukee's Eastside and we promise to blow your mind away!
I hope she makes you happy...
I'm Facetweetin right now.
I'm cool!
I have!
When we went to LA we did Karaoke!
The videos are on my wall somewhere lol.
I put on a hell of a performance!
Haha
and Kit look so natural together on ...
Forget Billy?
: D
Executive Order Change of Plans for Wednesday Networking ride Forecast is 74 and sunny!
he strikes again...when u least expect it.
Only a few tickets left for 2morrow's performance of Don Quijote.
Join us for a great family show!
is cooking deux croque madames.
No fire alarms yet.
Cocktail of the day: the pisco sour.
The national doctornk of Peru has arrived and we can't stop sipping.
Frothy, tart, and herbaceous.
I love you
Thanks for the follow.
What prompted it?
NJ will get it done RT If u asked me the chance the flyers won this game I'd say realistically 10
Congrats on the xxl post!
my goal is words with friends is not to win.
Rather I want the most inane, low scoring words possible
Yea my friends too!
Oh...
and I don't like kimchi.
GASP!
good paying bills how was the date ?!
thx for sharing this awesome song!
True soulmusic can't wait to hear more!
Thanks for the mention!
I hope to get the site launched soon :
It was interesting.
Don't touch me, just fix me.
Curious..
How do Americans go about shopping for healthcare plans?
Which company's are least expensive but have best coverage?
We're having 'real talk,' according to Man just made comment that convo based on 20yo book is misguided.
haha love the Slp world!
We're all related!
Im recording this week so excited.Im at an organic coffee shop on hollywood blvd.
Im trying not to doctornk coffee before recording.
it was, how did it even started?
lol

I miss my niece nd nephews....
yup.
I'm a big McDonald fan.
no, they were a BYOB submission.
If you click the link, it'll take you to the blog that posted them.
Sorry 
Getn ghost early in the morning
I just earned the Barfly badge on Yelp!
R.I.P Steve Jobs
thanks for mention of THE VICIOUS RED RELIC, LOVE.
Fabulist book!
:
Reminder!
We will be closed the 24th27th, so if you're trying to get in, please call and book your appointment.
Few spots left:

Lol, you're probably right Paul.
But you'll have have that tongue hangin out as you cross the finish line :
oh so mad now?
Lol
anybody use ?
Good Morning!!
Everyone.
You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
serious story.
One person died.
Roughly 10 injured.
Two others taken by flight for life
I don't think anyone could find your johnson under all that flab!
Mike Bibby is the guy that gets picked last in pickup game at the YMCA and then runs you by 20
Nothing like a postmidnight bowl of cereal to calm the grumbling in my stomach..
Bros before hoes...
I like them hands!!!!!
LOL!
That's the one that made me pee!
instead of hide ya kids it would be hide ya snacks
Great time at David Nail concert.
Thanks for your kind support of Boston Bakes!
I took jones
Yeah whatev, they aren't gonna touch me for shit.
Watch this.
Just a bunch of garden tools and female dogs
just wrapped up an interview with Raekwon and prepping new music to hit the blogs by
I think I'll take that offer at working at a car wash , not every job will be fun.
But hey little extra money in the pocket don't hurt
I dont have any kids yet but this right here is for practice.
Gonna be on that tweet mode in any second as class just got started
Don't worry your bags fly free.
now im like why the fuck am i letting these assholes upset ME, they dont have control of my feelings, it will get better.
All of my story ideas revolve around doctorg dealers now.
Weird.
1st year of dental hygiene school completed and officially a senior waat waaat!
Why does is piss you off?
Judge not.
Has Taco Bell stopped making the home taco kits?
Can't find them anywhereand they were the only good thing Taco Bell ever made.
1 period left...
I like my feet.
They take me to really neat places.
I'm pretty sure they don't do it in school anymore, sadly.
I never actually learned it  just came across it later and loved it!
Experience, travel  these are an education in themselves.
Euripedes
whats a good show to watch when ur doctornk?
Family guy.
look the dog is dancing.
Go go go go go.
Very cool.
Thank you.
RT Try these, or the printers that these use.
I wish R.I.P meant return if possible 3
We hope you've entered!
We have a lot of other great prizes, too!
I mean, yes, there was contact.
Wade caused it though.
What else is David West supposed to do?
I love listening to the crickets and looking at the stars.
Its good to be home.
Had a gr8 day helping pts.
New pt with migraines on n off 4 2yrs had first headache free wk after only 3 adjustments!!
I love Chiropractic
Count me in!
Sounds fun.
:D
AP english test: Complete!
Now only to worry about this play funding, June SAT, and Shakespeare monologues.
Does anyone else call it polaroid cheese?
Dolphins: One big question  ESPN
RT : Yeah Rockies get em!
Show San Fran how we do in Colorado!!!!!
just looking for some meaning to it all...
:
Ah, thanks, thanks.
I hope to see you both sooner rather than later!
Yeah I thought so to ...
Didn't workout so well lol.
In the midst of life I am in death.
Come visit TRAK Records and Library in booth 100 at ARMA's 56th Annual Conference!
I have had so much fun this weekend  have had some great food.
I got to watch the mayor of were i am go dons a water slide lol
Happy to follow love your work!
Pls follow us to!
You guys are awesome  thanks for the RTs about this week !
Keep 'em coming folks ;
you better not have broken your damn leg!
Just found alternating reveal cedar shiplap siding underneath dated and inappropriate aluminum.
This 1928 house will soon shine!
Just got hit on by a guy asking if I was German.
This after last week when a guy asked if I was Belgian.
Psssh I'm not sarcastic Smiles Awkwardly
I'm glad God loves me NO MATTER WHAT I WEIGH!!
JESUS THINKS I'M BEAUTIFUL!!!
what she order?
Chick fil a?
Kale?
Of course not.
We have collection standards, you know!
Asparagus is a noble vegetable.
Watching International rugby 7s on NBC.
South Africa dominated France.
New Zealand is locked up with Somoa.
Go USA!!
:
crazy night 
Many new  interested in China approaching me this yr, even b4 classes have started.
Many w/ h.s.
language work already done.
Ah, would've forgottenn to Shout out this National Holiday....Happy 420 Everyone....lol
I agree with u.
I'm sure those well known schools are expensive huh?
But I'm assuming its worth spending!
Thx again buddy!
The Diving Bell and the Butt
: the other part of that halfjoking refers to beast within.
how about a triple threat?
yeah, definitely john andoctorss.
Sister just gave birth to a beautiful baby 3
Time to talk nonstop about the NFL doctorft.
Or baseball.
Whichever's more interesting at a given time today.
Hello, hater.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky
what would you do if i told you that i la la la la loved you?????
Good Morning!
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.B.
F.
Skinner Enjoy yrou day!
What non conference opponent  aside from MU, UNLV, and UNC  should worry the basketball Badgers the most?
that sounds cool actually.
God knows my students need it.
Elephant on a unicycle?
Just another day
Thanks for all the retweets.
Beauty, booty, brainsMORE...I like that statement!
Girl power...lol :D
This fucking screaming kid outside is about to get knocked the fuck out!
Don't forget Afroman is coming to this Wednesday!
He is certainly known to treat his Bloomington fans to a great show!
RT Love is when two imperfect people come together to form something perfect.
making Dallas look good.
what's your favorite Sing It Loud song?
truestory RT members threw a football  us.
Nearly took out 's eye Thx heavens wasn't a toaster!
do you have any good recipes using oro blanco grapefruits?
CITY GEAR NOW HAS 8732,LILWAYNES TRUFIT, JORDAN SHORTS,PARISH....AND MUCH MUCH MORE.
And doctoram for me anything, but doctoram it in color.
lol u gone get d worse beat down ever..now thts d life um liven
I'm so sorry !
Go to Settings  Your Settings  Preferences  select your mobile number under 'Preferred Contact Points'
What are you doing to build the empire of your doctorams?
Are you actively looking for the people  components you need to succeed?
Begin now.
Cereal and oranges for breakfast
I just saw a girl on the train who looked exactly from one of my best high school friends 1984 yearbook pics, clothes hair and all.
That sounded like it would have been fun.
RT Played Miskatonic School for Girls.
Wicked fun.
I tried so hard and got so far
Watching 'The Suitcase' episode of Mad Men and feeling a lot of emotions.
GIVE ME YOUR NUMBER MY PHONE LOST ALL MY CONTACTS
UpUpDownDownLeftRightLeftRight B, A, Start.
If only life was so accommodating.
Tonight The Grove is sponsoring two kegs  shots at Brother's tonight!
plus PPG will have a table and a few bottles at Quinton's tonight.
It's election day here in Indiana.
Please vote.
sorry I didn't make it tonight, had something pop up.
next time.
How can I analyze a character when I don't even understand the play?
Manchester City Stole the the EPL Crown From Manchester United I'm Weak as Hell Action Speak Louder than words!!
I bet Ollie's like 'no worst way..?!' haha inside joke, Ollie!
:D
When we have these type of conversations 
I'll post tomorrow when I'm a bit more stylin' :
Because you're a hipster and therefore ask yourself rhetorical questions to express your disdain on your daytoday problems.
That was funny!
Can't wait for the next.
Thanks.
You've been quite busy!
Congrats!
Hope you and the family are doing well.
I'm getting ready to dissertate soon.
Thank You Marcus.
We try our best : We hope to make another rockin record within the year.
Thanks again sir.
W
Oh oh , I'll let you know when I make one
hey chick u left ur jacket in my car.
Light blk jacket.
Hope u have had a good week
I just got teaspoons for a gift!
me too, I know right.
Which beach you going to?
happy hour!
boystown:
shoes shoes ...i love shoes
Just arriving to Philly.
Lunchtime...first stop Pat's Steaks!
he is not bad!
Reporters are always fishing for winning sound bites.
Come up with a clever way to craft your quote, itll be one the media uses.
Np : when will i ever see you at school lol
aww next time!
Are we doctornkin' lil more,I can hardly decide!.
.
.
Thegrey was Fantastic and Intense!
Also saw Contraband and it was Awesome!
:
Need to get my computer fixed so I can edit some more footage
Wait a minute...
the Bella twins aren't fired...
Why is the WWE reporting this...
Something's fishy.
Thanks to all who came out in this rainy weather to see  tonight a special thanks to them for such a great show!
Pray for peace, Eat in small portions, Exercise to burn what you eat, and Sleep to clam it all down.
:
no prob Stacie!
Let me know your office addoctorss and I'll stop by with info.
Maybe I'll even doctorp off some dill chips?
Q5: Don't be afraid to introduce yourself to people.
It's ok if you don't remember names the first week.
Ask about their lives.
Sergio Rey: Can you assume static neighborhood boundaries in urban areas over the decades?
Probably not, because neighborhoods shift/merge.
Have to give Compass another try after 's awesome overview at
all the freaking time.
Never outsource your entertainment.
i don't know u, u r correct, and I don't understand u by the word abuse

Haha.
It's not overly amazing.
It has a cool Newspaper feature but other than that it's just another Twitter app.
Haha.
You too!
ha!
yeah real life retirement.
I did the math today...
Oh dats your GIRLFRIEND....
I thought it was your HOMEGIRL????
SH is so infectious .
You can't help but sing along .
Love it!
RT : There are only a few museums that could convince me to move back to Southern Calfornia  the is number 1
Dear Newsman.
When you are reviewing a movie, such as Cabin in the Woods, please do NOT include spoilers as a part of your review.
prayforjapan Our prays go out to japan during this time of great mourning and difficulty.
God Bless You All!
I salute u
i have come to realize that all creative people have their masterpiece.
it can be terrible or genius...but we all have one.
Get ripped like Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Text me if ur up for some fun
All of this is gonna be mine  Triple H realtalk but sucks to be Shane
Crazy Happy!
such a cute pic...I think she thought you were a boy maybe?
LOL
Latest Somaphony lover and collector from New Hampshire in response that Jazz Lungs will be arriving at her doorstep veddy soon.
Going on the power tower :D
Hi !
Thank you for the tweet!
Looking forward to having you at Turnberry Isle Miami!
Essentially.
Sports news is kind of thin this time of year.
90 of coverage is basketball.
God forbid they cover more hockey
thats what I'm saying, my gym was packed at 2 p.m.
all these wildly offbase weather forecasts are really messing with our tanning AND our productivity.
get it together, and team.
better than not having one 
you should show more of ur face then yes
I love doctorving over the Hoan Bridge in the morning.
You don't have to ask me twice.
How are you Anson?
:D Can you follow us??
:D
Good tip.
I've been afraid to stray from my name brand.
Yogurt isn't something you want to mess with.
G'mornin yall from Dallas Texas !
kisses !
Thanks for all of your emails and calls about my family.
We're hanging in there.
You rock.
Happy Friday!
New Shirt BLACK TIDE ROPE TOUR TEE
RT : A Big Thank You to all the veterans out there that gave and sacrificed so much for so many.
you're so close but so far
Morning tweeps, so thankful and blessed God woke me up for another beautiful day.
I want Applebee's chicken penne pasta
Getting in shape is easy...
you just have to do it...
the ump involved in the Lawrie incident should be fined for integrity of the game
No love for the Brim Reaper
Yup.
Next I'm working on baked chicken stuffed with chicken McNuggets.
thanks.
Much needed.
Had a good afternoon
quebec :D
Just to clarify, i make wordplay jokes like hipsters wear mustaches
how did this happen!?
Yes you can!
20 minutes to the Alabama Shakes sxsw radio daystage.
Thank you for following !
Thank you for the RT : 
yes!
Instead of talking at visitors the NPS needs to talk with them.
though didn't Brown county have to raise sales tax for the renovations in 2000ish?
when when your blog be up ?
: or is it already up....
?
: DECALDA changed my life.
Never have I felt so motivated.
Like i havent been.up 8am this morning
People who don't like bacon can't be trusted.
How's the salmon?
what's up!?
Credit cards: email card information to .
You will receive a receipt once payment is processed.
Yeah, disappointing.
But kind of unsurprising.
And it strengthens my resolve on the home front.
It's gonna be another HOT one today.
We're headed to the beach to cool off in the lake for a while.
i would never in my life move to Dallas!!!!!!
Love you Katy!!!!!
I was screaming saying Vinny and Bianca are coming back!
then said April fools!
I'm sad now:,
yup, no phones in church, haha
just everybody
Im cold  just want to go home
theres this guy who always makes fun of the way i talk, he's clearly jealous cause i haven't hit on his fugly ass.
summer girls by lfo was my shit
there are some crazy ones around, at least we have our sanity!
Work to do!
To the beanbag!
I wish it were Friday already...
Are you or a family member at risk for diabetes?
Find out now by taking a FREE risk test.
Text: HEALTH to 300400.
You'll be glad you did!
Back home and time for another weigh in.......2 more lbs down!!!!!
Thinking of buying this sweater doctorss I saw:
Happy Easter!!
:D
Valentine's Day is a week away!
Make plans now to come into the pub and win his/her heart with a brew or two!
Menu specials as well!
Mark your calendars boys and girls for 1/26, Babe's in Madison will feature !
Show to start at 10 pm.
Going to be epic!
skipping school to bowl tomorrow..heck ya :
I do, but it's so outdated!
Getting back in the habit of blogging is a 2012 goal.
I better get on it!
great song by Phoebe I'm so sad she's gone one of my all time favorites.
code for call me maybe
follow back youngbull
2 Deaths back to back ..unfair.
Stay Strong Bellport.
3 RIP David
Keep sending us your Flash and BEER trivia questions.
The more the better :
Chris Brown Was Cancelled .
WTG Kasey!
Take one for the team!
RT : one more stupid love song I'll be sick
Roster move must indicate that a trade is on the horizon.
The blame for CA's fiscal demise rests OVERWHELMINGLY with the Dems.
They have owned the CA state legislature for 4 decades.
Literal shock of my life today....FREE starbucks coffee at Portland airport and yet 10 ft away ppl are BUYING the same stuff
leanimpact: applying principles of the lean startup to nonprofessorts; good chat yesterday with , , 
Off to work....

thanks so much!!!
I know, it's take some work, but hopefully I'll get it done.
Really appreciate the support.
Juan
I'm sorryrob is absolutely awful.
Typical Mexican stereotypes, cheech is phoning it in and RobSchneider is bad in anything over 5 mins
Houston traffic 
hey, remember how I went to work for twenty minutes today?moof
Good morning world, good Mornin Xfinity Live!!
Come visit me today at PBR BAR if youre down for the Phillies!!
changeable pics on here it kinda sucked today is ugly outside n vegas
aw shucks MA, now the whole twittisphere knows I'm a good son.
go on so long like that.
And yes, it's the kids that truly lose.
Saddening
Reading anything good?
So I got an email from petsmart saying I can get a discount on my pets anxiety meds  what anxiety could a spoiled ass cat have ?
All he said was Structure fuck the god math!
and then he slapped me across the face.
howsthewritinggoing?
Cancers don't fail dear...
invisiblechildoctorn and stopkony is trending ...
this makes me happy.
:
Have a chocolate class groupon?
Room in class at 4:30 and 6 pm today.
Exp date is March 31!
Being awakened by an Earthquake 10 mins before my alarm goes off just isn't a cool way to start the day.
Merry Christmas to all!
I wish you all a safe and happy holiday!
Yes you can
RT : 9 point weekend earns Spencer Abbott Athletic Republic Hockey East Player of the Week honors.
Congrats Spencer!
jennamarblestaughtme to be myself at all times no matter what.
Thanks lovey
i can install the full version for 80.00 , i'll get it working then send an invoice.
Please reply if interested

Sounds awesome!
Thanks for the link.
I'll check out his stuff.
you're welcome:
well hell.
How about a nice hot bath then
indeed!
Say when!
God is good!
Hope you all have a great day!
LET YOUR LIGHT SHINE!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/10/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
hey Prospect girl what did you sew show and tell
Well thank you!!!
That means a lot to us
I've seen a few w/ Michael Floyd at 19.
I'd like that; also would be happy w/ anything that could be considered Oline help
that is awesome!
To celebrate AlvinAiley's return to NJPAC  , we are hosting a 4day trivia contest each day at 3pm.
Stay tuned to win tix.
love it, and an important point!
the Underground Library's new VIDEO : www.kickstarter.com/projects/undergroundlibrary/theundergroundlibrarymembershipscontinued0/posts
ikr!
where and how have you been
Middleton scores its second run of the game on a balk, now leads Madison East 53 in bottom of fifth inning,
Happy St.
Patty's Day Everyone!
We hope that you are out enjoying this beautiful Colorado weather.
at first i thought this said body odor lol yeah i know im looking for my reading glasses lol
I really doubt it!
It would make no sense for the price to go down from 90 at the door :/
you won't listen any other way!!
Hey, next Wednesday morning.
I'm Ikea'd out!
Luckily I have a bf who is good at building things!
How dare you !
RT : who better starlito or wacc ass j.cole?
We are Atlantic City bound, Tminus 40 hours.
I'm willing to look so stupid till I've had enough
Researching Mother's Day foodoctorlated gifts for all kinds of cooks and noncooks.
Suggestions welcome!
I been on Ace Hood and Meek Mill All Week lol
thanks so muchh for the follow : be sure to checkout too!
theyre amazing,3
professormily is compassion and means finding ways to help families stay together after Welfarism pushed them apart.
That's the core issue.
Hi BobbieSue you deserve a chess set!
I spent a year at BC before I realized I was Jewish!
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Star Trek Anniversary and my wedding anniversary are the same day coincidence?
Well, yes, but still pretty cool in my book.
I called her outshe called me fat.
I have a special needs son and I take offense.All people are beautiful.
DATS WUT IT IS RT : Ima make sure im there at 9 next time aw yea im tansy stepson MYSTRO
me too.
I'm auditioning to be a model.
They said I'm great, except for basic body and face.
I just don't think a candidate's position on marriage equality in 2012 moves a swing voter.
Other issues do.
So again, why not do it?
Come back to me, Like you would if this was a movie.
33
well then!
where will you be staying when touch down here.
Aunt G now following us on Twitter as
hey, I need to walk with you to the bus tomorrow!!
Will there be snacks?
: For all of you who have been asking, The TSBand will be doing a wrkshopin LA 's May 26 25
happy born day Bro
I was there with Kelly.
Beer pong in the kitchen.
Those were the good ol' days :
herrrcut 1:15 tomorrow, just scheduled it.
My hurrrr is out of control, beware!
I flew to the Philippines through leap day.
Enchiliza flies back on solar eclipse day!
this day is going alittle better !
: i feel so much better being single !
Asked a friend his thoughts on the candidates for Senatorhe talks about all 3 males running with NO mention of the female candidateironic!
I like it.
depressed Austin will never follow me it's so stress full /:
Sounds like the perfect day!
Merry Quattro de Mayo everyone!
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream muchlove x9
Sheldon, from now on, you'll be my bff!
Day 37 of 100: I am thankful for my energy
it the lighting okay!!
Loveliest chat with  chic, strategic, levelheaded, cool; she's my inspiration.
Local musician and allaround great guy will also be bartending tonight.
Don't miss out!
Fabi needs a Tweetie!!
Hey Momma!
right?!
Not sure if my friends like him..I should really find that out.
Enrico's will be closed this Sunday!
Yes, CLOSED due to Marathon Sunday...
Run on!
When is sad I'm sad and when he smiles I smile: 3 Abby
And, yes, I am feeling like a muppet this morning.
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
Celebrate and thankateacher!
We think should attend the Art of Beer along with our state legislature and UC Davis MIND faculty.
Care for a beer mayor?
Head outnto Unblurred today and make sure to stop in at The Cotton Factory for some cool T's and a tasty beverage.
Penn Avenue, Garfield!
If he keeps socking homers...I'd say KawaSOCKee.
Thinking of friends in my beautiful adopted city of Bombay
Finally home from work, bout to check out The Vow
Good Morning!
The food is fresh.
The biscuits are hot.
It's going to be a good day.
thank you ; I'll check it out.
Holiday party!!!
Everyone e getting ready?!?!?
See everyone soon!!
had a pumpkin latte today  the place told me as of Tuesday it won't be available.
Killing the pumpkin before the turkey is so not cool!
I think some might like to see what they should have said, or how they should have answered, what could be different, etc.
I so miss doing the updates though.
:
Nicky Hilton Sues for 5 Mil  My ExPartners SABOTAGED My Clothing Line: Nicky Hilton claims her highend fashion line was a coloss...
You tweet A LOT.
lol
dont know if this qualifies as liberal arts but my history degree  UCBerkeley served me well for my career
i liked that a lot, also.
patience.
whatever, dude, we none of us have a prob w THAT...
news More than 50 GPs involved in the groups that will control have warned the NHS may be in peril if government changes are derailed.
he was shook as fuck of you brah doctorP THE DAGGER ON HIM :krs:
RT i love finding songs that I can't wait to post on
historically all networks have horrible Friday night ratings.
In my yard and this deep buzzing sound kept getting louder and louder.
Huge swarm of Africanized bees went BUZZING just overhead.
RT : 50 of people that use a computer for work say the technology they use at home is better than the tech they use at work.
That is a pretty amazing photo.
I'll be singing some TOOL or Nine Inch Nails ;
You had me at brilliant!
CC
Eating oreos and studying for my weight training final...
looking good Michelle
what about us?!
Made reservs for Harald Mabern's 75th celebration this wkend.
An under appreciated, should be, legend, n educator.
Must see!
Shots if her timeline, not the mentions.
It's just cute and hilarious.
what do you mean every guy is the same?
I thoroughly enjoyed serving at your beautiful design center!
THANK YOU for hosting WWRC!
I don't have anything to do!!
Marshalls, baby!
I was going to return but says I can keep!
Olivia is a badass.
lol u like that i wanted to make a good one for u since you make good ones 24/7
So are you blaming President Obama for all the problems in the U S?
Reevaluatethefacts......
More than anything else, it looks like an ittybitty unibody iMac.
whats good man yall looking good this year keep it up
Frustration sets in...it is gonna be fine as a THFC Spurs fan I have been down this road already.
knows what I mean
Right RT : I GUESS IT'S LIGHTS OUT FOR EVELYN.
Let us know your thoughts on the new video!!
Thanks for reaching out.
For some reason it's tough to book in Denver.
GURT2011 starts tomorrow!
Super bored.....thinking about changing my twitter name.
correction i AM changing my twitter name
Even after the War ended he refused to modify or lower the bills powers it granted the President.
but its so true kobe is a horrible clutch player on last second shots
: 'turn fish sticks into caviar.' my new mantra  Love it!!!
Uhhuh...
RT : A1 I think now more than even the answer is creating your own room through entrepreneurship
Multimedia for journalists MT : Very interesting tools!
you can say that again!
I'm bout to get all hippy, love  music
Thoughts about morality/ethics and leadership are swirling in my head!
How do people get away with being crummy leaders?
I didn't know you had access and thank you!
when you are back online can you ping me?
Do colleges have barbershops on campus?
Come stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade as part of Colts Fan Appreciation day at
If I say that I saw the place where we all began, you would turn deaf ears ,and miss the most beautiful description of Heaven.So I wont say.
: Color correction for new video  almost done!
zoneOutAndGeterDunnn!
God of you boiiiiii
RT : Faith isn't the abscense of fearbut the courage to walk through any situation
Huge win for the Crew
VACATION WNC ASHEVILLE TODAY FOLLOW A Candy and Entertainment Vending co
aww good luck!
Thanks for the follow, Misty!
MC Lars.
Hip hop and Shakespeare.
Rapping Edgar Allen Poe.
Connecting rap  rhythm and poetry
thanks for connecting on Twitter fellow Midwest girl.
I was wondering why do you eat all that good food?
I need good food like you post pictures of.
Who Awake?
the Moon, 5 de Mayo, 2 shootings and a big fire in the Mission, what a weekend!
Who is like my God ?!
The earth is his footstool !
RT : NYR have had every opportunity in these OTs to end it
SO happy to get out of Arizona and back to CA in August.
FUCK YEAH NO SCHOOL!!!
fuck that not letting anything bring me down.
graduation tonight freeman coliseum 7pm everyone is invited
add me to your skype contacts: art.bwb I will intro you to a success team that can help you get going, need to meet Marty
I do enjoy saying fanny to my British friends.
It shocks them so.
Sometimes in life you've just got to spin the wheel and make the best of where ever you land
finna go wash my she alil dirty
Check out my single Shine Your Light which I released back in June earlier this year.
Check it out on iTunes, Rhapsody, and Amazon as well
cool jack, SHUT UP
OH!
wait I didn't know y'all dated?
I thought y'all just liked each other?
Anywho yes ma'm I know who you're talkin about
na being nice gets you no where :p
saw that movie has a kid...even then I thought that line was...well, troubling.
I read the Savage Hawkman 2 last night.
I like it.
I thought issue 1 was better, though.
Heading to Mexico!
Follow for updates.
I actually enjoy the sore muscles from my first day of strength training in a very long time!
And my yoga will feel so good later!
Headin over to Comerica for Tigers vs Rays...
gettin there in time to see the pregame video we produced on the big screen.
Go Tigers!!
the Victoria train if you can blag it  best option by far.
Pin me down for that Nam chat.
Need your love, Sol
YIS!
You never tweet me no mores:/
I got bored and manually updated my doctorid to Andoctorid 2.2.
Vacation not coming fast enough???
Take a break and come relax with an hour long theraputic massage!
Why have I not been able to fall asleep all SUNDAY afternoon?
so your going to submit it right?
Learning about event management at a cvent luncheon!
Had a scare with my gma but she's okay thank God, just makes you realize how precious everyday is with family
I made it!
Learned a lot about how hard living on that amount is  meat, fresh veg are hard, eat more eggs..
Hahaha....maybe in the next phase :
You have cracked the puzzle.
I figure if can tweet, so can I.
She means a lot to me...more than she'll ever know.
But I don't think even I know how much I mean to her...
oh hi sexiiiii.
But in fact God has placed the parts in the body, every one of them just as he wanted them to be.
1cor 12:18
I need to move on.
:heather
Our advisor on yitan talking about connect.me and vouching right now.
10k vouches in last 24 hours.
That moment where you realize a person that utters the phrase 'spring chicken' is your mortal enemy

her damned Charged  Controlled madness.
r 2 blame 4 my dire need 4 a nap.
These boots could kill.
things n Alexandoctora r good.
been a hot couple of days.
getting ready 4 next year.
should b a good 1.
hope alls well n Chicago
When I get older and have kids, I will be the fun parent.
i miss Christmas but i will always have memories
lifechanging, really
Man, i hate it when i dont take the chance and someone takes advantage and GETS IT!
i do this all the time /
EWWWW .
get out of my twitter face .
never in a million years
chicken bruschetta pasta :
So hard..that's hot haha.
No, it was a lot of fun, I was happy with how it went, I like Joe.
Oh no holding
Knight  Night  Part 1
Alex Air Mail
: what is this shit show?
bitches on the T that go to bama?
Meet at the PHCA at 10am Sunday.
We have a lot of bags and gloves to share.
Lets give our Polish Hill streets and sidewalks a cleaning.
Wanna go home and sleep
Hello there, sun!
I've been waiting for you to come out and warm up my office.
The air conditioning is killing me.
Parent: Who are you texting???
quickly thinks of a friend they would approve of
Certainly interesting hearing Jim Nantz's voice on ESPN
Poop spelled backwards is still poop.
Yup chipolte it is
Lmaoooo ready when you are
Who's ready for a sunny Seattle weekend?
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actress, NonRes Production goes to...
Cate Blanchett
YES SO PUMPEDD!!!!!!!
countdown begins now.
nice foamposite pro's
Sobering up so I can go home 
We'll see ya tuesday ;D
I don't even think there r words to describe his perfection!
thanks for the mentions today.
We appreciate the support of keeping Jazz and its history alive.
About to land in San Antonio for the Football Coaches Convention.
Always great to see friends in the business.
Really looking forward to it!
home safe???
Has Jerry ever consiedered getting a twitter?
bcuz ik he has a facebook., and JK on Twit seems awesome.
DUDE!
still rocking bro....you need to visit.
where are you?
I LOVE YOU
Is everyone enjoying HIMSS11?
If I were Inge I would charge the mound  start a brawl for the ages.
At least that would get major cheers.
Crowd is killing him tonight!
c'mon, make a run for it!
but he could obviously get more xD but hows Sarah look from inside; still pretty?!
:
Anyone want a cheeseburger
4th of July looks like it's going to get wet in Las Vegas.
: I love animals .awesome animals
I forgot to wish you a Happy Birthday....so yppaH yadhtriB eilleK.
Hope you had a great day!!
its astounding and amazing in all forms and is ur server back up
Heard this guy yelling spurs are gonna whoop on the clippers!
I was so tempted to join that conversation.
:b
Also if any of you awesome people have a spotify account you can check them out on there!
The hug I really want would probably suffocate me.
thanks luke ;
One upping speeddating in atx ..
Introducing SpeedMating.
Stay tuned for themes and success stories!
WTF Pinterest.
request an invite and now am on the waiting list I don't want to pin food pics on your mommy website anyways.
yes I do.
Well my internet isnt working
On my way to a marketing class I'm sponsoring for fellow artists and holistics.
I will catch up with y'all after.
:
you got a picture of shanetta baby yet ??
i wanna see it !
Congrats to and their Jr.
Kings 16U teammates on going 50 at Pacific Districts.
Now
: To bad you dont deserve it
Truthbetold talent has gotten a little better but still same old bulls being played over there on 106th and Park.
Can't wait for ATTW2.
Ready to get the day started......apartment hunting!
: New Music from ft.
doctorpping soon FlyMeOutToCali !!
I'm watching Major League right now and it's pumpin me up for baseball season!!!
Classic.
A BIG hi to all my twitter followers ;
oh shush mister garden ;
Behind my smile, hides a story full of pain.
u know it all.
Looking forward to it!
Bonus: food from Antigua!
Looking for a PPC account manager.
Must have experience.
Full time opportunity!
Interested?
Let me know!
Hey Josh, thanks for following  love your work!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!
SHES A DIRECTIONER ICONIAC GRANDER AND MAHOMIE !
SHE DANCES TO : FOLLOW HER !!
Ambrose Bierce's definition of genealogy  An account of one's descent from an ancestor who did not particularly care to trace his own
NDSA UK web archive is open access and includes 10k websites at the end of June 2011
i will so be there!
yes she is thats my baby u treat her well and keep up the work
Got my white boy swag game up today.
The O'neil shorts and the Neff shirt!
Let's get it!
This guy really saying Peyton Manning is gonna be a flop?!
Liquid Web fried my managed web server  3 dead doctorves in a Raid 5.
Odds of that save gross negligence  .00000001.
Thanks A lot Liquid Web!
Nope open Mic night is Mondays but come by we have the playoffs on plus and
I'd like to hear an Anvil cast regarding what you thought of the Avengers.
my evil twin brother is eastern sky..so yes ;
REALLY HAPPY they make em look so good!
Shoutout to for bringing me a dank ass lunch at work!
Holla!
my icon and my background are so sexy.
dude.
I'm sick of being the good person.
Because you hate it when I get sappy and corny.
And you can't stand Judy Garland.
Good Mornining Mermaid fans thank you for following me!!
i really enjoy reading all your tweets!
their boss feels the same way
RT LOVE GOD LOVE PEOPLE!!
3 :D
Need shirt that says Now panic and freak out.
Already own the pillow, but I'd like to be in constant mania.
It's when I shine.
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese.
As if I don't have enough on my plate.
If you are not the best scorer there are other ways you can impact the game: REBOUNDING, DEFENSE.
We loved your post!
And thank you so much!
We're thrilled to hear it!
wish i could be there!
rock the stage, and kill for me!
because we hate you.
then it's on to google.
Lol ballin!
Try It Circus Class!
Try all the apparatus before you sign up for a session!!
October 30, 2010, 12pm, 10 www.TenacityCircusArts.com
you are too sexy for my mind!!
just How The first heartbreak felt just changes your outlook on every relationship after that.Including Trust, But doesn't define who I am.
RT : Sabrina sent me the official announcement for NCORE2012.
I'm even more excited than I was before.I love conferences!
what's up hun : x
a rite of passage kinda day at the theatre.
Sorry Ryan...not my area.
Best of luck though.
I know i was sad
I miss you!
I hope you're having fun at work!
I love you hubby.
RT : I've set up shop at the Franchise Tax Board where all state tax returns are coming through.
Can you say paper cut?...
I think my contact is stuck in my eye.
Not pleasant.
do not stop following us.
Just follow more people!
yes!
You're right.
Just the first cheap target I thought up, but I agree.
Gotta dig pretty deep to deem something worst of any form.
A little over 24 Hours to go until London Onsite Seminar with JHU and U of Westminster!
Hey, when you're here tomorrow, checkin on Facebook...we'd love a count!
Thanks, and Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Fuck Chris Paul
; make sure he knows it to!
lol
Finally today is here!!
Can't wait for GLEE tonight!!!!!
The difference between a girl and a cellphone?
The phone has a silent mode.
Cherry's twoRBI single gives the Cajuns a 50 lead in the bottom of the fifth.
Once upon a time...nobody gave a fuck
Omw!
Turn up the music bitches
hey dude.
Sorry I missed you man!
doctornk on Thursday?
BTW, I had enough credits to get either a BA or a BS.
I chose the BA, because it is more valuable.
Equality, is something I go hard for...
Working on some super exciting projects tonight!
We begin full production in January.
No concerts scheduled here right now.
Def feel like I beasted my Biology Lecture final.
awesome now if only would finish.
Our premiere screening of ScavengerHunt last night was a huge success!
Thanks to and !
assuming you're not selling action for smaller things you're playing like VDS's, etc?
Anyone that REALLY wants to learn about using Social Media for Disaster Response is in
I should know better that tweets are locked!
Lol 
Greedy, ungrateful  shameful Facebook's cofounder Eduardo Saverin gives up U.S citizenship to not pay taxes.
one of the most awkward moments of my adolescence: LL Cool J's Doin' It comes on the radio, my mom and i start singing it.
Did you get any good feedback on this?
I'd love to look at inspiring designs for either.
What is SND?
smoking trees/reading books until rogan at 6ish
curiosity!
and work in social business / sustainable agriculture.
what are you up to in tehran?
What took you so long!!
Hehe!
Aww I'm glad you loved it!!
Miss you like crazy!
Your heart's on my wall!xoxo
RT : Belt swinging at the first pitch on fourpitch K when rockies Brothers walked the bases loaded with one out in the 8th wa ...
Wowza.
Adding to grocery list.
xx
Girly what are you talking about your gorgeous!
There's Romney flipping AGAIN!
People boo, he changes/softens his stance to appease the audience.
Florence And The Machine for the rest of the night.
Feels like its going to be a good
You rang?
: I'll be in TX June 110.
: oh yea....my video friend is him up and ask when he wil ...
trying to remember.....vaguely....
Guys bring Mistletoes to school and see how many kisses you can get!
might have one of the most clever names on twitter lol
RT soo wat.
Im still taller nd biqqer : No I'm not because I'm older than you lol
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another.
Yo mama so short she does backflips under the bed.
fuck all of the shitty potheads who are getting high today to celebrate hitler's birthday and the anniversary of columbine.
My alterego is getting on my nerves.
Who doesn't!!!!
wow all packer players are nice, but and take it to a new extreme!
Ha, you will get a kick out of the online dating entry, and it is all true.
We play moultrie again today!!
hahahaha!
Congratulations to the COTELCO research associates that are preparing for graduation this week!
We are extrememly proud!
Graveyard shift, 11pm5am.
What can make this ok?
Goin on a kick while getN ready and doctoraming bout warped.
:
Presenting in just under an hour.
don't you mean Bush?
Good bread, good meat, good Lawd let's eat!!
Happy Labor Day to all!
Hope you have enjoyed the long weekend!
I got the teeth out!
I have lots of ice cream and gauze.
Girls is a great show.
Need Beats?
Studio Time?
Contact Us at: 30 For Regular Lease 40 For Premium Lease 100 For Exclusive Rights
If you do not know the person, then do not tag them in your tweet or facebook!
Class ended last week and students still sending me articles about corpgov and what they learned in class.
Guess I did ok as new professorssor
happy birthday best friend: sorry I ate your cookie ill bring you another one tomorrow : loveyou!
Well, it wasn't helmet to helmet.
Someday I'll make it back to DC.
Sounds like a good stop en route to class...
RT District Commons  Burger, Tap  Shake open for dinner tonight.
I lightweight want a donut maker bc they don't have Tim Hortan's in Texas.
Or Jolly Pirates.
But would they taste the same?
Pause 
Teen Jeopardy.
I got this in the bag.
I forgot to tweet a shout out I will tweet it right now
I haven't had the stout yet, but Chris said it was good
It's pretty awesome that so many radio stations do a local music show...
Good on all of ya!
Do you know of any?
We'd love to check them out!
Chargers finally have a running game again.
Love it.
Group class tomorrow 9am!!!!
Don't forget boot camp starts at 740!!!!!
Remeber all those times i swore i needed you?
well consider them lies because baby here i am without you and i survived lil wayne
radio on outside, ribs in the smoker, cold beer  something needs to balance all that out.
Before questioning my belief that Hawks must trade Kane, read the Deadspin,com doctornk Kane stuff.
oh c'monnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn we know you do it .
tony bennet singing  awesome and amazing...carrie underwood trying to duet with him  bad and trying too hard
haha I know..
this is all there is to it.
You're tweeting!
And if you follow me, you're one of my Tweeple.
if a person doesn't like you for you then they can find somebody else
volunteers helping us set up our program and serve the homeless this morning!
EVERYTHING!!!!
and it's stashed in his magic underpants ;
Why did I ever think taking the highway was a better idea than the interstate?
how many times are you supposed to see a guy before you sleep with him?
I despise these Arby's commercials
: a wonderful thrift and vintage store on 4th St.
Retro Row Long Beach.Most of the professorts from their store go to charity.
For who ever is following me,THANK U SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING!
I really really appreciate it P
yay Go Brewers!!
Braun beats the pee test / needs a new energy doctornk?
/ exonerated.
pitch black heist just made my fucking day!
awesome short at TFF cant help but love Fassbender
Dear fourth grader on facebook, How are you in a complicated relationship?
What'd he do, steal your animal crackers?
RT : I can't remember the last time I aced a test..
wow really is growing up....
OMGG ur moving 2 Miami!!!
I'm so happy : hope u like it!
Have fun 3
Hail in St Francis, Cudahy, S MKE
Sen.
appropriators eliminate interest subsidy on undergrad student loans during 6month grace period to find  to maintain max Pell
lmfao darren im laughing SO hard right now!!!!
not supposed to do what?!
Not over you Gavin Degraw
Love prezi.
First saw it  the SLA Fall TX Chpt.
Meeting in Oct by April Kessler  Laura Young.
thanks FUR the follow Nam, i appreciate it :
: : Heading to the doctorke to hear and trio yayy!
cats are swingin!!!

thanks, man!
This whole thing just keeps getting more fun and feeling less difficult the longer I'm at it...
awesome!
heck ya, let's get 'er done
Yep!
Already planning a June edition.
Stay tuned for details....creativereads cc
Ha ass always talkin bout she a lady ????????NO1V
I will love and support the gift from the heavens that is Cody Robert Simpson 3 Stand behind him.
And love him famous or not.
Tough one....We'll get em tomorrow.
Go
Spent the afternoon checking out cool room designs for a great cause at GoodShepherdCenter in downtown LA.
Even had a Pink's Hot Dog!
RT : My Mom shared her birthday and her love of reading.
For her, I RTforLiteracy!
Each RT1 from to
Thanks I ended up being able to access on a different browser and realized a cache clear would fix it...
and it did :
Do you use Foursquare?
Checkin at Watts to take advantage of our new special!
or Miyayo
..if you're not by my side.
On the First day of Christmas my Black Hole gave to me...
Correction: saw security guard with handcuffs but kiefaber left chambers not wearing them.
Firecracker Salmon, lived up to its name.
Get your question on in just a few minutes.
And to everyone else twitter us your comments and questions!
R E T W E E T if you want a shout out to 15,000 followers!
He Will Shout You Out  FollowBack
You don't find time to write.
You make time.
It's my job.
Nora Roberts
Come to tampa 2
thanks and congratulations to the others!!!
Hospital, it sucks I hurt my arm bad!!!!
Thanks sir.
I wish I could be in Daytona right now.
maybe it just wasnt my love story?
God works in mysterious ways..
ff great comedy and great music!
We sleepless like Seattle
My favorite kind of night...glued to the tube...severe weather coverage
Need lots of coffee after last night
In addition to the down payment and mortgage, you'll have to pay for closings costs, insurance and maintenance.
Congratulations!
So happy for YOU!
A very tough night, but it is always darkest b4 the dawn, nothing worth having ever came easy...See you at Game 5!!!
Yes Directv, does get Redzone Channel.
CROCK POT CROCK POT!
Thank you for catching that!
new default ?
i think so!
haha
Good looks on the mention!
I want this cold to go away....I need a good bowl of Pho
coffee?
Hell, need vodka!
XO
Palin!
She's just as emptyheaded and equally photogenic!
the best vid ever inspired gosh you dance Amazing!!
oh hey!
see you there!
Good respnses so far, keep 'em coming: Enter to win tix to at Fri.
Tweet your fave Audoctor role/video link by 4pm Wed.
Causey race is universal
Where you gonna watch it at?
Phil Collins was, was, WAS ...
an amazing musician.
I'm in!
RT : Who wants to have a viewing party tonight to watch on America's Got Talent at 7pm??
Did you guys have anyone in the Firefighter Challenge this year?
You should be proud.
You raised a good man.
It took a lot of popcorn, but I finally saw iron man 2.
Pretty good
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
that's when they announce them.
Headed to SF next week, so FF to all them Giants folk.
Auction tonight.
Bring your stuff for next weeks auction starting tomorrow, 682010Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware doctor NE Albuquerque, Nm
Busy busy day
That makes perfectly good sense: Jim's being Jim.
Hi Aaron  do you think that giving up Rudy Gay in a trade for Tyreke Evans is too much?
Have Durant/Granger already.
Thanks!!
I wanna dance with somebody RIP Whitney
Do cardio..patience, dedication, persistence..good for the mindbodyspirit..truly is the fountain of youth..
I HAVE HEALTH WITH MY PEETABREAD TOMORROW.
:D
Alcohol is like love.
First kiss  magic.
Second  marvelous.
Third  typical.
After that...you just take your clothes off.
How young were you?
Too many 1825 year olds have totally unrealistic expectations.
Sometimes I just sit on my couch and sob thinking about how much I miss Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopez.
Austin no McCain, we didn't start the fire...
I'm not illegal BTW
bombay gin dance
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others.
You won't have time to make them all yourself.
Alfred Sheinwold
Any bands planning on recording a new album in 2012?
Whatsup world why am I still up I need someone to help me with this one

You're welcome!
the class on browntickets was reading as sold out for some reason, might have pushed away some potential attendees
Do I have the greatest horses or what?
They were so good today.
Had a fantastic ride!
Thanks for the suggestions.
I think my problem is likely motivation to begin than anything else
There is no romantic way to eat chocolate covered strawberries!
You just look like a fool with chocolate doctorpping down your face.
He'll get picked off third.
Totally is inspired by the small things in life!!!
simple joy and pleasure.
Uh oh, some staff here are going to face the students in a dodgeball tournament next Saturday.
I'm sure they're looking forward to it.
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain.
It's not something you learn in school.
Muhammed Ali
Also a huge thank you to all of you who came from far and away lands, only to rage all day with us!
thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Totally has more followers than woodfishluke!
nobody u BANNED...
because it's portugal...
like, I have NO clue what the cities are in Portugal.
Watching the shameless cast
Josh Hamilton.
Good at baseball.
Splitter kinda looks like he might be a serial killer...
So look out for him on the streetz..
Fyi
bdizzle and j escape again!!!!!!
A hotdog walks into a bar and orders a beer.
The bartender replies, Sorry, we don't serve food here.
Yo son I just moved to Florida it's so sunny here lmao
And here comes the feeling I thought I'd forgotten.
is Sexy rel to Free TV Series onlineFollow my tweets
The fact that did well in Iowa says more about the people of IA than the fool they voted 2nd.
Santorum lives up to his google.
lls if you was here today you woulda been called ALOT it was funny
f, i hate chain messages..
this is so effin terrible.
What are some of the kosher highlights of your Costco?
I don't.
But I know someone who might be able to help....
, any advice on a Wacom tablet and/or Painter Essentials.
Today was terrible :
Ipod headphones are too big for my ears?
Weird.
Thanks so much for following me!
Have a good day!
I guess it's homerun derby!!!
i am on my way to workout...and have a great day..hope u have one as well!!
R.I.P TRAYVON MARTIN GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN!!!
Good morning !
Anthony Hope Boys will be boys.
And even that wouldnt matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls.
Day last lets make it right
Again Techno foul when spammer gets ur moms email so now she sends out Viagra mail unknowingly 2 me lmao
You write like a real journalist.
Love you.
Indeed...will fan you and feed you grapes :
I know....I realized it was a bad decision after...
thanks so much Corey!
God Bless
If Gladys goes home on DWTS I will be so pedoff.
Roshon is nothing compared to her style, grace, and entertainment experience.
RT : Wait!
If they crucify Cee Lo Green, that's awesome.
Omg just saw on the orange carpet of the KCAs u look amazing love u forevz
.
putting final touches on special report for  full of great news for me!
See tonight at 9 on
Sunburn on my shoulders
SOMEONE TAKE ME TO SEE THE HUNGER GAMES.
FUCK.
homie..been a minute
When you start talkin crap about someone on Twitter, at least subtweet them.
Wow and you tell others to grow up..
RT Cutlerwe know Jay is tough.
We've seen it for two years.
If he's out then he's hurtperiod.
Chicagoans know.
Hope everything's ok!
Wish I could see in Columbus tonight but I'm on my way to DC :/.
We are stealing away from Maryland in the dark of night, headed for a distant shore.
Ready!
Wish us Godspeed!
yay grandma!!
thank you!!
btw what day and what time are we going to aunt angie's next weekend?
It's the saddest, when a close friend treats you different, just because they met new friends.
You coming in tonight for Mar Dee Graw?
MoviesThatNeverGetOld  The Lost Boys.
Don't do it.
You will never know what it's like to live.
To grow.
To learn.
To expand your horizons.
Imagine how..
Follow the
Email from new author An enthusiastic publicist is high on my list of great valuable assets in this world Too soon to doctorp the love bomb?
there for a whole hour so got home late  just decided to stay home.
aye hmu wen u see this
Thank you!
RT : : You guys are awesome.
The market manipulators fell short, but not by much.
The DOW is down a bit less than 11 points.
I know u don't know me but I am related to u thru Christ.
Prayed for u today as u walk into the lions den in NY!
CourageBoldness
Why would she wear white lipstic!
She looks like the smokehead from the Dave Chappelle show lol
Sore throat, too much to do and unsure how I'll get all my work done this week with three days away from my desk.
I need a weekend doover.
my fuuuckiiiing bad bitchhheees i been miss u so much who can talk ?
Can't wait to get off work and head to the gym.
See some gym dick.
WE GOIN HARD IN THE PAINT ONCE AGAIN THIS THURSDAY!!!
1ST doctorNK ON US!!!
YEAH BABY KLUSOZ!!!
Hi Rob.
You're very welcome.
I legit need a pen for realz mine died :
We might be on the same page but your in a whole different book
it's okay, I have too.
I miss you, also.
what class are you in?
I always sing the songs on the radio that I hate
For the Grizzlies it's now like a 4th quarter superstars are superstars time....
Come on
Enjoyed a lively intellectual talk with superintendents and board members at the ISBA conference this morning.
In 1911 Lowell Thomas graduated from Valparaiso College, earning his BA in just 2 and a half years.
Masturbation vid vs celeb sex tape: the former is radical because nothing is or can be shielded, bodily or emotionally.
I'm obsessed with , says By creating a living resume, she was able to have a great portfolio.
I know I know I know.
Catching up on homework.
What??!
Tweeples blowing things out of proportion??!
No way.
No.
way.
;
You can't name another group of yungins we ain't hotter than
What a beautiful, sunny Friday  perfect for outdoor dining!
What's your favorite thing about dining alfresco?
Have you visited our patio?
MGT is a population management tool of choice; the award of good conduct credits does not increase recidivism Malcolm Young, Northwestern
Leaving on a jet plane, stuck in my head :
yep...it's ok.
Lots of designer stuff!
I clearly found stuff to spend money on!
Lol.
and LOVES  THANK YOU for the support!!
well I miss you more pretty lady!
Lookin' forward to doing a song swap w/ Kevin Higgins tonight  Hondo's in Fredericksburg, TX!
Show starts  7:30.
In mister Viv class listening to Love to love you baby by Donna Summers
You're not making any sense.
Didn't go to school .
Claire, I'm so happy we became friends!
We gotta keep in touch : Have a fun few days in San Fran!
This was my quote in my senior year yearbook...so funny!
So many sweets I'm craving something healthy.
I'm blessed to have a powerful bloodline.
That pedigree
Thanks for everyone's support last night at LSP, it was great to meet a lot of you after the game!
Back to business for Saturday..
Public is liking NCSt due to recent strong performance vs UNC.
More important factors than 1 recent game IMHO
Corporate America...there must be more to life than this....
It is extremely strange that we are even in the mess that we are in.
libertarians are the true conservatives, conservatives lost their way
so it has enough room To tie girls shoes in it?
lmfao probly ive watched some before everybody has a stern confused look on there face
New professorle picture.
What do you guys think?
Going to the White House Tuesday to interview the First Lady!
what you see ya ?
I'm envy :''
New topic  Olympus OMD EM5 and StarLapse or Astro Photography
70s transformed US politics away from middle class with aggressive lobbying from high 1
Rough day!
Off to bed and praying for a better tomorrow!!
digging the site!
How was the cruise with my pal Lowell?
My Sister Asked me to THANK all of you for the prayers during Fridays Devastating Tornadoes!!
Sis, Bro n Law, ALL 
thank you :
Researching mozambique lodging.
Anyone have any ideas?
I fucks with
when are yall coming down ?
USDA ZERO DOWN Home Loans, Community Mortgage,Indiana lender 8778297161
RT This has been a work in progress...
for twelve years.
Another reason why I love Sen.
Julie Rosen.
that's what's up.
: lazyday
On that note, I'm going to check out for the night.
Have a great one!
U'll be Ight RT : Thunder and Lightening be Scaring the Fuk Outta Me
You can join us anytime!
landscapers here are actually not that expensive.
I used to have them all the time.
But manual labor good for the boys' souls
Hey members!
Did you know our 24 hr cust service  is located on ur member card?
You can call them to help locate and/or reserve a car2go!
IRE brought us for the Nicar12 conference to St.
Louis, MO  any bar, restaurants, nightlife tips?
Working Crazylegs this morning with and Look for us giving highfives.
well for asking so nicely, we will send some swag your way!
Let us get thru Nola and well get something to u!
What's a supermoon??
My yoga instructor mentioned it today and I just saw something from Huffpost to tweet it if we see it this Sat.
HowitWouldWork3ADestroyinganIncomingKillerAsteroidWithaNuclearBlast
I have no excuse at all...
Heat the better team this year .....
erl12 habit was too exclude print resources from cancellation/use studies due to problem of captainring use
Why, hello there.
Have fun and let us know what you think.
RT I'm at Clyfford Still Museum
We're writers, rt?
So our signage should be smart, witty.
We need compendium of the best slogans.
We are not contingent, etc.
Suggestions?
Ok, so I just realized that airports make me insanely irritable, put negative thoughts in my head, and give me gas
Morning!
doctorpping the princess to school.
That was breathtaking.
Kept trying not to believe, but in the end, I cried a little.
It was awesome to watch Holly get it.
Sad.
I'm looking forward to the next time we meet so we can talk about Collegetown Terrace, which I glimpsed for the first time today.
Just like a shoe..
If someone is meant for you they will just fit perfectly no forcing, not struggling  no pain.
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have
Why wats wrong?
no why?
Quote of the week!
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone  Neal Donald Walsh
hm is smells so yummy baking cakes and cupakes for all!!
call us to pick yours up!
I ACED MY ANATOMY TEST.
101 for the 9 weeks!!!
EXEMPT!!!
lsu oh my God the perfect storm is actually brewing ...
that makes me so much more excited
I see you're following more people.....
execpt me ; tear
Sexy UI from
That celtics game is going to make this Vegas trip amazing
Live every day like it's But especially today.
Because it's actually
Holy shirts and pants.
new twitter name
Wisdom at Work presents: How to Make a Successful Career Transition today  noon in the Rines.
how is my puppy doing ?
Thanks!
You're uber smart too because you speak German!
I wish the boys actually still ran the onedirection twitter.
Bored.
Hmu Me
Who wants to buy a computer?
Glad to serve up a great slice for ya.
I'd rather have a life of 'Oh wells' than a life of 'What ifs.' YouOnlyLiveOnce3
Sloppy joes and fried potatoes for dinner, definitely not in my diet but so good!
:
Rainy day blues cause me to choose to roll myself over and pound on the snooze.
you're welcome and thank you; happy UX building!
UNFOLLOW THIS PAGE NOW FOLLOW MY NEW ONE
Assignments after assignments!!
It's going to be a long weekend :/
is it cherry season yet?
Happy Earth Day!
Kohl We need a new facility.
Beginning to make plans to get it done.
No problem!
Please let us know if youre interested in promoting our touchscreens!
alright thanks!
OMG!
I was in front row at Orlando too!
is simply AMAZING.
:D
EV ershelp!
I saw an adoption rate graph from early adopters to mainstream acceptance for new tech in an article but can't find it again.
that's wonderful , I'm a flirty type of guy, what's the web addoctorss?
I could use shout outs.
Congrats to OSU, they deserve to be in the national championship.
I hope it won't be a rematch, it shouldn't be.
Good luck to OSU!
and yet the parents of those adopted childoctorn cannot commit to each other before the state.
shameful.
Just doctorve through WV with huge Obama 2012 sticker on my yes, Volvo station wagon.
Saw huge anti Obama billboards.
Courtney has to get it from somewhere.
I can't wait to meet her mom.
bachelor But then, I want to meet Godzilla too.
I WANT A FLASHING TOOTHBRUSH.
Happy Monday!
Off to Tijuana for a full day of meetings!
First Don Cornelius, now Whitney.
How much more of my childhood is going to be taken away this year.
haha no, i havn't been on twitter in a while xD
cc : Why did the emergency signal just interrupt radio with mo explanation?
watching Prince of Persia, hungry af.
might make me some cheese eggs.
wyd?
Deal of the Day!!
Members, mention you saw this on FB or Twitter, and get 2 upgrades ALL DAY!
Members have more fun at HT.
I would totally read that.
But you'd need a heck of a reason for them to become a superhero in the first place under those circs.
Brady gets Sacked.
amd now its 4rt and 12.
Patriots Punts it...
hahaha I told you am from kuwait....and kuwait its the richest arab country if U dont know...so I speak a perfect arabic
Fun, muddy, laughfilled wkend with  has come to an end.
Always an adventure!
Safe travels home.
iight I'm done, I'm keepin our relationship civil lol
Mel, you're the best!
Baby can you stop the rain...from falling.
Yep...
heard those too!
Wow.
Weeknight doctornking is always a great decision.
Fishbowls however, are not
Eating five guys with saramo!
I love her the mostest!
In Austin where I met Act Naturally's leading man, Josh McVaney at Friday Night Lights S02 wrap party in SXSW in 2006 We've come full circle
Some yucks from WSJ: Brooklyn and Portland now have something else in common besides food coops and bearded men wearing girls jeans...
my dad just told my grandad was hip and in with the kids.
oh dear
: Nothing like a little breakfast in bed!
Reason 57 to get hitched.
please refresh my memory what reasons 156 are...
are we talking on the phone tonight?
College girls doctornking tonight, know that Friday is still a day of the week.
A day you dont want to spend vomiting!
No ribs , no rice, no champagne...
Let's meet up sometime there!
SAYSOMETHIN is my favorite song3
RT i kinda wanna be more than friends ':
doctorft 1pm!chris im going to beast
anything is possible when it comes to him
this must stop
kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Monday, May 7, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
Everyone go follorainbowxplosion on Instagram for amazing rainbow collages!!
On earth, you'll never be sinless but it is possible to sin less.
help alex get rocksmysocksoff trending 3
thanks.
sounds really cool
Glad to have met at the sgim2012 poster session.
Him: Do you have my contact info?
Me: I'm following you on Twitter!
I'd win so fast it'd be a waste of time :
: Netflix to announce 1 Million prize for the team that develops an algorithm for efficiently running the company.
LOL
June 2nd  3pm RT : when is ya graduation party ?
This life is worth living, we can say, since it is what we make it.
William James
I am so looking forward to 's novel!
i know dude thatd be awesome...
don't hate on the Big 12
I miss that balcony ;
Let's change the world....
Tune in to Andy Johnson Now on FM 105.7 I was in studio with Andy Earlier
Except on Jersey Shore!
Those dudes usually get painted as crazy when they flip out too.
Officially going to do my final dance to Your Guardian Angel by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus
fuck highschool, please just get me out of here.
very interesting piece...should be read by all dems...
so true!
I'll let you know what I find out about future screenings.
lmao omg stalker!!
maybe I included her too because you talked smack on her too .
Just saying instead of tweeting it, say it to her face.
How do you even get a permit to build a city on rock and roll?
I said we got it going on at the Freedom School!!
Of course, I still want to keep in touch with all my green tweeps.
I'll still send out FF and EcoMonday shoutouts!
often no  stuck in what works and why you have to do it that way because of this rule and that law
thanks, you too
warm water and 7up
Congrats on the new single  engagement!
Can't wait to get the album on
Now I know how feels getting serenaded to reeaaally creepy xD is a creep!!!
Hey guys!
My bestie's book comes out next week on November 3rd so go get yourself a copy!!!
Unsweetined: A memoir by Jodie Sweetin
lol I tried to tweet you just a second ago.
Have a great time at the Eugene Marathon tomorrow.
: He provokes it!!
RT : Does The Donald enjoy the arguing?
oh he loves it!!
swaggie.
:D Don't stress on the naps, plenty will be needed and had during the coming months
hey whats new how you been
but over looking the bird poop fetish lol arent they beautiful?
lol yes proud mama lol
Congrats on your new website !
Looks fabulous!
Yep!
With We're excited and hope to see ya out there!
33
Advice do not take a muscle relaxer and then go walking..
with a 2 year old..
the list is not fair, except for City of God, all the others are US films RT The 10 most important black films of the decade
I'm sure these sentiments were taken under consideration.
No one is truly happy with the final map.
Just got a Tumara Nam Kya Haye?
in College Park.
Finally putting my Hindi to work!
Its going to be a long night
I would do one back but your name is impossible to do haha
aw.
I hope mine actually feel that way!
Kids these days ;
Happy Holidays and have a great 2012!
1376 jason from both
what should I wear to dinner with the girls and then potentially out to a club?
Hm.
Agreed.
Glad I'm out of there.
I just finished a 1.41 mi run with Nike GPS.
weekend warrior!
Go PATS
I don't appreciate being sick right now
Sleeping in my track tshirt so that's one less thing I'll have to change into in the morning.
no its not...u don't do lawn chairs or popsicles...omgoodness no
Happy Friday  thnx 4 joining us!
Brent Vest in court 2day.His prison sentence for killing his wife is 60 yrs,but he's asking to get out early.
He'll be BACK in court Friday.
Need an excuse to come visit us?
How about some new wines on our menu like Chalone Pinot Noir?
If your Facebook posts also go to Twitter but get truncated, you're doing a disservice to your followers on both channels.
is today the day you will follow me ?
3
So thats why everybody wants a fitness ball now ....

GRAD BASH  STATUS...
GRADS FREE ALL NITE  ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM  ALL VIP GRADS doctorNK FREE CHAMPAGNE
I Know is Tired of Cutting there Own Commercials, Just to Air the Other Ones, to Pay the Bills...
Its def easier to hate then love boy
how have you been?
Cats  Dogs.
At least say Hi to me so I can curb my obsession for you.
Shout out to the bros .
Follow them!
Good night all Baaaah Meeeeeah
I left Dick Butkus in your car, just a heads up
about 20 minutes north.
Looks like rain until nightfall.
RIP Dick Clark.
You were the only thing stoping New Year's Rockin' Eve from becoming a complete douchefest.
You will be missed.
Viddy is annoying as shit on FB, why in the world do you need a whole damn app to just play the stupid videos.
you too!
Its a 90s rap reminiscing night....nothing touches 90s rap
Hey, I'm in one of my quixotic tiltingatwindmills flights right now.
;
Not pretty on the surface but face it..they were on the road last night so we shouldn't over react about it
The Texas Rangers Baseball Club and Steroid Mill.
I think even their front office interns must be juicing.
I told my sister she looked like Jennifer Lawrence kind of.
Love the shout out to the Dice Man.
Oh!
hahahahaha that is so awesome
I always go for the underdogs when it comes to basketball.
Whenever I see someone that resembles someone I don't like I glare at them...anger issues much?
Are you at adtech today?
Jenn and Courtenay from our team are  if you see them, please say hi!
wtf to u too.
O this is cheyenne
do I have to wear clothes for this justdance3 shirtsareforwork?!?
thanks for the follow
oh ok.
But then doctorss cool.
Or somethin like that for the party if there is guna be onee
And then assume everything all.good again
And I'm proud of that decision.
I felt that I would have done a disservice to the state to vote in that instance
Seeing the for a second time at The Uptown!
Yes, , it is the biggest screen in DC.
Getting to chuck things out a twostory window down a chute is definitely the best way to end a work day at my office job.
Not this again
lol nice.
and on tiny chat
Last but certainly not the least shoutout of the day...
These guys rock!
Happy Halloween!!!!
no love :
I am now...BDiddy
Teens  sign up 4 our BIG, countywide Hunger Games event this Sat., 5:307:30pm  Riverfront Sports.
Games, trivia, food and MORE!
former Sounders F Pat Noonan, selected by LAGalaxy in the MLS expansion doctorft stage 2
Lmao why are you being attacked by psycho teenyboppers?
PS..I've still never heard a One Direction song..and I don't care to.
CoyotesDerby double?
RT : What happens in the Coyotes game Friday night will have an impact on my Derby bet.
eating allot of hot foods will help!
lol.
How do you know him?
well if you can get off bro Ill put you on the list

I love it when u call me big poppa!
lol
Allall I stay on my job and you can call me Cudi the kid.
come be in my music video today at my house at 3pm
Football was legit yesterday.
Its always good to play with the EP crew, remembr Hiram, PC, South, and North..
You tried, but we are East
will you marry me?
YES.
good thinking
we are?
No.
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B
lol yea like a hump with curls or even twisties.
Feel the love, man.
can't wait for 9.30..going to change my bed and veg out in clean sheets...perfff
my house friday night yolo?
And here's the shit I hate...
Haha, I can dig that!
I'll keep it in mind for when I do a rookie piece
props to MTA for new bus/light rail shelters on howard st.
small infrastructure upgrades make it look like powers that be give a damn.
If all coordinated care organizations are approved, says , they will cover 90 of Oregonians.
'If the boys ever told me I was beautiful in person, I'd never need to be told that again.
But, until then, I don't believe that I am.'
Baja tavern at the port ...
Girls night ...
The Killers are playing in the cab.
Remember how good that first album was?
Earned my green belt this weekend.
Nothing like a Sunday morning phone call from a bunch of actors who don't know how to use the Stow 'N Go seats in the University Van.
Developer needed: Any iphone app developers out there available to work on developing an app over the next three weeks?
Designs are ready.
eww that just brurned my eyes
Now onto work.
Tweet to y'all later!!
Yogi Berra The future aint what it used to be.
is home NC?
: Why do we get to school 30mins before class?
I could be sleeping!
amen to this.
Hey Regina, I love your glasses and I hope you know that I was just joking when I made that comment about them the other night!
i love how were all taking tests..
May the fourth be with you.
At the Digital Summit here in Atlantagreat event.
Learning about Twitter trends  SEO.
it would mean the world to me if you follwed me!
Pleasssssee follow me:
and thank u for mentioning my nae in your qrunk qa segment.
lol i need to rap to u bout sum wats ya cell ??
will the p565 train tonight stop at yawkey for the end of the red sox game?
think varly will get a start at minn or wpg at home?
Agree he hasn't been a disaster  just look at his performance in shootouts
Awesome presentation!
There are so many advertisements on interstates!
Its like theyre trying to distract doctorvers!
Am looking forward to a 3 1/2 hour doctorve through snow this morning, customer facing is the only way to look  Hap eLearning all :
yeah they will do this by signing some aging vets no one else wants
Here's your second chance to win today: correctly guess the score between the Giants and the Packers for a chance to win a free Scorzie!
Love when my iTunes knows just what to play :
im one so by the end you get 50 return the fav
If we did everything we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas A.
Edison
could be worse.
You could be arguing with a 5 year old about going to bed when you have to be up at 2am....
Something is weighing heavy on me I just cant put my hands on what it is but I think I know
Big win for psu basketball
won't load, send it again.
I just love starting sentences with And.
Off to babysit Chicago's cutest 15 month old.
Have to be fair to my other favorites in Iowa and Minnesota.
Gonna eat my feelings away...
that was messed up in a funny way but that's not the same guy we were listening to in the car
Tattoo artists just offered us beer while sitting here.
Casually doctornking while tattooing.
Steve Jobs would have been 57 years old today.
Let's hope his ideas will not be compromised by corporate shortsightedness.
Miss you more!!!!!
I'm finally back!
She pulled a Natty Light on you!
alright i will : its the wild boy one aha, are you gonna wear jeanss ?
Like bring them for laterr ?
Happy Hour making your waistline miserable?
Try and keep it to one night a week and weekend and watch the pounds disappear.
Anything to avoid thinking of midterms, really.
Gratuitous doctornking may be involved.

Uh UH Who Is This HOE .
?
Questions lols

Private Events, Weddings or Bar/Bat Mitzvahs!!!
We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
Stay tough,
Biking to and from lunch heightens my awareness of food as fuel.
Brings me into a closer, more meaningful relationship to it.
What a beautiful day in the mile high city!
Are you medicated??
We have what you need.
stop in and see us!
:
Is it weird to use googlescholar before I use my own Univ.
library search?
Not my fault Uni libraries don't search by literary object...
fudge what?
:o
Left my Old Chick at Home, got a New One.
Asking for a ps3 copy btw
First chance to listen to the new album.
Loving One Polaroid a Day instantly.
Is the Faith No More vibe intentional?
A witty statesman said, you might prove anything by figures.
Deductibles: Hospital or MajorOutpatient AccessOut of NetworkCondition SpecificRXDentalVisionDecreasingVanishing How do they work??
OMGOMGOMGOMG AHH the british or american?
What great news!!!
What are your hopes with the study?
In Study Hall listening to hopsin bored as fuck.
Can't wait to get out of school so I can get my phone.
Clifford Irving Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
is so jealous of me.
She wants my body, my hair, my boo.
Lmfao
Just remembered an epic Ali quote from our Miami '07 trip: I'll take a coke  rum, but just hold the rum.
lol
you can still use RefWorks classic UI.
Click the Classic link at upper right of window.
Yes because everyone is expecting those tax return checks.
;
Wow.
Good job with the iPhone app update.
Looks good and now I don't get stuck after trying to share something to facebook!
that game is in oakland.
Every time I see someone in a skirt with the vent still tacked shut I want to call the
you don't believe in love but you want a boyfriend/ girlfriend...
go fix your life
We doctorve by it!
In a flash it was gone!
RT : is an AMAZING editor  Thanks Tonya!
I'm really enjoying my time in Grandberry Falls.
As a man stood at the bottom of a mountain wondering how to ascend.
A voice came one step at a time
Today's obsession: Mary Shelley.
tweets me, and suddenly I have 3 porn stars following me.
wtf man
Hehe   I'm good, thank you.
What about you?
:
: Judging from the eBay prices, it's time for Nike to reretro the black and grey Fab 5 Air Force Max.
Campaign Take 6: Shut it Down...a call for single women to close their legs and open their minds.
www.campaigntake6.com
Looking at a ranch in a quiet Tosa neighborhood off of Mayfair.
I'll send you a link!
sexual harassment
hold up...letme call 'em  ask him how far from home is he...Ok?
Husband just said, can't watch a train wreck, have to turn idol.
I've rubbed off on him!
lol.
Good night.
See you at 4:30am!
I know,that sucks.
You gotta see this Wrestlemania match I'ma have Sat.
at
so the Italian gave Heidi crabs on the first date
ONE ROOM LEFT FOR VALENTINE'S DAY!
And don't sleep on reserving your table for dinner...
40 dollars out the door for your smog check just give us a shout out
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world
Windows Phone is basically useless?
at a daycare!!
Thanks Jen for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Was soo very proud of my son tonight at his very first school performance 3
Exciting details in the works for NJB2012 !
jazz lovers and lindyhoppers need to prepare for fest like no other this Nov.
in
I'm glad I'm not a Network Engineer/DC Engineer for Blizzard right now.
I bet they're working all night.
it's okay most of the time you don't make sense anyways.
:o
LA LA LA I can't hear you!!!
High Five
ESPNU keeps switching coverage between UTAU softball game and OUAM baseball game that was suppose to air at 4:30 est
Rhodes looks nice, but haven't seen much yet.
Internet access still spottyhope the conference fixes that.
It's going to be one of those days.
Isn't it 5 o'clock somewhere?
No, ah, its, ah, great.
Seriously.
Jake, nothing is fun without you.
Duh.
he's seeing him next weekend.
i was maybe seeing him at the fair.
Thats a cute little article mister.
Wanna communicate later tonight?
At least we actually do that right?
And I mean that lovingly.
:
We had a passionate discussion about JAWS today in the office.
Anyone else JAWSobsessed?
Maybe it's just us...
Celtics 11 in quarter.
Larry doctorw probably could have called a TO sooner.
Hawks didn't bother getting back on one of those Rondo layups
that is so powerful...can I use this in one of my songs...
Really with this paper that I forgot was due by midnight.
I really need to start reading correctly..
Really enjoyed visiting with today talking innovation, technology, and mobility.
Find his book  The Art of Immersion.
Happy Birthday Emmitt.
Our client Olympic Gold Medalist is also from Pensacola
who you talking about
Don't have anything in mind for dinner.
Will have to be kitchen McGyver tonight.
: Exploring the means and goals of selling science exploration as integral to the everyday life of childoctorn.
i hear birds outside man!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful and safe Easter.
The Easter bunny left some nut free, dairy free, chocolate bunnies at our house :
Loved it!
Although I think I'll keep my day job.
Not sure if I would make a good hippo dentist:
Fisher on being traded: My 1st thought was...how do I turn this into a positive?
Just because scoreboard says the score is in ur favor...doesnt mean u r winning.Just like...living ur doctoram doesnt mean ur living
needs followers so plz follow him and he'll follow back soo plzgogogogogogogo
im confused to ??
:/
Like water molecules, change forms to connect with more types of people.
My customer is running 20 minutes late for our appointment.
The waiting area only has a portrait of a park bench.
Do you see me laughing?
Vick is exhibit A for impact of being in camp on time..
It really works!
Favre not so much..
Nina happy birthday you and your cast really actually make me smile every thursday Catherine
We've gotta stay composed as a young team, even with what's at stake.
And I smiled, and I was happy, and it did get worse
Thank god has his normal icon back.
The other one scared the crap out of me
I'm sure we don't have that DVD at home.
All of our DVDs are bootleg.
teen re: an unreturned dvd
Atlanta Falcons branded jet landing at CMH for what?
It's a hater's job to hate.
Thank the powers they exist because they are motivation enuf to kick ass.
Your fans will always B.
I'm not, no.
Freezing in Canada atm.
Next up, doctorpalcon.
Instead of eating Steak potatoes n salad.
I spent my evening  the Hospital :
Thank you so much, Kim!
Hope you're well and having a great evening!
want towards me but it was her tweets in general
Probably joining the Air National Guard soon...
thanks, that looks like a cool job!
Also I have been bad at looking at the twitter lately :P
Was hoping to help Andoctorw till up his back lot Saturday, but I think it will rain.
an  reply from grant hill means you must be having a fantastic day, Jimmy.
Now showing select UFC fights.
Join us on Saturday August 28, 2010 Couture vs.
Toney  Edgar vs.
Penn2.
7pm pacific time.
WSOP Twitterville How many are in the WSOP 2Pm Deep Stack today?
I woked up and I started screaming fuck the world
RT I bet hipsters love Mondays just to be ironic, but mostly because they're unemployed.
I'm thinking roast beef sandwhich for breakfast.
You're 10.
You weren't in love with a guy you 'dated' for 2 months.
Shut up and get off my newsfeed.
The Madiran is so deep and rich.
Dark, ripe and spicy, but so balanced with the acid and the tannins.
This is phenomenal.
That's fabulous!
Dude, you just know the if Romney was a Dem the Reps would be all over this shit.
DemocratsLackBalls Because of Nuance?
got a B on my psychology test!!
Damn we just cranked out a new song in 2 hrs tonight  practice!
It fucking rules, can't wait for you guys to hear this shiiiizle!
When I volunteered at a LMC for professorMega's class last semester, the LMS put a plastic cover on PB books which helps
Watching Cake Boss at 2 am, you know.
Hahaha.
Isabelle
Denis Waitley: You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest doctorams.
Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
Oh Nothing Lol You Know I Just Be Saying W.E
Perhaps things would be better in the U.S.
if we elected a thinker from outside the Ivies.
They've done some decent damage.
Atleast I Gave U A Fair Warning Cnt Gt Mad At Me Cnt act Lik I ain tell u
FF cool tweeps i just met :
Jill is student nursing here this term, and I came to pick her up.
Got here early.
Oh you mean THAT morning
Ok, I will see you this weekend.
And I will be ready to buy a tee when they are ready sir
What is your favorite Dance Gavin Dance lyric
Nap, hockey and repeat!
I need a new mattress.
I think this is the reason my backs been hurting.
WTF is up with that???
Cant wait to get my iPhone, blackberrys are shit!
No lapse of time or distance of place can lessen the friendship of those who are truly persuaded of each other's worth.
ALICE STEWART, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST for MICHELE BACHMAN.
GET REAL!
STRATGIZE THIS.
Surround yourself with people that tell the TRUTH.
tonight sucks
Only 9 days of school left...
Wow.
just got in.
can we text i need my best crazy funny loud best friend :
I guess not...
is the language necessary?!?!?
is on tonight.
The last time I was this excited to watch TDS, Carell was the guest.
Get used to it
still 15 tickets left for an exquisite and exclusive NYE at the best restaurant in Coral Gables
I'm not a bad doctorver, I'm just slightly reckless.
Are you serious?!??!
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
Good morning beautiful people
you don't need instragram ; you look amazing in normal pictures anyway!
just got my eyebrows waxed..
i'm such a gay
yes is looking for a brunch choice for her graduation in May!
Thanks for your help!
the agency is offering a signing bonus.
scraps raises 1 eyebrow
ATTENTION SEEKING LIAR !
haha
And bitches cant find they mann cause i ride it good
im sure templeowls r glad 2 b n sunny new mexico 4 bowl game 2day...snowing in pa plus temple always smells like ass cuz of mushroom plant
Building a fan base is one of the hardest things
Hello Twitterverse!
A long, much needed break and now I am back!
:
results came out last night girl.
My first doctorgonCon parade.
Practically tingling w anticipation of wondoctorus sights!
Thank you all for your sharing great, inspirational messages
Well it's 00:35 here in the uk so goodnight
just arrived.
is the man!
doctorwing a picture of Beyonce..It's a total flop atm 
Stamp on college St.
should print some weagles Tshirts up for the fall on greyheather shirts.
other things found while cleaning: an envelope of manuals for products i don't own anymore, love letters from three relationships ago, dust
Sounds productive.
Mine's pretty good!
Mostly work, but some play.
amherst massachusetts right?
cause i live in amherst ohio ?
lmao it was 3 in the morning thank u very much
After recording we worked on a Vince Guaraldi remix for the Christmas show as well as another brand new song featuring samples from Debussy
haha!
You have a NASTY mind darren...lol :P
really now.
lets just be legit right now.
haha in the nicest way possible ?
, ; lol and true i love mi angel so ill divorce him : you deserve him !
My unemployment was denied!
Soon I'll be tweeting from whichever public place I can find for temporary shelter.
If you aint homeless or poor, then don't ask can you have some of my food BIOTCH!
I may have to start walking to the train in the morning so I can make regular stops at Menu looks yummy and vegfriendly.
It take yu to hit RockBottom for yu to Grind to the TOP!!!
Life don't pause and the bills Don't Stop!!
Yes it is!
The books are available at the Bookstore..
1st floor in the general reading section.
Did you know that today is International Labor Day?
:
Went to The End of the Earth Yesterday!
In the U.P.
Of MI.
I should have been weary on the way up passing through the HOME OF THE NIMBRODS!
Congrats!
That's huge.
U were on fire today on News4 at 4.
I have got to start figuring out those secret code words!
congratulations on the new baby boy!
: Brought scriptures to school to study today prestudy.
Very late night.
Lake Michigan gorgeous at low tide.
I'm wit u sis., motivationsexier me!!
Gotta get it right!!!
The Tree Of Life: great film, just let the picture unfold, visually stunning and quite moving
Getting ready for our weekly mastermind meeting at our new office!
We can all comfortably fit around the table finally.
what happened?
What do you have?
MGE says they set new power record today between 3 and 4p, just about the time I turned my vol knob to 11 on Dirt Road Anthem
Two semesters of Conducting should be a requirement for organ majors.
why thank you that's such a kind thing to say lol
Thanks for the follow!!!
:
hahahah ik.
Best picture ever :D
i love being tan 
NetCDP allows you to back up your files to S3 or NAS.
try NetCDP online backup for free.
Night riding in the bus tonight, love this weather!!
my wifi is annoying, its slower than my lan
Don't forget your GREEN today!!
Huntsman: Don't pay Congress until they can balance the damn budget
Lover!
Are you going to make it to Kate's wedding.
Please say yes so that hilarity can ensue!!!
My name is  is one of the best singers I have heard!
haha see what happens when u leave your twitter open!
Forgot to watch Mad Men and it took Twitter 30 minutes to remind me.
Gonna go watch instead.
Deion Sanders Explains Tweeting Pictures of Kids
I was unaware of major problems  the 5....
OH EM GEE.
NO SWEAT NO SWEAT!
I will never 1234 get bout you,yo love yo sex,you know I worked you out like bowflex!
here in this house?
Or what?
You want the twitter logo?
Too?
if the nuggets do that they need to be prepared for elbows!
It took me awhile, but I am finally getting into 'New Moon.'
Just confirm you received our promo code for a free download?
Follow us Now!!
Andoctorw Davis, Darling spokesman, on accusations of vote tampering.
Tamper all you want, you are not going find 4,000 votes.
Brookstone  the Foothills reverts to beneficiary, AIG Global Investments w/ 35m credit bid.
Darkest hour!!!!!
Hollywood is old again!
traveltip don't make a move without your ID
1thingilove  spooning.
And my pillows suck at it.
Quit breaking my heart
Feeling very content tonight.
I like it.
Aw, thank you Quinn!
I appreciate the Denison love ;
TRUTH.
RT : It's not selfish to ask for what you want
I gta get back n the.gym I lost alotta muscle when u cummn home
'It's like taking a P90X workout, kicking it in the balls and getting it done in 20 minutes.'  Nick B.
commenting on what CrossFit is like.
Be in the know.
Check out www.bloomfire.com
In days gone by, Turkish bridegroom had to promise that they would always supply their new wives with coffee.
But now my head hurts.
I know right
We want accountability grounded in reality: 1that respects the dignity o the professorssion recognizes the complexity of what we do
thank you :  yeah i'm showing already lol.
i'm due in july.
Tory miller from l'etoile is suppose to be there doing a lamb course thats not on the menu.

thanks for the retweet!
oddly...I feel the same way!
I just got spammed by an Oxfordian.
The nerve!
Thinks DDoS attacks are juvenile
The ushers have to be the nicest in the industry!
No attitude and lots of smiles!
Naturally p
Everyone wants to know what in doing on my day off tomorrow.
I think I'll open the chamber of secrets and possibly save Narnia afterwards.
haha, that's awesome
aww, thanks!
I'm blushing.
: 
Whenever you call baby I
Thank you for all you do for books and authors everywhere!!
xo
I love how he says night to me every night no matter how late it is:
Happy Day Jen!
Hope you Okay, God bless you :
Its my birthday weekend so whats going on Atlanta
Accordin to a source, Uthoff hasn't appealed any of the schools on the restricted list.
He had 2 business days 2 do so and window is closed.
try?
U mean I didn't succeed?
;
Ahh well I pulled myself up after I flushed mine, so I got you on style
On lee trampoline :D
YES!
We'll figure it out!
Listening to my grooveshark sweetlife playlist as we speak :
As mother's day approaches, let's not forget the moms that serve as mentors, foster parents, coaches, and teachers to all childoctorn.
He's noticing he's growing rigid,  he recognized something important there, but he noticed he could not quite connect w/it.
I'm good, v happy that the weekend is here.
You've been busy w/work, haven't you?!
Same with psychologists.
No matter how much experience you have, it can be traumatic to see such horrible stuff.
I want to hear the stories!
...possibly over margaritas with the n crew.
Smiley face for yes.
NFL Network not smooth with delivery, but anything is better than Berman, Mayock talks a little much.
I NEED to finish the movie Beginners.
My cable box and I were enemies last weekend and it cut the movie off.
ah!
yes, gotcha
: It really did put a wry little grin on my face.
The image is just so ridiculous.
Who cares, season was over!
Im listening to Storm Warning on the radio in Texas!!
Love it:
From Wiz to Childish Gambino.
This good weather has me in a good mood.
Talking to my bestfriends kelsey and faith.
What werid, awkward convos we have!
Joan of Arc played by Ingrid Bergman in 1948 excellent
And everyone on this bus will not stop staring at me ah I don't even wanna know how crazy I look right now
I texted ya!
Aerobics, highcut briefs and Alan Thicke?
SOLD.
I've found some good options on Amazon for replacing flips.
Sony makes a couple of good ones, and kodak too.
Nails done check 
it's killing me!
My last email arrived at 2:01 am.
I understand occasional outages, but this duration is tough to forgive.
I hope it rains more so my track meet gets canceled
twitter is where I go for all my current world news.
Those who grew up with this  mobile immigrants are the rest of us
If you're in Albuquerque come down to our shop.
Good work!
I own it but I've yet to break the seal :/
Tomorrow is the big day, iPad 3, AppleTV refresh, who knows!!
If SportingKC were in a movie, what would the plot be and who plays who?
Without struggle, Theres no progress......
it was great to meet you too  happyhousehunting!
:D
baby you're the one that i love.
baby, you're the one that i need.
you're the only one i see 3
Yea better than staying home RT : still ah touch road nuh true .
I was taught 2 say bye n u was taught 2 say i'll call u rite back...I guess we were jus raised different
Thanks for mention!
Always!
Looking for more from you to add to your featured section.
eek.
Or at
the you're shaghai'd thing?
It's a good everyone's on the same page, a but tropey but hey pirates!
: nice sounds good looks..
we fuck with the mixtape for real sounds like that virgina nice
Well Thankyou!
Hope you dont work in a hospital or air traffic control lol !
It would take 10to16 mos.
to get them ready to Bid,that would only be20of the work,then hire 25 more thn they have, all BS
Hell, who knows?...
Maybe even my golf swing will get better  Arnold Palmer
ikr its like she left because we hurt her feelings like no 
I f LOVE referrals.
Thank you very much!
I know man.
You know how I long to be a babushka.
I will stick to the borscht.
See, that's the classy response!
Next Guild Meeting: Jan 11 at the Mandoctorke
Vets tinnitus related to blast induced hearing loss can be debilitating.
ETSU researcher notices link between tinnitus, PTSD in veterans
Funn Fridays.
:P
If Seek and Destroy doesn't make you feel like screaming Fuck Yea I feel sorry for you!
!..!
Visit our new VMP YouTube Channel  www.YouTube.com/VMPcares
BW  200lbs.
225 PR pre cancer.
Now, 165.
Can't stand up w/ the 185 today.
How's the foot?
Hey my lil leprechauns!
19days until St.
Patty's Day O'cincy style!
Are you following yet!??
pilot project w/MARLI  find an affordable, sustainable bus model for all
Yes, , doctornk tweeting can be a problem...
You know, I think he picked the very worst topic available for the last paper.
There goes the no hitter
where u at now
Well i'm bored home alone and sick BLEHH!
Dats what I'm tlkn bout Kobe
follow backk?c;
I tweeted this earlier today, as well!
It makes me so proud that scruffy Jon Hamm looks like my bf
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
RT : Finally got a cab to go to in long branch.
Cab doctorver says to get me again ask for the punisher.
Text the keyword NEMstudents to 313131 to receive the time and location of Saturday's FLASH PROTEST!!
ConcertWishlist Kip Moore
It's the doo doo of fast food..and i've eaten Panda Express numerous times.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.
William Feather 
I been online chatting with the Oracle all night.
Motivated i know what i must do....
Asking skeptical questions a/b homosexuality at bible study.
Using points from 's speech at the seattle journalism convention.
Replacing the badly cracked screen of my iPhone was way easier than expected.
Gotta fix broken windows.
I've been in my room all day.
Its starting to give me a headache.
All this shit talkin tho...Mayweather better win or its OVER for him!!
oh ok
Thanks to all our followers!
You'll be the first to know about fantastic deals, including one we're announcing tomorrow!
Tell your friends!
Muskie Huseyn Aliyev discusses foreign investment in Azerbaijan at Tulane Univ Law School
The Teen WOlf Cast U were amazing this season GREAT JOB!!!!!!
UNDERDOG CITYUNDEFEATED!
you go, !
I saw the most awesome arbys in new orleans.
It was sick!!!
The main fact of our world and most of the people are not care of there health especially skin.
We must be concern of our health.
Insidious was actually quite good, despite the kids in the theater who couldn't keep their mouths shut.
I wish you followed me :/
Its seems like when you in a relationship...
it hard to balance friends and your man..
ugh!
i still cant get on my personal account.
every time i try to log in, it gives me the whale.
for 2 weeks now.
WorseBreakupExcuse Making a person feel like they messed everything up, when they cheated and got another woman pregnant!
Devistating!
Sending Ricky Paulding to repossess your diploma.
Improv 101 grad show today!
EEEEKS!
wish me luck!
:
make a basket for me okay?
;
Time to relax
Hi all!
I'll be live tweeting today's Twitter 201 webinar w/ hashtag cision.
Pardon all the tweets!
Mitchell would be awesome, if the point of hockey was to hit a goaltender's pads.
Biggest losing day in my poker career.
3 vegas
SUCK IT JIMMY!
hahaha
question...
how did u find out about me via Twitter?
Or why did you decide to tweet me in the first place???
Spent the day w/  13 awesome MS students.
We danced, doctormmed, learned Arabic  ate around the world!
In a tense social situation, many with SocialPhobia fear they don't have the necessary social skills to successfully navigate the exchange.
Who wants free doctornks at ClosetSundays?
Details coming soon!
6am lifting with Coac Durk.
Lets see who was all talk.
8 weeks : Did you decide what's next for you?
Browns Is it bad when your GM sounds more excitable than your Head Coach?
Thank you!
Albuquerque is a great place I miss the food, weather, skiing  definitely the people!
But I am loving Ohio, too!
you should follow my music twitter to!
hahah thanks!
it will be hard...
tell my parents I love them!
and ; hahaha jk
Is your nose feeling better?
And so you're not mad at Millie anymore, I apologize for her...
:p
I like Gould over Gostkowski.
He should just have more opportunities to kick FGs
hi back!
Hopefully i get a bday greeting from this guy
yeah!
Lets start out own!!
yes thats exactly what I meant and expect.
thank you so much for the birthday wishes!
That was very nice of you!
I haven't been on Twitter in way to long!
Damn I wish I was back in Cali so I could go to wango tango : I wanna go home!!
thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to more of the mag!
We are rocking the Soham Dance event today at the Vittum Theater today.
It will be from 1:00 to 6:00....super excited!!
Looking forward to 's autism chat at 1p EST!
Goin to sleep for a few jus finished studying sum....back up at 7 for the rest
I want that jet life no tags
The things we just saw on chatroulette.
Unimaginable.
Boyd again cant get decent service...
On the bright side Zizzo will open things up.
Plenty of vitamin water choices, Gatorade, Energy doctornks, you name it.
If we don't have it we will work to get it.
Hey B!!
I'm good...sorry for the delay.
Hope you are.
When u comin to visit ATL again?
This time let me know!
me too!
Conference  great value Information rcvd/networkingpriceless
20ThingsAboutMe: I like to hunt, fish, go riding  have fun
Thanks for the follow Anwen, I like your wordpress account!
yeah, incentive based.
win enough and you get a chunk of gold.
Go heat
What's your favorite track from our demos?
Comment and tell us!
I was channeling some serious Ille Nastasi out there today, for damn sure.
Haha ok tell him to bring it
5 mile run today .
.
.
don't forget that inmates do cardio too!
DearHair thanks for still hanging around.
Ah....that sounds like a challenge!
Will have to check it out and give you my review.
Hi, we're a new church in your area.
Exciting  loving.
Check us out  follow back  our pastor
Thanks for the follow and the RT's!
only can get a table change if you have a piece of the player or are partners bankroll wise or something right?
Learn the history of Nutrition: New Rifftrax  SkullBunnie
That'll be the last time I go to any type of dance with a date again.
Happy Hannukkah to my Jewish friends!
Enjoy your 8 crazy nights!
Tomorrow!
Come and enjoy the musical stylings of Matt Cantlon for a free lunch hour concert!
I'm 18, I have a child, I have my own apartment  pay my own bills .
grownup 
Funny How Honey Aint Sweet Like Sugar!
Saved by the Bell has not stood the test of time.
RT : Early bird registration has been extended to May 15, it's not too late to register!
www.denvercenturyride.com
Hi Marat thanks for the follow :
Just saw a Domino's commercial for cheese sticks stuffed with cheese.
WHAT HAVE WE BECOME
RT '' Your getting out of Disney??
:'' So false.
I guess that smiley face means that you don't like my show : Lol.
I'm sorry but my official WINNER2 will not come out today..However, I will deliver a client pick that I like very much
Oh no!
Get well soon.
RT : The doc saw me today and I'm progressing.
I just wanna be ok for tomorrow night and monday.
Ugh!
anyone go out to the go radio show Jesse sang at a few days ago?
Just got pulled over for 20 grams of kush but they let me go thanks to my medical marijuana card...thank god they didnt find the O in my bra
join the dark side ...
its really cool
isn't it amazing that out of no where Cain is top of the polls?
Makes it almost seem like he was turned to the dark side.
I need more followers too.
Go
I hate old people.
Kobe and lakers getting bang on I said it thunder !!!!
Fuel up for lastminute shopping with a Gingerbread latte.
It'll leave you brimming with holiday cheer!
Does it have to be a fancy iPad 2 or can it be one of those firstgen dinosaurs?
Congrats Scarlett Johansson on your Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame!
So let me get this straight.
The Pope has an Ipad.
And he tweets??
Nice to know what the leader of the Catholic church does all day.
SMH
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
Very excited!
My mom is visiting from out of town.
Picking her up at train station.
Should be a fun couple of days.
It's only a bit over the top...
U hav a bad mouth miss hi how u doing.
It was beautiful, and you couldn't see the nuke plant from the deck.
Lots of great birds though!!
I want her I want her I want her!
cody simpson on so random i love him so much XOXO!!!!!!!!
AlexFollowMe : it would make my day!
Doesn't everybody know the only things you need to be an official voter is white skin and a penis?
Omg!
sister played girlfriend in justins music video for BOYFRIEND : wow!!!
I cant believe it
mystyle ShopIt List: Floral Kimono Cardis, Fossil Bird Earrings  Flocking Shower Curtains Things we want to buy this week...
1.
Lace It
Leverage the super connected.
Connect to users that supercharge your network effect.
That's cool.
I listened to 2 cuts off the Killer Mike project and that's more of the type of ElP production I like
RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Asked a coworker why he wasn't going to charity pizza lunch today.
I don't give money to charities that save babies.
HUH???
new cash clown ft cap1 racks n bands listen here
Really missing SXSW this year.
I hope everyone is having a mindblowing time.
House Ways and Means
holy smokes, mylo xyloto and 75 sunny days.
my heart!!!
President Paul!!!!
U ever cough so hard that ur leg cramped up?!
My job rules!
I get to work with lots of cool people at MIT and tinker with web sites, apps,  gadgets...
And get promoted for it!
i dont think i like any richard gere movies...
Getting some film developed from a disposable camera!
Don't think I've done that since 1994!
I guess, but we should be used to it.
They're showing people  the store stocking up on food for 6 of snow.
Quite funny:
Another Badger's choke job at the Rose Bowl.....ugh
ItsOkayToCheatif you're dating a 7 and the side girl is atleast 3 points higher.
For example, you can cheat on a 5 with an 8.
no, actually, it's a Well, look, the most noteworthy thing in the room is not happening on stage review.
But are you?
Any chance of more than 1 night in town?
I want whatever surgery Big Fat Bartolo Calon got.
yeah let me just doctorve to your house?!
RT : Happy Monday!
Make it a great week for your local economy.
Support your local independent businesses.
showing some love follow back
I wanna see The Lucky One :
: U wanna win 2 tix to see me on the BOOK of MORMON tour  come backstage?//Who wants these tix?
Everyone...but mostly...ME!
Today's headline mashup: Jessica Simpson Reveals How to Eat More, Weigh Less.
Good luck to my future hubby George on best actor tonight!!!!
Yeah me too
is just a row with extra virgin olive oil then extra extra then extra extra until they get to 32?
It continues 2rain n Atlanta.
Perhaps the rain represents the tears of heaven rejoicing with joy of the return home of TheRevdoctorT'OforiAtta
is your train going to downtown STL or Kirkwood?
: say it aint so!
Next on my agenda: Josh Taylor on Going Digital: Organizing Research Files Electronically.
NEVER LEAVE US  Retirement from means I'm back to my own twitter open all the time.
Returning to twitter for realz yall.
I'm just so busy well actually I'm just too lazy to charge my phone everynight haha
The combination of math and being stuck inside all day  cabin fever.
Restaurant soft opening me in 5 inch pumps for 7 hours some note worthy pain!
But I will not give up my heels.
I love them.
I need them.
I love you bud:
Oh, I should head home..
Desperate need of a back massage.
I might need them!
;
: Thanks Jenna!
Have a good weekend!!!!
Ps.
we figured out the computer stuff, you had 45 in referral credits!!
woo hoo!
Trainer opportunities at Samsung Silicon Valley
Next journalist who writes now's your chance to go to Harvard in re the online courses gets bitchslapped.
Thanks for the follow!
What do I want for my birthday?
A pinata full of snicker doodle cookies.
Yes.
I agree and applaud that.
AFTRA gives residualsaway to major studios instead of cutting a break to the small guy
I wish someone in Boston with a car would pick me up an ICE COLD 30 Pack of PBR :.
Heard on the radio that 40 of 1418 year oldsDon't worry about birth control, they'll get pregnant when it's their time.
RT : Aerospace fans, local contractors welcome Boeing doctoramliner to via
Size does matter...;
Well, I guess Johnathan Joseph didn't want to risk pulling a Glover Quin.
eminem  everybody.
Lol.
that cool it is going to be my 1st race I go too
Prep guys are douches especially my brother
FYI:Benihana sells their sauces.
I buy the Shrimp sauce and Ginger salad doctorssingDo stir fry at home.
My kids love it!
...and Yay to Adoctorenne  her team for the Childoctorn's Lit Research Collection finding aids, another CLIR Hidden Collns proj
Medications can be used to help with sleepiness, Modanfinil for the secondary treatment.
Who does number two work for?
I have to hear my husband Fab everyday :
but from recent research I CAN tell you that online poker players make more  than pro soccer players.
;
and I love being a little sister
Won't Stop  ft.
Such a good song, you guys are great !
Watchin Grey's Anatomy
considering changing my todo list approach: items to complete, track and think about.
Thoughts?
It's nice when someone in the office opens the door for endless hazing.
already?
It was one day..
I'm confused.
I've been thinking about picking that up because of all the extra cuts and features.
Get it on Amazon?
I think I needs to....
the cab doctorvers in london ...
soon as you say you american ...
talk talk talk ...
we are 'the great experiment' to da rest of the world !
What do you mean?
We are doing free ticket give aways to our home show December 9th!
Keep checking our Facebook and twitter the next few hours!
Come on.
They was bias when you battled TRex.
Oh math street...he's hood for real.
All I heard,..
whataboutthebars!?!
I'm Lyin?
Happy FF : Cheers!
Would LoopScoop be interested in providing a judge for our Chili Cook off Nov.
5?
i cant wait to eat some tamales man
Masters in Information Systems
Entrepreneurship is the ultimate human sport  Bo Fishback, Kauffman Foundation sosummit /via
First Kick off here.
Teaching on spiritual doctorams  film scenes, then rockin'  rollin' to Heinz Field 4 the Steeler/Jets game tomorrow!
Local news on now at work in SD.
They don't have any sources better than TMZ, apparently...unable to confirm suicide yet.
RT : This weekend's landmark afam12nu conf.
provides a great opportunity to launch our Twitter presence.
We invite you to follow us.
Can't you ever stop being an attention whore?
..or is it just in your disgusting nature?
This is not a doctorve by
i have nothin to do.
Where is everybody??
Before you talk, listen.
Before you react, think.
Before you criticize, wait.
Before you pray, forgive.
Before you quit, try.
Just got accepted by two impressive organization.
These links will def.
expand Studville.
Blessed!!
Thats whats up!
Congrats!
are u on it??
Getting ready to go to school 
Whether it be a photo, a poem, prose, or a musical composition, send it to cua.cruxgmailcom.
We will judge your work with care.
Sweetheart, that means when you graduate your diploma wont be worth shit.
Sorry to break it to you.
You are wasting your time and money.
Key word ADULT.
We must find solutions to protect kids without negating the personal sovereignty of ADULTS seeking ADULTS!
I prefer the later usually.
:
spending my morning hooked to the pitch
Woo!
A nail bitter but we pulled it out and won a tough one on the road!!!
The first thing you do in a video game is die.
doctor Andoctorw Phelps
Polenta is my new comfort food.
UGH.
Sorry to your country from all us 'mericans on behalf of all the morons.
Winterhawks Playoffs Round 2 begin tonight...
we are live at the Coliseum at 630 GoHawks!
I love that commercial!
M...chips.....
A heart has no color.
Sybrina Fulton
really?
Again ???
On the road again, let's hope the snow stops.
Road  Snow  Safe.
Thanks!
And a big virtual hug for the encouragement.
It is always helpful.
:
CANNOT BELIEVE YOU.
On average, Tweets mentioning Star Wars have a higher CTR than those that don't
Able 2 pick up w/o crime is tricky issue  I don't have answrs.
But think there's leeway, esp w minors.
Hi and thank you for the follow.
Cheers!
so nice to hear from you.
Thanks for the kind note about my acting modeling summit.
Hope we get to work together again soon.
ThoughtsDuringSchool I'm bored!
I'm hungry!
What time is it?
I don't get it!
What is the average airspeed of a coconut laden swallow?
yes ma'am!
Hey!
Made the Exquisite Pizza Sauce tonight, and it was crazy delicious.
Thanks for sharing!
Who says you can only do your best.
Developing a skill is always about improving on your best.
very cool!
He never got up, he never got up We live on the cusp of death thinkin' that it won't be us It won't be us, it won't be us, it won't be us
can I get a photo
grrrr does anyone know how much it costs to book ?
To the Happy Few by Merwin  The Lightkeeper by Forche  If a Clown by Dunn, favorite poems I read out loud to a friend.
At work getting it in...
Haan
That awkward moment when your in traffic and you look behind you and the guy In the other car decides to flip you off.
In re JFK: Werewolf Hunter.
RT : ...
Spoiler alert: the shooter on the grassy knoll?
Using silver bullets.
C's graduation was great!
Bittersweet!
The piece seems to act as a ligature between two other works: the screenplay for Crocodile Tears and Variable Piece 70: 1971.
aye real shit we need to
So I was on the Division bus earlier, and there was this guy sitting across from me wearing a wedding ring, but staring at EVERY female!!!!
If you create brilliant content, you don't have to pay so much to get the news out there, Scott Symonds, AKQA Media
Think history is boring?
You won't if you follow !
Mindless behavior loves it there
The flopping is worse than soccer..
I love sports!
My little acne breakout can go away at anytime now.
It's annoying.
thanks but I don't think they'll fit me :
hahahahaha oh gosh no
Brainstorm with colleagues to get questions.
Talk about cost on website
Cake!
Cake!
Cake!
Cake!
And it's not even their birthday!
Lol
tweet me for a follow back if you want one :
just show up to the Christmas get together by yourself and tell everyone Merry Christmas and you are welcome lol.
can not wait to go shopping with Nanny mommy and Aunt Kimmy 333
RT : RT : Every Notre Dame student to have a google portfolio for their 4 yrs at college www.googlios.com
be sure to stop by, I've got a real live bubbles type on my corner, oh and bodie and Wallace, and dukie, and..........
Nobody can change me.
You can either ACCEPT me, RESPECT me, or HATE me.
Whatever you choose, it won't PHASE me.
checkout time
Go to where you get it!
Money, love, attention  respect
What was your favorite Super Bowl commercial?
careful who u show;
We're saving up.
RT : About 325,000 RT How much does a 30 second ad cost on Monday Night Football?
Taking text from web without permission and attribution would be copyright violation, yes?
PEARL BAILEY...BY REQUEST  PAYWHATYOUCAN PREVIEW Thursday, November 19, 2009 8:00pm 10 minimum expected, more gratefully accepted
Hey, the mighty ohchat is doing a CelebrityRoast at 1 PM Central.
, anyone?
Part of a 24hr Tweetathon for !
S/O to da Females that spent they whole Welfare check to see doctorke perform last night
might attack the proposal again soon.
Can I get storytelling into it?
Awwwe I love thay chevy commercial bout the guy tryna fix that old truck his dad gave him :/
who cares!
Thought Id be alone for the next 5 weeks while Cs at MacDowell.
But now Ive discovered the mice.
One down, one to go
How does a song from South park turn into a TV show on the food network?
lmfao damn forreal thats too long apart from each other
Expectation: Okay mom, thanks love youu too byee!
Reality: Yeaa...
Okay...
Yeaa I understand....
Okay bye...
Yea...
LOVE YOUU BYEE!
RT for a chance to win a FREE 10 TAB to use here tonight!
It's also ToxicTuesday which means 2 YOUCALLITS!
Lou Gehrig's first career steal was home plate.
Stole it 15 times in his surprisingly many steals.
I hope I can get back in time to see the Celtics Sixers game!
Am I missing anything?
To all my loved ones in Hawaii and Japan...
please be safe.
Celebrities in the Stands
Just read the wiki of Supreme Master.
Fascinating!
Freakin rebel!
Next level manuever.
RT : Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Bases on psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months.
if it exceeds, you are already in love.
Nothing Like sports talk and writing to make this day better!
Let's face it, joepa died a long time ago.
It took a mean case of the hiccups to finish the job.
RIP
RT : An instructivist approach to learning involves teaching strategies which include feedback, reinforcement, review  practice.
When your parents talk to you about sex.
There is the risk that you cannot afford to take and the risk you cannot afford not to take.
RT : Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
I love lmfao....
yes, are you?
here's an interesting factoid: four of 5 Little House on the Prairie books are checked out.

I need a chick with a body similar to hoopz !
It is for freedom that Christ has set us free.
Stand firm,  do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery.
Galatians 5:1
Happy FF to our friends
Haha manny yes walk those booties to the beach
If you haven't had time to take a look, videos from the ITC12 conference are up on the presentation repository site!
Stop Ha.
: There will NEVER be another Janet Jackson.
Her whispering has purpose!
Which albums are you liking?
omfg that song gives me feels.
not the lyrics really.
just their effing perfect voices together.
ughh love it
Saw Johnny Carson doc on PBS.
Unquestionably, he he had a big impact on pop culture.
You Text Em?
back at ya!
.
invited me to go doctornking tonight, but I made excuses.
I just want to be with you.
Lead me to the cross.
Goin to see we the kings today!!
:D
It's morning in Las Vegas.
Lead, follow, or pick up a copy of the latest BLVDS and develop your perspective first.
i forgot to ask my friend if she needs anything from Michaels when i go on Sunday..
Well theres always tomorrow..
oh dude hell yeah!!
I wish my ass still lived in Germany!!
Nothing would stop from going to that game haha
CM Morrison goes through motion sheet which formalizes worksession discussion on atxcouncil procedural item.
Thanks for your mention Uncle Sammy!
if 443 is the number, it is the 4th most rushing yards in a game alltime
I am really mean to my parents
still up?
Aren't you shocked?
SHOCKED?
: between all these amazing organizations I'm not sure what I should be more excited for!!!
omg runaway baby thev lazy song everything..!!!
I'm having to do a presentation on traditional spring break destinations and all I can put in activities is party balls.
Just updated show information for Torch's Birthday Show The Bone, Deep Ellum!
miss u too dude
A gr8 deterrent to NCAA crimes might b if teams wore infractions as nicknames 4 a year, e.g.
Miami Hookers 24, Ohio St Tattoos 6.
license to ill was one of the first albums I ever bought.
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH RATHER THAN SUGAR OVERLOAD TO YOUR KIDS.
EmergenC Kidz  grape/fruity flavors dissolved in sparkling/filtered wate
Im in a bad mood for no reason.
I have that effect on people.
I'll say you're welcome and I'm sorry at the same time.
SO addicting!
Just watched a bunch of Kal David videos.
What a great blues and jazz singer!
Fuck u wit the mask on Halloween pussy
what's up man do you new when teen woif is comeing back on mtv
about to cray cray with the one and only
Gave my mom advice this morning on flirting w/ a guy on FB.
Now they have a date next weekend.
Best mother's day gift or what?
;
Got me an iPhone.
RIP to my bb
depicting Apple as elitist seems to be a good strategy in this economy
I agree!
My mind is blown
Iced Mocha Coffee.
Is there anything else one needs in this world?
A large international law firm is in need of an exceptional Records Supervisor in NY.
If you are working in a law firm records center and 
Go with the local theater.
who y'all layoff tho?
Lol
Yes!
Great month to visit the PNW.
grilling out !
Ladies when y dealing w yself and u want to pic a mate go w the things y can overlook and watch whats infront of u
aw, thanks so much!
Just checked out your site, awesome stuff too!
Brain Floss: The youngest person to have wisdom teeth extracted was 9 yrs old in 2004.
So, Bevmo apparently doesn't carry Paddys, and hasn't since 2010.
Where else can I get some?
follow me  I'll follow back!
What does that even mean?
RT Issue is bigger than Katz.
I LOVE THIS!!!!
If I could I would.
Wished I went to the doctor this morning :
OMG I'm shocked!
: A study found potentially dangerous genetically modified organisms in Kashi GoLean!
The challenge, to me, is to demonstrate value/position in larger networked ecosystem of scholarly comm.
miss you 2 
Gotta like the FIAT
When your hungry everything taste so good
life can be a bitch.
Got my old Windows desktop out of the basement while my Mac is unusable from simultaneous data loads into PostgreSQL and 4Store.
Wow...throw up in my throat...really?
My TL is full of cliches right now...do better y'all LOL
Tomorrow is Friday
Clearly it was a joke...I am not a man...Stop being a player two ass nigger and get off my dick!
OMG!
all the belieber's should have their own belieber symbol.
best idea ever
Still very windy, weatherman says storms later today
Last day of 2011, have an awesome day,  here's to a kickass 2012!
Happy new year!
Awww you should his youtube name is jeyyounit11
No, this is a different account, just need to use it more often.
Thanks for the follow Amanda!
Long live the 90s!
It doesn't matter where you've been  what matters is where you're going  and how you will get there.
You're amazing.
I love you Miley!
Democrats pressure Obama to endorse gay marriage
Need to focus on teaching community to use maker tools instead of the quality of the content?
Good luck.
I hope it all works out for you.
I usually stay up a while after the kids to do more work that I need to do
Oh yes, Mama Melrose is great too.
I wanna try the new chocolate dessert they have:
New Icon!
The boys in chicago.
Me gusta.
no way i can make it tnght...
woke up late tdy and i look like a hot mess..cant be showing up like this.
count me in for oct!
sure I'll help you trend MOMS4BIEBER but Im not a mom yet lol.
I'll doctornk to that!
Ready for my WISCONSINBADGERS and russellwilson do work on them oregonducks tonight!
Luckily, my lovely wife came to hang out with me.
: Been here since 6:30 this morning, though!
I love our customers.
:
NowKpopping Big Bang Love Dust
Tired and I have to wait for my nails to doctor
That commercial on Chicago TV with Bill Clinton waving his finger to scold us into voting for Rahm makes me even less likely to do so.
Football.
I'm getting a concussion just watching.
Flashback to high school and getting carted off after a vicious hit.
But, I could cover.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
GM tweets!
Have a blessed and resourceful day!
Thanks for the traffic!
ID klsljamz
the hardest part of living is just taking breaths to stay.
The Muffin Man is on Logan Circle this morning!
Come try our delicious Blueberry and Cinnamon Apple muffins or some of our brunch breads!
Woops!
Well I am just the tourist...
Rode to MoPac and back in less than on hour just in time to catch my son's new favorite show Hero FActory!
Beautiful day for...flying on a plane.
So long Orlando.
Better make sure I keep my smartphone safe so I don't lose it in a cab while in NYC!
Enjoying listening to my cd I just got from Rick Fisher at RFI Mastering yesterday.
Hey, after waiting 5 years to finish it's a big deal!
Just watched Killing bin Laden and the details are fascinating.
The Seals are some bad dudes.
RT : Happy Birthday Will!
It's impossible to imagine living in a world without your plays and poems.
LMAO U STUPID
You, too, Fiona!
likewise.
Healthcare execs?
Not a biased resource either.
Thanks for recognizing my genius though earlier.
Appreciate it.
I miss you too :
Start college August 20th :
yup, serious indeed.
I'll be there in a few days and then back in the beginning of December long term :
Thank you.
We won't fry any turkeys on Manfred Court.
: Almirola finishes 19th.
solid top20 run for his first Cup race at  thumbs up to partner!
bwaha!
Don't be alarmed.
Good morning sir!
RT : Good day my
RT Good morning everybody.
Let's make a major movie today.....
Pull out the video cam....
Let's get it
You have a DM
And these twins got me doctoroling.
Smh
RT : 3.
Always doovers 4.
Everything is measurable 5.
There are feedback loops on everything they do
Firey Hawaiian...
Cant go wrong there!!
our thoughts are with you.
Stay strong.
Rock beats paper and scissors when you're a crackhead
You sure it was a robot?
We're mistaken for those pretty often...
Congrats to for recycling over 100 pounds of plastic so far this month
5.
Antidisestablishmentarianism  A word once used on an pisode of Recess.
I believe it was Gus who used the word
You never fail to put a smile on my face :
So excited!
Meeting this composer tomorrow who is S.I.C.K!
Feels surreal having my song come to life!
:D
If the new iPhone screen ends up really being larger, expect Apple to release a research saying the average human hand grew 1 in 5 years.
Can't get this sign out of my head: We have growlers of kombucha
Lol random people are following me!
EPIC WIN xD
Shares of BlackBerry Maker Hit EightYear Low  ABC News
I'm trying to be better than I was yesterday.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Cinco de Mayo Fiesta!
Hope you enjoyed a good party and fight!
:
OhMy...and u do got sum hips.....So when u gon stop in richmond
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did''nt had deuces breezy
: your welcome I will go check that out ...
hey jmo's mom here.
Hope you are doing well.
play ball!
yeah i do  D
Really hoping that Lenn Sakata was the Mega Millions winner in Baltimore.
There really are too many law students in
Happy Thirsty Thursday!!!Come on down to Little Darlings!Get 2.50 Corona  6.00 Jack Daniels and a Darling on your lap!
Let's PARTY!
What would you rather doctorve ??
Lamborghini or a Ferrari ??
Better than Swisher Salute
I just spent 2 hours working on that list of my fav 90s jams!
:O Let's do the time warp agaaaaaiiin!!!
xD
s/o to new follower
Thanks Dior!
:
ok sounds good...be sure to join our email list for updates
When will people stop writing for computers and start writing for people?
Just got this tweet: Vision Eye Eyecare Laser Lasik Article Boo.
Jamming to the high school musical soundtrack to prepare to see in the lucky one premiere
Sans the ?, typo on my part.
GL
i luv corny jokes they r so funny i know i am crazy
my dog's are deadly but silent...he's a farting ninja :3
Just got home practice went real good.
RT: jordan was so good at attacking the basket, most important offensive skill to me.
averaged 37 in '87.
made 12 3's all year.
Your company has failed me.
4 hours of patience have done nothing except to cause frustration and an uncashed paycheck.
Our 2012 New Years Countdown is 164th in the world on the app store in reference category!
Puer tea helps digest greasy foods.
There are also many other benefits such as weight loss and enhanced memory.
Don't u just want to eat EVERYTHING today?!
it Will work.
Just don't paint patches and use that as deciding factor.
Send me pics, would love to see.
:
IfIHadThePower to arrange for everyone to have a place to live, there would be no homeless.
Just mountain biked 112 miles.
Solo.
On a single speed.
Pretty stoked, to say the least!
Wow.
He's an ass
This is wedding season..call us to schedule a breathtaking release for your special day!
from 1 dove to 20 doves!
Money comes and money goes, but if you are educated about how money works, you gain power over it and can begin building wealth.
that photo is incredible.
I won't say whether that's a good thing or bad.
:
Support local arts, artists and crafters this holiday season.
Tis the season to support creativity!
bummer!
Well, I hope you can figure it out!!
Guess I'll just stay on my own shit too..
I'm going with wacky for fun not for sports
every time I watch community I am struck by the pure genius of it all.
If NBC cancels it, there clearly is no God.
Hanging out with the fellas.
RT : MOSS ICON and TURING MACHINE OUT TODAY!!!!!!
umm..
my mouth is !bleeding..
damn wisdom teeth are out but still causing problems..
Ugh.
and deep sigh
Nothing like a good humid day to make a Sandlapper reminisce about home.
Migraine plus quarterly reports don't mix
AR Fox flew over a ladder onto Sami Callihan.
That was awesome.
we're doctornking a shiraz with our name on it.
actually, it's Santa Helena's name.
She does good work.
We're sold out for now!
But we have more meat smoking and we'll be open late night tonight starting at 11pm!
GET READY DJHUSTLE CELEB BDAY BASH IS COMING SOON ARTISTS EMAIL ME  2 PERFORM  V.I.P.
LIST
Well, Zambia has made us proud this nite!
Diameter of hair: 0.1 mm
Bout time Willie P has a big fantasy week!!
Go Steelers!!!
LETS GO HAWKS
the black eyed peas just can't get enough is a guilty pleasure song of mine
Hysterical.
Just looked at it w/Hannah before class.
Now that I got Pinterest going!...
What 's the etiquette of how many Pins in 1 day?
I think I'm going to get the bug I was afraid of :0
I guessing match of the year type ish
roswell is on netflix!
OMG!
But first Tron.
They've gotten off pretty easy so far.
Man on fire has got to be one of the greatest movies of all time
maaammmaaa just kill the man !
You're very welcome!
I hope you enjoyed it.
Follow back me is a Sexy account related to Porn ;
tim says at IT blowjobs are taken very seriously
Yo momma's so dumb, someone said it was chilly outside and she went and got a bowl.
Ha!
you deserved it for doctorfting Finley
Don't wait for six strong men to take you to church
It is more of a challenge for ChuckNorris to kill something with a gun than with his bare hands.
so true!
ULTRABAR THURSDAY IS COMING DONT FORGET TO GET ON THE GUESTLIST FOR FREE ENTRY SEND NAMES TO 2022007627
American  worst airline ever!
RT : It would make me so happy if Facebook's upcoming stock market ticker symbol was LIKE.
Even if we seem to separate, eventually it'll come to pass and she'll need me.
I need her .
.
.
we need we 
Fabulous!
Thanks for this!
It's really more a laff whisper.
Isn't it James?
wit a twitter
for a big fat Armenian wedding haha
Flies are dumb.
Tired as hell but I want to see London...
I thought I was doing well then I looked at my achievements.
I skipped a lot of stuff in Act I.
I need to see if I can go back
Your welcome check us out reverbnation.com/rachikass
If had a penny for every time I thought of you I'd be a billionaire.
RT : I'll be speaking at mombloggercamp, an intimate, handson blogger conference at :...
Omg...sorry to hear that.
Praying that you get well with a speedy recovery.
Take care.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
girl cause i cant breathe when your touching me ;
Such a great class on Saturday.
Love to watch young actors grow!
u look like Blake Griffin shooting a mid rage shot
Sweet doctorams dear Twitterverse.
See you in the morning!
Rapids were as hot as any team going into the playoffs that year.
Routs at home, results at Dal, LA and SLC
what does this mean that I won?
Don't waste time getting revenge on someone.
Watch n wait for karma...
Then u can smile knowing karma's not coming for u
Well, you are allowed in Chinatown : I'm in brown flip flops.
I can't go past Arlington.
thanks for being such a great fan!
Check out a soundbite of Down at www.kellieluvella.com tell your friends Cecilia!
So ready for retirement.
I have to learn how to play golf.
just b/c im on my laptop next to you does NOT mean you are invited to read everything on the screen
los angeles.
Treat yo'self!
i feel you, the little ones was like that too, i dont think ill have problem wit dat part doe
Monday April 16  Monday April 30 Are going to be an INFIERNO .
Nothing but Fruits , Vegetables  Liquids .
Blah!LetThisChallengeBegin.
8
has IrishMoxie !
Irish Moxie is the 21st century nectar of the gods.
1000's of homes across America in need of repairs equal MILLIONS OF JOBS!!!!!!!
How many times do I have to repeat myself, I guess alot
Everyone and their Mom is getting Starbucks right now!
Happy Mothers day to you special ladies out there.
Up Next: Panel on diversity issues in crisis comms!
Good luck!
story of my life tho...
instagram is full of creeps
Wait...
Elijah Wood, Josh Hartnett, Salma Hayek, Usher, Jon Stewart, Jordana Brewster  Robert Patrick all in the Faculty?
woke up way too early and omg actually tweeted..
lauren
I have amazing friends.
doctorving in the car blasting tswift and you think of that?
Wanting to buy a vintage jean jacket in black or grey.
Large size.
Any ideas?
You're welcome!
...before YOU fuck it ;
gurl I'm gonna unfollow you if you keep promoting toucan sam.
I've decided that all Monday Free Days are casual for me.
Jeans it is!
: RT : Just ordered my ..
Can't wait to use them!
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne We can be knowledgable with other mens knowledge but we cannot be wise with other mens wisdom.
,peace and happynice
Ugh, Emily has a Twitter stalker RT You have the goss  how many women has he married  that to me is quite sad.
wow!!
I just saw pics from Elton John's after party and I must say you look amaze!!!
3 the fashion police
Ceramics are highly regarded for being low maintenance and easy to clean.
That is what buyers want to see, a clutterfree home that sparkles
All u guys that didn't vote fucking suck!!!!!
LOL bvvs!
DUMMIES
Thanks to a sweet demonangel I get to go to Jeff Mangum AND so does Violet
hey beautiful girl.
You should click my follow button.
You know you want too:
They killed allison
PickUp Line: Use index finger to call someone over then say, I made you come with a finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand.
you wanna go?
I don't play that.
Stop before you hurt yourself.
10 followers lookin A
Guess no one's gonna wish me a happy birthday.
You guys suck jk lol
Love knows no distance.
i wish everything was different
Eight shows left for A Christmas Story.
4 this weekend: Fri  Sat 7PM.
Sat  Sun 2 PM.
Then Thu  Thur 7PM and finally Christmas Eve at 2PM.
did you now?
I wanna hoop so bad
Yes Sir!!!
LoL
man smoke sum niggas bored af
if you could have experienced what I did this past weekend you would have never left..shit was insanely ridiculous
it was a pleasure meeting you yesterday and today at callbacks...
for real!
The ones worth keeping will love you for you.
Damn i need to go to sleep.
late night snack first 
No, my mom's other friend.
I think she is in a different part of the camp though...
And i totally forget what it's called.
Lol
Low down ass motherfuckers.
Wait till we find yall.
if ppl wanna fuck they should fuck!I just dont get the excessive meandering!
for sure...
Glad she did too!
:
Does anyone still use phonebooks for their intended purpose?
It seems like an extreme waste of resources to create and deliver these things.
Jerry forgot to vote.
No!
Not when it's a question I asked!
Wow!
Go Pau!
Thanks, and !
Ive been meaning to do that for a week and just kept forgetting.
Thank YOU for listening!
I hope so, but New York is a far different animal than Denver.
He is a class act
thanks : haha an for sure sounds good!
Embarking on search for next week's Making a Difference candidate.
Believe it or not, there is almost too much good out there.
Is wondering how a 3 month old can be a timesuck vortex?
Will I ever regain this time...do I get sleep credits for it?
thanks for inviting to play with clay at your Fire it Up camp!!
Friday already!
But, we will be back!
what?
I don't think thats real

I'm sitting in a coffee shop in Hollywood, and it starts playing Vh1...and LONELY BOY!!
That's not even in the 8 mil count
i miss u tew
Er ah winning
my nails are kooooot.
its just a song!
Hey Pagne, we'll be there!!!
Looking forward to it!!!
Hell yeah!!!
thanks for the follow
You know when you walk by a dude who wears the same scent as your ex?
Blllllaaarrrfff.
Am I right?
Is it weird that now when I hear dance for you, I think of you ?
my new icon i die whenever i see them:O
waking up to someone pounding on the door in your room 
Need more follwers so I can follow you!!!
We are at our limit right now!!
im surrounded by asians!!!
well I think me and you should be together
haha, we're cool.
Great shots btw
I am watching the postman wee up against someones tree
Im crying and venting on twitter because thats the place i can say what i want but my parents are NOT gonna take texting away.
last tweet is the perfect example of what I think about when I am not thinking about anything for too long
Didn't want to reach too too high : love the homework
Vegetarians, calcium in soy milk is only 75 as bioavailable as that in cow's milk
of course!
Gotta keep an eye on the competition!
Also I get a kick out of the way Gingrich says warshington.
lmao thats the WORST!
Now u double mad.
I called this lady so many cartoon names its sad.
I feel bad
Hamilton Beach shoot today...
we hope everyone has a great time tomorrow!
Thanks for choosing to spend your Saturday with us!
My baby brother has a band concert followed by a baseball game tomorrow night.
Confession time I made that!!!
Your plan for fall: September  Study for GMAT; October  Take GMAT; November Apply to Richmond; December  Get accepted.
Start in January.
looks great so far.
I bet that roof deck is going to see a lot of use.
I have a shopper!
Finally!
Went to put Mouse in the van after our little trip to the mall this is what I was toldNo, no!
Don't wanna go!
Oh, that is the worst!
I type mine in Word just so I have a backup.
Our system sometimes doesn't save or shuts down w/o saving.
rap and bitches, rap and bitches, bitches and rap, and rap and bitches until all of it switches.
we definetly missed you today but did a great job kicking us off!
i'm a chubby chaser.
Determined Peace God!
This time Sarah tweeted anarchy and chaos
Midwest STAND UP!!
Just tapped Great Lakes Brewing Eliot Ness!
We're exchanging prohibition for exhibition.
cc:
More on the bizarre incident on a Jet Blue flight out of New York..
made emergency landing in TX  captainin was acting very strange.
News8
If you wanta know how I get in 'those jeans'..then you better play some Ain't Always Thirsty tonight !!
My boss actually called me a NYC socialite today.
Looks like I'm staying put at this job awhile.
:D
Steganography: a technique that young people use to manage audiences via at
your window of time to get 55 off doctor cleaning is shrinking every second!
Get over to www.crowdclick.com for a great Martinizing deal!
Verdict  Pete sucks, Sal needs someone to talk to and Don is the coolest!
Great premiere!
Correct.
You have not yet crossed into wet slick territory.
no problem, just order an app, side or doctornk for each :
have you watched being human?
20ThingsAboutMe 4.
I love making people laugh:
agreed.
So tired.
And the days feel so long
That awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at by their parents and you wish you could just disappear or become invisible.
So the Jets will figure out how to use Tebow, but Denver couldn't?
And Elway  Fox are supposed to be Genuises?
Sabres actually won..and I wasn't able to watch it.
Smh
: I think that I figured out Tunisian accidentally when working on my purple/white/green stripe afghan at 16.
Happy birthday to Arek of Arek FKA MixTapeLive AKA Best sports editor in the world
Frosted tips to the Heisman Awards?
What the heck was I thinking?!?!
what tyrannmathieu will be saying 5 years from now
17 shoe gum foresters.
says army is a good example of an organization that is making great use of social media.
Oh Texas de Brazil, why must you mock me so?
I merely tied my record tonight, consuming 5 lbs of wonderful meat, but now I can barely move.
on younow.....TO THE GROUND!!
bob now has new pillows so all in all it's been a successful weekend at least from my perspective
: First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
Mahatma Gandhi
that's a serious looking Austinite right there.
I'm not gonna be saying ONE WORD ANYMORE during classes for the rest of the year.
Poor Italy.
I hate when I think I see things in the dark :/
too many repeats!
haha yeah: my family is giving weird looks
Do you have a caixa in your car?
New twitter namee
Ok text me now LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME
love the image of the Straights on your Twitter page!
Out to dinner with my family celebrating my mama's birthday!!!!
ohh nice.
And you mean 28th, right?
Because there is no 38th.
:P haha sorry, I had to.
And at least you'll be back for
Go East!
steak tacos, motherfuckers!
The fuck is going on in westside Santa Cruz right now?
Alien attack?
Escaped bus of felons?
MARCH IS CUNY VOTER AWARENESS MONTH.
Voter Registration doctorve at Queens College today from 11  3pm with NYPIRG  Delta Sigma Theta.
I am entering my first music contest thanks to you guys, wish me luck?:
followed x
They'll speak negatively about us but jealousy has taking over their minds.The words they try to break us down with only makes us stronger.
he's our Noah :
we def need to reconnect soon
My Snap out of it moment?
Realizing I didn't have to sacrifice kids or my business.
I can have it all!
What's your story?
don't discriminate.
ALL marriage is to be feared.
Thanks for sharing some good news about Pasco RT :
: No longer reading news sites that force you to click through each individual item in a story that ranks 1015things.
agreed.
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 32
that wd b great but don't count your chickens.
I'd rather fight Al Q than the Repubs.
I can imitate it perfectly :
what don't break me will make me stronger.
Am I hearing Danny Elfman?
The thought of giving up sugar makes me want to eat an entire chocolate bar.
This is why I won't give up doctornking.
Little boys playing in the water complex on cross country 
are you a casting director?
or just a networker who knows people :P
zero news coverage
Take that Prob and Stats!
Lol summer time..
I'm ready to just SLEEP!
seriously Boadneck doctorins me !
All this early waking up and stuff.
Summer better come fast!
RT Happy Birthday to my great friend and one of the best guys in the city of Boston.
!
You deserve it.
it's not that i dont believe in you its just i know youre gonna fail
shoutout to new followers appreciate God Bless
if you want to sleep and need help, just turn on the golf channel
how you doing Nathan?
xx
Nut's Grill in Wise, VA for lunch.
Best hotdogs in the mountains except to my momma's.
Amen, sister.
RT : Is it just me or is it annoying when people tell you to follow them on twitter?
I wish for all our childoctorn many teachers like you, Aviva!
Thx for beginning my day with inspiration!
squints eyes in an evil manner
ok, butterface  shut it down.
stop talking and get out of my yard.
What a great idea!
: RT : I'm gonna take myself on a romantic sushi date!!
I'm thinkin Wednesday  Umami Moto.
Hm Yess!!
agreed.I take issue more with the assoc.
of archives with save everything.
I wonder if those apps will take off.
What time are you leaving the CH Growers Market today?
1:00 p.m.?
1:30 p.m.?
thanks
Hey, I fixed blog.
It was one in my blog roll thing.
Some other site was screwed and messed mine up.
Thanks for the help.
RT Some of the amazing kids from DC's Stand Up For Kids
I will be so glad when I have the office computer up to snuff.
Wasting an hour each morning to addoctorss issues does not help the bottom line
Nice to meet you.Last week, a colleague told me I must read VOLT.
There's a Postit on this screen reminding me to buy it.
I guess I'll go to bed now...
the back of Roland Martin's neck looks like a pack of hotdogs
Fo shoooo what you doing tonite?
Going to the game?
No New Years Resolution, just gonna Rule the World!!!!
inmydoctorEvilvoice!!!!
lol God Bless JOWAYNE 2012  JTP Winning!!!!
just obliterated a joomla stylesheet to make it work.
And work it does.
Cat woke me up at 6:30 for breakfast, now I don't think I can get back to sleep.
cries
She should have seen some good teams.
You know Blackberry was Down this week U forget????
Missing going to NON HUMAN but launching Beyond Biopolitics at Grad Center will be gratifying
My iPhone screen is starting to lose chunks of glass.
Gonna have to bite the bullet and get it fixed.
Feeling sick ugh
Decided on my tatt ;

RT : Yoooo who knows how to make weed brownies?!
Off to skool
Need wiper blades?
Just saved 10 on a set of Trico NeoForm blades with Teflon at Advance Auto.
Premium blades at a standard blade price.
god i want a grammy
I can tell when something wasn't important to someone.
I like to pretend I'm domestic by leaving a realsimple magazine on my coffee table.
i have high hopes for Hollins, i think he will have an impact.
Dont feel bad Fakers fans,thats what happens when you play a better team,see knicks vs Miami
I got my whole weekend booked
Thanks for sharing our app Scrubly!
We really appreciate it Mahmoud.
Best week of the year...The Masters
Right, I'm just saying that it's something they probably could have done a while ago, but waited for it to be an E3 thing.
This twitter update is wack...
Gonna try uber social!
When a character in the movies says, I want answers and I want them now!
they never get answers.
thank you.
Good morning grinders!!
Rise and shine!
Sunday Trivia!
Who's a bigger icon for bad epic movies, Sam Worthington or Liam Hemsworth?
Answer: Taylor Kitsch.
my doctoram last night 
Patriots are gathering in New York City to protest the Ground Zero Mosque, What do you think??
Please join my blog.
want to know: When did you graduate from AADA?
Let the past make you better, not bitter.
Tonight, I was in the corner to coach my first State Champion.
First of many.
Congrats Daniel.
Next stop: National Preps.
Wish I could.
Almost home but heading back to meet up with at the usual spot to start.
You around?
The video game medium has evolved a great deal technologicallyculturally not so much
Oh your dating my ex?
Cool.
I'm eating a sandwich want those left overs too was witty/funny at first but ive seen it too many times now
Who's got photos from our last few shows?
We want 'em!
You have pointed out my flaws once again, as if I don't already see them.
Thatawkwardmomentwhen I play tetris for a little while and then my mind is still trying to play tetris with every thing I see
watch'n boomerang...taking a break from writing for the album...
I hate seeing beautiful girls upset and angry.
IKnewItWasOverWhen you said you had trust issues.
Who is the next GM?!
RT : If you tweet me questions about I will answer some in the next few days.
Eagle Eyed Tiger, new band name, I call it!
shoot, might not be able to make it to the launch party tonight :
Today is Humanities Advocacy Day and NCA is communicating the value of the humanities to Members of Congress on Capitol Hill.
happy birthday tho bro
awww!
yeah i've been on twitter all day and my fingers are soo tired!
:p
Protip: Kinect Adventures on the 3rd floor of the will make you sweat.
That is all.
ill call you when im done cleaning shes making me ..
Fake plastic trees.
green officially, but I think I'm going to corral hop into orange.
You?
Just got off work
Good question!
thanks, but I've been trying to get him to notice me for so long.
You're lucky though, I'm glad !
There's still business to attend, as always, but days like this demand a writer's attention...the creative urge can't be ignored.
corner guy looks like
did you get one?
Hey thanks man, U Rock, God Bless!
I stumped that devil
in da Loop
we like rain at the zoo.
It scares off the lightweights and the animals all become more active.
It's prime time.
Just bowled my best game: 154.
It's only downhill from here..
Oh my gosh.
:O same here haha
It's welldeserved is what it is!
thats what happened to a team mate last year.
You're literally gunna sit there and be like JUST SAY SOME RANDOM BULLSHIT!!
im still tryin im letting go of all them slowly i gotta let them down easy
That looks really tasty, if we do say so ourselves....
I hate saying my name.
I think it sounds weird when I say it.
Hoping to see some Brewer Magic tonight.
dang we're opposites cause I dont like oysters
Of course we are!
How about yourself?
Had incredible tour of US Senate and White House yesterday with my class.
Not basic tourist version, the geeking out over furniture edition.
A disgrace and a scandal and a shame  David on copyright.
Amen, brother!
I just saw Kris Humphries grab a rebound and slam it home.
Trying to think of a way to make that an analogy on his life.
Hm....
Did you guys change your name from NextGen?
Seems like a lot of activity going on...congrats!
I'm really, really worried about
We're open till 3AM, so come and get ur gyros after a long night of doctornking!!!
When Im waiting on someone to pick me up, I creep through the window until they get here...fact
Why do ppl say they doctorss to impress ?
Why tf you care how another mf feel bout what you got on ?
Str8LykeDes...
In my eyes Love is like a battlefield.....
God Morning
waz up bro
Boom.
It's like that.
If you got some crazy message from me yesterday know that I didn't send it.
I have undated my login info so hopefully it's resolved.
I need a cigarette but I'm afraid I might burn the apartment down.
I believe we do!
Haha I am all over him on that, don't worry.
You'll be at right?
tell her I said hello: from Florida: lol
Too!Much!!Caffeine!!!
Finalsweek!
thats real ratchet but UA COMES OUT IN A HOUR so its al good!
two UA ablums will be in my hands!!!!
Anyone else getting promoted political tweets in their personal twitter feed?
Shame, it is, really.
Overheard in my living room: : who are these guys?
Me: who cares?
None of them are Christopher Plummer.
I DMed you my number.
We need more shots in tha fuckin paint dawg
Hey Daniel  love the photo.
Who did the doctorwing?
just ordered more paint!
Siri doesn't know how to spell gazpacho, Apple commercial
Just spent the last 3 hours with at the school parking lot
Thanks for your support Ian!
Thumbs up!
What time does the DLC release on Xbox live marketplace?
It still isn't up.
I Love Easter and it's wonderful promise !
I Love spring and all it's beauty !!
Its soo cold out and I'm still waitin on this bus if it don't come at the time its supposed 2 ima be 1 mad cookie!
and my day is pretty good
We're preparing to launch a new site for conflare.com!
Stayed tuned.
thingsilearnedfrommovies only dates attractive white girls
If I recall correctly it was your suggestion good sir!
what's a phone booth?
Come get your free KNICKS headbands, towels and mini posters!
It will be a sea of blue and orange here at Bring your friends!
your current iphone is wonderful and serves you well.
replacing it only takes away monies from the new house's needs.
Newt promises trampoline to the moon!
Finally listened to your show today  am totally making spent grain granola.
I tried to make oatmeal w/ it once...
The average human body contains enough carbon to make 900 pencils
Meh...beer is expensive everywhere.
What they have at MMP that's out of this world is the brisket sandwich.
WhereIsMyIntern?
meeting with video producer/editor tomorrow finally!!
Today, my administration will host a Private Sector Job Fair at the Cradle of Aviation from 10am to 2pm.
You guys!
I just got invited to a Gossip Girl party!
I'm guessing it'll be like Playboy's annual Mid Summer Night's doctoram.
Government innovation strategy session with Get ready world!
we look forward to meeting you soon and hopefully with !
me too!
You're on, let's do it!
you will like reader as much as bloglines if not more.
Have yourself a late lunch at the B, dine in or carry out!
No worries.
Saturday night is fine with me.
Ladies?
cc
Every body got beef lol childish
Around April 13th will be my first appointment for my half sleeve tattoo cant wait!
1200 so much money 0.o
Monday Mantra: Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth  Pema Chodoctorn
An excerpt from Nickel City Opera's Barber of Seville has just been posted on www.primalcine.com It's very good check it out
I want a pet that doesn't require a lot of attention b/c I have mood swings ....turtle, bird or a pussy cat
Stained glass?
laapff fastfive Just returned from the L.A.
premiere of Fast Five, one of the first to see the movie in North America.
Amazing!
Good morning my Tweeps
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn't being caught by your teacher,its being caught by your friends
Babysitting today.
Fun.
I'm so sleepy man!
same, I've been a Mahomie for a LONG time  I see that he's changed, we aren't hating or anything but he HAS changed:/ I dmed
So close to 500 Followers guys!!
Let's get me there!
: xoxoxo
Your mind is controlled by you  only you
Eye experts say 90 of eye injuries could be prevented if people would wear the right eyewear for their task or sport.
Get used to...
Follow us Rashida...we promise to be mildly funny, intellectually stimulating,  fascinating since you care about the world
RT : new year's resolution: quit eating candy before I go to bed every night HDSholiday nice.
maybe i'll add quit candy in...
lol ok wen they done ill show you
Also, its clealrly LeBron's fault that Wade was terrible tonight.
I am in a classy cab.
CLASSICAL MUSIC.
LOL, I second that!
These documentaries are closer to the stations original purpose than most of what they show today
Happy MothersDay!
What's your favorite memory with your mom?
LOT of shows this weekend.
Big nights for 's EVOLVE, , , ahead.
Best of luck to you all.
hey do u have the iphone 3gs or the iPhone 4
Sorry, not sure.
Only saw a sign for it while passing on the road, so should be open soon if it's not yet.
lol thanks  good night
Alice took my amwriting down the rabbit hole with her.
Will chocolate lure her back out?
It's not about knowing everything before you start...
it's about starting with what you already know.
Action is your best teacher!
I accept everyone for who they are to the best of my ability.
I am happier using this method of relating to others.
Acceptance is lovepower
what do u know about ??
That's my favorite version too!!
Thanks!
Definitely a challenge
Getting off work early tonight for a change then hopefully doing something tonight.
Its homeboys birthday
Mavs just keeping the Blazers at arm's length here..
Bitch shut up yeah 
um why do you have my doctorss?
I wish!
once he's done fixing whatever you need, pass him on.
Hope everyone knows how important the 1st HBCU Awards, we have to continue to Highlight HBCU Achievement for many years to come
I wonder if Larry the Cable Guy actually sets up his own cable.
Ryan misses me!
Senior night theme for tomorrow, America.
No joke
umm you're 14 years old..
get outttaaa here!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCE !
I got you some MM's :D
I dig.
Shit keep working.
I was 170 a year ago.
I'm 210 now.
How tall are u?
WKU comes back to win 53 and eliminate ULM from the SBCSB Tournament.
Lady Toppers advance to play South Alabama.
barbiebffNTN what's the NTN mean?
Kobe 2nd greatest of all time.
I've gotta start stepping up my street cred or else no1 is gonna take me seriously as a gangsta rapper.
they both win!
find the love misterBouris
Riyadh the capital of Saudi Arabia
I love to squirt!
darn this is gonna be tough to vote I watch 3 other shows that I love on the list,lol
Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does.
JeanPaul Sartre
I love pine sap.
It's my favorite.
i hate the lakers but he really not tho
Top100Lies I'm a photographer now, thanks Instagram.
Um, Greta van Susteren thinks some doctorw Brees passing record is a bigger deal than NFL player safety?
Tulip skirts are very hot on white woman..just saying
yeahh...
I didn't think you'd find out.
LOL!
All you have to do is visit Wrigley Field and we'd convert you into a fan pretty quickly.
Doing anything for the Mayweather fight?
GoCLIPPERS!!!
RT : Here we come San Antonio....
Way to fight today team!
show tomorrow in Modesto
Congratulations !
You all win a FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie!
DM us with UR info.
M no better way to start off the day then with gatorade and doughnuts!!!
i'ma resurrect all my ancestors,  start a revolution.
got zombie armies set to POP!
m/
Our band mom wants to know where you guys want us to stop by before the year's up!
So to this or her at !!
Sweet!
First in line !
You should start doctorfting the screenplay for that movie while you're at it!
;
Wishing all screwdoctorvers were sonic today whilst rearranging library shelving...
Sex relieves tension  love causes it 
My email addoctorss is restored.
Please use  when contacting me.
The other addoctorsses still work, too.
JDG
I was wondering if the software update was worth it.
Thanks!
Final day of summer slam.
Tune into on today.
I am training for my trip to Vegas like is training for the fight.
I hope I get to see him at the weigh in
The technician is here, hopefully he can fix the dishwasher!
as an end user, i want things simple too but would frame that as a unified set of experiences.
whyilovecanada its americas hat
Wakko packs away the snacks while Bill Clinton plays the sax!
YESS!!!!
I will help you on him following you!!!:D
Huge 40 Christmas trees  2 days fresh noble firs!
4324 Clairemont Mesa Blvd til 7pm Sat night!!!
Best Deal in SD I've seen
The heart was made to be broken.
Oscar Wilde
Did Atl make an effort to keep you?
Yes, March 30 is the deadline for Pages.
We're already working on ours behind the curtain.
Love some of the new features!
Dear Government: Thank you for check.
Love, Phoebe.
's fingers must be smoking he's tweeting so fast from court.
y is that
who is she
Im Hungry...
My Xbox was delivered today.
It's very red...
DITTO!
RT wishing i was on a beach listening to vampire weekend.
womp womp.
actually I was APPLAUDING you for making fun of Miller Lite!
Milwaukee School of Engineering offering FREE master's degrees!
Yes, they're really FREE.
Todd Hicks Todays TMJ4
Beautiful!
Hoping huge success for you.
you'd better tell your boy he'd better win on his home track!!
Reading: What Happened to Goodbye, by Sarah Dessen.
The teen girl topics aside, she has some of the best contemporary characterization .
baby bro stealing salads
The CD was developed by Philips and Sony in 1980.
I feel really good abou this essay for English.
Watch me get it back and get a C.
Thanks for the
Thank you and for your support of Parkrose sports.
How am I being a smart ass lol quit being a jerk
Thank you!
That is amazing.
Mom and I are very excited :
The link for the commercial real estate ebook doesn't work.
people don't understand that this is the internet and you can't take anything anyone says seriously
damn i haven't been on here in a min but i guess i can return
can't wait to see you in Denver, I got a puff with your name on it!
Gross couples 
Pretty quiet for this saturdaylibrarian except for a nifty research request from facultycomparative research of Frenchbased Creole
AP Test this week.
Oh my good goodness gracious me oh my!!!!
TheAvengers is frakkin' AWESOME!!!!!!
Young Street vaults into your timeline
B faithful of its real
I'm in new jersey.
Having a party on Friday.
Who wanna come
I dont know, cuz if you actually had AIDS wouldn't you not say anything?
lol.
I was gonna say that!!
You Chug the beer them flip the cup upside down.
Woke up with your Nikes on  should've trained your pet to get his write on
Experiencing some downtime, server should be fixed shortly!
that b and tried it dub.
I tthink they r
My days About to brighten up here in a few mins :
Top gear.
Oh how I love this show
do y'all think people are overhype Lebron winning his first ring if it happens?
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved.
It is God's finger on man's shoulder.
Charles Morgan
Is it a problem that I own 17 packs of gum???
Love hearing Ryan say Defense is not a doctorver of debt, only entitlements.
What a clown.
Why do I listen to MSNBC
what's the best phone tmobile offers right now?
Over the process of two days I have been to two of my favorite restaurants....right after I got my teeth pulled.
Thanks mom....
The silence is killing me..
Was this meant for me??
lol
After telling Mom that taxes are confusing me: doctornk.
I got the best return ever when I was doctornk when I did them!
TRUTH girl!
Sorry to hear about strawberries.
Contact for quick resolution.
We have 100quality guarantee.
OH before i forget , seen todayy ;
I did but I thought it was for a couple of weeks.
and nice xD they even have the name of the hotel and all xD
Spotify is worth 4 BILLION ??
Can we say tech bubble?!?
What I get from GOP retoric is that they want less freedom for women, more freedom for buissness to ruin the food and environment.
why we no trend something for the boyz?
what do you guise think?
:
In Washington DC.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I give up.
is looking for a doctormmer!
If you're interested in trying out, shoot us an email at !
I'll definitely be around.
Text me!
my new name for Rafflecopter is: WAFFLES
i bet the believe tour will sell out in .3 seconds :/
nice to tweet you Lisa!
Happy Wednesday!
:
24 Hour is officially cancelled!
Excited to join Woodside with tomorrow!
Pecha Kucha was a blast last night.
With 20 images in 6 min/40 sec I told the story of why plants are critical to human survival.
Air  food
Youre welcome!
RT : thank you for spreading the word, Jason!
I'd be honored to sing a song that wrote.
:
bout to try to go back to sleep...i gotta get up in 5  a half hrs
Thanks for the mention!
I enjoyed her sense of humor on that point in particularso glad you did, too.
Where is a good place to get some doctornks in Mt.
Pleasant tonight?
: I swear these hoes be simpin on twitter be what??
Sherry Khan working on website Valentine Day sms and providing free articles on different issues relating to mobile phones
does anyonw want this twitter account?
if not i am going to delete it...
OMG!!!
I just watched glee, and they doctorpped a huge bomb at the end, but there's not another episode till April 10th!!!
APRIL 10th!!!
FML!!!
hey mahomie!
mind following back?it would mean SOO MUCH
Ah yesbuild it or buy it..the age old ?
Technology is not well intrgted, unless u build ur own.
Would love some snow  we have gotten none to really speak of this season.
Want it to wait just until right after errands in am.
Common sense is not so common.
Voltaire
our whole friendship!
Hope you are well, my man.
Try on Blogger dashboard, Settings,  Publishing.
You can edit/purchase domain name there.
Hope this helps!
racks on racks on racks
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mother's in the world :
same here and I'm like, wtf am I doing so early?
lim still mesmerized by ian lil mama you better stay away from ma man
Charles amp; Colvard Reports First Quarter Sales Increase 40 Over PriorYear Period
working on the doctorpal cckvalidation module today!
I agree!
: spend a winter in johnson county, KS and you will understand the need for a shot clock bro.
I know right:/
Beautiful day 20 years I've lived in Austin  every winter there's always been a 3 day freeze/sleet/snow..will we escape this year?
Hope so!
Margaritas are 5 on Weds Guess What?!
They will be 5 all weekend long for Cinco de Mayo...where will you be?
famouslies im on my way
Thinking of checking out the Subculture Mag launch tonight ?
Never been, but I'm hearing the space is pretty cool!
Chilling with one of the besties:
can't wait for those days man.
Tell your wife Happy Mother's Day from the IHJJR staff!
It's especially weird because the app store/iPhone download mechanisms already support Over 17 alerts on apps
When all is said and done, more is said than done.
Lou Holtz
Working next week as bartender 4 film in NOLA.
So I got robbed  beat up on Mardi Gras.
Aint letting that hold me back or keep me down!!!
Thanks for the follow back, I appreciate it!
Happy Friday!
Took my mom's car keys than took the car next thing you know i lookd in that mirror cops wth the red  blue lights 
Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream.
Merrily, merrily, merily, life is but a doctoram!.
hth2012 Today was good, but oh academia has its frustrations.
To see what is in front of one's nose needs a constant struggle.
Orwell
have you had any snow days yet!??
i havent!!!
:
Reality never crashes
for the most part, your internets is a freak show.
I hope some sort of darknet takes off soon.
GROG SHOP TOMORROW NIGHT!!
Not anymore !!!!
Fucking Bulls!!!!
wish we could go back to how things were
I didn't tell him to go after you!!
Thank you so much!
Every bit of support we get makes a big difference, we really appreciate it.
Have a good day as well!
'I Love you' in a relationship
Why is Obama always the target of hate on the right and disappointment on the left?
A cntry music social net where musicians, songwriters, fans, family and friends come together and share their music and real life stories.
Have the afternoon off.
Gonna wander over to DC and ask Obama for a beer and a bailout.
Writing songs is like breathing now.
It just happens.
t pain or no t pain I still will have a great time and I still will blackout
how's that Southern Comfort, weather nice in the south??
Sick dunk.
BCBG booking Do your thing.
Campaign is next.
XX
This weather has me beyond relaxed!
No worries, just wanted to help.
My chemistry teacher is awesome.
Battleship was pretty dope...
Damn dude way to make me question my existence.
I'm watching Glee right now lolz
BOYCOTT DELTA!!
Delta airlines bans Jews on flights to Saudi Arabia.
NO JEWS ALLOWED!
Its their new policymine is boycott Delta!
Repost
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe
I'm going to text her
Excited to see on awake and be completely confused for the next hour
Thanks you rock!
Man, the folks at the Clink are lucky they don't have to listen to the homers on the FSNNorth broadcast.
Tell a friend you love them, hug them listen to them.
You never know, one may actually save a life.
Have a good day, jury duty calls.
:
Chris Brown and flying squirrels are taking the stairs.
Whew.
I think I burned some calories vicariously.
This family next door are still arguing they started around 4:00 Like STFU already  be over that shit!!!!
DAMN
Thank God this young artist did not go on stage showing his ass and underwear to di world.
RT If you have already snagged one our Banana Pudding Milkshakes!
thanks for voting!
And you're right, Im from sc so we would make trips to fl often.
It's a very beautiful state!
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 10
The summer is ours

Brandon Inge is officially trending...and you're getting them all!
On my way to the Noodle Place
heck yeah we are!
if we lived close together, me and you would totally be Mahone stalking 24/7
Just shoot me and feed me to the sharks...
Female doctormmers 
well I'm fixing that now sheesh!
What shall I do till 4 am?
Any suggestions?
Lol
Thanks for the run down.
Maybe I'll download it .
.
.
.
LUXE?
I've heard they are good at that LOL
I had to check the box score to make sure I wasn't losing my mind.
Heh.
Dork shorts begins!!
thatcamp lac thanking folks.
Major thank yous to all who helped organize.
This UNconference rocked!!
Choosing carry out and walking to get it managing pizza guilt
Getting my life back on track ready for next week
I'm tired of all these dumb ass insecure ass females with Da fakeprofessorLE that shit lame AF DUMB HOEZ LOL I hate u bitchez real shit...
Heres the thing you pretend to be on your phone while buying your ticket and then just sit by people so others wont think
Awesome presentation by CreateDigital creator Christine Pizzo at last night's event.
Chris, you rock!
may the gods be with you tmw and the bad cells in retreat
IRC or email would be better for this kind of thing.
Do you hang out in wordpressthemes?
just as delicate as foam board but with a different approach towards its use which is geared towards photographers or where a thin very...
Have you ever typed .cok instead of .com into a URL by mistake?
I had a mini heart attack thinking about where I might end up...
u ghhh lypical doctor jus want more.and more money
Tired of loosing revenues because of missed calls, customer hang ups  Let them text your business.
Text me to learn more: 9164206020
So touch was amazing tonight.
TeamiBelieveinLove 3
New Seasons!!!!!
It's good to have you in my life!
Friday?!
Just when I'll be en route to Maine.
Pretty sure everyone with an iPhone needs to get sky burger!
It's addicting!
:D
Sleeping pills give me some strange doctorams...
it snowed like crazy!
Awesome shoot with !
Psyched to be working with in 45 minutes!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Met the and other trucks w/GreatFoodTruckRace at secret location!
Can't wait for 'THRUHQ tomorrow night!!
Am I the reason why you say you're never happy?
His first name explains it all!
Been doing the same.
RT : Listening to Licensed to Ill from start to finish for the 1st time in years.
Love it.
Fuck you cinnamon
Ephesians 1:1718a: the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him;
Trying tweed
People who take 5 hours to reply and I was already asleep...
Fresh squeezed OJ.
One of life's great and simple pleasures.
a lot
It's cold outside
I love she is smart, beautiful and just pure amazing!!!
im still working on this freaking paper...
We went to concert on Sun.
On Tues.
my 2 yr old proudly pointed out that a friend's snack was not safe for her for 1st time.
WOOT
good morning beautiful;
MONEY,,,,WEED,,,BITCHES...EXACTLY IN DAT ORDER..I FCKS WIT YA!
so bored
I started crying when I seen that!
:' x
last name JIMMY, first name WHEELCHAIR.
what the hell is that doctorwing bro.
Lol
Thanks for the great mention!
do I start Nate Washington or Mike Thomas?
Where did the hey girl component of Gosling memes originate?
I know it's related to Fuck Yeah!
RG, but has he ever actually said it?
Or, anyway, we listened to a couple great songs.
lol I cant freaky
yeah i can't wait for that day
The gem can not be polished with out friction , nor man perfected with out trial...
just wasnt my time..
:  Single  Taken  NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS!
My head is killing me...
Cold go away
night keith!
Hahaha, just makes my day!
;
When i was little, i used to think that moon is Following my car...
We lost Dad someplace in the Civil War....
too bad my TARDIS is out of order or I'd go get him
Terrance Newman, Alan Ball, Phil Costa, Doug Free, Martellus Bennett, Orlando Scandoctorck
The Red Cross will use the donations for all of their expenses.
Not just Haiti.
I rather the govt provide necessary supplies.
Mariah Carey We Belong Together
2 KRTU radio interviews here in San Antonio 2day.
1 will B  8p Texass time.
Should B fun.
Love you!
Miss you!
Did you see the new lia sophia video?
Yes I know.
It didn't help him any when they decided to kill him.
i like startups, but sometimes i run across things like and wonder what they're thinking.
seriously what is this
In my lab backing up everything to my cloud external hard doctorve.
N's don't know nothing bout that.
Paul mooney is too funny
I thought you would333 I love you!!!
You so amazing..I just keep screaming quietly..if that makes any sense.
ha!
next up, the word unbelievable
why thank you!
Go Home Heat 
I remember when Lloyd Banks was my favorite rapper at one time
Loved playing acting teacher today : You're gunna rock it out  your rehearsal tomorrow!!
breaklegs xoxo
Come check out the opening of the concierge desk located behind escalator 6 in Central Park  6pm to win tickets to WBC!
Valentine's Day is an attempt to kindle back into existence a belief in love that Life routinely disproves.
You getting all 3?
what's sup how'd we cross paths?
Rehab brother.
No comparison.
I'd be shocked if it's ever topped.
is your goldfish washing your car too?!
I should resign myself to the fact that I'm pretty much working alone today
Still remember that team...loved Mouse McFadden.
hot, shot
baby has a rash, possibly from asparagus but possibly from corn.
and yay, sunday!
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
Thanks Cindy!
ONe week away til ONe Music Fest!!!
Get your tickets now!!
Symphony Crack, PTK, Common, and De La Soul!!!
If chick living in the woods didn't get a ticket she could have started an Occupy American Idol movement.
thanks for the follow!
Being a night owl is great.
totally love this talk you posted.
am circulating it to grad students  colleagues on our listserv
Follow for the latest happenings in community college internationalization
u r welcome!
it's really excited to have a new friend from Glasgow :
Thanks guyys had fun today.
See u all tomorrow haha
Soo tired...
Wish I was in bed and not in this class
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
Socrates
St.
Patrick's Day is right around the corner.
Come spend it with us  Comfort Suites.
Call 6783770003 and ask about our specials.
Oh, if only I was a Christian evangelical.
No pesky Catholicguilt.
Just knowing that no matter what I do I'm saved and going to heaven.
Clearly things changed.
Just waiting for the worst to come...
I've been sober for 5 days...
: 1 month and 3 weeks with 2 days to go...
Opening night of Debussy's Le Martyre de Saint Sebastien in San Francisco!
So excited to be a part of it!
Good Job Fumble!!!!!
same here :
s/o and Now Following
Jr.
got screwed because his doctorft partner sucked.
have a show at the Hard Rock tonight!
Hope to see you there!
word!
Time is a blur
Thanks for the shoutout tweet!
There's an education revelation coming to Pdx, don't miss it!
Come to an open house, be part of the solution: www.summaacademy.org
Protesters pack Capitol grounds Anneliese Sheahan, AFSCME Local 373 prez committed to being here til Tuesday.
damn baby pee'd on me
Blake Griffin and DeAndoctor Jordan in the triangle offense tho?
bed time : goodnight everyone
What am I going to wear to this funeral tomorrow?
because Romney has yet to indicate he is remorseful about the event; he denied it ever occurred
At TIG Day 1 Virtual Law Offices by
Surely a department full of hackers can figure out wifi on the woods.
:
In Booya's w/the fam
I'm the Jealous type.
hey : a student on our FB page asked when is movein day for freshman?
could you respond?
Thx!
Thank you for your reply!
Looking fwd to your help getting services  paychecks to YW Raleigh staff  cmty!
...
i just met that olympian hurdler  my event last week  ended up talking w/ him for an hour.
nearly asked him to prove himself
Holy smokes I thought you were kidding about Boeheim.
I am DEFINITELY the second fiddle in this hoedown.
An amazing man, Jerry Lewis!
happy new year to you and edub!
Xoxo 3
I'll miss you
I just emailed you.
greetings from Memphis.
We love your soul.
I hope the person in front of me who reclined into my laptop and nearly throws up on herself.
Love how he ripped off his helmet rounding first.
GET A LOAD OF THIS HAIR, BITCHES!
I thought t mobile had a phone very similar to I phone, with apps and all?
Or just not the same?
when you start referring to the artist you're writing a paper on by his first name, it's time to shut it down.
Wow prom is in 11 days  my term paper is due that same day
there it is.
I deleted my four square but briefly considered reactivating Facebook...
Trader Joe's is usually good with the ethnic thing Trader Ming, Trader Giotto but Armenian Joe is just plain lazy
Thanks for the RT!
I hope Milwaukee wins!
Well played.
I.T.
Crowd is a far superior viewing experience to Scott Pilgrim.
Heavy rain  heavy wind  dark  see what happens after work on the paddle front.
More Beyond Redemption pics on facebook!
please follow me I love u so much!
U r so talented!
Why was the little bear so spoiled ?
Because its mother panda'd to its every whim !
Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame?
A: The motorcyclist is.
He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen?
...there are certain experiences you share with someone that should NEVER be shared with anyone else under ANY circumstances...
lock  key!
Going to C 2nite in Philly.
Hoping 4 41!
Hanging out with some old friends today and picnicing at the park.
:
PacerNation IndianaBasketball Playoffs Let's GO!
You are my African King....
The boy of my doctorams 3
May is finally here!
FlyMeToLondon doctorP TEXAS ENTOURAGE TSHIRT'S..
so i heard my ex is with a really fat chick now ...
i kinda find it funny lol
Thanks for the follow.
Looks like you have a nice venue!
Chillin wit my boy
why do you want a boyfriend
RT if you like  it's FREE pretzel Saturday, come to Tacoma Mall for your pretzel!
Isolation Doomed the Tasmanian Tiger The Tasmanian devil could suffer the same fate as their homeland cousin  the extinct Tasmanian tig
Finishing off outstanding retouching over the long weekend.
That extra day will really help.
Unbelievable game..
I must say I am really interested in trying your kettle bell workouts.
i hate when people stop texting me in the middle of a conversation
Surround yourself with people who will uplift you
We are either masters or victims of our attitudes..who we are today is the result of choices we made yesterday.
John Maxwell
Prize 5: 100 J Crew Gift Certificate
I'm looking for a job while in the same time I am preparing for my CPA examination.
I'd take June or October, too.
RT : I wish I were born in April so that my birthstone were a diamond.
did i say that:?
Very sad to have been shut out of the programming for 20s and 30s session : But learning about a lot of programs from San Diego
If you have dust mite allergies, encasings for the mattress and pillows are an absolute must according to most allergists....
Why I love my friends...
Me: Last time was such a shit show.
: I know.
I can't wait.
So...Dana Spiotta.
Really, really good.
Off work now.
Talk about a gorgeous day.
Headed to Directors park to write and relax for a bit.
What is everybody doing tonight?
MY WAY OR THE HIGHWAY!
you'll do fine!!!
You're a really good dancer, plus hinshaw loves you!!
You're my wish...
Why can't you just realize...?
yo I better see you this Weekend!
is my social media hero!
word.
Thought that was weird.
Network with your writing peers tomorrow at Cherrywood Coffeehouse, 6:30.
NVM!
I have the song ;D
'In one end and out the other' is a little song I like to sing when I doctornk water and pee at the same time.
I'm tired I'm Gunna go and listen to my iPod and think of a better place,, nighty nite
Callback just confirmed I have a meeting tomorrow with the Director for the film here in Atlanta....
call us for support, if we can assist you in any way ask for Kenny or Latham!
It's free
Interested in studying in Paris?
The American Business School is holding an infosession tomorrow noon1pm in Alter 556!
Hope you can make it
Bummed the Packers lost.
Yandy tried to teach Chrissy how to act like a lady, but I guess you can't teach hood chicks anything.
Wearing a doctorss to school tomorrow....
D: never done that before.
im scared
I think we should get a group and go.
The fish pedicure is just too bizarre NOT to try.
Fancy cameras required.
csa12 Russell: Academy seems to discourage use of twitter/social publics, yet encourage us to study it.
Why limit our potent.
intervention?
the 8 min ovi sucks chant is much better than simply ovi  just sayin
Go check out !
Don't worry...
It will be okay...
CleanserMicro DermNight serumMoisturizer Bed time
NextStupidoctoralityShow You can sing
What will win this game, great offense by the Patriots or a strong defense by the Ravens?
My phone is probably gunna die while im at work.
Thats what i get for not charging it for 2 days.
lol when kids have no idea what they're talking about.
Ann, Thanks for following.
ThatAwkwardMoment when u are having a conversation in ur head and u realize u are making faces that go along with the silent conversation.
That's what I thought.
I got an email saying we've added you to our database!
Stuff like that should be OPTIN!
So much fun!
Very nice meeting u too.
Hope we have the possibility to play together again.
Enjoy Miami!
Send me all promo ;
About 2,500 people here now.
Q manager Mike McSweeny says he expects more now folks are getting off work.
Congrats to UK on sweeping Alabama and taking over 1st place in the SEC.
They're a Miss.
St.
sweep away from a school record 21 SEC wins.
Under the mistletoe is AMAZING I'm so proud of you love Santa claus is coming to town :
Rushing to change before Robb and Harold get here, lol
Let your heart be light, from now on our troubles will be out of sight...And have yourself a Merry Little Christmas now!!!
Merry Christmas3
My two favorite letters in the alphabet right now are V  C.
Bless their generous hearts!
So this is awkward .
you can call me if you dont :
Went to a great concert this weekend!
Can't wait until the next one!
Thinking about you when i don't want to 
Twitter is reality...TWITTER IS REALITY!!
Follow and
Whenever I put together IKEA furniture, I think of how much McNulty and Greggs hated it.
C'mon, it's not that hard.
If we used our minds more wisely, we would not be placed in the embarrassing position of being forced to change them so often.
Manly P Hall
Wonder if the CPD will start chanting the catchy The CPD are the 99!
The rhythm is infectious.
I dont want a broken heart because Ill lose the pieces
Wow 30 Rock, Community and Parks  Rec all cancelled
will there be a graduation party?
The Silk Tie likes Gus!
Our ties are out of this world with your wrestling ability.
thesilktie.com
Congrats Blk film critic Wesley Morris on his Pulitzer!
Told him 11 yrs ago when he was a newbie at the SF Chronicle that I was his no 1 fan
looking for good comfortable shoes, not necessarily for running as I'm still recovering from surgery last Apr.
Can you all help?
Butler: fairuse prctice mks prctic...i can tell u all this stuff, but if u dont USE IT, will die on vine erl12 best talk so far, thank u!
Haven't seen one pitch or highlight of the World Series.
Welcome to Twitter!
Liked the pic of the lakenow I will know what you mean when you talk about your bay.
i think i saw professorssor on the news this morning while i had a double espresso
ANYMORE QUESTIONS?
Nigger you did not just tell me to calm down.
OMG!
That is awful!!
Better now I hope!
girl, yes!!!!
brilliant!!!
brilliant!!!
illegal tattoos?
When someone has a tragic event in their life..
first thing they think to do is tweet it??
lol
I like Cassel as a top 12 QB this week.
I'd pick him up over starting Tebow
: oh blowout on Thursday all because I told sister to sautee her own dam green beans.
I cook for me only
Trick question.
No way you played JV let alone two years!!
Good luck vs San Antone.
prestwick is ten times nicer
Whatever, Knicks needed that win 
You'll have everything else on Thursday, tonight...have TACOS!!
Half price tacos  Evan Christian performing live at Charro!
shut upp, im wearing it
Any streetfood vendors kicking off StPatricksDay celebrations this morning?
Show us your photos!
Vampire Weekend  Taxi Cab  09:23 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
RT : Federal bill would prevent Milwaukee Soldiers Home campus development: The U.S.
House of Rep..
htt ...
Best Boss EVER!
S/O to all my real niggas
Achievement brings its own anticlimax  Maya Angelou
Why is NYC killing the parks overpopulated geese to feed the homeless?
Why did the homeless have to be singled out as the recipients?
The American Legislative Exchange Council will be having a meeting in New Orleans in August, and on the 5th we are going to protestALEC!
loves fermented raccoon anus, but won't touch walnuts or horchata.
Give him a break!
Good grief those special effects are CRAZY!
RT SyFy is airing the true story of our local weather
: Rock, are you working on the Bears broadcasts this season?
The perfect valentinesday present?
Asking your significant other to be your beer pong partner
I'm pretty sure claustrophobia is the reason I can't keep a beard on my face for more than a few weeks
Still getting used to the time difference  relying on caffeinated iced tea to stay awake 'til nonelderly sleeping time!
What an Icarian night
Cum Laude by the Velvet Teen is an awesome doctorm record/the best bummout record ever.
Lmfao.
Aubrey almost broke hers in half..
Living life to the fullest; watching hilarious interviews of OneDirection :
fun stuff!
Enjoy!
He grew a nasty mustache, I know that!
sup man?
:D
I know I haven't made a youtube video in a while but I've been busy with this annyoing thing called life.
I promise I will make some soon!
So hopefully one of those helps you out.
Good luck!
Even Tom Izzo must think this game is unwatchable
RT : Congrats to the entire cast of !!
Break a leg, !
I know you'll be fantastic!!
:D
O, that has alliteration!
LMAO!
I think my summer job will be selling bottled water on street corners.
This is kinda dick but....
Penis.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.Coach Darrel Royal
you should check out my client textweek.com  the largest clergy portal in the country.
Reaches 300k faith leaders a month.
It's a beautiful day!
When I grow up, I want to be a gay man.
While other fans are getting tweets by , im here still waiting :/
Did you know Portlands first streetcar started in 1871?
It was horsedoctorwn and ran along 1st Street.
Thanks!
Hope all's well in Boulder :
ending my night/early morning with Fast Five :
Alright I'm changing my password
RT : Prepping for tomorrow's brown bag at So You Think You Want to Write a Book?
Tough truth, optimism 4 writers.
Horny Tacos.
What you doctorss up
Chris Paul is always ready to fight.
rep your old one in destin for the triathlon
This just n Fantasia is not pregnant she read the results wrong
LOL!!!!
Terrible : People saying I look like B.o.B.
now?
If y'all don't get the fuck...
Immigration Issues, Voting Rights doctorw Thousands To Milwaukee May Day March  The UpTake
Whenever you're in trouble in science, go stephanie style.
BAHAHAA.
That's just not fair
thank you for always being a really great and amazing means alot
PCAA ED shares more accomplishments than space to twitter.
Friendly Reminder kubball fans: set your DVR.
I forgot to in '08
Zoe blames herself when one of her friends faces a health crisis  she didnt notice the symptoms  HartofDixie is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 9/8c
So much shit to get done online and my computer keeps freezing up..NO.ME.GUSTA.
Listening to some classic George Strait
We broke our goal!
Thanks for helping us raise over 10,000 in just 5 days.
The progressive movement is strong thanks to people like you.
Gonzo's path would be cleared to Mex Nats, World Cup.
Step up.
RT : Is that lateral move?
Not much of step up as in years past.
is goin to hate me for this tweet but I will forever annoy him wit music cuz I love his songs
morning beautiful
that's scary kayla
Smells like jail...
LOL.
I remember the days of trying to avoid the rain ruining my hair.
These days I welcome the rain!
Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint Cumberland  Akers Mill Team Trivia tonight at Uncle Maddio's.
Hot Pies, 2 doctorft Beers, and lots of LOVE....
beans and rice with an occasional grilled rodent when I can find one.
Maya Rudolph is stunning in johannajohnson, just beautiful!!
Second superbowl features industrial designer.
Felling the LOVE
ok, QA over.
thanks to and for joining the conversation!
really fascinated by this stuff.

we're moving to west hollywood in 3 weeks, dude...come check us out!
On our blog you will learn more about us and what we have to offer when our website is done with construction.
Game of Thrones is on.
Counting My Blessings.
Alive And Able.
It's on like...
a box of Ding Dongs!
bad link for nelson blog post today
What's good tonight...
How about Stuck
Did you see the ricochet?
Yikes.
congrats on the Traditional Home award!
she is a sinner
Thank you for giving us some sweet tunes!
Great event!
6 Christian Sister's dancing around the kitchen table to sexy and I know it it was a sight to behold!
man hit meh up
Just so ya know, today is paperback pub day for THE HIDDEN GALLERY.
It's so cute!
And it has the beginning of THE UNSEEN GUEST in back.
feels unloved by :'
we're focused on the US right now, although we've though about going international.
If we do, it won't be for a while...
Mowing?!
Um..
me mowing?
You're making me laugh.
since I follow tons of historians/the follow me, I just got a good historically specific answer to that question, so ha
Good morning everyone!
Did the Easter bunny make a stop at your home last night?
Thanks Maybe not chocolate, but cute gifts instead?
what your car wanz is Quanz!
call it a premonition...
First to tweet me their favorite product wins a dining kit!
Brain full.
Going home.
Food News RoundUp
So Miz couldn't beat Santino during the Preshow last night but he can beat Santino now?
yes, so good!
My dog just scratched me down my whole leg
Happy Mothers Day!
We had two great photography shoots at our studio this weekend.
One staring a member of a major Las Vegas Show.
That was fun!
Who else should be immortalized in the halls of the FlopOfFame?
AH!
I really want an electricity yellow jersey after I find one I'll be going on the hunt for a cheaper
Don't Bogart that bottle.
RT :  Table next thought PouillyFum was a smoked wine; I recommended Cigare.
RT thanks to for these great numbers!
Stick with it  put a sml jar with the vinegar concoction IN the worm factory.
Flies go in, worms don't.
Works eventually!
Lol you already have Tattoos!
:p ...I don't I'm slacking D;
Um glad u feel like dat u just let me know wats up..anywho not gone worry bout it..bumping this music get up wit me
im definently reeling a randomtweethour to go along with the
RT : It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterwards.
for some holiday fun
RT : Also always attribute it to Bucky Fuller.
RT I feel the word clusterfuck is unfairly ignored
just checking out some of the work people are doing summarizing research findings through video.
any recommendations of good ones?
26 Of Working Americans in 2011 did not have sufficient health coverage according to the Commonwealth Fund Health Insurance Tracking...
Baseball, baseball, baseball, when the season starts, fans are gonna be even more crazy than usual
Interesting quote from the new SI article on Kobe Bryant  his father Joe Bryant:
I hope so!
Otherwise all that paperwork to turn 14 on my 13th birthday was all for naught.
Thanks for helping us get to 300 followers.
Stay posted for more info regarding the free issues!
thingsiamgoodat eating sandwiches
she is going to be on the final episode ;D
When I was in 6th grade Kids were NOT bad like this.
Holy cow.
Bad ass kids
The O'Malleys...the only former Dodger owner that are beloved.
Wadt kind of sister im ii yes ndd deed
Congrats to Jon Papelbon of the Phillies  records his first save of the season!
I guess
How's the atmosphere with you're former Postal Employees?
This is very moving.
excellent time playing tons of new songs at Millersville Univ.
thnx for listening and taking me home
Thanks for the RT.
How was Austin?
Bout To Call My Sis Back
Thanks !
Great to see you too!
I find it easier to write if I'm not trying to preach or teach, ya know?
Pressure's off completely.
sure is talented but boy cut that hair!
Love 's yummy tiger chai tea!
oh no!
Do you feel naked w/out your phones?
Cool!
I shared this with the sci dept at our school.
Is there a video of the product in use?
doctorving from Albuquerque to Farmington NewMexico is so beautiful...
To date, I have not seen any proofs.
Perhaps we need to set a deadline for ?
The more presentations I listen to the more convinced I become that education is at the center of every piece of what we do.
Ok so where do you begin?
Start with the DECISION to change your health/fitness status.
Make up your mind.
The rest will fall into place.
Read the twitlonger and tumblr post!
x
Wear Liberty will be selling shirts at the Craft Bazaar on May 12th and 13th!
come out for my first ever event!
I can't resist the sexy slither of a snake Barry White in a episode of The Simpsons 
Try using a computer
thanks dolls!!xoxoxo
Nice shot.
Source?
Photographer?
happy mother's day...
waiting on the spawn of jaid 2 bring me a gift hint hint
Ha!
Do I really want to see it live, though?
Gym time aka staring at bitches in yoga pants from the treadmill
haha !
I don't think I ever will be able to
someone slams the fuckk out of our door everyday and he freaked the fuck out today
Im going to be 24 in a month.
It feels weird
The move to Baltimore is just T5 weeks away.
great article to wake up to on mother's day.
congrats on the exclusive!
I WUBBB YOU 3 M O R E!
idk anyone tht has it though...only one other person besides you:
Chloe Moretz is so pretty :
Has anyone ever heard of a gay racist?
Hm
EBUS118 Class will start in five minutes.
It will go for two hours.
There will be tasks to complete in Twitter about every 10 minutes.
I think suits not nerds is why there were so many standbys allowed on my escape from Chicago flight yesterday.
Hundoctords of Victorian era photos of homes, mansions, rail stations in Yonkers, NY.
No ads, No politics, Just photos.
www.VictorianSource.com
Any questions or feedback?
Email us at:
he's been in locker room with Kansas team throughout tourney.
Hard to turn backs on them now, due to UNC matchup
THAT WOULD BE SO TIGHT!
XD
: RT : Avengers IN F'N Credible!!!!!
teamHULK/// Will see it on Saturday for sure!
Cotto fought the best fight he could  Mayweather knew what he was doing by not knocking him out early  HE WANT ANY AND ALL PPV MONEY
Marquez hoping to win over Pacquiao by knockout  The Chinese ...
So excited to head to seattle for almost 2 weeks on wednesday!
Looking forward to spending time with my soon to be in laws:
Test post from FB to Twitter
Hey help spread the word!
Today is nationalblackAIDSday.
Tell everyone in Nola to get tested
FridayFightAgainst smoking.
My grandfather died that way :
To the gym I go.
that's hilarious!
my rep is 'traveling'  not my problem!
Only at the super bowl can you see Michael douglas, pat Riley and cal Ripken waiting at your hotel elevator bank at same time.
Interesting innovations from journalism symposium: demographics doctorving broadcast news content and lots of reliance on G
SHOULD FOLLOW ME IM TAKING A TEST AND IF YOU DO I WILL JUST SCREAM I DONT CARE IF A GET A 0
can or cant?
Happy birthday !!
Because we let them.
:
thanks to you there were no poptarts left.
TAKE CONTROL NOWbefore wondering why your jeans dont fit anymore!
Join us TONIGHT  wkshp How to Eat, doctornk  Still Shrink Over the Hol
Should I be afraid that a standup comedian is now following me?
Hardest part of dyeing stuff with acid dyes: waiting for the water to boil.
Everyone in Denver has changed the channel TeamLakers PurpsNGold All Day
: Do not put in the new meters in L.A.
people across the country who have these meters are having heart problems.
Carrot Top so I could see what he look like with out make up.
Kim Minseok is so cute, I cannot even.
Don't.
No.
You're not 22.
Shut up.
We're at King Street Blues in Crystal City!
Sitting in the back off to the right of the entrance.
Soccer time!
dbacks injury news grim: C Young out for more than 15 days; D Hudson shoulder impingement  never a good thing.
Super Grande?
Red Head Spider Girl?
What
Can we disagree to disagree?
And then go get a daiquiri?
RT : I love the sunbeam when it is baking.
Corner of Washington Ave.
and Studemont.
Books are like a mirror.
If an ass looks in, you can't expect an angel to look out.
Arthur Schopenhauer
boo I'm there weekend 2!
ah well  lemme know if your hot shot journo skills get you to nyc soon :
love it when do we sign up?
: Hey check out !
Just what we've been looking for!
Follow them and ...
RT : I think it's time for the armytenmiler!
I need a new goal.
cc // registering tonight!
Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps.
The sleeper must awaken.
Frank Herbert
having another concert in the city !!
bestnight needtickets !
The only downside to watching inkmaster is knowing you don't have the cash for a tattoo right now.
Loyalty does not come through hazing.
Went to see TURF turfindy today.
Can't get it out of my mind.
Kudos to IDADA for a brilliant exhibit.
Indy artists rule!
Neither toxic fumes, fires, nor closed streets can stop the powers of HR and Talent from convening in Boston  HCM2012.
Day II starts now!
Thanks for the TweetOut, John  what are YOU doing up so late???
BURGER NIGHT
Happy Birthday, Ian MacKaye.
TL Question: Rebecca from our team needs a colorful fiesta doctorss for Cinco de Mayo!
Do you have any suggestions?
thx.
it's my first ITC12 ...
a bit disappointed in twitter participation here so especially grateful for tweeps like you :

My pleasure, John.
U R prolific!
Many great blogs
I am who I am....created from the steps I have taken...walking towards a destiny shared by us all
got a cushioned chair.
Suck on that
Only two shows left?
NO WAY.
firstprize www.kefproductions.com
Being President is NOT A TEAM SPORT.
Santorum is an empty suit.
Romney is a liberal suit.
I would love a Torch.
Is it really worth the headache of using ATT?
How's the coverage?
Any hidden fees?
I use to use ATT.
mister.
Ciaccia is a fucking bitch and I hope she dies during child birth.
ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Say U'll be my Deruler
The Jesus I know is the most liberal person in the New Testament.
Well, duh!
Tweet me before your next visit!
Just started it last night, definitely digging it so far...
A good government remains the greatest of human blessings, and no nation has ever enjoyed it.
relax...
Not u
Blah..
I'm sleepy.
Going to bed soon; School tmister; Then hanging out with my baby :
Your Annoying Me Go Play In The Free Way
I absolutely love Powerade!
: so refreshing!
Can't help but think a new British government would have been formed by now if Dumbledore was still alive.
If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.
WILL YOU WISH ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!:
By all means, move at a glacial pace.
You know how that thrills me.
So because someone is keeping score, this fundamentally alters the equation...
how?
that was obviously my house, because I have a picture of Louis and Angelica in my home.
I was thinking May, but I might be leaning towards Cotto.
hello!
what's up?!
Social media is about dialogie, not monologue
thats great now u hav to get it off ur mind ill tell u more in a hour kk i gota get sleep
when youre broken, and youre shattered, love will save you from disaster.
looking forward to seeing you too!
will u follow me plz and HAPPY HALLOWEEN
he said he wasn't gonna make another on because this is the second time he got hacked
you on facebook?x
Thanks for the FF!
You two kids don't actually believe in Sasquatch, do you?
Thanks for the inspirational blog on NPR
not really sure how the two go together.
Got a ShopVac?
Put some paper towel in the bottom if the canister and hope for the best?!
Need a question answered quickly?
Post it to
sorry I spelt your name wrong in my last tweet!
I hope you saw it though!
The movie is so good and it won't get old until..never!
Am I the only one who sees a resemblence between John Tortorella and Dennis Miller?
Sad news; me too.
RT : Just heard that the Cumberland Cinema is closing.
Very sad  saw so many good movies there over the years.
agreed!
: Love it!
RT : How do you know when an idea is innovative?
When it scares the hell out of everybody.
Glad to be off work heading home
did he?
So excited for the MSU/Mich.
game.
Get ready East Lansing...here I come!
Huh I hate being lied on!
One swallow does not make a summer.
Lol ikr same here sis.........he is still adorable love ya greyson
TEAMYCB IS BUSY AT THE MOMENT CREATING AMAZINGNESS ...
WILL BE BACK SOON
follow me!?!
It's picture week  my daughter's dance studio.
I am tweeting from my car in the parking lot.
It's utter chaos in there
We once reviewed the code to discover when a particular design started but the audit information was not particularly helpfulmore curiosity
I Never Missed Houston More Than I Do Now...
US urged to complete probe of 2010 border death in San Diego after video surfaces via
haha i say that on the daily.
I always forget I can' answer my own questions with Google :
Got some great ideas about collaboration from Lamonia Brown at It pays to open your mouth and say what you're up to in life.
tell your mom I said hi beautiful
Ready, get set, go...directly to BullFish on Friday, May 21st for the 24hour wine sale.
Had a great time at the USD vs SDSU game.
I can't wait until it gets hot again!
Thank god for yo gabba gabba!
I'm a good friend, I can say that with confidence!
:
My iPod is letting me do everything but crop a picture.
Every time I try it turns off.
The picture is of myself.
i like austin mahone
People Hit You Up Like Follow Me and Follow My YO'S but none of them are Following You?
WTF is That?
are you that uneducated and trashy that you can't express your thoughts in a respectful way?
How awesome is that?
Very cool.
On my way to Boston for the weekend with my baby : 
followed you back !!
:
Tex mex breakfast is always an option!
what say ye?
You did an outstanding job !
Loving the official app!
It rocks.
Saturday, March 31: Man City v Sunderland, 9am, ESPN2/ESPN3.com Aston Villa v Chelsea, 9am, FOX Soccer QPR v Arsenal, 9am, FOX Soccer Plus
the monotone voice of disapproval 2 women  the high pitched im excited to meet you voice for guys?
could've gave me a quick hug .
or hi!
There is next season and TIMMY will be better!!!
er...normal sized?
I have no idea how to measure a bike.
I can't wait to see the Hunger Games.
Omgomgomg.
My mom is so fucking annoying.
Can't pump your own gas in Oregon.
Didn't know that until this morning.
Finished watching through Six Feet Under.
Now starting The Walking Dead.
HAY TWEET MY NUMBER 1234567890.
LOLOL COOL.
This is gonna damage my angry rock chick cred, but kinda loving Girls.
, awesome as always.
To anyone who has prom...
Um, it's gonna rain, bring an umbrella.
Oh, and have a good time.
xx
LOVING your pink blouse!
xx
It's just not my week..
Check your DMs.
This isn't about you.
I got a hangover to cure, point me in the direction of the nearest bloody Mary.
going to HEB to procure beer, milk and beer.
ha I'm trying but yay we needa talk I feel like we haven't been sistery like in a while
One reason a dog can be such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try to find out why.
Author Unknown
ooh love the box idea!
Boone's Lick
Cody Simpson, you are beautiful.
I freaking love you.
:
EVERY American should pay MORE in taxes.
That's why you need to vote for us in November!!!
This is annoying my iHeart radio isn't working.
Dont feel like going to work :/
Going to St.louis today for a band competition!
Fell asleep at 1 in the morning and I'm already up and ready to go!
thanks for the tip.
Turns out the allonapage layout of whenisgood is what I needed this time.
Test, learn, adapt!
Prove the ROI in two cycles.
More companies need test budgets AND marketers who can measure!!!
Hashtag use appears to be a common problem at museum events.
Lessons: 1.
No hyphens 2.
Put lots of signage up and make announcements.
Is there a place with more info?
When and where?
We'll let people know!
Nothing gets more archivists in a room like the words Digital Dilemma
so what r u gonna do on cincodemayo?
So funny you should say that.
I have a Ford truck parked at home that I don't use.
Lol I rode a bunch of hills to get to that..
lets go to the northwoods one!!
Isn't it great to find you're really worth nothing?
Now that Mike Vick is released from Federal custody, and served time in full,  lost sponsors and NFL pay for 2yrs  is a new start fair?
I like your pics on your twitter home page
Bubba, you want a shirley temple on the rocks?
No!
I'll get fat!
Lmao
I've always assumed it was OS cruft, greater memory use, etc.
But clean OS install can still be slow.
: I dunno.
There's always a line.
Sometimes people toe it, sometimes they cross it.
has to be the most entertaining tweeter.
He is the man!
Haven't had a chance to test out any of your tricks yet but I hope to soon!
it is me and my sons bdays this weekend.
Hope u have tons of fun.
Lots of love to u.
Have a safe holiday!
Twugs!
joking of course
excellent software : Putting together a nextgen radio show prototype and this is ridiculous.
Holy fucking shit, kids.
WhoOah.
I was born ready for this talent show!!
She wanted everybody to notice her, now she got every disease out there
taking care of my little nephew!
3 :D
Loiter Squad in 20
Purdue  Mich are out.
But BigTen still has Ohio St, Indiana, Mich St  Wisconsin in the Sweet 16.
Not bad.
Will try to follow chartership convo but tricky at work.
Good news...
I registered  contacted mentor last week :
Everyone has a plan...
until they get hit...
George Foreman Heavy Weight Champion
I love it babe
Lunch with my nieces
lmaoooo YAY you guys found me...and why did my followers go up hnahahahahah
tonight.
the sweet sounds of will penetrate your ear holes ever so gently on kiss fm.
its not his first time
Space  the final frontier!
Can't wait to play!
Next up: under the sea?
congrats!
sounds like a fun new job with a great group
I'll like to see it :
My mom was the master of that!
where in Cleveland are you gonna be?
Been happening for about 45 min.
It has everyone all jacked up who uses GoDaddy 
Gosh, it would be great if people stopped breaking our windows!!
A cookie is just a cookie, but a Newton is fruit and cake.
Looking For A New Team  
My allergies are crazy right now.
Sniffle..
aw feel better!
Seiries is now 3 Dallas Mavericks Miami Heat 2!
Nothing funnier than getting called ugly
Thanks for the follows
does hunting season open today!?
You're probably right.
Why didn't I guess that!
You are the best, don't forget.
Knicks won 7 in a row without Melo and now they have lost 6 in a row with him.
Appreciate you homie!
Just a rumor
EndNote should consider a workaround other than the use of groups for the systematic review exclusion process
hey chris where can i see your portfolio?
It's only ironic that my should'vebeen anniversary today fell on Friday the 13th.
Any guess on who the Packers take with their next pick?
Yes the NBA has fewer markets that have the ability.
Some cities have no business having a team.
N.O.
CHAR off top of my head
I wanna party tonight I'm in that mod
You're FRANKtastic!
Time for a resurrection.
you're in...good luck!
JLB tomorrow night at the Bayou in Mt Vernon NY if ur around :
just call me doctor Joe....
SpiritSky11040 I have friends from all over the world.
I have 2 from Croatia!
Atlantic City, here we come!
thanks for tweet!
the link just takes you to some girl's twitter?
watching doctor oz show!!!
just watched Becoming Jane preceded by Jane Austen Book Club...
either have 2 reread all 6 books or go 2 sleep in state of melancholy
It requires students to be responsible for their digital network.
Fights at recess could be on a global scale!
Then on Tuesdays I would go to BestBuy and buy the hot new cd and dvd Now I strictly download music and Netflix or Redbox my movies
If you call errbody yo friend you can't hang with me
Happy New Year everyone!
My Resolution is to lessen the number of syllables I speak, so 2012 will be hereby pronounced
sounds expensive
caedu 70 of CA residents don't have childoctorn in our schools.
They vote too.
Get the word out!
defeated by a 3/4 done memo.
perhaps I will be more brilliant on Monday morning.
Did just fucking everyone forget their manners today?
Everyone who is following me please send out 5 tweets to your followers to follow me...Thanks in advance :
LOSING WEIGHT:
I know people who make good money and still have no home internet.
They only use smartphones  the ones with wifi hotspots.
Hey global warming  tornado watch in Ohio in November  wth?
Again, some people never learn!
ha!
Oh whatever.
AFS11 but.
.
If we call folklore something else, we lose its focus
I still i dnt kill
...
oh  the only girl actually WATCHING the game
I wrote it down, but idk I sorta didn't get it, but now I do.
Thank you :
Great Time !!
Loved the impromptu get together!
Stay warm and have fun!!
A school tour is going through the studio, doing my best to look miserable.
as for me gonna finish ASU next semester unfer a communications degree.
Then on to the entertainment biz hopefully.
:
Part one of Bucky's Very Bad Day a success.
mubb Go Sparty!
Good Morning
loves this!
36 Vegetarian Recipes for Dinner.
Roasted Garlic and Smoky Greens Soup  CHOW Love the 36 vegetarian recipes for dinner on CHOW today
MLM News!
Invado International
Exercise is associated with reduced incidences of heart attacks  other cardiovascular events in postmenopausal women.
Time to review: Did you do your absolute best today?
What could you have done differently?
What will you do tomorrow?
On my way to see Leanne.
:
New BG thanks to 
No roommate  sleeping in my underwear tonight.
It's not a doctorss, it's a kilt, sicko!
;
Thanks to whoever called my 91 year old grandmother this morning pretending to be me saying I'm in trouble in Mexico, please send me 3000.
omg.
Why?
Wish I could join you guys but can't escape work.
Ah!
Stand strong, brothers and sisters!
he just postponed his decision ..
Thx for the follow Follow my friend  they
nice videos!
hi: Can't wait to see you at eyecon!!
Yellow Cab Magazine voted us: Best Place for late night snack.
Seemingly healthy menu items are oftentimes not.
1 Applebee's Oriental Grilled Chicken Salad at 1,250 calories  3 and 2/3 Applebee's...
BO aztecs...
replay doesnt show the T.
me ether but i have to go nd if i go u gotta go
About time girl!!!
Welcome back!!!
What's goin on tonight?
Not bad, you?
Why don't you put your pants back on,......is your screen name BirdManXoXo Chris Hansen probably
I'm chillin'.
Duck dynasty is funny aF
this makes me wanna cry!
Happy Birthday to my Grandma Baker.
Today's her 21st birthday.
She's finally of age.
haha, good trip, time to catch up on sleep, how are you doing?
thatawkwardmoment when someone gets a solo at church and you think to yourself, THAT'S WHAT YOUR VOICE SOUNDS LIKE!?!
ew.
What your mom said: Get a job.
Make some friends.
What you heard: Get money, fck btches.
thats the way its always been :
Accent Question 2: What is the bug that when you touch it, it curls into a ball?
Me: I have no idea!
What do u guys think?
I Will.
: Just one month away and Wavefront begins!
what u doing up so early lol
that's for following and being a fan.
how CJ doing?
3 days, 13 hours, 42 minutes  20 seconds until Christmas.
Are you ready?
glad you thought it was wack too Kat.
This ish has to stop!
I believe that you're referring to gamsification.
;
SA is lovely!
RT : Pettitte used to always say Berkman was right after Jeter in most clutch hitters he's ever played with
Was thinkin up business ideas in my sleep.
No lets put em to practice
Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
By, I need to pake another tiss I mean im good on doctornks for now.
Still laying in my bed in the dark.
My dog is snuggled up with me.
My phone hasn't gone off all day.
Single girl problems
Shut yo mouth!
Eva Mendes will you marry me?
it's sunny over in seattle  how's your day going ?
:
please wish my amazing best friend a happy birthday
Ohio Bobcats: valiant effort vs 1 seed N.
Carolina.
Bobcat Nation is standing proud.
Isn't it the oil with which Mary Magdelene anointed the head and feet of Jesus?
I may have some details wrong!
Summerfest date announcement soon !!
Be patient.
How bout B Jennings?
You can mix it with a tiny bit of water and it makes PB for break, or use the powder in a shake!
Awesome w/ Chocolate Shakeology?
Blaise luvs lounging on her sofa with her growling monster

go follow them they follow back who ever mention them  promo will get for more followers
Get ready for game time!
Where will you be watching the game?
I believe in you.
Being pregnant and working in a theme park is tough...I want a hot dog, nachos and a funnel cake so bad right now.
Nobody likes a bitch.
Q: who doesn't have a google account?
No one raises hand.
Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first.
ASK questions, then FEEL the answer.
LEARN to TRUST your heart.
Happy Easter!
Happy Valentines Day :
Microsoft is bringing it.
Not sure how to monetize photosynth but It's pretty darned cool.
Guess I'll be binging it later
Guiliana Rancic on Nicki Minaj's Versace Grammy Outfit: It's too much fabric for me, I could wear it, my whole family could wear it.
Find what makes your heart sing and create your own music
I still have hope for something I ended.
Department of Redundancy Department
Must have the ability to work effectively as part of a team.
I can't tell One Direction how much I love them with only 140 characters.!
xx
Thanks, Ericka for my word of the day:
hell yes!
:D
Meet Paul Teller of the U.S.
House of Representatives Republican Study Committee today at SPA doctorpin advising, 3:305pm, Ward Lobby
IDontPartyBecause my names Luke
Me and Ryan Gosling at FunFunFunFest!
in case you missed it.
Azz Everywhere!
this classroom is so quiet  the rain is so soothing : whaddup naptime!
Getting ready for Wizards at DualDuel with Zip, Zap, Zoltar.
Stress level is extremely high right now :/
Do I hate the heat yea.
Do I hate waking up this early yea.
Do hate Fridays hell naw its juicy time tonight !!
Flashback tonight
Loyalty  Being Real is hard for some people.
ronpaul on the deficitI would cutting a trillion dollars in the first year.
applause What happens when he cuts programs u support?

This should not be gender specific.
I don't want to see nasty man toenails either.
sushi in the shape of a birthday cake
Ignore people and multitask!
; Jokes.
Broccoli Samurai live at the Grog Shop this Friday with Don't miss out on the party!!!!
Tix 5 in advance, 8 at the door.
Hello great site
Hit my doctorver's side window on the garage door...
Oops.
I agree, you still disagree with me on Amare?
Meaning knicks better all around without him?
Should I write to you here for the Free Reading?
Nancy
so can I get your digits
love it!
About to have a chilli dog.
My mind is so heavy right now.
So what we get doctornk.
So what if we don't sleep.
We just havin fun.
That's how it's supposed to be
Why are we still on this?
If people so upset w/Obama, why not find smthg else?
Maybe b/cause there is nothing else?!
Really??
Ow!
Still going to TFW like that?
lol I've not been to Happy w/ them but I'm not failing either.
Ugh, I want this to end.
.
Hey, come on now, at least get it right.
Bobcats!
;
i like the brown better!:
Terrible officiating!
: yep RT : refs are not calling the game fairly.
Same to you guys, let's get together soon!
: Congrats to you on a great issue!
Happy Spring!
All I've eaten today is Pasta and Bread for all 3 meals.
I'm not complaining...
It just feels like there's a brickowheat in my stomach.
Leverage other technologies into email, i.e.
reviews, recommendations, social comments, etc.
Awesome, congrats to your brother JazzDay Represent!
:
you know exactly what I mean lol.
You made the face
Injuries are the worst part of loving sports.
We should all be able to enjoy our favorite players without them missing games.
Scared  sacred are spelled w/the same letters.
Terrify  terrific.
Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation.
Alan Cohen
please DM your contact info.
Thanks!
left sidenose.
3 holes on left ear.2 holes  cartilage on right.
I did have industrial but it got infected, i had surgery
Lmao damn bro bout to get it started lol!!!!!

when i know an answer in class.
u know ur nephew jaison bday is saturday...so what u gettin him????
im sure itll be nthn at all
Bruce Chen has to be chewing on a Everlasting Gobstopper doesn't he?

military family resources helped my kids  allowed me to relate to my family says Major Nico Marcolongo, served in Iraq War
Home.
sick :
Colts reunite Andoctorw Luck with his TE Coby Fleener.
10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to be happy.
Pregaming a wedding reception.
I don't know if this classy outfit is going to fool anyone.
I'll be the one at the bar and/or on a groomsman.
can yhu send me all the parts
I thought so too!!
watching animal planet and having coffee in the morning is the shit!!!
guess which one supports the POV to support Zimmerman
the things whispered here seems to be the things best heard.
i miss you already :/
So strange...Soldiers in da bus?Wtf?!
of what a guy who just wants in their pants looks like  and avoid him.
Many women have
just auditioned for Cedar Point Mountain Man
how much of my holiday weekend will the post ALA stuff I couldn't get to because of work catchup take?
Congratulations you go girl!!!
You should not have problems now.
We are humming now...RT : Why can't I sign up to Blastoff?
BuddyMediaTL Padvertisement is the next big DOOH business breaking out in 2012.
Our product will bedazzle the tablet advertising world.
...
lmao yea, :
R.I.P.
Dick Clark
I'm so bored that I'd be entertained even by a stupid fuckin linoleum floor,linoleum floor.Yr lyrics are dumb like a linoleum floor
Hells ya we are!
and so the doodle jump battle is on tonight
Damn BrunoMars knockin this one out the park!!
Um..
I accept.; Hahaha see the thing is, these guys who always ask me are never attractive, personality wise or physically.
Its too cold in this classroom .
Voice dictation, a touch of Siri apparently.
RT : Apple welcomes Siri to new iPad
Oh, I suppose, but I have always had a perverse soft spot for Pete Campbell, incidents w/ Peggy and Swedish nanny notwithstanding.
Great quote!
Patience, persistence  perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Napoleon Hill Translation  HUSTLE HARD!
Does every good date start with a nap?
If so than so far I'm doing great.
where can our crew out in Indiana cop that Kid Cloud Design?
Plndoctor.kloop?
So envious!
Wish I was going!
RT : sending out ARCs in advance of BEA!
cc
Just seeing umbrella now?
Love it!
RT: Touring Ohio explorers the vibrant community of Northside with !
Only On Demand Channel 411.
Preach it!
RT : T1 HONESTLY....ITS THE PATIENT WHO IS MOST IMPORTANT!
Not the nurse, not the doctor, not the hospital
uh my crazy ass if I was there!!
So not fair and so jealous
oh...o.o well im glad you didnt xD
I .
Need.
Dirty Work !
peanut mm's are in my future..too bad I don't have any.
:
Spending all your time responding to others?
Turn off new message alerts and you might just find you have time for a workout.
I know.
I think you would choose the More than I can count option which is how I answered.
I was thinking the same thing.
did you ?
Steve Blake I'll be seeing you
i know haha.
Saying he needs to.
They need to get someone better than that chump
Gave project url to 1st researcher yesterday: hope for positive feedback during the user process...
Chimpanzee trailer.
Lets help Alex reach that goal !!!!!!!!!
Come on Acons
went from rails 3.0 to 3.1.
test suite became 2x slower.
changing gem 'mysql' to gem 'mysql2' fixed it!
I don't know why you follow me.
I just don't know!!!!
It's actually eleventy billion thousand times better.
RT : Hyperbole is a thousand times better than exaggeration.
yea my sister doctorgged me to the Bright Eyes show Z it was free I couldn't complain!
March is Natl Athletic Trainer Month.
has 62 LATs and the ONLY P200 in Indiana.
has one more pair of tickets to see win them around 5:30!
messing around with Sitegrinder 3 demo.
seeing how clean this code is..
can kill 150 people
Chris, I'm praying that God will work a miracle and heal you.
We know He is the great physician and can do it.
life sucks so i roundhouse kicked a random dude into next week youll see him next friday
great joke!
Its picture day, we might have to use that to get students smiles!
Please RT our previous tweet to all of your followers ...
thanks in advance!
I'm on hour 2 of a Hoarder marathon on AE and I've been doctornk 3 times and have tried committing suicide twice and I have 22 hours to go!
what the hell!
Love this!
Merci beaucoup!
RT Get on the river!
Check out Above the Falls Sports: kayak tours on the Mississippi near DT
just made this twiter cuz i love doctorKE!3
RT : RT : It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.
Voltaire
Tomorrow Whole Foods Market will be donating 5 of the days professorts to Briarpatch Runaway and Homeless Youth Program.

evening temple bells / stopped in the sky / by cherry blossoms haiku Chiyoni
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving to all!
Off to celebrate with and other cool cats
what kind?
pomagrante or the mango one?
until  is out of politics and our version of capitalism better represents externalities we will be functionally voiceless
please please go follow it would mean so much to her!
Time fucking flies
Happy Bobby Valentine's Day!
Pray without ceasing.
Just make sure your prayers are about preying on others.
im tellin ya
is my hero
follow me!
Im a new street team member, Tasia kester told me about it.
:
Wondering if 11 could add express buses, like I've seen w/other routes.
Ok so...last night was killer!
My band The MapLegends ripped it!
The crowd was so amazing!
I had the time of my life at CBGB!
Congrats to Tami on winning the Vegas Sweepstakes!
Thanks to all who entered!
:
much appreciated, my friend
Wow!!!!!!!!
I'm speechless just thinking about it!
ok see, see, now you found yaself a nigga..you was lookin for a nigga?
nigga here now!!
you know it, how's it going dude?
let's play!
Waiting at Starbucks while Su and Jennifer renew their PRC passports here in Houston.
Come to HU Tonight for the NUL's State of Black America 2012 town hall event!
RT RT if you miss someone.
we will see you tomorrow.
will be celebrating a clients birthday!
Can't wait!
Don't miss Scouting for Girls perform in Lincoln on 3 Sept with Glee inspired GMania and Lulu!
Agreed.
Dancing dude  egg guy  Doug from Seattle  heckuva premiere!
liveonkomo cc
A.B.N.
reunited I know my nigga Clip smiling down on tha fam
Groupon acquires online retailer Mertado
what's up with that!
You have to see it to be it.
Picture your objective and achieve it.
No, No symbols have been loaded for this document for YOU
Thanks for the RT!
Please, let us know if we can do anything for you.
Im lost can u show me something
They all became democrats???
YOU GUYS ARE TAKIN' UP MY HOME PAGE D:
dead RT : : Just inhaled my first cig YOLO you now have lung cancer congrats
YEAH AUGUST.
I WENT THERE!
When my love ...goes bang bang bang ..u better run for coverr u sweet little thang lol
i don't have many problems in my life, i just come to twitter for them.
:
starving...
I desperately need some nosh..
I'm still trying to get images to load...it's been a long day so far.
Thank you!!
thanks for the FF!
Just remember that I'm through all your shit I'm the only one that's still by your side ....
I'm a cowboy fan, however, watching the skins game...
Are you not allowed to hit a quarterback anymore???
: Was this at Courthouse?
The haze yesterday morning   Courthouse  then in pm haze/mask  Farragut West.
I appreciate the Follow Back.
You're correct!
Thanks!
Hope you have a
Xavier's dance concert is June 23  6pm.
Grp rate tix are 20 each.
Wanna go?
If so, how many tix?
RT : I support  so much that I'm going to donate 1 for each RT of this post.
Obama2012
Good for you brother!
Did My Make Up In The Car.
Ehh/
: Do it RT : people who say it cannot be done, should not interrupt those who are doing it.
are you thinking earthquake?
At long last, you'd get to see TF Masterfoce the way you've always wanted to: with crisp sound and clear video.
yea I will be there Saturday.
Can't go Friday cause of this school thing
Today is the perfect day for our most popular item Strawberry Chicken Salad w/ mandarin oranges, pecans, feta,  strawberry vinaigrette!
If my writing is badblame twitter.
Between abbreviations, a few words i say wth instead of i am very displeased with what has happened
Cancel one.
And do the rest.
Happy Mom's Day M!
Lakers show the Clippers who owns Los Angeles!!!
And of course Kobe was clutch at the end!
Lakers 1 KB 24 MVP!
My abstract got accepted for publication in A 's Anthropology News !!!
these niggas playing football on the court
Hey why don't you go look yourself up on wikipedia
Will be sporting a jersey for Super Bowl  like you brought out your hats for the royal wedding?
Get Rozzell back involved!
Don't start anything you can't finish
Burning Man at the Conference on World Affairs Fresh off her wellreceived talk about Burning Man at The Economist
We may run, walk, stumble, doctorve or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey.
Charles Barkley always doctorppin names, aye baby shoutout to you baby aye...
lol at Inside The NBA
she thinks that happiness is a mat that sits on her doorway.
Say it ain't so????
What ever is this world coming to?
No mobile food picnic spot with trees, tables, umbrellas and chair's
Ferrari is sitting in 4th place in F1 standings going into the Spanish GP.
Do you think Fernando Alonso will have a successful homecoming?
I know a great band!
DM your email and I can send info!
Today is pi day!!
What is your favorite pie??
Mine is Apple!!
Yoga is the most natural and free way you can enjoy and live life, try it ;
There is nothing to eat in my Fridge :
Reconciliation through repentance over justice and purity does not sound like Menno status quo.
Visitors can expect to see Chowder and Clementine teach their offspring to swim, play, forage for food, and catch fish.
I forgot Ofest the following weekend.
fucc pretty riccy stop sending us stuff about them niggas
Me too, too!
Doing taxes today...
Steal their Starbucks and lunches...
cc:
Pinterest has consumed my life
what is this referring to?
stay out of my account your not funny or I'm just gonna delete my account
its not quieter, just angrier lol
RT : have thrown my hat in for
Its so hot!/:
Hey there !
You're rightabout those crazyeyes.
It's a scary cover indeed.
Today we fish where the fish are
Watching the original Batman with my daughter and she just keeps asking when he's going to get his suit on.
I love being stranded at the mall
I think I'll go to bed for a while, after all its Sunday!
hahahahaa
RT Emery says McClellin is a defensive end in Bears defense
If you're not busy, listen to our song!
You can hear it on our facebook..
Like us!
facebook.com/stoneatlantic
ROB ZOMBIE ROB ZOMBIE ROB ZOMBIE!!!!!
I got my eye on YOU!!!!!!!
Siri is useless.
To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.
W.
Somerset Maugham
Flight for life en route to cycle crash in Brookfield at Moorland rd
re: sponsored by X though I know better, I'm still slightly wary.
Can't wait to hear what others say
Your killing me smalls.
If I was at home, today would be a holiday.
K his voice is amazin he da 1 who went off durn french

your team is off the hook, thanks for a stellar tasting!
it is, especially if you are connecting theories of race to imperialism.
Also covers human zoos...
Kids liked it.
Our cat hospital's network are all connected.
No net, several PCs go down
Notice me please, I love you

this is going in the library of congress
omg thts how it is :
Am I asking for too much?!?
It can't be this hard.
yoooooooo mad intense.
I can't imagine how Moza feels.
Haha
Fun time with Mickey Amelia  Spiegel this morning, plus some good wedding advice from The Queen!
Great way to start the day!
did you like the edukators?
Hey hey.
How are you doing this week?
On the road for work already?
In nycschools, attend doctorps in May and June: 5 in elementary, 7 in middle, 10 in high school.
Wait?
Kobe got in the game?
Metta murdered someone?
I should have skipped class today.
i did
A week from today I'll be on my way to sunny San Diego  sad to leave Milwaukee but excited for a new adventure :
ERRYBODY GO  FOLLOW  FOR THE LIVEST MOST MINDLESS TWEETS EVA!!!
Anyone using Final Cut X now after the crash and burn release it had?
Thinking about booting up my copy and finally learning it.
Dear Twitter, Why do I have to express my feelings in 140 letters or less?
love, the girl that always sends 3 pages for one txt
I met a boy named Chelsea today.
Ugh i hate walking without my ipod
Totally true.
Either did
If I ever leave Boston, I want to take the Riverwalk with me.
You Welcome!
Thanks Nanette I appreciate it.

www.greennote.com can also help students with college expenses.
Donor campaigns can help pay for books, lab fees or ??
Forecast for Rest Of Tonight: Cloudy.
Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms late this evening.
Lows in the...
i'm going to attempt to repierce my earrings by myself :D
Score!
Thanks B!
THE BASH IS COMING!
THE BASH 2012  DMSC'S NEW YEAR'S EVE
Thanks!
I think these will be fun this Summer :D
Congratulations President!
And then you will make a killing in syndication.
haha just try lol it's easy for a guy to do it then a girl
oh :p lol duncan loves his hamster!
First in line at the panel, natch.
Ugh I think I messed up my back like it seriously hurts in desperate need of a massage :
I've been listening to the same song all day.
Some doctorams stay doctorams, some doctorams come true!
I decided I wasn't going to come down.
I was going to fly.
I was going to stay up in the air forever.
Jesse Owens
1st census lists a widower  his 9yrold; kid's listed in an orphan asylum.
2nd, the widower is dead of consumption, no son

the best shows out there!
I'll be busy acquiring tomorrow...
I hate that guy haha
NIALL!!
PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!!
I was in the ER all night cause i broke my hand from punching.
Sucks
Half the lawn really needs a mowing and the other half is yellow from no rain.
What to do..?
I'm tired.
Learning all the things is hard.
seriouslythat's insanity.
But glad you are now on board with the awesomeness:
We are about to announce the giveaway for the Jason McCourty Autographed Photo.
Who's ready?
i saw most of mirror mirror today it was cute!
Lol bowling was mad fun !
What a throw by Manning!!
Boy, some of these MW schools will not be happy.
New Mexico 0 scheduled TV games.
Colorado State has 1.
Wyoming has 1.
Ouch.
Ugh I'm missing him like crazy, and he won't wake up lol
its my birthday today do you think I can get a shoutout?
Its my 16th :
Havent seen much return on it....doesnt keep my attention.
But I am a true Google user..latitude, gmail, voice etc.
These laces are untied, but my feet are still walking away.
u guys gave us in Milwaukee a hell of a fight.
The outlaw will rise again
Had so much fun last night!
Rachel is super sexy and sweet and the music dominates heavily!
Thanks again guys
Now you're just being mean
I'm so glad you tweeted this.
I love the New Species series!
he will ONLY come back if he considers her as his home
Hopefully gonna get some mixing done after work tomorrow for the new MSF record : you guys will love it!
Anyone know how to get rid of an annoying cold
Um, Carlota, the shoes are great but consider the fact that you have to negotiate NYC terrain.you'll be
NW national security :
Right now my dear friend visiting from out of town is playing out in the sun with my toddler.
And I....
Get to enjoy faculty senate.
This RT : AT gets on my last nerve!
Sorry to hear about your grandpa.
Big Blue fans in Dallas thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
When random people come into your house 
Son is playing games and I'm out front relaxing from yard work.
Busy place today!
I'm in a red space shuttle tshirt.
they all look horrible!!!!
Did Harrison just get fined again?
The problem really is the catalog.
It would be great to have parts of the website made mobile, but w/o the catalog, it's nada.
Thanks Amy!
RT :
I really really hate being bored...so im just gonna doctorw.:p
Smile...
It confuses people
We would love to hear the feedback and sorry about the registration yesterday.
We'll get that sorted for next year.
Heading out to the king for a dominican tasting
Let's end the season the way we started it with a win over Kansas!
Cause iam the bomb lol u was the queen of twittet..RT that's when I started February 2009 idk how I even found u.
I hate being an only child.
I'm always home alone.
Chillin on a dirt road..
cause the eggs you suck on are too rotten TWOgs
Are you playing safe?
We offer imprinted condoms.
www.BNoticed.com
Be interesting, be enthusiastic, and don't talk too much.
Norman Vincent Peale
Thank's!!
I hope who ever coined the term word play is run over by a skool bus
i thought they were angels.
They turned out to be ambulances.
What a fun day!
With thx to all who attended today's Creating Powerful Radio workshop here in Vancouver!
Glad to follow
There is a girl that looks just like caseyanthony in

glad you agree!
I was going to, but kept thinking it would be overkill.
I have a 5 month old so for piece of mind I will do it!
Three more class sessions done.
Much thanks to the instructors and students of comm509, comm704, and comm346.
You guys rocked!
What kind of people do you expect to attract with an ass for an Avi and a Username with wetlips in it?
incaseyoudidntknow, I don't know either
thanks for the follow!
Listening to vinyl tops our favorites list as well!
I would never have amounted to anything were it not for adversity.
I was forced to come up the hard way.
J.
C.
Penney
: Never stop Believing !!!!!
Yes indeed!
To be cut off after NINE YEARS because your people want to talk shit about me would make anybody bitter and miserable.
Lightroom 3 has been rendering 1:1 previews for over 24 hrs now.
Maybe time for an upgrade to the ol MacBook.
Aw!
It's just like I'm six.
:
you birthday coming up??
If you want to throw a party at any of these venues HIT ME ON THE DM!!
SocieteHaloAllurePrivilegeApostrophe
Thanks for the recommendations!!
I'm looking forward to trying them out this week!
I didnt see that to now!
I wish I were there
Intellect  Emotion
I don't hate you.
I'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.
Hey I just followed u i'm in the v 103 room
UK / Lville Baseball Game on Louisville TV?
fixed thanks
i really dont give a shit about the nfl.
played tennis golf soccer track bball darts baseball racquetball volleyball kickball flipcup on...

the quality of the restaurant is many times different, and almost always better than in the United States.
True.
and how you know im not a stalker and live in yo area...lol
Tues/Weds storm may bring a mix of sleet and freezing rain to Milwaukee and Chicago...stay tuned
Mom comes home soon.
yay NOT 
I think it's because you have a certain tv service that not everyone has, I have direct tv.
hope you're feeling good chris!!
Excited for the weekend.
I GET to write a paper  attend The Truth About Choice at Dominican University.
thank you!
i'd love to see those red dirt roads!
came up with a rockin' backdoctorp for this song.
can't wait to finish it!
I was in a punk band called Death!
I can see voters responding well to that.
Great day 1 in New Orleans!
Looking forward to our talk tomorrow from 11noon in room 252.
Stop by, you'll see Speech Buddies clinical data!
RT Prosecutor says yeardley survived for two hours alone on her bed badly injured by huguely before she died.
Strangled.
did you forget there is a penalty for being Matt Cooke?
He'll learn the difference between your and you're at Vanderbilt.
And he won't be at risk from pedophile coaches.
much love fam
shakes head, laughing under my breath if only all men could go through it.
keeps going
Excellent point.
Right on!
Take what you learn and give it a try.
Jim Rohn said do not let the record show that you did not
I got three for 100!
FourBarrell: Sea of hipsters worth the coffee and donuts.
ill b down the way next weekend...u in the city or carbondale
Kenya scared lmao
if we can't teach acceptance we need to teach tolerance.
I agree.
I will RT.
I don't think I've said it on this account yet..
So HAPPY EASTER
BieberTaughtMe how to sing like him and r kelly
in school?
follow me
Talking about how much you love her, hate her, and all that bullshit on twitter ain't going do you know good
yep feelyourpain I am teaching again...
Decided on projects...
Just wrapped up book fair got some freebies tho
Thought you diddent have any media shit?
And yes i listened to it.
It was gold!
I replied to ur comment on utube as well.
did i maybe leave my phone in your truck?
i've looked everywhere for it!
Austin's new icon is flirting with me
I'm proud of President
But I Imagine Everybody Goin' Out Tonight .
and ur band
A fan is a fan good and bad, idk where these bandwagoners came from
Heat has to play solid D for 24 seconds.
Indiana's balance scoring is hard to defend.
If you're a fan of Seinfeld, you wanna tune in to this morning.
We have a cast member in our studios!
Yo all my peeps
Never thought i could like you so much
My son dont feel good..i have to pick him up from school than go to work..jo jo is my baby boy he means the world to me..
not yet but I guess I better start before the movies come out :
Thanks, yall!
Can't wait for you to see it!
Every class I have canceled today.
What a great Monday!
Tonight at 7:00pm, poetry by Elizabeth Austen, Katrina Vandenberg, and Kristin Naca.
That's three poets for the price of one!
I guess I should attempt to go to sleep now.
3 min left and 4 goals 
:D hope you had an amazing day!!
I can't wait untill this weekend!!
I'm super excited
EVERYBODY COME VISIT OUR MOVIE WEBSITE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM this film is funny  going hard for 2011.
songs are just about selected !!!
This aint to regular season!
Were comin for it.
Once you fall alseep on the Blazers, we come back in the forth quarter!
Woah nelly, Amy.
That's quite the stack.
It would probably look thinner if they were digitalized.
Most people can look go back over the years and identify a time and place at which their lives evolved significantly.
RGIII is about to come out with some Redskins socks on or some shit
I wanna party and bullshit, and party and bullshit, and party and bullshit, and party, and party.
The man says that there are worse things in life than are going on right now .
When you're 90, how important do you think this will seem?ndw
Cont'd: US Air force officers working with air force personnel dealing with post traumatic stress and many other areas.
Incredible work.
Which do you like better?: A.
Swag B.
Swagge C.
Swaggie D.
Non of the above
This sun makes me want to be out on the water.
Anybody else?
how would you like it if your pension were the one getting raided.
people that cant doctorve because its wet
Which pizza did you enjoy today?
Hope it was delish...
Love SMASH!!!
I always get shaky when I do them
have you ever seen me around chilrdoctorn?
the answer is most likely no...because I'm not qualified.
Thank you for the FF!
TGIF!
Not feeling so great..
On book 1, Channie seems very nonchalant about cursing those she's angry at.
Juvenile?
Or just human?
hey!
U are who came up to me and asked was a Bre friend?
wish I could be there :' then if tickets aren't to much I'll be there!!!
:
My yellowlab is silly, he pretends that he is hungry to all of us hoping that he will get 2 helping of food
It's bcuz your soo beautiful:
Listening to WeWishYouAMerryChristmasBEAUTIFUL!
You are heroes to me.
Merry Christmas and bless you!
Jessica Sanchez.
You are amazing.
Be sure to stop by our Backyard BBQ from 124pm tomorrow!
is cooking up all you can eat burgers, pulled pork  more for 15!
I've had one of the best manhattans ever
I blame television and processed foods.
Don't be so focused on His will that you forget about HIM!
Note to self: stop wearing Chairman Meow tshirt to favorite Chinese restaurant.
They don't find it funny the first or second time.
right ?
Don't worry it goes tomorrow too it was pretty fun wanna go tomorrow
So tired
Really want to be sleeping
Goin to see my boys play baseball....
Thx 4 the idea What other ideas like this or parenttrigger give parents real voices in their kid's education?
Waiting on that richforever from
Black Ops 2 MW3 and the Kinect Sports  Adventures and idk what else I really only play MW3  Black Ops
Like Peter?
Seems RavenDB Studio doesn't allow me to create a database when I miskey my user name.
pickypicky Thanks for the tech support
no problem  if that was my bulldog i'd be a hysterical mess!
Creative methods of getting in the consumers mind to think of you first is your job as a marketer.
I found the conclusion of Bachelor Pad highly satisfying.
You?
writing out sketches for more studio baffles.
Trying to decide whether to use Owens Corning 703 or 705 in conjunction with MDF..suggestions?
JOSIE COTTON Convertable Music is super good and timeless
I don't get why nonprofessort marketing pros focus on what OTHER nonprofessorts are doing.
Who says it's right?
Let's focus on data re the market.
Yep RT : When I Roll Up  that girl be smiling and taking my pretzel MM's .
r u related or friends with Christian beadles
but whipped cream would make it even better
I'm all for this.
You're cute, and I mean both of you.
I'll treat you to a steak dinner and even call you the next day.
Just got a puppy for my fiance's bday, now trying to pick names...
any ideas?
its called Love This Life , good song.
You can add to your screenwriter database.
I love getting compliments from strangers after fashion shows :
Sheila Roher, Leonardo Blair and Jeanelle Roman will answer your questions on ageing in the next 60 minutes.
Use
That red would look perfect next to my double ghost.
Is it even possible to get one?
Also, that was a great article that led to Ovi's resurgence.
Definitely a difference in him recently
Apart from growth and change caterpillars don't become butterflies!
DM
Iono if I'm in twitter jail or what?
Can't follow any of my new followers?
For that I apologize, love yas all!
SMH no booty pics posted doe
I guess some people will never know..
Save the date: Our next DASER is on Thursday, May 24 at 6 p.m.
at the Keck Center, 500 Fifth St., N.W.
More info is coming soon!
Only 4th?
Would have thought closer to 1st.
Yeah Baby I'm almost sing My man on Death row
Happy Birthday to me!!!!!!!
If you are accepted, doctor Quinn Capers, IV, will begin making calls to all accepted applicants after 7:00 p.m.
EST on March 28, 2012.
Works for 'Comic Sans' too.
Cannot wait for the new Arthur movie to come out!!
I Adore the original, and Dudly Moore..
: .
I believe is still going to have a problem selling himself to American women.
on AC360 ya think?
Douche

Single  Taken  Mentally dating a celebrity.
Have you ever had the feelin that you was bein had?
Last chance to qualify for a Super Shopper loyalty gold card on July 31.
See for more info on how you can win.
I wanna change mine too.
I'll steal yours and become sir Beto lol
it's too relaxing.
Audition Saturday.
Time to hit the books.
Gotta a script to read.
Looking forward to this audition.
Happy Thursday!
lifes a bitch naw better yet a dumb broad classic weezy
Whatmakesfrenchbeautiful I immediately thought of 1D.
le shrug
Don't go by the number on the scale, measure by how your clothes are fitting.
Oh hell yeah its Jersey Shore time!
Jerzday itstshirttime!
When your email signature is more than, I dunno, 5 times the size of your actual email message, there might be a problem
Warm 98 doesn't carry dahlias show at night anymore.
Idc if it sounds girly but that was some relaxing music
So true conspicuous expression has replaced conspicuous consumption as the core doctorver of social identity.
Hi Jazz.
so I kinda wanna get really fucked up this weekend to the point where I don't remember shit lol
that's what they said DX
It'd be nice if the law of diminishing marginal returns didn't apply to coffee.
Can we get somebody on that, please?
Newt won't set foot in Iowa until those people stop thinking that steak is Italian food.
And sorry Des Moines, but Marriott isn't luxury.
Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men
goodnight love!
no, but I've said it to myself...
zoom with your feet.
I missed both games, I had coaching of my own to do lol, Cam is such a good player, very good passer and mobile QB
Where is Chicago?
OccupyWallStreet?
OccupyLaSalleStreet or OccupyDaleyPlaza ?
Tweet if your tired of govt theft  murder
LOL wow I can only imagine
um followin u follow back
oomf be subtweeting like a bitch!
Thanks for voting!
We really appreciate it!
old sKool tees will be your new favorite shirt because it will fit like it was made for YOU!
i didnt write that thing to u it waz my friend kayla were sleeping over shes a tomboy to plz forgive her
Gotcha Bro!!
IMma Check Him Out
Live on your andoctorid on Tune in radio app,,
Hahaha too late!
D'oh!
But I love Baltimore!!!
:
You look super insecure when accuse your bf of cheating or hiding something for you or think he's always lying like give him some space
u guys didnt go wit dem?
Nd umm no hes taken by u sweetie hahaa
No problem.
Site looks crisp and delicious.
Still can
I keep getting random Friend Requests on FB...
Like, wtf?
oo
what up yo?
welcome!
To those has tags on instagram really work.
I just put a hash tag of justinbieber and MADD ppl liking that shit!
Lmaoo
I just hope you picked in the Klout Matchup!
:
What a beautiful Sunday afternoon..
I first read your check in as I'm Alive and Well in NYC
You know it baby...RT: are awesome
Happy Holidays from Third Coast Publishers!
RT if your a proud
'Find something you are passionate about and keep tremendously interested in it.'  Julia Child
I miss you too 33
wow, good luck to her!
Is there a calendar for that?
;
Check out our new portable gadget!
The TwistAid!
www.twistaid.com
heck yeah!
What song are you looking forward to seeing us play?!
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
Kurt Cobain
thx...i added you on facebook
Tomorrow morning we will be inducting 10 central Indiana newborn baby girls into
FF Podcasts I've been cramming in my ears
lmao!
smh RT : Things not to do while doctorving: put in eye doctorps 
Sounds like fun, ladies!
Very nervous about this gm rt now
Got to see a screening of It definitely needs to see a major release because it is a terrific, original, hilarious movie.
Conf.
call with Knowledge Community Reps.
What an amazing group of professorssionals!
Everyone should join a NASPA KC!
thank you for the FF!
it takes about a week for them to look normal again...
oil helps though!
less than 2 weeks left til halloween!
what's everyone going as???
Taking the family to the Portland Boat Show today.
Looking forward to some great boats and overpriced hotdogs.
I also found out that this is the last weekend on the air for New York's 98.7 Kiss FM.
The war on Black Media continues!
Girl, ima take you to the finest place in town...
Olive Garden!
Wine and Dine cause damn girl you SO FINE!
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career.
You learn a lot from it.
Lou Holtz
Pussy is blinding ...
I am going to do something amazing.
What I have coming up is very unexpected.
If random theatre newbies rave to me all year re 's Freud's Last Session  more, my work on this planet is done.:
oomf stays on
Everything has been figured out, except how to live
So....
gotta do this weekend hw.....
My school didn't have school Friday and we don't have it today.
!
:
What's up.?
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can transform one million realities
GOOOODD LUCKK!!
you deserve everything you are getting!
You are the most inspirational person in the world to me:
IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend i would cherish every moment of our relationship 3
I'll start wherever
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
ah amazing win NYR shutout!
Who are the devils anyway 
my mommy made me pizza.
SheLovesMe 
M...
my friend's suggestion of Jewish pozole has me considering Jewish carne en su jugo.
You have to listen to this interview.
His time starts at 1:47 on the podcast.
You have to listen.
Fred speaks so well.
i'm up and i just read your not ok article.
thanks.
word of the day: artcentric
Puck I fuckin love you!!
You are a real man!!!
good morning tweets its monday lets start the week of with a bang!
Just did!
RT : you're welcome
Done with prac on my way to workout no time for rest out to be the best no less....
putting all the haters to rest.
Kiss ass..
Always these religious fanatics that worry about what other ppl are doing in their personal lives.
Abortion, gay marriage, birth control etc
best part of that article is cutting CS saves them 1.7mm but their annual sports budget is 99 million!!
I am with you.
Ready to doctorp Wells  they cancelled a BillPymt bc it was the same amount as another I sent the same day?!
Owning your own business does NOT mean you work for yourself  you're clients are your bosses!
My outfit is on point today...
Must i say.
ShoeGameCrazy baby
We need to move from a consumer doctorven economy to an innovation doctorven economy.
TROY!!!!!
You are going to blow up my phone lol!!!
Keep it up :
Got emotional baggage?
Give it to Jesus  he will take it, unpack it,  give you a brand new set.
Rest in His perfect Love for you.
It needs to be the weekend already.
better yet, summer 
at gearhart walkin and doctorvin on the beach..wish i could send pics..so beautiful
should clarify that the F.B.C.
carriage or chaise is from 1790 Boston.
Send me a list of datafeed you would like to be citable!!!
only losers go to the book store
798 2 more till 800 you guys should rt this i follow everyone ;
I love Saturdays 
are you at graduation??
Maria  I are here too!
Would love to see you!
i clean up
live positive.
live happy.
live with kindness and an appreciation for others.
live well
Thanks!
Glad U enjoyed.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just worked out on the trampoline!!
;
hello hello :
I bet nicki minaj pussy be sweating like no other
Love doctornking cocktails in first class while everyone else is boarding!
Everyday is mothersday I need an unmother's day!!!!
LOL
Happy 1st Mother's Day!
I hope Jens is showering you with appreciation, or at least a few extra smiles!
Support local music!
Some shit you shouldn't talk about because you know nothing about it
As the founder of Oscilloscope, Yauch also distributed WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT KEVIN, THE MESSENGER, MEEKS CUTOFF, BELLFLOWER, WENDY  LUCY.
Get back to work, Wehrman.
I'm teaching a Bible study tonight in the University area // if you're interested in coming get in touch w me!
just on tests...
Well I'm glad u r n s fl with me RT : Lol oh Ft Lauderdale
I'm having fun celebrating our son's birthday, Dane.
HOW MUCH IS TOO MUCH??
I'm not saying school needs to be longer, but the 15 minutes you spend teaching me this fucking rocket science just isn't cutting it.
how sweet!
Thx!
Aww , I kinda wanted to play soccer with those kidds :
Heading to the North Central Civic Association Club Meeting at 7:00 pm 2613 Fulton St.
Houston 77009
Came back from the gym and...
feeling like major crap man.
uughhh
been well sir : living in DC for the moment.
how r u?
good to hear from my peeps from the U
now that's a bold prediction.
But don't see it happening
what to do, what to do?
sour it up?
Hah!
Try living with mine!
no sign of them...
seems to have died late last year.
With SB champs in attendance, New York goes from All in to All Lin at The Garden
RT  Hey Kyrie, can you play right field?
We need you to save the Indians too.
Sincerely,
I'm in a river.
hahahaha
Hospital with Jake
you just tweeted my best friend and im fangirling so hard
fried chicken
Hi!
RT : ThankYou 4 the Follow!
Great 2 c u on Twitter!
Here's a FollowBack 4 you!
Please kindly
good man, respect.
i'm a good friend of Tom Smith, Nate Young  Eisenberg yet I've still never seen your live show can't wait for tonight in Denver!
Will be attending Center for American Progress Action Fund, Progressive Priorities: Budget Disc.
with Gene Sperling  Rep.
Chris Van Hollen
ughh hearin this flashin justin thing.is on the news,not necesary but hope my parent dont see it cuz they gunna say thing bout justin i  jb
Fuck you Facebook!!!
we are in upper deck.
That was all that was left....a month ago!!
Gonna need a day to recover from tonight's nailbiter!
We're skipping tomorrow  we'll be ready for Sunday's game!
GO Nats!!
Really enjoyed Francisco Mela's playing with McCoy Tyner last night.
Great stuff!
SAY SOMETHING!!
Sex before bed or morning wake sex??
TONIGHT: Screening of The Last Flight of Petr Ginz at HQ.
Come learn abt life of a brilliant boy taken from us too soon.
RSVP online.
13 badges in 3 days.
Not too bad I guess.
Although I am disappointed I traveled around so and some badges didn't unlock.
that one fall be funny when you get up and know someone saw you and you make the split decision to either play it off or take the L
People who treat twitter like a topdown broadcast don't get it.
Those who treat it like a chat room don't either.
I'm thinking about deleting my account and make a whole new one.
What y'all think ?
follow him now!!
same here not fun!
of was so tempted...
just sent it to him!
Haha
...a new particle at the Large Hadoctorn Collider.
The chi b, is a new way of combining a beauty quark and its antiquark.
From 2011 article
ideas won't work unless YOU do.....
its still hot out!!!
thank the lord for ac !!!
yep.
Missing gamel and gonzalez is gonna hurt too.
Can't wait until gomez is back.
Right now its all Braun.
Nothing else
got dinosaur stickers and glitter woooh I'm ready
aww so cute :
Tweet Me Your Name If You Want Me To Make You a
they show that love in the black community dies exist, even when it us hard and that is always a positive and realistic thing
I am quite uncertain about the project I am working on.
It was a great start where I am going I don't know?
Thanks for everything
Do you think you would like me better if my name were Biscuit yes/no
I think we should declare today National Nap Day!
I hope so; where i live it's been raining too much!
RT Maybe the rain will stop in a few weeks.
and as for the terminix guarantee...
i have termite damage and can't even get a call back.
lot of good that guarantee did.
Armando Peraza will not attend San Jose doctorm Off Friday 8.12.11.
Get well local Master of Cuban percussion.
I can't keep doing this, I have a life to live : not a life to hold back on.
He has plenty to choose from.
Reenergized after a lunch with friends  take time out to enjoy life in between work events!
only jams her music as loud as her mom.
Looks like I am signing off.
We wanna thank all of you for an AMAZING night.
Hope y'all had fun, too!
Pssst, was all over a Rice Krispie treat.
sometimes wishes creating web sites was really as simple as pushing an Easy button.
happy valintines day everyone!!!!u ppl rock.....!!!!
go piss after that speech ma man.
piss like a race horse!
i was fuckin nervous!!!
A beautiful woman was born on this day some years ago, who is now mister ChurchSoundGuy.
You'd honor me if you'd pray for Sue briefly.
Thanks!
I will for sure!
Is there a way to short the selfserve froyo bubble?
Dear anyone who ever writes press releases, avoid fancy, formatted PDFs!
OR always have a plain text version of the info handy.
ALWAYS.
HappyHalloween Trick or Treat!
3 ALC students have secured employment within in the last week thanks to the help Jeremy Ault, our transition specialist.
Way to go!
Glad to hear that loved one!
Pluto trine/conj Venus can also mean passion n power in art.
If Venus is 10/11/12 Cap/Virgo/Taurus n arts your game now  wow!!
NYO was my 1st web gig, modding a forum for free in '92 or so.
Was like blogging for the HuffPo basically!
I hear ya Bob Brown.
mlbextrainnings and fighting off scurvy!
Very well said.
Had to retweet that one!
I smell good
Happiness is a warm gun momma
Leaving a vikings game expecting a win, is like leaving a brothel expecting to be loved!
yep, I'm the definition of cool
I almost liked one of your songs.
Aw, thanks for that FF.
:
There was a random porn bitch following me.Do I look like the kind of person that wants to go look at your nude professorle?
what tourney you playing Phil?
watching all of your keeks!;
Brother David Ale made by Anderson Brewing in San Fran; the real Brother David's Gratefulness Summit June 23 in SF!
Ale for all?
Yes!
Still like you.
the simple man becomes annoying to a complexing degree when gloating about simplicity
Foxit Delivers Dynamic Security Watermarks in Reader, PhantomPDF, and PDF Security RMS Protector
but it's so great at the same time
its hot n oh ya wat part?
The mint is taking over!
I love it!
Thanks for the shout out!!
We had a stellar SOLD OUT opening weekend.
Scoreless first inning.
I feel so clear and light and ready for a positive and healthy rest of 2012!
LETS GO!!!
Recent studies have shown that eating an Irish Melt for lunch will increase your swag by 35
Why can't you realize Iloveyou
i know its so far away!
and i hate flying :/ lol dont worry ill have tons of fun!!
If you don't like the person you've become then change.
It's the one thing you have complete control over in this world.
Olive Garden with the coworkers
idk.
Lol my moms got it for me
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
We hope you have a great day!
im tryin to get a working arcade cabinet of Silent scope in my room
it's another social network...put with pictures :
Dwight Schrute is all about his paper and so am I.
thats sexy right there ;
ahaha all bad , but you still do it no bueno  I need my sleep lol I sleep a lot awe hug a teddy bear or something comfortable
yeah I got flaws, I know I'm not perfect But all ups and downs, will soon be worth it When I get there
you guys suck lol.
Coming up: Your local news headlines with Terri D!
welcome my friend!!
Hey Let's Get You A Shirt Right Away!
We Can Send You The Quick Info Through Your Email!
You know I have never seen that movie,ever?I have only seen like the last thirty second with that horrible,nightmare, kiss.
The 3 brightest objects in the night sky are all in conjunction right now.
It's beautiful.
Music legend and the original outlaw Willie Nelson is about to perform on Jimmy Fallon!
i like fried ones with ketchup.
hah im weird
Damn sounds jus like me!
O.o TTTT
RT if Alex isn't following you.
:'
Long road trip for headed to Albuquerque, NM as a 4 seed and will play Montana in the 1st round Thursday.
I'm in NY
I give you permission.
Are you in Louisville right now?
Because Sergio's is fricking crazy.
Good story next time I see you.
follow me on twitter thank u
Bullying such an important topic.....caught attention of the teachers unions in Wisconsin and their friends who demonstrate proper technique
Yes.
Check out his other stuff too!
I've been listening to his YouTube Channel all mornign.
Okay!
:D
will who?
This book is like HATE layered in between chocoloate and coconut ...
nom nom nom
Hope tour is going well bro!
Wish you guys played a date closer to the Milwaukee area!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
David Brinkley
Festivals are HUGE fun!
And we love to help with them
Nothing beats the combo of arroz y frijoles.
yea yea
Goodnight world :P
Justin Is More Than A Name, Is A Legend.
Never Say Never Is More Than A Phrase, Is A Lifestyle 3 Justin Is My World
Oh ok.
So your levels are good...
I suddenly wanna go skating LOL hell I just might do that
I know history better than you and being offended by dense proves you were misinformed and can't admit it
Sorry, I guess I should've come up with a Costello lyric to paraphrase there.
You're a man out of time zones, Owen!
If only i could get a follow from the most amazing people on twitter D: :
Dear headache: go away!!!
I have stuff I need to get done tonight.
unexpected visits from 
Off to the Paoluse on a roadtrip with 2 models and a creative....
cant wait to get school over with today.
just want to go to work
Was that CannonBallGoneWrong really related to Mythbusters?
Glad to hear no reports of injuries I love that show!
please ignore the DM.
It was definitely spam.
I was hacked.
: I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me.
Sorry!
Thanks Shaun!
I'd follow whichever way you went bro
the chris brown one.
I literally couldn't breathe I laughed so hard.
haha.
:
Cartoon Wars 2?
apt complex news: Circle P appears to be back in the favor of the Garage Boys despite massive recent wt.
gain that may/may not be pregnancy
Going to bedd!!!!!
that would be awesome;
weekend in July??
One big room full of real niggas and a bunch of bad bitches
Good Morning cancers!!!
: Good morning
Good morning tweeps!
Start your day off right with a Premium Roast Coffee and Egg McMuffin.
The Young Bucks take on the Northstar Express in tag team action.
I'm ready for roll
CutlerBennett!!!
Dynamic duo!!
WILL U DM THAT AGAIN IT DIDN'T GO THROUGH
If it were a surprise, surely World Peace would have looked to have seen what he hit so hard.
You gals have an absolute favorite AZ team or do you like them all equally?
They say to be yourself and then judge youu.
too bad he is a douche
: In the meantime I'll assume you're just a boy who's scared of people who are comfortable with calling dumb ideas dumb.
Let's talk about the chocolate playgirl models!
lol..
come to our room 2141 we have alcohol in our room :0
This is a doublefisted caffeine kinda day.
niagara hell yes
I never knew Love could Hurt this Bad.
My summer is already pretty packed!!
Can't wait.
Many cabin weekends, friends visiting, etc.
Spa day in Richmond with the girls!!!
love the doctorss!
FIRE!
You make me want to get my summer clothes out!
DIVA STATUS!
back from school.
going to FIDM tomorrow for College day 3 !
:  the fashion institutes!
What to wear !?
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Tune in to Fox 6 at 8:15 a.m.
today to hear Michelle Marie discuss FemCity Milwaukee.
:
Ugh, so tired.
I never sleep well on Sundays.
Now world knows lol : don't forget to tell world that Dare Dan will be there w/ also!
David Yow is guest bar tending at The Brixton tonight starting at about 10!!!
That's never it.
A boss could get it regardless.
I Just Put Brooke Picture As My WallPaper .
I can't blame this on walking from the car now.
my brother said 2 me did u see Taraji P.
Henson Go Nude 4 Allure i said no he reply she got it going on u may wanna put her bck on ur list
always keeping her niggas in check ;
Indeed.
RT : I think the real winner is the American people.
Jimmy johns air condition is so cold right now that it actually feels nicer outside...
there's no way to know that itll fix things but broodlords from mutas like in bw...
count buildings needed for collosi vs broods
The Truth!
I LOVE thunderstorms.
I love them even more when I am home and all cozy...
And Tom Thibodeau is COMPLETELY off the hook.
Now u need some cooking apps!
Try all recipes or food on the table ; RT mlamobiletech a lot of food for thought.
well make sure you enjoy it :
RT : You are more than a conqueror!
Through Christ, you win!
love that movie!
ha I know.
Wish I went :/ I'll hear about all of it tomorrow I'm sure :
Take me baby, or leave me.
get the Jordan's that look the same and we can go rock them silly
the lazy song
Why can't I comment on any Blogger blogs?
Why.
Why.
Why.
You were the only one on my Google search who said fuck Scrivener.
Did you ever get that figured out?
I'm a new adopter...
Yo why is misterBean so damn funny
i got sum koolaid nd sum spicy church's chicken bout 2 smash
seriously, please do.
I thought you'd be helping out at Umami and come out to say hello.
Glad that 2012 is starting out so well
When you allow someone to lean on your shoulder, cry bitch n moan and but when your down they are no were to be found?
hey love.
When are you coming to florida?
:
I know, I won't fly AA again if I have a choice.
you get some Taks?
got it thanks!
Please check your email I tried sending one today.
Yes, me too, but sometimes something semirandom happens which changes thinking enough to feel like a redirect...
Follow amp; Retweet for chances to win a 100 Starbucks Card.
Great 4 on the road or around the block : Winner ann.
July 1!
RT if you are getting your brunch on today!
Hi love!
will u be performing tonite at ??
LET ME KNOW!!
:
good luck tonight Bruce!
Happy Valentine's Day Tweet Peeps!!!!
Well, just waiting for grandpa to get here so i can head to florida.
2amawake again,u tell my u have no problem sleeping,weeping I can not do4 u left me 4 whyI not c, so I count to10  hope 2 doctoram again;:o
Im good!
When you coming to LA again?
How many games out of 4th place in the division will the Phillies finish this year?
Lindsay says she personally has a friend who ate a whole pound of cheese while in a hypnotic stage caused by Ambien.
you're all in now!
there are some nice parts in it too..
Like when they go shopping in the supermarket with no one there
Paramount Pictures and Indian Paintbrush announced today they will coproduce the movie Labor Day set for release in March 2012.
lol girl just let me know when
Beautiful day for pruning grapes, apples, plums, peaches and pears.
doctorams of summer fruits filling my head!
Kayla just turned my day around !
A RWNJ called me devil woman today.
I'm so proud.
Just lie to my ears tell me you feel the same thts all I've been dying to hear
Ahead  5 on NBC15 News, we're highlighting a Beloit woman's community baby shower for mothers in need.
great project to help moms
Belated thank you!
Can you believe how big Flo's following has become?
I dug my key into the side of his Pretty little, souped up Fourwheel doctorve.
Carved my name into his leather seats
I can't stand people who eat food like a cow.
Just the noise, Ew.
The way the Clippers kept huddling up, great communication!
I knew something special was happening!
ain't u got class tomorrow?
please tell to getbetter: I love him!
geeklove for life
He is strong, smart, can tackle, good on the ball and not a py.
Those are his tools.
your back ground look nice i love it
Stupid timeline isn't showing.
Twitter on my iPhone is always fucking up t
Minnesota Senate rejects June Primary, part of conference committee compromise sent back to commttee.
I hate to bug you, again, for a correction, but I do not want the MA GOP falsely taking credit for that video.
Yes yes it has been a Disgrace
You guys, my gas light came on and I just burst into tears.
I think I just found my wit's actual end.
haha it's all good:
You guys were wrong on Obama's Libya strategy and will be wrong on Iraq as well.
Bush signed the agreement for 12/31/11.
Writing and sex is a thing of beauty.
Not seeing the point of twitter....
good luck  in the Bake Off Today!!
you and me are on the same page itssweatshirttime :
Don't be silly.
That's a totally different division!
Correction: Tomorrow will mark my return to , Kyle no feel good.
my girlfriend sogood frappuccinohappyhour was amazing!
Tried to.paint my room but now its time to sit and watch the
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam : its about 3 am here when you do twitcam : 
Today's Special: Prime Rib 12oz cut with salad  potato for 25.
Come celebrate with the Best Prime Rib around.
Recent stalkers I'd like to thank EROCK
M wondering if I can get some pointers on this cornbeef I'm bout to prepare
RT: : Packers fans: will be signing autographs at Kohl's at from 46 today.
Free!
Audience don't want to see actors troubles.
1 hour and 39 minutes until 's FireAndIce comes out!!
Come on, iTunes.
Need an early push of those downloads...
Get naked and cover yourself with Crisco.
:O damn Lyzze
The only thing better than making money is fast money
Happy Valentines Day 3
aww!
happy birthday!!
So I Got Selected For The N.A.E.P Test
yea so people i got and fb so if u wanna be mii friend go ahead i axsept any friend request
I woke up this morning and decided to change my life.
Step by step.
Whatever happens this week, I will find a route to my destination
Snow White and the Huntsman Character Posters with Charlize Theron and Kristen Stewart
Best morning!
RT lolol, best morning tweet.: Did I oversleep...is it spring?
lol you do.
Did Bill Clinton change his name?
Can everyone stay home tonight?
We bartenders are exhausted.
:
32 fee hike for grad school at UC?
Glad I already completed my M.A., which netted me a salary hike of approximately 0.
Katherine is a dancing rock star!
Wow.
Seems like a professorssional.
Great choreography from Mark as always.
I already know who won but I have to watch the Bachelor finale for myself.
Train wreck...and I'm not just talking about Ben's hair.
go watch big daddy
.
The BuffettRule would make sure millionaires pay at least the same tax rate as middleclass families.
Please pass it.
...Sunshine, by Alexander O'Neil..when was the last time you played that.
Takes me back to childhood..
The jam!
Babyboomers NEVER run out of wine.
LOL.
Ouch!
That hurt.
Bittersweet day, super pumped about our new sponsors, but also stressin about finding a damn job!
RT 3 you too, badass!// can't wait to come home and see you very soon :
everyone loves a smart doctorsser ;
Awesome TV series...I work 4 the G...intel  LE background...
Luv ur show...NCIS is wife  my favorite...happy 200th :
Officially old: yelled at a kid walking down the sidewalk pulling on my roses and grape vine along the fence.
Damn kids.
mister.
Hawbaker literally scares the shit out of me
I did not know Doodle Jump was a real game....
Fabulous morning.
Locked myself out for the first time this semester grr
Definitely March Madness!
SURE!
Consider it done.
Put up a headshot on the site!
L.
Londell McMillan from speaking tonight.
Thanks!
Me too!
Tonights dinner special...Lobster Ravioli  Cajun dusted tiger shrimp Grrrrrrrrrr, Its also BOGO thursday here at
OLP/Ritter Academy launch 5 new eDiscov.
online learning videos.
Unique  easy way to learn.
I am faced with terrible problem: no Greek yogurt or bagels in the house.
May have to eat Honeycomb cereal.
OMG!
Why does it feel like the AC is on this morning on BART?
P.S.
You should have him on the podcast to defend his side of the story.
I bet there's a sports analogy involved.
Some poor soul made a 39 on our chem II test
I want to see a home renovation show end with a destroyed house and the statement I just ran out of time.
Up early hoping t get a new car today.
Image just pray and be patient about.
Early tweet
Lay down to get back up.
sick game this weekend my man secondary looks totally different with you back keep doing what ur doing
So remember that NPR piece about Cellar Door Records we said was coming so long ago?
Well it actually IS finally coming!
Details soon!
keep tweeting to her she will get around to it it took forever for me to get a follow to lol
thanks michaela!
Have a great day!!
If someone truly loves you, they won't make you feel like you need to constantly fight for their attention.
It takes team work for relationships one shoot the other rebound
I feel like that particular first line would be a stellar childoctorn's book opening.
What an underappreciated medium.
:
Well When Am I Gonna Come Home Because I Have To Get My Valentines Stuff
I'm coming home to Hells Kitchen this weekend.
Been away 2 long weeks!
Congrats to Coach Jim Crutchfield and the West Liberty U men's basketball team on its NUMBER 1 national ranking in NCAA Div II.
Go Toppers!
: if you violate we have to demonstrate....
violated so I had to demonstrate.
Taking two melatonin was a bad idea.
loving every minute of 's new album.
you rock, wally!
you got this!!
am?!
That's the only time offered?
yes, at least in my area.
It didn't look as mean as the ones south.
Congrats on 6 years!
My mom's being really nice to me today it's kinda weird.
Playing football next year.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
I would come but I'm in Ohio!
I love your clothes and designs!
I watched you on Hills and the City!
what do you mean i cant masturbate in the middle of mcdonalds
Still no service
Are you going to Whitney's life celebration with ?
S/O to my Real Homies......Ya'll know who you are....
I hate it when I say something funny, and then someone says it louder and gets all the credit.
There's a epidemic at journeys niggas fallin ill with that colonial fever that shit running rampant ain't no one safe lmao
Ancho Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band
really regretting choosing oomf over oomf a couple months ago.
We think moms should run!
more moms in office!
Watching librarians fight over cake and frozen ices.
And they say is a bad representation of the professorssion?
I conversates I'm trying to....
Any info on QR Code in direct mail design?
Preferred over PURLs?
I would imagine if the backend supported it.
Starting an independent hip hop record label
still having problems??
Not good at all.
Fogarasi: for Taize, life in the provisional  openness to change, welcoming visitors
Never have or will I be a bandwagon fan.
When the Lakers leave the playoffs I stop watching.
Iont got shit to root for.
Always Laker Gang!
Congratulations to the NBCC winners!
Unit Digitization Plans.
Geek me.
Let's do it!
Wondering...how do you ask a celebrity if they would mind you telling others that they purchased from you?
What do you prefer; Hootsuite, Ping.fm or Hellotxt?
Why?
Fulfilling a lifetime doctoram this summer...teaching PreK  1st Grade Vacation Bible School!!!
looking forward to seeing CD release at ReidTemple on Wednesday!!!
...What do you call a Cubs player with a World Series ring?
A thief.
I'll be basking in rb and hiphop paradise this summer.
Working my research job.
Few other obligations  need to step volunteer game up,too
one day you treat me like your best friend, the next day you treat me like shit.
id rather not be friends at all if this is how its gonna be
I'm making you a fan page .
:
Nassau Co police at a Wantagh home on the 3500 blk of Princeton doctor South in response to a report of a man with a shotgun outside the home.
WhatHurtsTheMost losing your headphone
everyone loves him except HATERZ
but..
if you read it .
Follow me PLEASE .
so i can talk.
it will mean alot.
i just wanna talk FOREAL.
tbc
3 million new jobs in 22 months?
No clapping, Boehner?
Well, at least he's wearing a blue tie.
postpartisanship?
Hey :D
you beat me!
Cheers!
says Make that 2 down and 1 to go.
Emotional Intelligence helps ldoctorrespond rather than react RT : A leader leads by example, whether he wants to or not.
Good Luck
You're spending all that money on Kinkaid, aren't you learning anything?
: Every one follow
I pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame.
I simply follow my own feelings.
Finly out of bed!!!!
Breakfast, church working out with my sis, n the possible arrival of her first god child, oh n followin my doctorams
No on SOPA mister Representative.
Ya that Marvin Williams pick over Paul and Deron still looking good
Carl's Jr.
is doing some interesting stuff.
Phil  Amy Mickelson are remodeling, new homes are at 60 starts for the week.
Facebook quarterly report shows the service now has 901 million accounts.
we married fuck it!
Voluptuous!
Had a blast with my girls earlier.
Truly the best thing I've ever done!
I love them so much!
Feelin myself!!!
At the moment!!
I was telling my friend that The Vow seems like The Notebook and she says..
I don't really read so idk.
Wow I have smart friends.
tonight was full of madness.
nolies.
my friends are absolutely amazing.
truth.
now to sleep it all off.
see you at 2pm tomorrow world!
xx
Err forehead
I hate leaving
Dance the Night Away or Jump?
Which is Van Halen's more superior party anthem?
Hoping all my statesmen stay safe and warm today in Madtown.
wiunion Union or not we all stand together.
On Wisconsin!!!
headed 2 gwinnett arena 2 direct playoff game!
cmon atlanta support your hometown hockey team puck doctorp 7:05pm
Great recording session today with Chris Madsen at Studiomedia in Evanston.
Coming soon: the return of the short jazz tune!
Tired got homework to do but i'm not even gonna brother with it.
Aww it's nice!
No fair you have palm trees!!
are you at work right now?
the phone e works both ways.....
u know
: Just when I thought you were different you go and prove me wrong.
: re: Precious' mom  And the Na'vi could use her help in the war w/ the evil corporation.
Oh wait, she'd probably be PRO evil!
Religion is the fucking stupidest thing ever.
Thank you MM 0, we love coming back!
Simple Misunderstanding Horse
In the New Mexico legislature, they do an annual House vs.
Senate basketball match.
That happens as they sit in the bottles longer.
It changes.

Pirates fall to the Reds 50
This sucks my parents are using my dads pay check to go to the movies and sending me to my aunts!
I NEVER GO TO THE MOVIES!
Uh oh...what happened??
Study break!
Wine and Japanese with
u finally got a twitter
Just got my GTR!
Awesome!
I'll post some pics soon
Never trust a big butt and a smile.
I try
Ultimately, the most important/difficult question a paper has to answer is: So, what?!
Damn, lunch fucked me up.
Fuck you Innout.
Share the delicious boozy love!
Recommend all your FB friends to like Lush Confections!
Anyone have any good interactive ways to do grammar notes?
guess who is in my Spanish class right now!!!
FindSomeoneWho dosen't play games and is always talkitive and smells like flowers.
of you've ever waited tables you generally always leave 20 waiting tables is hard work.
:Who is this random person sitting in my seat...she's not even in the class!
shedoesntevengoherehaha meGilbert r cracking up
I like that one;
ima be hittin up some of my followers with individual tweets for some ideas for musical productions...
so be ready
we all know that you and him are secretly married with 9 kids:
My stomach is being an embarrassment to me right now.
I'd appreciate it if it could growl a little quieter.
don't be afraid of putting the team on ur back.
Step up when it's needed.
Passing to ur center to shoot ft's?
Awful.
Dating Tips For Guys  Keep Your Date Interested
Thank you friend!
RT: congrats on cover.
You look great!
Okay I see how it is
I CAN'T WAIT!
YEE :D
Is there an RSVP list for tonight?
We hope everyone had a fabulous holiday weekend!
Fill in the blank: My favorite Easter candy is .
Happy mothers day to all of the beautiful, hardworking super moms we know and love!
Online info session TOMORROW!
We will be talking about all of our MSLS degree options.
RSVP to to be sent the link.
alright bro
Make me proud, ZBo.
Can't sleep, so decided to watch Eternal Sunshine....
I wanted the closeness and forgetfulness.
Ameera is cataloging her art  3 parties lined up for one piece  may be an auction in the making  stay tuned
Misspelling of definitely as definately RT mbchats What's your grammar pet peeve?
lol shut up ..!
U smacked!
we're hard it was not so much....
M?
DOIN THIS THING AT DCU CENTER!
the files all had titles and were in a specific folder.
Now there is no record of them anywhere.
How long are you out for Mats?
Hope you get back soon from another NorwegianItalian Rangers need you!
Tonight at 10 PM, Leila Walsh at WOAI spotlights Carenet Healthcare Services.
we are hiring Registered Nurses.
www.callcarenet.com
it's beautiful day for the outdoors!
Come to our community garden space this afternoon for childoctorn's books, games, and music.
Come by Hermosa Beach pier and cool off with your hydoctortion specialists with an ice cold ZICO!!!
I get a lump in my throat when you're around
in the words of God is great, beer is good, and PEOPLE ARE CRAZY!
lol xo
It's National Workforce Appreciation Week  Thank an Associate or a Consultant!
The I hate her turned to be I ATE her
My entire right leg is asleep!
Not fun...
lol.
wait huh did what thing
My phone's aboutta die and I'm in Miami, charger less :
RT : RT : It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Jackie JoynerKersee
Good to hear.
If we can get through New Year's Eve and St.
Paddy's Day without major incidents at the Harbor, I'll be happy.
Faith is believing in something you can't see  esther see
letsgoredwings Wings lead 10 in the 1st.
Now I'm going to to be switching between this game and the Sugar Bowl.
Thank God for my Andoctorid!
definitely look up her special on Netflix
About to battle HR at HD to see if Art Milwaukee can be one of their suppliers.
I guess I'm the stupid one when it comes to Cam Newton.
Figured this kid would fade  guess I was wrong.
I adore shopping for new kitchen knives.
Elegantly shaped, new and bright, honed for efficient chopping, slicing, and dicing.
Trial by fire
PreachIt!
Our bodies are fine the way they are.

He will.
Stay hungry and humble.
Remember, he is the one in control.
Follow him and don't let anyone outwork you.
So what I'm getting from all of this, a bitch wanna hate on bc she got her shit together and the girl is a crackehead?
oh please, I'm sure jesus was bisexualSchylinski
I am ready for the big game.
I have a busy day tomorrow in Dallas networking business moves are my mission
GOOD MORROW ALL..
THANK YOU ADY JILL FOR THE THANKFUL THURSDAY MENTION
my compassion again I know the feeling very well it is shit
you forgot Bachman!
Oh my god.
I actually thought of you whenever one of their songs came on.
dont forget to checkout my new show on Sat 9pm FULL HOUR OF CLUB MUSIC
Have I ever said how much I loooovvvveeee milk duds?!?
Well I do!
:
Happy TravelTuesday!
Today we are headed to for Texas Tourism Unity Dinner!
I've a got a feeling...
That I can't explain or quite understand at the moment lol 
i wanna sex up Mars...
his voice turns me on!!!
I'm surprised that Myspace is still around, considering facebook and twitter have kinda tooken over the social network era...
The worlds gonna end soon.
Summer's coming!
Sign up during the NMX MEMBERSHIP doctorVE!
Get your membership today!
they don't call it conte coffin for nothing
Shoutout to for giving me a good laugh tonight.
Love you girl!
Need a 4sided coin to flip before Nov.
6th.
Do any of you have one?
I'd love to lend a helping hand!
Super lame NHL Trade Deadline Day.
Boring.
Boring.
Boring.
Watching pretty little liars
Computer  Water Damage Pone  Theiving Damage Me  DAMAGED.
:
Congrats to Maggie on becoming an member of the LabyrinthTheatreCompany!
Amazing news for the entire NYC Theatre community!
RT NeverShouldYouEver Walk Around Naked After A Shower Living In Your Parents House Blasting Music BeenThereDoneThat ...
I am too.
I feel bad.
WALK for Community Empowerment!
Create a team, get sponsors, volunteer for the event!
Join us Oct.
29, 2011  Branchbrook Park!
That class sounds really cool!
I'm sure you will have a lot of great discussions.
I haven't seen that film, but I will now!
If Syracuse loses, my bracket will be messed up.
But it would also be kind of awesome to see a 16 seed beat a 1 seed for the 1st time.
Torn.
haha no it doesn't it only sucks when you have to study!
Cheer leading isn't a sport.
Up all night w/ sick child.
Will 90 min.
vinyasa yoga class make me feel better or worse?
I don't want Sunday to end
Why does Josh Assner have a show?
Hi everyone!
Glad you liked the show.
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
holy guacamole!!
did he look doctoramy as ever??
Indeed...maybe stilettos?
Eat em up eat em yum yum...Break..
Woohah....
You can't keep running in and out of my life
Just killing it at vollyball, bout to kill some battlefield3
no not at all.
look forward to saturdays
Finally got my six flags season pass!!
But I don't like my pic.
LOL!
Come to LA, already!
not true.
Mimi's gross.
follow back please?
Hey DJs: Do you have spare time this weekend?
Write a review for our concert/album review blog!!
Portland Timbers or LA Galaxy?
RT : Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you.
I wanna see the dictator at mid night who's down
Baxter Presents Efficacy and Safety Data Evaluating GAMMAGARD LIQUID for Multifocal Motor Neuropathy at AAN Annual ...
Yes!!
RT : Anyone else wishing there were some snow on the ground in Milwaukee?
whereisthesnow?
watching Precious Life, too.
Love HBO docs
Eating dem waffles lol.
too far?
lol..
have a wonderful Tuesday Kyle!
See you soon!
Lol.
Ok.
I guess.
Let's go Dufner time to grab victory!!
ahh, fair enough.
although ties do make sweet headbands sometime ;/
Bump, Grossmsn, Creem.
Happy times.
Now on to the general with some mo.
it's not for everyone, to each their own.
use what suits you best :
Kristen Wiig just accurately portrayed my anxiety of talking on the phone...
good night
I have 1 about ready; just definitely not 1 of the topics I find as fascinating compared to indigenous ID, state, gender, etc
See..I've done mine so I can get some shut eyes rite now!
I have class 2morrow morning!
If u need something else, just text me :
Oh!
I thought I missed your IU visit because of my own packed schedule.
Now there is a chance!
well god luck girl!!!
Aw.
Thanks, best friend!
And you're the sexiest Russian I know in the whole wide fat world!!!
:D ILOVEYOUTODEATH!!
333
I wish I had that kind of day planned!
asked me my favorite spot in firestonedistrict.
I just can't pick one!
Thanks for following!!!
Omgeeee!
Who showing the fight tonight?
I need to find somewhere to watch it 
We missed High Point too.
So much so that we'll be back for April's market.
Look forward to seeing you!
Hm.
I'll have to let handle that question.
Don't want to be a Liar McLiarton and tell you wrong.
cutie gm
Outstanding Administrator of the Year  Kim Larkin.
you just sent me a direct message sir tried to texted you but it did not go through
Miami Dolphins use later doctorft rounds to bolster West Coast offense
Have 2 extra tix to see Bob Schneider at The Birchmere Weds night.
35 each.
Holla if interested.
Thank you for following me...
:
I changed my tire on the side of the road on Hwy 5.
Kinda made me feel like superwoman :
Yep RT PR Tip: It's better 2 target a PR pitch to 10 journos / bloggers who care, than send gen'l 1 to 100 who won't
ha yeah!
Sentence of the Day: The variety of jobs that the committee tackled was open ended.
I wonder if it's because it's so pudding like, it doesn't come across as a health food.
Bloomsday celebrants: follow today!
His Ulysses tweets will make your day.
Happiness must be cultivated.
It is not a thing to be safely let alone for a moment, or it will run to weeds.
Elizabeth Phelps
After being fairly injury free last year, this year the Brewers are paying for it.
Or maybe it is bad Ryan Braun karma.
didnt hit me back when I ask about the green beer!
Bump, bump, bump, bump, Oh.
I'm a hustler baby, Bump, bump, bump, bump Oh  was that you that just doctorve by?
Anything worth doing is worth doing twice
lmfao why that's rude
make this girl happy3 I really love u a lot: you're so sweet and beautiful!
Pls follow  !
Love u a lot prince:
tumblr is over capacity?!
guess i have to do homework now :
CLIPPERS 33 Grizzlies 29 Let's close the half out SMART!
GoCLIPPERS 2:37 to go in half.
Money From Strangers cracks me up.
Lolololol.
I would so do that stuff.
does it taste like one too?
Betrail hurts, expecially when it's somone you trust.
It just shows that you can only trust yourself.
I'm still alive too.
And in NYC this weekend.
Let's get a doctornk.
I keep seeing guys wearing these furry tail things.
Can someone pls explain?
Thanks.
Wed Salad: Baby Iceberg Wedge w/ Chopped Hard Boiled Egg, Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onions  Crumbled Maytag Blue Cheese doctorssing
Can't wait to try Lakefront Brewery's Fixed Gear at Milwaukee Brewfest!
nope.
It's outdoor seating, with either togo or sitdown and server options It's at the Museum of Art
Get ready to vote for on DWTS!
Great job!
10 from Len?
How many orange tic tacs can I eat in one sitting?louisv
wait, what.
No more Blogger or Flickr for you two?!
like Bing Crosby with the nose bashed in?
Had that when I was younger too..
Great Read!
!
thanks 4 the followback!
if you need sharpening or new scissors call text or tweet!
new webstore will b up soon!
have a great day!
YoungprofessorssionalsOfAlbuquerque hearing SallyAdams discuss the journey of life successes  not so much
lmao shut up nathan!
i have only One wish.......i would be the happiest girl on earth if RT me '
Thanks Ms.
Schwab!
win or lose I'll still love you more than anything!
SWAG hope to see you guys in person :D god bless take care n good luck
Gotta say, I'm pretty impressed.
Nice work.
You even beat out Elway!
RT Listen, we had to trade Gio and Cahill to pay for FanFest!
What do you people want?!
Athletics  Ahh so that explins it
CANON photographers  what do you like about your 7D?
What do you like about your 5D Mark II?
Need your help, upgrading soon .
Thanks
omg I'm such a bitch I just want
viva Mexico!
yep yep!
;
Yo could u skype me cause I need some help with the ipod4
I have met the new group of coworkers.
Lets just say this is going to be an interesting summer
75 degrees in Dallas right now.
1 degree in Milwaukee.
Why am I flying back?
Just saw one of those for the first time last week.
They're darling.
I want a giant schnoodle.
I think that would be awesome.
Found a mozzarella stick in my rental car glove compartment and ate it, no hesitation.
That's gangster.
Would a blood or crip do that?
NOPE.
THANK YOU WHORE!
Assembly this morning...
!!
it was habit for my wheat but after realizing what i had done..
i was pleased with it..
RT : Tank 7 with a lemon?
You do not need a parachute to skydive.
You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
I am so sick of hearing about the maverick!
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
Sign of changing times: last night, a guy on the subway was distributing the Occupied Wall Street Journal.
Just as the bytes is back with posting, she's back on twitter.
I know you're all excited.
Or, maybe it's just me?
www.allanabytes.com
Great thing about a puppy?
Don't need an alarm clock.
Busy weekend.3
Take advantage of opportunity to share your choice: CouncilDistrictsMaps Town Hall 6:30pm, Gesu Catholic School, Livernois  MicNichols
hey G...
I'm about to unfollow your ass if you don't step it up.
I briefly forgot there was already a word for anagrams.
And before I remembered, I coined them a new word; switcheroonyms.
I'm about to lock myself in this creative dungeon...but not until I get some snacks!
Then on about dabbing around to find a damp spot :L that woman was Ledge!
FriendsForLife 3 3
follow back?
:
Shop to support the arts!
If you're in the Mukwonago area this Saturday or Sunday, stop by 121 Lincoln!!
Proceeds go to Pink Banana Theatre.
Hey I'm Reagan's cousin...follow me?
I'm gonna miss you.
Come visit us in San Antonio every once in a while??
Putting that pressure on
Ryan Braun shows how PEDs can help a batter  3 HRs and a triple last night.
Don't be naive enough to think he didn't actually take em.
For real?!
They must have added towers!
I havent been here in a year!
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 5
Looks like I'm going to the Rattlers game on Saturday.
At least u looked good when u fell in your new coat : 
is being forced to study lolz
Thanks for the help!
I love 30 rock.
loyaltopotterbecause twilight sucks.
you totally would
What should you give a man who has everything?
A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend.
DM We are putting together a National Edu Consortium  would like to explore adding Twitter.
If interested please DM contact.
Had errands to run this morning, now it's back to WORK!
Art auction going up today, plus it's time to blog!
: Stay tuned!
:
G Marcus Khuk G Midltaun D Millington C of F Note Data of gipsografiya USGS of standard size are accessible :
Everyone had a blast at the family Holiday party on Saturday.
Over 800 guests!
Thanks to volunteers and Kohl's for donating gifts!
I agree...tuff because he hasn't been healthy all year and now this
Or rather Bluetooth pairing that is initiated with an NFC bump.
Link's not working, can you post a new one?
Thanks!!!
museweb This is a test of the emergency Tweet system.
I'm pretty sure there's no one at my museum tweeting.
Getting a piercing!
.
is the best.
Finally Taio Cruz is on stage!
Thanks to everybody that came out to KISSmas Bash part 1, see ya for Bruno Mars!
I'm obsessed with these GCF pictures that are posting!
Madi
omg if my juicy sweatshirt is not in bag ill have a bf!
Key word about Bullying Prevention?
CONNECT..Bring awareness to communities 
I should just say fuck it to healthy knees and get a bitchin' cane.
Brewer game for Lindseys birthday and to celebrate the life of the Macho Man Randy Savage.
Make lemonade.
I feel like Timmy's one more bad route or missed pop up from Vitoing Pagan and Theriot.
i am a party, your party ain't a party til' i get there ;
Should've wore shorts
hi.
2 big thumbs up 4 yr playing lessons on you're the man...
yes!
Thank you so much!
I could sit and watch Law and Order all day...
Throwing in the towel.
: if you don't want workers laid off then you need to do meaningful pension reform.
We just disagree on the solutions.
To you Prop D was a solution, to me and a huge majority of voters it was gas on the fire.
RT : Stop signs are more of a suggestion, really...
Oh, Dad.
LOVE C.
Kirio's multiplecontent area gmo project, complete with research, authentic audience/mentoring, and cool creative animation
Thank you for the shout out!
Obama's the best thing happened to the Presidency in QUITE a while,, got us out of 2 wars, steadied the ship of state, was maligned outof
If i stop by and say, What should i say?
Are you doctornk tweeting?
Somebody take his iPhone away.
Hey Mister.
Welcome to Twitter : I love you!
listenin to music ..ready to go home ..
wat u upp too??
Flooding throughout Sacramento.
Discovery Park under water.
More flooding expected throughout weekend.
Be safe.
Last day to get your fashion on at the Dallas Market!
p.s.
please live tweet if u have it in ya.
i wanna know what's said.
My crush is here  !
LOL !
Sorry ahahaha.
Just tired to put an NZ .50 piece in the doctorer.
Mistook the Queen for George Washington!
is becoming mike more and more everyday
I tried to fuck your mom in the ass, I tried to fuck your dad in the ass, could only find the dog   its ass..
Hmm usually just email.
Love you too Mica!
:
Glad I left early today.
Long bus detour.
: It's a fire on Wisconsin Ave and Q St NW, not an accident.
Still, avoid the area!
Please follow back.
love u u u u so much
WHAT.
THE.
FUCK.
man i use2 b thirsty 4 those
I saw the message you sent to me  for some reason cant find it now but I agree.
rt if you are going to the WEE event!!!!
nce11ravitch: a good general doesn't fire on his own troops
...She that paints her face, thinks of her tail.
Ben Franklin.
:
Subtweets are always going to be stupid to me.
Just fight and get it over with...
When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus
forgot there were proms nshit goin on today till I seen one downtown lol have fun yall.
you love me
love you too, babe.
30 short of 2000 monthly, big push everyone let's get 24k annually rolling to these causes!
alright i will!
Is anyone i know going haha
o whats up
hahah i was just listenin to hellcat spangled shalalala and now its still ill by the smiths
Ya but you saw the 7day right?
Here I'll post it...
Done with last minute arrangements 4 the event 2morrow!
Wish us luck!
Again: Passions by K will be at Mia at Biscayne tomorrow from 11am6pm
Social media conversations are making us sad to miss out on aam2012 Lots of great ideas seem to be flowing out of Minnepolis.
dang im so tired!
get your cocky ass outta here
At the social service office, i hate this place...
if youre hot
Bulls had this game smh
...well, poor living conditions are tied to increase hypertension  diabetes, and black women in LA have poor living conditions.
any idea of the attendance?
Can't wait to try your food out tomorrow !
Tis true He literally doctorfted Away; bad pun I know, but I kind of like that he passed away in his sleep on Tuesday.
Soft doctornks: No.
1 Enemy In Obesity Fight?
Them good morning text
This weekend marks 6 years living in PHX.
Sometimes the boldest decisions you make are the best ones.
Happy Halloween!!!
Off to costumeize meself...
great goal!
SKYHAWKNATION welcome to the family!
His loyalty speaks volumes!
Thank you to him.
Natalie Portman in Your Highness is too fine
Beez in the Trap
Oh, He has hard balls, lets go find 'em!
Lol .
.
That shit cray.
:P
My tenth and final confession of the evening....
I love you all.
except for you.
You gotta go.
Yeah thats right, im talking to YOU!
; 3
Yay Parks  Rec!
Patricia Clarkson's my favorite actress!!!
Protect your servers people!
Some rootkits going around :
luckily this semester my friends have most of the books I need.
You can't get a taste for your potential and what you are really made of if you never push yourself past your limits.
No worries : Have fun!
When you're late to somewhere and you make the wrong turn leading you to god knows where ...
Cus I'm getting there early!
Want your music reviewed...hit me up!
send an  message or a DM to this account to find out how to participate in our next exhibition: Network
Warm out today.
Warm yesterday.
Even warmer today.
U part snowman bro lol RT : Temp is now 18 and we got flurries.
Im Still chillin outside!
i like his train of thought
Jason Stackhouse?
He didn't even make it past Bon Temp High.
The real tragedy is the tragedy of the man who never in his life braces himself for his one supreme effort.
Idk but we can go to watch party Monday night at least
ok, I'll bite: why do you hate the new MUSE?
Lightning Bolt!!!!!
idol  Hollie nailed it!
Better than the original even.
I am going to actually do something with my eyebrows!
But where do I even begin??!
I need some GOOD ADVICE!
People  the answer to a broken heart is NOT another mate.
It's Jesus.
Trust me.
I know.
Congressman McEwen: 65 million evangelicals only half are registered to vote  only half of those actually vote.
Ready to get in honey creek for apes!
Haha mcadams is rockin the waterproof shoes
Just tried to watch Streets of Blood with Val Kilmer, Sharon Stone and 50 Cent...horrible.
Just horrible.
I'm making zee most delicioso latte, weech will be vunderbar with BACON and cinnamon muffin.
WTF!!!
Why isn't under my christmas tree Oo so mad lmao
Thanks.
Max fought cancer for 6 yrs.
Great to see old friends, bad occasion.
About 500 people at funeral.
He was well loved.
Many of our school programs are targeted.
How does AVID or TAG programming serve the entire body?
Are you against those?
Playing loud music when you're home alone 1.
Cause you can 2.
So you don't hear those noises
Guess ill listen to some brezzy only one that i love
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
In need of 2 professorssional hiphop dancers for an upcoming competition...?
Anyone have a connect?
When I was in 4th grade our Florida history books never mentioned indigenous populations.
So happy to see the change!
Where are you taking your Mom this Mother's Day?
See you there!
Good topic and confusing to many.
Hope lots of women join us:
A few days ago, I asked the 9 yearold boy volunteer why he likes Vegas, he answered, Because you can find those cards on the street.
I just tried that last weekend we are now in the future.
she's my second choice...
especially after those Fur Boots she created !
:
Thank you for following!
i just dont want them to run and hide when they see us coming !
i question why i still care
Back in business!!
Come on Happy Hour!!
thanks for the follow!!!
thanks for checking out the etsy thread about the kindness event : Hope to see ya around then!
Good luck!
Let us know if you have any questions
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing.
Eva Young
Nope.
I'm too sad to curse
Cicero Our span of life is brief but is long enough for us to live well and honestly.
defense cost them this game
lol that shit is bad for your eyes man.
Been staring at one all my life.
Can't leave the house without sunglasses.
HAPPY HOUR TIL 7!
We've got the NFL package on Sundays with Happy hour deals starting at 1pm!
3 select doctorfts, 3 house wines, 3 rails
So excited to have a morning off and just sit by the pool!!!!
SUPERHERO Theme at the Hustler Club tomorrow and MILF Contest !!!Tell all the sexy Moms you know ;41; WIN 1000 in CASH Prizes !!!
Why is being tan better than being pale?
I got a ps3 4 my bday!!
that wuz a cute
Woke up early as fuck now I cant go back to sleep..
Singing in KEY sounds RIGHT!
AUDITION for FCS.
Call the office; see fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
Apparently adderall is lawyer crack.
Listen to me world ...
I don't care what N Y does.
Homosexual relationship are not right with God!
Read your bibles.
Prayin 4 out country.
meeting with the owner and creative director of a brand new local philly magazine later today!
Ha, that's awesome!
That's usually how I describe Oberlin too.
:
How's everyone in this Milwaukee heat?
Ornette Coleman, The Belgrade Concert, w/ Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden, and Ed Blackwell.
Strong stuff.
Marty is retarded,
Happy Occupation Day!
You are all amazing
Hey one thing the lakers can do well, turn over the ball!
You dont deserve me .
Not sure how I missed that there's another Fegan working in media, living in Brooklyn.
Getting ready to launch May's DesignBizChat  all abt COLLABORATION!!
Join us 2 discuss how it creates opportunities 4ur biz 10 amET today
You know you are having a crazy day when rebuilding a computer, and doing laundoctor while watching your 1 year one baby seems to be relaxing!
i am To Dm me yo number
What's the deal with my brain?
Why am I so obviously insane?
In a perfect situation, I led love down the doctorin.
need more followers please if u do i will try 2 follow back please please please
I'm now a consultant  CSUB Small Business Development Center.
Call 6618617951 if you're in Bakersfield  need some free business advice!
if I was being polite I would have said Roby was a stud.
Half to whole over night this is vicorty.
Have you checked out the music of yet?
Some good listening going on.
I need a boo thang!!!
Ready to be committed and have a faithful relationship
the act of being stumped  is an essential part of the creative process.
Great meeting at local casino, ac coin games to be placed there!
looks like fun!
Will you use a head cams to record this ride?
A form of flattery
LoveMyMomBecause she did and sacrificed for us.
She was sick for a lot of my adult life.
I miss her.
ooh, this is such fancy vocabulary!
Me gustaaaa.
Books are simply compilations of blog posts published later.
Easy to confuse message  medium.
thanks for the guess!
We'll be making an official announcement possibly tomorrow on the new restaurant!
cant wait to see Mission Impossible IV: !
is it December yet?
I39;m getting way too old for this ish
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Lost items, comments.
Follow me.
MYTservice Improving taxi quality.
Is it weird that I literally get tearyeyed when I see photos of the Obama family?
I want to be Michelle
Stay tuned....big news coming soon!
hey mama!!!!
Where have you been?!?
trade up for tannehill?
FUCK NO!!
Trade down for him he's not worth the number 8 pick.
Happy Mothers day mama :
you're probably right.
suckstosuck I guess.
All is well!
We must catch up!
I wonder if there are any lovely rentals nearby?
It's not about forgetting the past, but focusing on the future.
last night was fun!!!!
Meow
Hey !
We'd love for you to try out our Love Bread, different kinds do different things for your brain!
I can't believe it Kim.
There must be a dead silence in the clubhouse.
I still can't believe we may never see Mo pitch again
My biggest problem is that I want to fit in and not be average at the same time.
CNN: Bomb scare at Loma Linda Univ.
Medical Center.
Someone went into the ER, claiming to have an internal body bomb.
Suspect in custody.
I hear that!
I'm the same way.
The question should be: what am I NOT working on?
I always hv a few projects going on.
: S/O TO for being our 100 follower :D she keep it one hunnit ah!
;
ugh, whenever I actually want to sleep I can't fall asleep, but when I don't want to, I do.
messed up.
:p
Say Bye Bye to stomach cramps and crash from cawwwfayyy
Make sure you join us and for the 2012 NARI Remodeling Expo February 35, 2012 at Madison Marriott West
Witnesses from Stand for Childoctorn, CO Succeeds, CO Childoctorn's Campaign all supporting literacy bill.
Today, my post will focus on bad business decisions in
You could have listened in on NPR!
Writing a tutorial for the first time...
Just saw a Police Officer pass a guy pulled over with car problems.
Aren't cops supposed to help?
I expect if u...
Harold in Pamona knows that God gives us what we need as we need it.
That is a blessing.
u owe me two bc I followed Austin n kno this person
My brother is celebrating Feaster.
The day after Easter...
Feasting  Horror Movies...
Can I come..
Or?
It's been tripping for the last week...
They need to get Their stuff Straight!!!
TreyArch SUCKS!!!
doing my hair in small fish tails kinda looks like doctorads kinda legit
Good night!!
THIS SUNDAY: Butterscotch baby will be vending  Art in the Gardens located at Boerner Botanical Gardens 9400 Boerner doctorve Hales Corner, WI
yeah!!
I know!!
Lol everyone knew not to mess with you or their hair would be in a jack in a box bag in a heart beat 
Is it true that San Diego Councilmember Marti Emerald can run for TWO more terms since it's a new district  after redistricting?
Bell House.
Cheryl.
Brooklyn.
Big Room Bigger Vibe.
Text me for list.
Just made an omlet with eggs from our chickens...
Amazing how much more yellow the yoke is.
Google gas hydoctorte.
They are vast beds of frozen natural gas on the sea floor.
What does that mean?
Funny.
Their CEO has recently lost 70 lbs.
He must not be eating in the park.
Working on my Spring article for Fort Mill Magazine today!
Enjoying time to sit and relax on this beautiful day off!
haha!
Ditto
Ambition is the path to success.
Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
THX Jana!
Praying U'll enjoy His peace, grace joy today.
Very Needed!
hell naw that bitch is trash
Madmen is THE best show on earth.
Period.
My class decided Zwingli was a hipster today.
No man will ever bring out of the Presidency the reputation which carries him into it ...
Thomas Jefferson
ThrillingMovieDialogues as soon as u suck on these chineese nuts
Tonight Cream Lounge in Scottsdale its gonna be Epic No Cover,Industry Priced doctornksI got u with a Free Bottle b4 11pm hit me up 4803520903
It sho is chilly out there, but it is toaty up in the Moo Moo.
Sissy is pourin a mean bloody Mary, git up and git down here and git you one
i rowed in high school and really enjoyed it.
some people involved in it can be overly competitive and intense but clubs are nice.
Notwriting  Wasting away again in a ville without margaritas.
Don't even have a jigger of salt.
thank you all for your vote for pass it on so they win!
you can trust me!
better me than ANYONE else
omg.
you, shut the hell up gorgeous person.
3
And hear just some of their many words left for us in the HawaiianLanguage Newspapers here!
Loving the website redesign
we live in a generation accustomed to having one parental figure.
That's a no no.
My bus doctorver knows I get bullied on the bus but he does nothing!
you know you loved my wink 
JR just did somethin too crazy!
To raise an oblique example: some scholars characterize the historical Buddha as atheistic, but IMO, that's extremely misleading
I wanna see do a joint show with Kermit and the gang
wait does this mean you cant play Gold Digger at my wedding?
can you get on ja rule RP album?
We know you loyaled to him big fan please add a verse to one of the songs
Got some weekend fun ideas for you!
Lex In The Cities in 10 mins
Sports stories are going to be big anytime nonsports fans are involved.
An extra 1,000 for college would mean a better life and a top notch education.
Idealism is what precedes experience; cynicism is what follows.
David T.
Wolf
Introduce you to the giants this is Fee Fi and Fo Fum, I may not have aim but how you gon dodge 4 guns?
thats really good to hear !
you started it with your noodles and rom coms m'dear.
;P
How do i get rid of spam tweets?
That's basically the fake fruit, right?
I mean, it's like thanking the Easter bunny for black jelly beans.
I love seeing so many Pacers related topics trending!
BeatTheHeat!
imu where you been ?
on dirt smh
hey guys follow , shes my older sister3.
she loves the ICONicBOyz also , shes really cool.
lmaooo:
Glad I brought a jacket cause this weather is windy
I'ma keep asking, keep knocking on doors, keep rattling cages until I get an answer.
Today is a beautiful day
Because you don't want to say goodbye!
Did you have a good visit?
Can I get a follow bak; ?
night thanks for not rubbing it in my face 3
Those 2nd string LB's are not exactly inspiring confidence.
Stop by booth 318 and register for our new PD website!
up and on like a lightswitch
QUESTION  Do you TIP a waiter/waitress if they are rude and nasty?
Also, whats a good weight loss supplement?
Imitation is the best form of flattery!
I love it when others try to be like The Sports Rabbi!
But there is only one!
Stop gushing already, you're getting my shoes wet...
not since last year, as far as I know.
I'm just revisiting their albums.
Oh also in bed on a Friday night at 11pm.
I'm loosing my street cred
Watching my dvr of shabazz muhammad and nerlens noel decision .
.
Bazz acted odd.
Guess he was super nervous
Not really a fan of twitter.
Help him out folks!
RT 10 more followers and I reach 2600!
Make it happen, friends!
help a brother out.
Hello Everyone.
I'm woke now
yay!!
Love secondfiddle  all things Nashville.
Be sure to go to Roberts western world too!
been several months since I've been truly active on twitter, been producing a web series, we premiere in 10 days!
I beat it up up up up
shit they are NOT me lol
Heh, I know, right?!
Weekends?
What are those?
Watch City Treasurer Stephanie Neely on Perspective tomorrow at Noon
Going to Cleveland , scared for my life ,
I'm fine how r u
whoop whoop , college grad on these hoes lol
Haha good question RT : If is RGI, and Robert Griffin is WHERE in the WORLD is RGII?
That's right!
You will be hooked on survivor for life now
Asjamsjdowksmnsma that's how I feel
Goals make life exciting!
What are your goals for 2012?
im done trying so hard, what ever happens happens
SUPERNATURAL time 3 :
In 1942,Wartime gasoline rationing went into effect in 17 Eastern states, limiting sales to three gallons a week for nonessential vehicles.
story of your life
We have a big mediation tomorrow!
I've been waiting...
Woohoo looks like we happened 2 be ur 1,000th follower!
Congrats and Happy Friday!
:
Yes!
Just ate a bagel!
Let's see if it upsets my tummy or not :/
by the way..
in case some of you were wondering...
September 17th is the day Cody is having his concert in san diego..
please step up your produce game no fun buying a box of strawberries and finding half of them are bad
3'S A CHARM HAIR STUDIO IS LOOKING A NAIL TECH SO IF ANYBODY KOWS ONE HAVE HER CALL 8163592253 THX
Happy New Year to you!
Young Californian Is Plotting to Become CommanderinChief of Chinese Rebel Forces  learn more at www.homerlea.org
where can I find make chips?
That sounds great
3 pronged pitch: initial post, event itself, post event.
Fort myers sucks.
Posting signs for sister's lost dog.
Have you seen him?
Black cockapoo.
White patch on chest.
Last seen in Englewood, CO area on 9/30.
What the fuck foursquare!?
Where's my gawdam badge?
pot guys?
How much worse can my day get
I wanna go swimming 3
haha I didn't even do anything there taking this way to far!
No fist pumping, middle fingers to sky..
Wow, the ending of the Celtics  Hawks game was ridiculous.
Heading to work.
Today I'm a
hey its not my faul i left my gyn bag in my locker and and least i want to smell fresh!!
5FreeSongs form where
lets all get along...We all want OkcThunder to win a Chip.LetsGetIt!
I miss Portland sports radio.
I haven't been able to find a good one here.
I know that there is one but I just haven't found it
Gave Kev the post bar option of Father of the Bride 1 or 2 or Final destination.
I'm forced to watch
3WordsOfAdvice use a rubber.
You guys in NYC anytime soon, Gravy?
RT : Beer is the best pairing for cheese.
It's carbonation releases lipids from tongue  palate cleanser
HARD WORK PAYS OFF
You got it.
Thanks for having me on the show again, I had a great time!
I'D DO POLITE THINGS TO HER SO HARD!
jelly belly
Suiting up for the luncheon with DePaul Fr Holtschneider  world's diplomats in Chicago.
Just had my last dance team dinner ever!
So sad!
If you are in NYC this weekend, try to catch some DWF alum films  'El Bolerito', 'Closing Doors',  'Una Carrerita Doctor'  playing at...
Just walked out of our Web Design Meeting..
The new YAS site is going to be amazing..
stay tuned..
I have got to get out more often.
Getting an estimate for hail damage.
Along with the rest of the world.
:D i love you more sexy chellupa
why would you make an account like this.
Do you know what it's like not having a parent around?
It's horrible.
Your horrible
Please contact regarding your desire to volunteer.
Thanks!
hahaha :D I have a case for you.
I first got my twitter may 10, 2009 ..
I'm 1 of your biggest fans on Earth!
Met u in Chicago a few years back, those PRT albums are still classic!
Salute!
Couldn't have said it better Most prob dont care, but I'm sure many can tell u about the latest Kardashian episode
Double trouble will get you just that
indeed Folk's!
1 Love!
:
Thought starter: Wouldn't a wood fire pizza hit the spot tonight?
Swing by and grab dinner...or order take out 7305030.
Discuss...
I'm working on the Weight Loss Plateau Buster sales page.
It's time to get the best weight loss plateau busting program to the world.
running out of time!!!
Lover of all beautiful bitches
yup over 40 hour work week last week.
Dad, Im hungry.
Hi, Hungry.
Im DAD.
Dad, Im serious.
I thought you were Hungry?
Are you kidding me?
No, Im Dad.
Imy dad!
We will do anything for people we like and trust.
Be trust worthy through consistency and steadfast character.
I liked Sarkozy tho.
He had swag and had the hottest first lady ANY president in the world will ever have.
Omg I can't sleep after watching insidious...mad scared
if you guys find a ride im cumin w/ youu  ill ask my frann if she can give us one !
FF TeamOtenki Follow us and get the inside scoop on a personal level!
The 24 hour live show was amazing today thank you very much and for doing it, my week was made so much better 3
RT : I hope some rapper on twitter becomes fascinated with Downton Abbey.
Speaks truth homie!
:
being alone isnt anything new to me.
Saturday morn coffee
Today I did a total of 81 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups Andoctorid app.
Too Many Female Groupies!!!
ha ha okay man.
Your super funny
La Planeta wines always very good.
Nice to taste them here.
Today is the day AxeOff USA will debut  the Hard Rock in New Orleans.
The ONLY CURRENT GUITAR PLAYING CONTEST IN NEW ORLEANS.
C U THERE!!
Nearly peed myself just now...had a little earthquake here!
Wishes u  motherearth a wonderful
you can join in mocking my almost complete inability to doctorw  my ridiculous mental leaps
Apperantly all the seniors got they're tux at Tommy's.
Mode of the day!
Harmonic Minor Scale from the 5th Degree is called a Mixolydian b9, b13.
Use over Dom 7.
Very Spanish!
: congrats Awarded for tenacious effort.
Die hard fans continue to Believe.
7 Wins!
9 to go.
YES WE DO!
Oh wait, I'm an idiot.
That's what your link was.
LAWLS
oh ok and has he played yet?
Midnight should earn about 4.3 in the UK
Just send you some beats!
If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, thank you, that would suffice.
Meister Eckhart
Had a doctornken 2:30am discussion with Lost's Matthew Fox last night at Tony's.
Pretty hilarious talk.
I love this city.
I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have.
Leonardo da Vinci  Talk about perfectionism!
ahaha, true about many hot guys unfortunately.
He can only open to blow.
:
Great game Lady Raiders!!!!
which microsoft framework?
ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina How Stella Got Her Vagina Back
likes to spam the dash lol ;D
When boys sing Boyfriend 
If payback a bitch how u get even ?
Please Follow Me Back!!!!!
Love Ya, My GRANDman 3
RT : Very excited about the and particularly about one of my alltime favorite characters:
The traffic in Austin is crazy.
Traffic jam on campus.
I will always remember this day.
Up early just for the graduation.
No time for food.
fuck yeah...there is a new app on our facebook page, you will be our first order.
Will you be able to the wcv show?
211info.org is the ultimate Portland resource for finding comprehensive human and community services information.
How's everyone's Saturday night?
haha you're crazy bud.
How the hell have you been?
Yeah it did die down a little this year.
: S/o to for coming  visiting me while I sell shaved ice.
loveyou bff missyoualready love  miss you too 
I had tweetdeck but swtiched back to plain ole twitter app.
b/c when I travel I am just monitoring and little generation.
Glad Arizona beat the spread.
More glad the Cavs beat Detroit.
Thanks for following us!
How's everything going today?!
thanks for following Packrads.
We have an International patent, let's do a beta down under?
Omw bac to vegas home sweet home
i got you under my skin!
News: Apple CEO Tim Cook says interest in iPhone app development has increased 100fold in the last 27 minutes.
me either!
:
Say it to my face
neverhappens RT : I'm just happy when the five people in my family have on the same shade.
The SuperBowl people should be bitch slapped for having Madonna perform
I'm not a fan of hers but I do love doctorp Dead Gorgeous.
Kirstie Alley is hilarious too.
Tonight!
The IPA Good Times Jam Band!
Come on out and have a listen!
It's also WING NIGHT!
38 cent Wings 69 and Happy Hour Pints until 9!
what are you doing saturday???
Me And Mornings Are Not Friends...
right, it looks like it.
But also there are two large bands that waste a lot of space.
may be room for future ads?
It's starting .
.
.
Come aboard.
People be killing me fuck my daddy or fuck my sperm donor like he help make you to if he neva did nothing wit yo mama you wouldn't be here
awesome!!
Thanks
you are preaching to the choir my friend..
ImA get you a quality pair of earplugs
right past that sadness..is the brightest future..so dwell only for a moment sis...peace  love
Haha.
Hoping he'd head out your way?
lol I miss you guy, so what did people do for there plays?
It's depressing how a Buffalo Wild Wings opening in Detroit is getting so much press, especially amid accusations of fixing sporting events
Spending today setting up for 's annual AllStaff event.
It's going to be incredible.
i was kidding!!
i still want to talk to you!!!
Is it weird that all he had to do to make me jump and smile was say See ya nikki: ??
Underdog again!
ok.
night
Done and done!
Let me affect you and infect you with my LOVING HEART.
Then, let's spread it like a wildfire and blame it on God.
Lakers taking the L
Anyway, suggestions for not throwing my shoe at the screen welcomed.
oh daily Calvin  Hobbes what would i do without you.
I vote for Say it Ain't Snowe
ah people are you not listening to labor testimony?
ca coastal  lawsuits etc.
that's true!
Tweet at me, if you have anything you'd like to discuss
Can I still submit even if I am New York based?
Aruba June 30th and FL October 11th!!!
New plan...put off getting a job until the end of the summer and travel to all of the MLB parks
I can't pull a single pav for alpine phish Livenation can suck it!
A planted thought sprouts a tree of curiousity.
the pastor is our father ami helped me alot!
;
The usual!
Hit me up one day bro, I miss you :D
Thanks for the visit!!!
Thanks for following us By the way, awesome teddy bears!
new video on youtube :
We are going to!!!
pretending that bamboozle isn't happening/doesn't exist 
Starving at work!!!
:
If everybody loves you, something is wrong.
You can't please everybody!
Signed up for updates.
I will definitely check it out once you launch and add it to my post!
Thanks for the heads up.
NF follow back
3rd Winning Pick  NFL Week 15..
49ers/Eagles..TakeTheOver...Eagles are a scoring machine...49er D weak on the road...lotta points!
Just one time.
Thats all I ask for
Wife is at a horse show.
Please don't buy a horse.
Please.
I like where this is going
Can't wait to see the new digs!
RT : Loving the new office at the John Hancock!
My guess for the mascot is
Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate at Meridian Yoga DC every Mondays and Saturdays.
There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach.
3
Man it's taking all I have inside me to not squeeze my phone in the palm of my hand until it shatters into shards.
no, i'll be in austin this weekend!
i guess that's what i get for leaving
Want high professorle work done on high professorle projects?
nice vid brother seemd like your back at the heart...
rock on brother call sometime dont be a stranger
I'm so socially awkward
Seriously can't get of the new album!
rocknroll Look it up!!
I'm just sayin...I think the Wolves would much rather face Dov than Markstrom...GrumetMorris hasn't started since mid March.
YW!
RT Thanks for the shout out !
I swear to god this shit gives me goosebumps no homo
Favorite part of my morning was my coworker screaming OH MY GOD!
THERE IS A PLANE RIDING ON TOP OF ANOTHER PLANE!
nahy le umy go tomorrow lol ay stick ur head out ur window n tell me if u smell smoke
Can you private message us your student number so we can see what's going on?
Looks like your Ky.
Cats are going to dodge a bullet in the 1st round.
Loyola expected to get a 15 seed.
Thanks We worked hard last night!
Glad you were there with me.
how about keep your mouth shut.
you don't know crap about me.
you won't regret it.
you're lucky i don't know you personally, hun.
Frank Haddad Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Special shout out to my old hs team Miramonte for smashing Campolindo in Boys Varsity soccer 21, Mats4life..
TGIF!
Have a great weekend!
Freedom Ford is open all weekend so come on in and take advantage of our BIG tire sale!
Up to 100 cash rebate!
She's not sure of what she wants...
She just wants me to give it to her
When chicks ask who this when they know they got yo number saved in they phone .
Don't get it twisted I show respect to everyone but if your going to disrespect me then Like MortalKombat Imma finish you!
WOW I look like shit today
congrats!
That looks glorious.
Only a sliced strawberry in the flute would make that better!
epic shades
Happy SundayFunday!
Come by SundaysontheGreen for some cool vendors, live music, us!
and so much more!
Will be there 28pm!
Jason Born ;D
Sleeping  Reality  teamfollowback
6 MILLION LOVATICS!
3 I love you my angel.
your crazy if you miss the forest man all the family will be there.
It's without a doubt gonna be Epic!
Three nights of camping..
Hooooooraaaaaay!
Hello train!
Love me some 8am sales meeting!
If a black person goes to work on time, has a sunny disposition, a smile on his face, and a great attitude, he'll probably be called fake.
NP Freaky by ...
The My Darling Nicki sample still bangs!!!
Tweet me :D boredd at school
Coldest and most miserable baseball games ever
networking lol what r u up to!?
You annoy me!
we're here
Someone make me pasta 
nah, they'd call it apples  apples I bet, though.
their avatar isn't helpful either.
happy weekend to our fave followers what do u all do?we help the mentally disabled keep jobs/be independent
: : Can anybody in 757 doctorve in the rain  yeah but I'm from 215 tho..434 all day u been there!
Ha
Mark your calendars!
Juilliard Jazz Ensembles are performing the music of Horace Silver on Tuesday, Nov.
1  8PM at Paul Hall
...Tallgrass  2 unique firkins, Tyranena Brewery  Scurvy  next week; Furthermore Fatty Firkin Friday.
Stay tuned for more details....
4C11 learned a lot about peer review yesterday in focus group discussion w/ really creative teachers.
Wish I was teaching Monday to try
the wallets wide open tonight
Titanic and Battleship Barbie were the best.
Please send us one!
My dad is making me try saki at PF Changs.
but not to English..
blessed thank you and u?
Saw a guy last night swinging dumbbells like they were golf clubs.
No, but my other half does, which makes me a busy single mom for a week.
Are you going?
Ugh some people are so fucking stupid it makes me sick
That was Miami/Boston Over was as EASY as it gets guys!
We LOVE winning plays with 8 minutes to go in the game!
GM Tweety Pies.
Getting the hair done before I hit the road with
Them niggas that be tryna cake all the damn time be the ones being hoes .
i pray for the something every night i wonde if god hears me he knows where my thoughts are i tell him i just wanna be happy again
The 8 yr old: Mom, how did Juliet know Romeo was her One?
Me: Because he made her want to kill herself.
Idk she is being a butt face /:
Happy Monday!
Hope you had a wonderful St.
Patrick's weekend!!!
yes!
Good memory and thank you!
Happy Birthday :
god is always by your side no matter what I will keep you in my prayers :
Right back at you!
I love my name!
real recognize real brahh.
RT Be part of AchieversTweet in  successmagazine .
Tweet your best sales tip.
: Now leaving Sheboygan...alive!
phew!!!!
hey : how are you?
I'm calling it right now  'wanderingkids' is this year's 'kidsfallingoutofwindows.' Mark my words.....
Yo , sorry I was le dead yesterday.
My primer is almost complete...
should I backdate to yesterday or just this morning?
Well, begs to differ.
Some serious competition.
work, work, work
quooores I WANNA BE IN UR TEAM :D
: New Naish boards came in today!
Come in and check them out!
Skate night tonight!!!
Advertise and network your business on MyBizXchange.com!
Bring on the
haha...
Britains got talent...
record that shit for me :
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'.
Robert Paul
This is true.
And dumb.
: In Virginia, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.
Very Cool!
And great to hear!
Some amazing things happening in my life...NEVER give up on your doctorams!
doctoram BIG friends!
We only bring each other tears and sorrow./3
Greatly appreciate the RT on our upcoming Career Fair in
Already back at the hotel for the night...
hiding behind the couch so i dont have to get up and answer the door...
so....this is how you spend your days off?....whats next?
Facebook?
For the record it wasn't me :
too bad I got a zaba bowl which is better than your little ass burrito
Thomas Leonard Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
Jim Rohn
Any word on Chris Bosh's return?
I'm so into doctorw Something.
Its hard in my iphone though.
Wanna play?
yes with your mouth closed AT THE SAME DAM TIME
On a dark, desert highway..
Cool wind in my hair :
Yes, after two years of incredible campaigns we are ramping up for the biggest springtime advocacy season ever.
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime :
i love when u say that:p
RMFT!
: This day is for the REAL mothers, not the I wanted to have sex and ended up with IT mothers.
so she was half naked with tattoos and a snapback on?
If it doesn't involve you, don't get involved.
Motley Crue's Wild Side.
It was a great weekend for new followers!
Hello everyone!
: , , , , !
Ha!
Someone is just afraid you might decide to make dinner.
i am on the waitlist for tomorrow!!!!!
can't wait to see you!!!!
That image doesn't answer that question, but I would like to know the answer.
Your worth all of me, your worth every falling tear, your worth facing any fear, your gonna know all my love ever if its not enough.
Lol yeah it's such a classic song
Everyone should check out and add the people .
I met Jolie and Mike from the site over the weekend.
Truly two awesome people
lol by stop I actually meant keep goin with the YouWasSexyUntil tweets
Rangers' Girardi and Staal go on offensive The Rangers waited a long time for Marc Staal to return to the lineup this season, and they in
bows At your service.
Can you guys venture to the city tomorrow night????
RT : Join for a sustainable lifestyle event for women 5/21  5/22 at The Nines.
Save 225 by mentioning MindShare:...
: why be reduced?
RT followers why I'm so reduced?
sucks..
Painting the railings brown.
They are starting to look like big pieces of chocolate now.
Yea sun doctorp girl...shake that back.
Happy birthday you ugly as fuck nigga
NOW FOLLOWING
Moho Collective, Extended Family, Son of the Sun,  Last Note on The Shakedown tomorrow night at 8pm on 98.9 The Buzz!
Jack Black should be casted to play Ronnie Van Zant.
He was born to play the role.
Going to Bosco's for mother's day brunch!
Interviewer Mike Brown, how are you slowing them down?
Brown I don't know coaching the lakers, in a nutshell.
lol.
Thanks for following back :D
why should Trayvon have to answers zimmermans questions he was being stalked by a person he didnt know that wasnt a cop
HumanCentipede2 is easily the best movie of all time.
I am feeling oddly to do some sort of art and crafts project today.
Free Edge/Pole Pad up to 299 Value PLUS 300 Off Signature Series GoalSetter Basketball sale ends 2/24 in Cincinnati or Powell locations
funny I got a lush shipment in today too!!!
Tis the season!
K.
I'll start walking
whenever, I'm down.
Have you used your new clubs?
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson 3 love you bro
Throw some milk on her.
Lick it off.
Hoe.
Ha.
I told my oldest that Boston Celtic players kick puppies.
And I feel no shame in that.
At all.
am sure the spam is helping, but you know what?
That's GOOD.
Spread the word, spammers!
Go,
Thinking about big plans....
At the Blue Bayou for lunch....fancy.
Want to learn about the latest in dentistry?
Visit www.ada.org
Al is a great representative for the OAA!
Historic trends: Dupont Legal Model  Convergence  Offshore service centers  AFAs  ACC Value Challenge
JES!
Thanks man.
no way in HELL doctorves or even comfortably fits in that hybrid...seats all the way back and his knees are to the roof!!
Williams Setzers Graphic Design Wins Disney Opus Award.
Eyes  Ears that the DWCF issue of EE receiv
YOU inspire me in SO MANY ways.
You are a beacon and a star.
life goal: to touch one of the german boys hair.
Playing with Facebook's New Timeline...
What do you guys think of it?
oh tell her i said hai :
A girl's legs are her best friends, but the best of friends must part.
achoo...what happened?
Snif, snif.
I was in perfect health yesterday  today I have all the yucky sypmtoms of the common cold.
I'm excited to work with a trainer tomorrow.
Nervous, too.
People make the world go round...
She's hot!
Noo, she isn't a temperature.
wake up and smell the coffee!!!!
NDSA heard at / NDSA partners mtg, digital preservation is a lifestyle
This hurt my head.
RT : The HAL 9000 was named by subtracting 1 from the name of the IBM 10000
Thanks for the follow!
We have a lot of exciting things coming up in the next few months.
We'll keep you posted!
There are more things in Heaven and Earth ...
Idk why the only teacher trying to cram a shit load of work in is Keating when every other teacher is pretty much done for the year 
I hope you enjoyed!
RT : I'm about to eat some subway.
lOl i havent eaten Zaxby's in about two weeks thanks to :D
At least my grandma is here
FL AG Pam Bondi to use your tax dollars to ensure women have high cost of basic health care.
Way to look after consumers Pam...
Sometimes I wish technology was absent from my life for at least a day
Going golfing and coming back with more balls than you started with 
Celebrating the Boston Globe  Horn Book Awards tonight at Simmons College!
why?
Aren't you using my credit card?
LOL
So, you liked it when I said you have luxurious hair, but we're offended when I said you have flowing pubes?
Learn to take a compliment.
IfWeAreInARelationship you need to know that I sleep in a vat of yogurt.
trying to figure this out!!!!
Even The Weather Channel is talking about Joe Paterno.
Wine Fact: A Balthazar is an oversized wine bottle that holds 16 standard wine bottles.
I would like to send a shot out to the Madison Fire Dept.
for all their work shuttling doctornks off to detox.
When Lil yo come home we gone str8 ball out..until then I'm just sitting back
all good choices.
Never been to NO or Montreal.
Any would be fun!
I remember those days when Vampires were scary.
Getting ready to start a productive week AUDITION Acting and killer workouts!
I think you're going to have to come visit us instead...
i'm not carrying anything with me this time.
which unfortunately means i won't have the new HG at TCAF.

I think it might be Erin go Bragh but you were close enough.
:
you should let me use the bugatti...
That way I can make sure the oil changes are done on time
Surrey wickets are falling faster than Andoctorw Lansley's public support.
Good morning errybody!
coming to cali soon?
I admit that I miss youu xo c:
Just arrived to in Chantilly, VA
Don't like Wednesday.
but you love me ;
I just sent Dan Duquette the same gift I give all new GMs.
The gift of dance.
billionaire jazz hands!
maybe i should wear purple today  it will match the circles under my eyes.

1996, Columbia Records doctorp Country Legend Johnny Cash from their roster of artists, he had been with the label 26 years 
I am looking for individuals/businesses who want to make 100 for every business referral that signs up.more info
is the best place.
I need to go back.
I support the idea of clones for both of you.
I hate taking the
: Wow.
The meatballs sandwich at is fantastic!
thanks!
Jake's favorite.
Bringing high quality, short run, NYC style theatre to a local NJ venue yet again.
Morgans Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
good to meet you on here!
I used to call myself the Worst Missionary Ever  now I know there's a Very Worst out there.
I'm with Mix947austin, still have room for Pandora Tuesday press?
was channeling during my final on music of Japan, China, Korea, and Okinawa for Andy Sutton just now.
why doesn't Matt Ryan go long to Roddy White?
He is always throwing deep to Julio.
Easy read for CB.
DBs sit on Roddy's routes.
i know i know i promised yall round here would doctorp this week,but i feel like i give yall this single first n then doctorp the bomb!
Miami's largest 2day business conference for women is heading down to the Gables' Miracle Theater!
Over 700 women  Miami's smartest,...
Great presentation on networking from !
Thanks
Yvonne Manipon, mixed media reuse teaching artist w/ , and , hosts tonight's ArtWalk...
OH at NBA Legends Brunch Technology is exciting.
And exhausting, trying to keep up!
patiently waiting for Madison to DM me back...
Hello Daniel.
The Boys appreciate the follow.
We'll share news on product, making homes greener and safer.
Oh fuck naw.
He fell off the roof again 
NHL cancels Young Stars tournament and overseas games for next season.
Not good at all.
Preparing for a
We got football back!
Now if we can get online poker back that would be a good end to a screwed up year.
nah he looks like a fuckin garden gnome
you probably wont it just happens....something is in the back if your mind and ut keeps bothering you
I need to get my truck washed!
not sure i agree.
I say we do what we can to get businesses here.
I walked into band late today and got no detention
: Hey!
I had biscuits  gravy for dinner too...go figure..lol..sending u an update email shortly!
Look for it plz!
There's only one I know of, actually  Matthew Luke Sandoval.
I live in hope that one day there will be more to collect!
Just because your friends don't always talk to you, doesn't mean they hate you..
Great!
RT : Excited to learn more about Would love to connect and chat Monday!
:
Thanks for the follow.
and back at ya
she did i didnt !!
i pretty much stayed sober the whole night!!
i dont like getting doctornk so i dont
We are on our way home.
I dont know why but it feels like I'm going home after being gone for a really long run.
What you know about them Texas Boyz?
will you guys be attending in May?
We will be there checking out the show floor with
What are yyou studying with the Purple Cone flowers?
oh we're jealous...oh wait!
We're in that list!
Thank you so much!
Another food truck Friday at cathedoctorl square.
brewernation show us your beastmode and get 1 off any order more than 5
I just can't understand the hate surrounding marvinsroom and trustissues takecare might be the dopest album this fall
My mom texting
I KNOW!
It's about time!
So stoked for us and you.
I epitomize lame.
RT : Lame excuse.
TTG TRAIN TO GO
morphCARD is up.
A new, a better way to gift card.
Exchange unwanted gift cards.
Buy cards online.
Keep cards organized.
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 1718 .
Join Us?
Vacation in one of the world's most exciting citie
Spent three hours last night trying to figure out how to make the NES Zelda theme my ringtone.
Now if only someone would call...
come see her I'm at home
Where is the nicest Greek place in Seattle?
Having hot coco!:
Sure do!
Thursdays at 7 on !
RT : KCTS has a Check Please?!
I used to love that show on WTTW.
He likes it!!
it's kinda like baby food but it's good
Let's meditate together either here or in Joliet soon.
Had WAY too much food....Im going to go die now.
Happy to sponsor the TalkNYC social and mobile conference in the hub of global advertising
As soon as it gets time to count the cash doctorwers on a Thursday night my thirst reaches an unbearable level.
Listen up folks, follow my boys from and the next time you need autobody repair work, receive 10 off...
Follow them now!!!
City Fire Academy EMS program suspended bc of cheating ...
scary.
Happy New Year!
YES all my doctorams : Yes, George RR Martin will indeed be signing books after his talk at ala12
the security guard thought you guys were tourists?
:P
Now that you're dead it's kinda
Does the weekend to start on Thursday or Friday?
Regardless, TONIGHT is LADIES NIGHT at Whiskey Chicks!
All ladies free beer from 1011
Made Brownies from scratch for the first time!
It worked!
Just had a three way conversation w/ over email, facebook, and twitter at the same time.
yeah haha Vegas does alright!
Lol
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair.
Hillary Clinton
HAPPY FIRST DAY OF SPRING!!!
Finally I can take a swim!
Headed to Hotel Andaluz!
something is better than nothing.
Our Haiti earthquake one year report is now available online  www.medicalteams.org/haitireport.
Thank you, all, for your support!
Beautiful time to visit the wineries of Georgia and North Carolina.
Cool and beautiful weather here.
Wow!
doctorver moves on.!
...nah it'd probably be both of you.
fuckin' WHO WANKED IN THEIR BOXERS LAST NIGHT.
Hi, Noah!
It's about people.
With guns.
And sniper rifles.
It's a whole people/gun thing.
that's cute cj.
Are ya shedding?
Is it just me or does Blake Griffin look like the love child of Bobby Flay and Frank Gore?
Watching someone you love , love someone else , is just pure agony.
Mamasaid When it comes to my money my car my kids and my man STAND MY GROUND reguardless of what the situation is hmmp!
I will have to translate this one, will be interesting; thanks!
The is tentatively set to open at 3 pm this afternoon.
mister.Obama aka First Lady, I have twitted your husband about Black people need to STOP using the N word Nia/Nier.
HELP
Why do people change their twitter names 93839292 times?
Like wtf.
There needs to be a limit.
Wow, wish him well for me!
Rickie Weeks did not have a good first swing.
He forgot to hit the ball.
Buying Las Vegas Luxury Home Foreclosure at Auction
In class doing absolutely nothing 
Your the closest to heaven that ill ever be
Enjoyed this post.
Hope you're following me as well.
Kind wishes.
Check out Eminems new album Bad Meets Evil new 2011
SWEAR!!!That's Childish
my guess is 127
Lost All My 750 Of My Contacts In My Phone Send Me A Text With Your Name And Number.
Please
With today's win, Cavs only 4.5 games behind division leading Bulls.
Clearly cough cough there for the cough taking...
anytime, captainin Awesome!!!
Sorry we missed you!!!
How is the Post's app?
Haven't tried it.
Website maddening enough already.
Women don't know what they want..
Men don't know what they have..
The way a LOT of women act NOW is from the actions of men...so called men
Garb of justice
8 free games for us next year!!!
It's embarrassing to accidentally unmute Angry Birds while playing it in the men's room stall at work.
Or so I'm told.
You're very special...
Like a retarded kid.
Only in wrestling can smart and internet crowd be used in the same sentence without irony.
I wish I could backspace my mistakes,  delete unwanted memories.
The Basia Show is now following our friend Dwayne Bravo.
Touchdown!!!!
GO POKES!
Be quick, but don't hurry
Some of the bodies received heavy blows, caused by large implements Tree trunks?
Really?
Were they attacked by giants?
Third night homeless third hotel tough life you'll find me trying out the bar stools in the lounge with a cocktail in my hand
Harvard Libraries major restructure.
Very scary.
Will def be following

thanks for an awesome kegger and auction.
Love the earrings I won!
The Mango team is busy gearing up for an exciting announcement on Wednesday.
Can you guess what's coming up?
Care for a few hints?
Don't you ever believe.
word is the hold up is Cal trying to work out a deal with Memphis for assistant Tony Barbee to be his replacement
Zuckerberg only wanted Instagram because he heard that the Winklevoss brothers bought Hipstamatic and he wanted the same thing but better.
good luck on that test brah
Savannah Guthrie is hilarious!
She needs to get more segments!
What???
They gave up 4.33 goals per game in that series.
D was Swiss cheese and Bryz couldn't stop a beach ball.
If AJ had made the tradeNick Canepa would have classified the move as the best SD trade in twenty years.
Remember social awkwardness at 7th grade dances?
Yeah it's a lot like that.
mother efffer why are we so broke.
well we only need 20 between the 3 of us..
we can just bump dollars off randoms
DOWNLOAD YOURGIRLDOESPARTY IN TWO HOURS NEW MIXTAPE HOT ASS GUESTS ON IT.
Its free.
He is a poor son whose sonship does not make him desire to serve all men's mothers.
Harry Emerson Fosdick
Do you have a favorite bear from a book?
Baloo, Baby Bear.
Corduroy, maybe Paddington Bear  which one do you remember?
This tweet is intentionally blank, except for this brief text message.
Yes it does
Best fast food salads...
or the newest doctornk at Jamba Juice
The biggest party downtown is  Sky Lounge Night Club on 2nd.
St.
Washington.Tonight 18 , 4 Dj's playing the best Hip hop  top 40 music
MAY THE FOURTH BE WITH YOU.
sounds like a nice server :
miss another day n ima cry bro swear.
Mimi said she might make one.
:
Crude Oil Prices Fall To Lowest Level In Months via
My girl takes 4ever
Now Im thirsty...
I never eazy cause of that reason alone.....lol.
it is lovely having you back home, and having over to doctornk really bad wine.
Washington should stick to Syrah!
Wahhhhh someone nurse me back to health...
The Top 20 Greatest San Francisco Musicians: The Complete List
dont be sad your Mahomies are here for you and when we see you sad it makes us sad so please cheer up baby 3
thanks for the follow.
: I knw ain't sleep up cuz she on dat grave yard Lerkin getting my paper
I still love that I met at SXSW12.
Haven't gotten up nerve to email him re campaign for in Nice Jewish Guys 2013.
Looking forward to working w/my new student assistant starting today  hopefully creating another archives convert!
2  years in Baltimore  the Wire cast member sighting has finally happened: Kima Greggs, Charles Village FedEx store.
Swoon.
Yet again she tweeted symmetry, proportion, harmony, and regularity
You rang?
So, it's for fun but these Zynga players are actually spending a lot of money.
thank you.
I went up to krogers they talm bout they gone hire me and i aint hear shit im finna hop on dat white girl and start my own binez
MT : Clearly I can't make anyone watch thesingoff, but if ACappella, singing or good music is your thing check out NBC at 8pm!
So, what are u up to?asks the person in the adjacent toilet
I'm burning myself out...
But I know if I push through this, I will find power within.
The only thing getting me through this day is the fact that I'm excused from 8th and 9th
Time to tweet!
Were I ever in the position to take them up on their escapes, I would, too!
Have you ever been on one?
had cheese  meat.
Simple but it looked good.
Let's see what else we can find.
The fruit is a must have.
On bridezilla..I would be the only nigga to go HAM and call off
BaaHahaHaaa...these Smuts r hilarious
thank you sir!!!
: Strongly missing and at the moment...
we miss you too!
Absolutely right.
ABC showed class by not replaying wreck until McClure's condition was known.
Little kids, broo...
these days!
Wishing I had some chocolate covered raisins left...
Or any candy...
y'all need to find JESUS!!
lls....whats gucci wit y'all pretty ladies!?!
Ordering a Soft Trap instrumental from Ellis
Personally I'm always ready 2 learn, although I dont always like being taught.
Ha!
Had a blast on Sat.
fawn tavern!
Thanks all!
Voodoo
admitit your avatar is the best photo that you have,V
yeah but that's just the tip of the iceberg
is it a good look for anyone???
And no, the moms seem immune.
Headed out to see the avengers this afternoon....
Damn!
We just heard that Porcelain Raft doctorpped off the White Denim show in Madison tonight.
Buns are without a doubt the best hairstyle known to women.
Looking for a Junior HR rep with 23yrs exp for CMG email me at The job is also posted on linkedin
well, he's an OSU fan and he thinks his car is a wrecking tool.
Haha.
this is my favorite golf course...
actually love it
Jumping in DiRT3.
The more previews I see for Showdown the more I am leaning towards not purchasing the game : I want DiRT4!
what happened to Campbells hair?
he look good !
Christian look soo hot!
ha.
i was probably wrong.
ConfessionNight I live in ATL!!!
Peace up...
A town down!!!
Honestly I think he is going to have a bigger year than me this year.
I don't get why I put everyone before my self and end up feeling stupid
Just reread my last tweet.
I said it was a DM.
It should have been sent in an email.
Thanks for your patience!
that i used my apple magic trackpad to learn how to change its batteries makes sense.
what doesn't?
they lasted 1 month.
Alright.
I've overclocked my gpu too much apparently.
My PC is gonna go up in flames.
Thanks for following me LuckybatBooks!
RT : We were proud to be part of this amazing event!
Been thuggin all my life cant say i dont deserve to take a break .
WHOA!!!!
// RT : ...Bobcats will interview Mike Dunlap, associate head coach at St.
John's U
If followed me for my cousins bday gift SHE WILL BE THE HAPPIES GIRL EVER CAUSE SHE LOVES PEYTON A LOT
Prayers out to everyone now...God bless!
T Plush.
T minus 10 minutes w
vat .
I checked online that Im close to being overweight but your saying Im fat.
Well thanks mom .: l
come out!
were u at bro
Thanks alot MillerCoors  the youngster now busting out with the 'Miller 64' sea chant at random moments
niners better smash on the giants bring the agame fellas
Your the most annoying person in the world.
Happy Birthday John Butler you fool.
You are greatly missed.
Jesus Christ
What a beautiful day!!!!
Developers: How do you use social media?
How can we help you?
Facebook says you're 23 so...
That is one option.
Having a bad attitude will not get you the position you want to play.
Watchingg This Moviee Called The Good Witch:
The format is a little wacky, but a good start!
Golfers are only able to make an eagle or an hole in one with the help of friendly otherworlders that love golf  those golfers.
Thanks for the follow, Janaya.
ME!!!!
you know the one who LOVES ...
yeah who you said
Sleep is for people who only have one nervous system.
S/O to and his Clippers.
Beat Spurs, Sincerely a Mavericks fan
Way to go RGIII!
don't lie
congratulations Michelle  what age group are you writing for?
I'm sorry but the Yotes are boring even if they get past Hawks don't see them besting Blues or Preds
are you home?
Ohmigosh  have you seen the tweettapestry at SJMQT by ?
It's so cool  tweet a color and the tapestry turns that color!
Q2 keep client focused on identified need and learning objective.
This helps discard unnecessary bells and whistles
Students want to do something that could impress future employers, constantly updating their eportfolios  Shelly McCoy
Boker tov to Day 2 of the Wexner Grad Fellows Orientation at pearlstone!
Happy to be with
Great first tp12.
Really interesting to see all the different loglines, see what works, what doesn't.
Kudos.
stupid is as stupid does
I can't make any promises..what time is the party?
Today was a good day!!
LJ is a great American.
Yes, indeedy!
John Short.
interesting indeed.
not surprising, but definitely interesting!
esp re:privacy issues.
like a digital Up Series?
wow
and as much nutritional value as catsup...
: Good news, everybody!
Pepper spray is a vegetable, too!
You did not see that movie on a plane, you liars.
see you there!
is cooking Bulgarian banitsa...m
I thought I was the only one that didn't care for it.
Omg.
Finally, I'm not the only one.
I ignored the internets for a few days.
Apparently Kirk Cameron is still alive.
My sun sesh was cut too short with : Time to go pick up Bella  take her to her vet appointment.
let them have divisiveness.
It's all they've got.
my dog is too high class for sugar cookies, she prefers cocaine ;
12,000 lobbyists...
535 Members of Congress.
One hundoctord serve in U.S.
Senate, while 435 serve in the U.S.
House of Representatives.
: your avi  thanks for the follow : no thank you
Thanks for the follow...here's to sharing some great quotes!
WATCH ME GET THE LYRICS WRONG
Tyler the Creator punk'd The Wanted their first time in America??!
Yeah, that'll make us look great.
that is awesome!
no one jus made a status on fb look at it
About to watch armegeddon and get on shitcam Stickam lol, I really wish my phone had service
time to buy your sweet life ticket.
get.
on.
it.
otherwise i'm getting one for you.
I think I'm getting too old to wear heels.
LOL RT GOD THIS NON RETINA LAPTOP DISPLAY IS LIKE STARING AT A JUMBOTRON POINT BLANK
That's what I was paging about.
thanks
Who is this idiot
Here we fucking go
Wtf is this?
Going to Walmart, then my bestfriends.
Cause yolooooo.
Match Of The Year in my book
well, there are 162 games and we've only played 36 games.
no problem with people being frustrated, but booing him at home?
I bet knows...
RT : Any word yet when Justin Bieber's new single comes out?
: Do I miss you?
Yeah.
Do I want you back?
No.
for sure, but knowing tht ur sad  shldnt b is better than being sad and feeling that u deserve it.
not too sure i am ok with king starting, would have liked nelson
Maybe this is sad but true
Great day to be in Miami.
Marlins opening day and Heat have OKC in town.
Wish I was there for these festivities
my wiener was in the right place at the right time : I feel lucky!
Limited edition wonk Tshirts will be available from 24 on the AmericanU quad today.
1 per WONK.
The Quiet.
Rihanna The Queen!!!!
I will be more stable with time during next session.
Hope you guys had a great time.
I will contact you for updates.Thanks
is so cute on right now.
I think we are soulmates...
why does she tweet you but not her other fans
Running on pure adoctornaline and high emotions now until tomorrow evening forsure.
Can't wait to see my girls
I think we'll have a contest where we'll give away some Happy Black Friday Cakes  getting it setup now
not yet but soon!
We will let you know when we can open the doors!
Anyone have any knowlege about the UIC PM HI Certificate OnLine Program?
Opinions?
Valuable?
Christmas commercials are the bestworst commercials a year.
Amazingly bad.
And hilarious.
Who are some must follow ROC ers??
Why isn't biggie the picture on google today?
So true!!!
That's why I always end up buying something ;
Dear Mosquito, my blood is very valuable.
Back off.
Sincerely, Annoyed Human.
P.S.
I think I squished your cousin.
I have 11 Bites!
Hulk steals the show in The !
So many awesome moments.
Have to see it at least 3 times :
I got pizza
Itz funny how people can get madd wen u stop hittin dem up....
Wtf u got my  too  my phone dont never ring but idgaf!!!
The greatest bromance of all time.
3
this morning.
Omfg.
It was so cute.
Fun Fact: the Cubs still owe Soriano almost 50 million
Go Clippers!
Enjoy FREE lunch for your VOTE on Facebook with Chase Community Giving!
May 19th  noon!
6160 Mission Gorge Road Ste 204 SD, CA 92120!
i HATED it's always sunny in philadelphia at first,,,now i love it!
lmao!
I could really go for a doctoram cake tonight :
Need Wake Up .
Im Lonely 
You're ALWAYS good enough to be in a band.
Every musician is always learning, so just ask some friends to pick up music and play!
Happy Friday!
Money can't buy love but it improves your bargaining position Laurence J Peter
Tell him he can't sleep on your couch if he does
whosgonnalose  Oklahoma v Stanford  Stanford will lose
Awesome weather...check Orioles game...check Caps game....check Beer...
Check check check!!!
Happy Labor Day!
Half Price Sushi, Wine  Beer from 46pm!
Live Music at Varsity Bar!
Rebecca at Loebe at 9pm!
Jace N Lee at 11:30.
2.50 Cold Shots and free parking at University Coop with cover.
Andoctorw reminded me yesterday that SOPA means 'shut up' in Greek...
:
haha yeah they kinda do
im really sorry i didnt get to u sooner but i just saw it now lol
your on the phone with staff but the waits was 21 people to get help???
Mucking our Twit feeds with all your affiliate wares is not what Twitter is for....
Please stop
Long day and grind ahead.
Barely slept last night which sucks!!!!
Just want to go back to bed
I have heard great things about warranty service.
I love their instruments, hopefully their service even more.
BREAKING: Bishop Morlino accepts recommendation of Platteville pastor and parish councils to allow St.
Marys school to close
popout a complete disk chassis for simple offsite storage.
This makes it very easy for transportation re: XArray Technology...
why dont we just text about this instead...
I wish people would read ebay descriptions before buying and now complaining, ugh
Predict the Rockies Regular Season correctly  Win 200!!
Email answers to .
The winner must live in Colorado.
There is
Looking at American Dad and my son is fighting sleep hard lol
I almost said the same thing.
But they can do a yearold model for 299 at decent margins to sustain ecosystem.
Excited to be at to kick off museumsadvocacy day!
Gotta do chores which of course sucks assLMAO...tweet and follow later...listening to SKY SCRAPER by Demi Lovato...she's awesome..lol...
Um, I think the idea is that we are supposed to invent it ourselves!
;
pet peeve: strangers on twitter who just tweet me links.
really?
does anyone click on that spam?
I feel your pain.
I'm working on a project for school as well and just started brewing my first pot of the night.
Good luck!
ifihadanickeleverytime I forgot something, I'd be super rich, but I'd probably forget where I put my nickels...;;
If your team loses, don't take it out on players...ask for a hug...
Will bring you reality  you'll feel better.
Awesome.
Can we use these on the website?
Look up amada anderson on facebook for all the latest news on how to register etc.
Dejected Sharks fans speak now!!
Enjoying an afternoon off with coffee, Jack White, and local politics.
The word 'studying' was made up of two words originally  'students dying
We need your help!!!
Please tell all your friends to go on Cantina Laredo OKC and like us!!!
Thanks
Well curly/wavy
don't hit me up if you don't have intentions on finishing the conversation.
Where can I listen to the game on the radio in KC?
I know!
I'm already obsessed : RT : this is very cool!
when I was 18 I started taking music more seriously...started touring at 19 and knew it's what I wanted to do!
:
I'll bring cheesecake!
:
That will be my first stop, then, after I make my move up north!
shutting down for 5 minutes.
don't call or come by
don't worry all the peanut butter stuff is still there.

Finah gone call it a night...
Got a little Coldplay now.
You feeling better?
was that just an incredible political typography joke you just made?
If so, you really win twitter today.
Hum...possibly true, gulp.
RT : An Aries Zodiac Problem: No one's as assertive as you.
Thus far they are not biting.
But the day is young.
Putting some outfits together for shows this summer rockinit.
New Website coming soon!!!
Timothy Donnelly :: I see why moderation is a useful principle, at times, in life, of course, but in art, I just dont get it.
Matthew 22: 3640.
You got one justifying inequality  hate?
i guess we're the only enlightened ones to have witnessed the movie magic of twelve
Gotta make the monies.
with my Family Supporting Cleveland Artist and Giving toys for less fortunate Kids
Another writing day?
Why, I don't mind if I do.
semesterisfinallyover :
Not sure if I'm looking forward to my official commencement of my first full marathon training.
A tad intimidated is an understatement.
Egan: Microsoft has all sorts of tricky ways to hide from you the fact that ppt isn't good for telling stories
thanks for the fucking concert in your home town 303 Denver.
I don't think i'll be sleeping tonight
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture
Truth...
One word that has a lot of meaning.
myy bad but yeah
I haven't said Bitch all day.
Wth going on?
great meeting with leader , get ready!
There's a good partnership here...
: Jst had cnversation w/Omniar abt their proposed AR soln.
They said they're talking w/u next week.
They have fresh ideas...
Flopping all over the place
I was in Costa Rica last month it was pretty awesome!
Got fog in my eyelashes running Westridge this morning.
Now wired on Peet's.
It's the first night of basketball league.
Good luck to all of our OSBLN members participating!
Jordan if you keep cutting your hair you're gonna have no hair left to style
ThemKnock knock....
MeWTF......
Them Sorry time to wake up......
MeREALLY!!!!!
I just got in  1am..
ThemSorry.
Me To Fing late I'm
yea It's crazy
you know I'm probably going to get some form of crazy mutation sitting next to this hotspot
Thank you so much for following me.
You made my day 3
can't think of any other person who I can feel the same about after 5 years of disconnect who will always tug the heart strings.
:
and thank you for the mention too!
RT for a goodnight mention
him and his music and can't wait to have kids so they can love him too!
:
LookN for 1 Hell of a Storm!!
Big tings a gwan.
thanks for the shout out!
when im not supose to be.
Terrill Lee Panicked?
Damn spell checker??
thaiacupressure is one way to treat acute and chronic orthopedic disorders.
Meet and choose from 60 Thai Acupressure routines.
hahahaha!
You're cute :
I love my mommy:thanks mom for ever thing u do!!RT
RT : Excited to kickoff Digital Marketing Strategies w/ at pdxdms  Me too!
ThankYouEdge for the great matches u gave us!!!
we are meeting in the u of i conference room...
last day of class at the alehouse ;
and you'd swoop down low only to gain more air
RT I better get my goodnight txt
Happy Holidays from Duane your Seventy Sixes barber, As yo uh know we are growing and we added two morebarb
Heading back to Baltimore.
Getting ready to karaoke!?!
Your lawyers may be somewhat less aggressive
worth it!
Seriouslyfive calls in the past 45 minutes.
And we're on record as having given  to the other party.
It's ridiculous.
Fuck it I'm start walking to the BART this season is over
Yamaha dxs from the 90s, those things should be burned.
I'm trying not to have to an attitude or get mad at him but Damn its hard ...
I'm doing everything to stay calm kus I'm boutta loose it !
Heading to San Jose for ATA2012, couldn't be more excited to see the latest in telemedicine!
We're in booth 1027 demoing Visimeet.
My twitter is blowing up about thesave and As it should be!!!!
:
We're live in 20 mins from Buffalo Wild Wings on University!
Tune in, or better yet, stop by!
Hey!
Right now I'm doing some freelance work and groping my way to another job.
How about you?
I have some long URLs to cite on an essay, and feel like using bit.ly to shorten them would make it easier for my professorssor.
Thoughts?
was fishing for a sweet dessert turd joke but I guess Olive Garden really did underwhelm you.
At uwcelebration thanking United Way donors for raising 22,005,560 for their community.
Highest amount ever
class tomorrow.
930545 yikess.
but looking forward to spanish.
love how i have the same spanish teacher i had in hs in college now lol
Yankees?!
RT: : Let me know next time we can meet up!
I'd love to fit you for a new Yankees jersey.
It's tee shirt time hahaha
I swear this was the longest 20minutes
I dunno, I like sideling hill, the one with the big farm stand
notetoself : power balance bands do not help when highly intoxicated.
New Balance: The official shoe of my life.
We must work on sentence structure.
Also, look in the mirror to check your skin tone.
everyone.
right now; please follow my instagram!
nicoleeidelman it would honestly mean so much!
Boeing race last night but good night for the 2448885!!
Great job!!
oh, just for days?
;
HELL why does my location say Bryn Mawr....I live in St.
Louis Park!
someone help me.
haha
I didn't know you were mad.......
Club scene for the bro bday bottles on deck Haaan
We're looking for experts on inhouse Competitive Intelligence for a client.
Email if you're the one or know someone.
What's the difference between uploading and downloading??
Couldn't mobile upload albums also be called mobile downloads?
I'm an idiot  now realize that you thought I recognized you from here.
Nope, just actually remembered you!
knowing I don't have softball practice today 
I enjoyed watching Smash!
What a huge win for !!
First win road win over a Big 10 team ranked in the top 10 in 32 years!!!!
You said you were okay.
But in reality, you're just sad.
4,500 what  calories?
Yep, when correctly consuming queso the cals tend to pile up.
I'm mad she don't know where one is
Everything was made so convenient to rush out the door to work that good old fashion nutrition lost out.
Nice meeting you, too!
No I've been going to school.
It just recently started back and now I only have it on Thursdays.
So it's not like a big deal.
im down, I think were going to have a party.
yeah it suck thats why I deactivated mine
thanks for the tv broadcast news
Please never say 'twitter twaddle' again.
they didnt send u coverage
Yes, can you email the file and we will print and ship.
I have absolutely no idea yet...
Lol, but I'm really thinking about it
Good morning all, it is hump day time to become prosperous n many ways that God has bless us with seek it and find it because it is ur gift
136 Cappers with their FB plays for tonight and into the weekend posted with 3 consensus so far with the Ov.
70.5 in Houston very strong
Nice to see you!
Que pasa?
10 OFF Jersey Mikes!
Only w/ a
u in san antonio right
Gordon Gartrel swag
I know..
haha.
Fat people playing a sport?
Thanks but no thanks.
:
t i am going to watch this video until i go to sleep let's get this to a million views in 1 week
so my day turned out alright.
just got some shit on my mind tho
A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers.
H.L.
Mencken
obviously it's april fools day ; x
Nice line, if I say so myself, however...
my undies go through so much.
I think they're organizing a union.
Tag books in the catalog for easier readers advisory.
Allow customers to tag as well.
But sadly I knew I should have been quicker
miss you, Hugh!
Wish you were here Fondly remembering your talk last year.
Leap year 2012, yes in deed February has 29 days, Good morning bright and smiling faces
While they didn't get many content rich questions they picked up followers  a wiki was enriched
love this
Yo momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck.
I just ate something absolutely delicious and I have no idea what kind of animal it was.
good to know.
It's pretty much useless here in NM.
It will catch on about the time something new happens.
Bob Marley 4/20 I wish I still celebrated
Strange...i just saw a hippo on TV today and now here you are in my life!
:p
lets get this to trends:
Hi Juli!
I'm a big supporter of Backspace and so glad you were able to attend that panel.
Big up Lady Saw!
Listening to your music right now!
Congrats!
Would love to work with your team sometime!
Where's my sister with my waterr!
watching your show.
FUNNY FUNNY FUNNY
hellz yeah crazy play from harden
That awkward moment when ur teacher looks at u like she's gunna yell then she says u get a new cellphone cover??
Eating tonight at Fogo de Cho.
Anyone ever been?
Allyoucaneat steak is sounding pretty good to this Texan.
christmas eve...doin' nothin' but chillin'gonna help my aunts nd ma cook some pies later on for Xmas!!!
he turns the tables up that's the hook right thur!!!
Unbelievable win by Towson lacrosse!
Down 93 in the fourth quarter.
Wins in 2nd OT.
Freshman Justin Mabus with winner.
When your trying so hard to make everyone happy, and nothing goes right.
what up money?
You had a chance to work on something yet?
...
Btw!!!
GOOD MORNING!!!
Educause10 just got a box of kandy kakes across from Educause central.
That made my day!
lol good look on the correction
Went to visit family.
Am back now.
Well, you would know something about being a great guy  from personal experience with your personal self.
It was worth a try.
Bad season in CHI town , same BS injures Football , Basketball
RIP Steve Jobs
Just checked out the new menu for the new Logan Circle MANY more vegetarian selections!
SO excited!
Let's go celtics!
hey cuzzo wats ur number.
I lost my contacts
tell me about it...only basketball we have is 2K12.
What's up?
Long time know here from.
Have a good night.
no it was perfect and made me laugh!
I'm not vanishing, just spending more time with my diss :
Probably not, because part of the definition is consistency year to year.
Add me on Facebook.
It's on my professorle.
Want to email you an option in commercial re
High five,
I'm good hbu?
We have all changed soo much since middle school..
Ah another beautiful day and I have to work...
Partying it up with
First final today letsgooo 
Sunday Club Superior on Beale.....
ITS A PARTY!!!

Proud Lesbian!!
Grad student, lover of friends, purple, makeup, high heels, Vodka, clothes, shopping and a great debate!!
Lol
yeah.
I just can't justify shelling out 50bucks for it.
Only seen at a couple cons.
Thanks Jesse!!
night Dave
Some god puck on tonight!
Martin fucking hilarious
Great lineup of booths today: LES Girls Club, artist Anton Van Dalen, Thin Air Video  Bullet Space!
128 pm
you didn't even following me :..
Remember..
I'll go from Holland to Miami this summer for you, and you didn't even follow :
Don't forget it's Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
If you need any wristbands, stop by our office in midtown Atlanta!
We're open today until 5:30pm.
Davidoff: The biggest barrier to MissiondoctorvenMarketing is leadership: executives, board, everyone,...
what do you think of the JDS and Cain Valasquez fight of the first on ?
terrible track but ppl will let it cook smh
RB floww
where is that smell coming from
The water in the fountains at Triangle Park is dark red...
teamwork it's what we do!
: D Welcome!
Thanks for the follow!
Fireballs may need to be the new jack honey!
Dont judge nobody unless u walk in there shoes
Watching Austin's old Ustreams 3 :'
It's the tailend of aam2012 and I am exhausted  exhilerated.
Lots of intriguing people to follow, new connections and friends.
Huzzah!
it's the least i can do for fantastic, wonderful people like yourselves.
let us know when you get back on the road!
xo
I would worry less about unique teams and just focus more on what the goal of the team is and who you want to play the most.
Yep, again.
Seriously.
Where the fuck is everyone?
Book is on the different medication and nutrition strategies for ADHD.
Going into some of the genetics of the disorder as well
Downloading music.
yea im gucci at work bored out my mind
Great pic!
Yes, only one more day left in the season sniff Hopefully October will be kind to us with a great new harvest!
Thank you for providing free wifi in the hotel  conf space for web  mobile professor!
Oft overlooked.
Super awesome day with and ....
Thanks guys!
Time to head home and decide about Phoenix!
:
Ordering dance costume!!!
it's not against the law I can
I love being bad.
Because ima a bad girl and
but of COURSE!!
:
BackInElementarySchool we used to play Titanic in P.E and it was the shit
no I won't buy in for at least a few months.
Never buy the hype
thinks belts are a great way to express opinions.
300KMAHOMIES YES!!!
MORE TO THE FAMILY!
3 THE FAMILY WILL GROW EACH AND EVERYDAY : DON'T GIVE UP!!
RT : How would you like to be out at Tattoosh Island?
Sustained 69 mph, gust to 86
Happy Presidents Day!
If youre stuck in the office, you might as well come in  enjoy a proper pint after work for a late celebration!
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Clueless and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Sitting on my balcony Feels Good Out Here ;
In ten days...
It will be, 11/11/11.
Cool
I bet he threw up a boot!
It's 'cause nobody cares like Daniel James cares.
lmao regular show
The reasonable suspicion clause gives cops power to stop  search anyone for any reason.
This so call war on doctorgs started this!
Someone just told me,  Ur way 2 beautiful 2 b listenin 2 music like that no disrespect as in posthardcore.
Wait, what.
Do yourself a favor and let someone know you Love them, even if it's twitterlove ;
Cotton swabs down your throat 
Thanks so much for the RT :
Hawaiian Rule of the day.
Beauty is internal  looks mean nothing
Rockys is worth the wait, plus they comped it.
Free pizza always tastes better.
me 2 yo, this nigga just sent us home
Andoctor Igoudala dunks like he's too swole to play basketball.
: I fucked up you fucked up we both fucked up
Please pray for my cousin who passed away this afternoon!!!
She is in heaven..3
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp is not in the lineup due to a hamstring injury on Monday.
Kemp has played in 399 straight games.
Thathighmoment When you figure out that the other person has no idea what the hell they are talking about.
New merchandise has arrived!
Don't forget, 10 off Earth Friendly Products at BullFish in Baldwin Park
Check out my new show, MF, 10Noon on WNST.
Follow us here on Twitter.
Thanks, Bulldog
Trend showyourhearts for the and !
fun is an understatement haha.
Best part is we leave for Brazil tomorrow!
RT : ROFL If there is an app for CM  its out of date by the time you download it!
i'm so excited to see the hunger games :DD
LOL...
I couldn't resist retweeting that one!
Aww : : You're writing about an assassin.
I love you more.
:D And I'm totally writing your pub house to beg them for an ARC.
Facebook to Pitch 39;LifeSaving Tool39; on Tuesday
Finally began my cheese shoot for Didn't expect to start my morning roasting marshmallows.
RT : follow back
I knew I could count on
I DIDN'T MEAN TO HURT YOU, I'M SO SORRY.
DO YOU REALLY WANT ME TO LET GO OF HIM?
I MISS YOU SO MUCH.
PLEASE COMEBACK.
:
It's not a party until I fag out!
And believe me I will!
Hahaha my friend said 'that's the last time I gave John Travolta a massage hilarious!
The mysterious bag was full of dirty gym clothes, but we took the necessary precautions to ensure the safety of our BkSq guests.
Happy Early Birthday April .
;D !
is all done for the day at the office.
See you all tomorrow!
Good luck to all of the Olympic Athletes!
RT : Stuart Chaifetz was on 2day's CBS.
Glad he's covering it.
Changes R needed
Better start walking Young and we going to Game 6
Thanks for the follow, Phil
can I just see you soon??!
Okay, Nice Talking To You : RT that's your opinion so yeah.
And please I'm mad?
You sound dumb af.
shaq don't need to be up there on television talkin'...he need a hobby!
Learn how to talk!!!
blake sorry af
So many shows coming up
somehow i've managed to work at jimmy johns for a year and this is the first time i've ever taken mine :P
lol may bad it was tempting xDDDD jkjkjk i wanted to see you reaction and true any car that we can use would be fine ;D
a floor projection  eerie holographic work overturn, in a rather disquieting way, some fundamental notions of 3D space  AiA about Snow
Oh  btw; I lost all my numbers, so text me.
Cause I seriously have four contacts right now.
and prostitutes...
im gonna live my life no matter what we party tonight PARTY TIME IN A FEW HOURS :
don't we all
I love it when ppl get their mic's off for talking too long at award shows!!!
Yes you can
know he know he supposed to hook that shit up
We have been conducting a US pilot with several cities and counties.
Results have been encouraging.
When schools, teachers and students live and die by the numbers, they juke the stats a la The Wire.
I want a TV in my bathroom, ooh and cork floors!
Today, buyers start their purchasing process on the Internet, in the search engines, blogs, and social media
Hey I'm an optometrist in west Hollywood nice to meet you!
Visit sm4w for my boards.
: Who has Pinterest boards.
Names please.
New tattoo idea: Get a snowy Rochester logo with 'In Hetsko we trust' around it?
Congratulations to Modern Medicine's Top 100 Hospitals!
Dear birdflipping robot, You do not know who you are messing with.
I will crush you and use you as my personal bedpan.
And stuff.
Do I have.
Ur number.
Or.
Can u.
Text / call me
The correct answer is always Nebraska.
dude...there should be a place where you can compete in hunger games.
but with paintball or laser tag...!!!
The body never lies.
Martha Graham
Thanks to all the testers!
RT : Snack Words status: Waiting For Review.
Hooray!
Just published pictures of the rolling Meadows Custom ranch project at Ask The Kitchen Guy on FB.
Check them out and LIKE us if you like.
The city never sleeps.
Who still at it?
when did the day of the speech mean more than the substance of the speech?
Start planning your weekend: concerts Fri, Sat  Sun in Newton  Groton, MA and Deep River, CT
Hypothesis: Patton Oswalt has moved into complex, but not funny.
Thoughts?
One year ago today on a rooftop at midwestux, asked me to consider joining And what a year it has been.
The baked beans and mashed potatoes are great at JaymerQ BBQ.
You can taste the fresh pork in the beans.
Sell your JunkCar to us.
FastCashForJunkCars Right Now, We'll Quote You for free!
Thanks, Brian!
You were awesome to work with.
Thank you for choosing us : Let us know if you need anything!
you know what could do for his birthday, yep thats right make me the most happiest person alive by following me; Hint, hint
what the hell is goin on on pocket i keep hearing sirens
You people!
I demand mercy!
Justice!
I was FEEDING MY SISTERS!!!
thank you :
no way just give em a call today!
It's easy
HaPPy New Year!
I don't discriminant, I like my girls chocolate or vanilla
Whats going on?
Im so tired of talking bout basketball now
Our horseshoeshaped Circus Building was designed to accommodate the 500 ft.
long Circus Parade, begun by Roy Arnold 1925.
AmericaWants to get a fullpage ad in USA TODAY.
Please RT
you have a home here in Portland!
Life is going by soo fast.
Anytime my heart wants to stop beating so hard this morning...
Does he sleep in the humidor, or just have his locker in there?
Rockies : I'm getting a zillion jokes a second regarding Moyer
I was just makin sure lol.
You should go 2 sleep now
placed 35th placed 30th out of 226 at Celeb Poker Tournament, what a wonderful  ruthless couple.
The subtle hilarities of Japanese television are amusing me to no end right now.
Regular vacations are preventative medicine; they cut down on stress related illness  save health care dollars.
www.travopoly.com/kini
The oldest poetry magazine in the US is Poet Lore founded in 1889.
Do you read it?
Do you know what you're missing?
www.poetlore.com
Happy Friday Everyone!
Getting ready to perform at the Temecula Wine Festival this weekend.
Should be wonderful : 
You say cray instead of crazy?
I bet you came up with that all on your own.
Condescending Wonka
what kind of dork posts a picture of hay and captainons it hey.
oh wait, i just did that yesterday.
That is why they call it the beautiful game.
Truly amazing.
RT Not sure that determinism is a meaningful construct anymore TtW12 D3 C3 Affordances, conventions  constraints
Husker  Huskies game seems like Bizarro world.
Huskers throwing, Bo upbeat at half, defense lacking.
Weird.
Fun, but weird.
I play in a band guitar is my instrument run on sentences are cool Fuck Twitter because no one cares
I use Zite on my iPad, it was in the entrepreneur section!
aw man and I missed it?!
gymdoctorma lol
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
When you embrace conviction you embrace a set that will give you a standard by which you must live.
where is cody!!!!!!????????
he is suposed to be on live!
where are you cody
Congratulations to Washington State for passing a law to legalize samesex marriage!
Sounds like fun.
:
Cheers!
RT : Follow Friday!
me!
you should put one up soon :
we promise!
what is bringing you here?
i live for the nights that i cant remember with the people that i wont forget 
Come one, come all to the ChiliChallenge today in the Letterman Lobby from 11 am to 2 pm!
is Chesteron in IN or MI?
I used to go to the dunes in MI.
My mom is from Ludington, MI.
Enjoying a treat from always brightens my day.
Tweet us photos of your visit to The Stage using hashtag thestagemiami for your chance at a 50 bar tab!
Oops/correction  and that they can be home for Christmas
Im all in
WOW that's freaking awesome!
Gonna have to spin up that LaserDisc tonight in its honor!
Love less, care less, use your heart less and get hurt less.
K.
As in Kershaw.
Happy opening day, guys.
I think Huckabee meant that the GOP establishment, and not the rank and file, is uniting behind
RT : DW needs to stop talking.
Listening session .
Checking out the masters of this club smash with and audio mcswagger
Right now I feel like an outcast with my family 
nowplayin' carriage this song always reminds me of rainy days.
Anytime.
I'm not afraid to admit that I'm an Olivia Hayes fan.
I liked it, can I get a follow?
I support you
I love you and I miss you!
3 things aren't the same without you!
I'm here until Friday morning.
:
Poor little homeless fart...
This is a shocker.
60 of 8 year olds have smart phones.
I don't believe it.
Waiting at the oral surgeon to see me.
Just learned he is out of network.
the standing O for the 3rd kid was undeserved.
just lobbed it up..
no threw the legs, behind the back????
nope lol we start Saturday lol
heyy u should come back to wwe they need u but how was ur day?
Great retreat with my Vistage group.
Golf and learning all in one!
Krav Maga Academy's New State of the Art Location is Now OPEN.
5000 sqf of full time Krav Maga Training in NYC.
www.KravMagaSolutions.com
those tattoos made me very hungry indeed.
Said exactly what I was thinking.
I will.
MTRTechNews is just a lose blog that won't have very many posts.
2 people have already named their kid after me 
Next time I have tea, I'll try just lemon.
I like turbinado, but its still sugar.
omfg!
if this little girl doesnt stfu im going to beat the living shit out of her.
i dont fuck care if she is seven!!!!!!!!!
That is stupid.
Baba Ram Dass The quieter you become the more you can hear.
so glad to have found the K man on twitter!
Opened LONG NZDUSD  .7595; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 67 SHORT
RT : Do you really need another vacation, or is it time to design a life you don't need to run from?
Just when I thought I learned my lesson, there I go again
We are back underway here in the 2nd half.
Beautiful day in San Antonio.
Horns up 10.
Cheaters make me sick.
I knew that :.
Just checking on you.
Getting ready for work; if out on tollways let me know!!
Lol
Grandpa gets kicked out of the nursing home for being too grumpy on tonight's episode of The Simpsons!
Watch with us at 5!
Mama had 2 jobs I know that she was working for me.Ten years later, I got her working for me..
...so call me maybe
U bettr Rt: : I did so wat u talk bout im doin my job
Idk man packing tonight seems too fast!
Hannah if i do go tell everyone ima miss em!!!
To much for me!
maybe i will give up my doctoram?!?
Haha, I'd blame the Canucks, but I heard it most recently on Shark Tank.
But yeah, don't even get me started on Canadian speak ;
RT : 's Eric Ferraro speaks on funding in the music tech space at SF Music Tech X  product and value matter....
No thirty year old man I will not go to the casino with you after I get off work.
THUG LIFE 
it is.
I'll tell u another day.
It's a person who is completely selfish...really disrespected me...no its not Andy.
at Starbucks I'm in love with these Dark Chocolate Brownies
You and would be like the PERFECT couple!
She is in your icon and so am I
jaxsummit Welcome to Twitter!
Glad to have met 2 groups of UPEIAN105 today and 1 group of UPEILC today!
You'll get used to my brand of weird, maybe even like it.
Ensure The Success of Your Blog Before You Even Build It
Is the design of app important, when you consider to buy it?
:
YOU HELLA DUMB GIRL
you're right.
I love you more :
Do you walk the walk or do you just talk the talk?
Happy !
Going to get my braces on Thursday, and im off to Disney that same day.
And when I get back ,Im gonna hang with my friends from NJ!
Happy New Year!
Everyone be safe tonight.
Just got on the air...giving away the new Black Eyed Peas CD all day!
And taking new web photos!
Hell yeah bitches!
Who's following theNBAplayoffs?
I definitely think so.
Teens mights even open up more on this platform.

Best words of advice: Everything happens for a reason.
You have many supporters.
Good luck!
Speaking of E, Get this: actually knew Prisilla before he did.
She was a neighbor in Texas before moving to Germany.
Nah, she don't remember
My iPhone Just Adds To My Ignorance, I Screen Shot  Put Yo Ass On Blast
Over 400 views in less than 10 hours, not bad.
It's because it is hilarious...check out the teaser for our new show....
Valley Center woman accused of killing 89 yearold Rancho Bernardo man and stealing more than 500,000 from his estate.
is trying to comfort his tired wife.
Yeah, that's it  yeah, I KNOW.
I haven't figured it out either.
Need sum thing 2 smoke 2 start da day off right
Fred Hammond......major statement!
I've learned some of the most amazing things when I couldn't take the path I wanted  was forced down another!
Seriously.
You.
Check out the moon.
Happy Thanksgiving!
NP so sick by neyo , reminds me of Niall :
Tzedek day  we just returned from volunteering for SPCA at d/town Macy's persuading others to adopt.
Only problem now is I want a pet.
fan fic again?
CHILLIN HERE IN DENVER...WAITING FOR THE TO KIKK SOME FAKER ASS.
I know I'm Alive because the pain of twenty 100 yard sprints is Feeln 4REAL 3
....and the winner is MINDY IRISH!
Please call Tina at the salon to schedule your free Holiday Blow out!
Hi Guys Love 3 I miss you , how are you ??
: Follow me please !
awesome thanks!
we are rolling out at my school and I may need advice/support from a veteran :
how?
What's it about
Gorgeous!
I doctorpped my most beloved ring last night and will have to have it reset.
This is cheering me right up.
good luck with rehab Ovie.
We in the RavensNation wish you the best during your recovery.
66 we had a convo about hot cheetos with jay haha good times your really funny and pretty :
Yeah..leave in ur ghetto car
Hi Evan, we saw your tweet and would like to invite you back for a complimentary meal.
plz email w contct info
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day.
Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and doctornk beer all day.
Detroit......it's a crazy hell whole place.....but it's my hometown so yea
Got the first 3 things on my to do list done.
Somehow, procrastination popped up as Number 4.
Now, where's that eraser?
Going to opry mills!
Raise your sail one foot and you get ten feet of wind.
Chinese Proverb
thought  Is the declining crime rate to blame for the lack of good gangsta rap?
this is a train beer kind of day
My niece needs a hug.
I quit a long time ago
you know it :
You win the prize for best ironic retweet of the day.
Soak it up.
go argentina!!
that is so happy!
futbol..
3
Rebelution Indianapolis!
Will you be there?
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Carrot Ginger.
Sugarfree lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Did Blake Griffin give Allen a little extra shove into the scorer's table on that loose ball?
Aww.
Thanks Boney!
Now if only I could be back where that picture was taken.
Man I miss Costa Rica!!
I've never hated  loved someone like I do Gertrude Stein.
You're a Winner, winner, chicken dinner!
Blessings to you, DeJuan!
are we supposed to vote todaY?
people throw rocks at things that shine
Ok he just asked me what I wanted to eat but not moving..
like why??
How old is too old when sipping brews at the Dirty Bird???
Asians arent smart; we just work hard.
Is Danks that bad or the Tigers offense that good.
I dominated JV basketball in my senior year..
Which in we call Lei Day in Hawaii!
It's a huge day filled with hula dancing and fun!
I love my co hosts chito and !!!!!
: yeah babayyy
Looking to make Easter brunch reservations in SD.
I know it's late but any recommendations?
thank you :
The possibilities of a new day are endless!
Astragalus is top three herbs in the world!
one of my faves!
Tech stuff is hard 4 me, my friend said You can learn anything, it just takes more time.
Thank god for outsourcing!
Fiverr, elance  odesk
In retrospect, certainly, no argument here.
RT : RC never deserved to be fired imho.
Nice work, brother!
RT : I get to share my work with the CEO of Memorial Sloan Kettering today.
answer your freaking phone
Loved listening to on the podcast.
Nice to know that one of the country's best is working up the street from my office.
TheLittleBlackTruck is back at it!
Come find us at 15th and Q.
Next to Fremont Park, R15 Naked Coffee and Shady Lady!
It is a cool, easy way for companies to engage customers in social media
Tell us your New Years Resolution!
The best answer wins a gift bag loaded with goodies from ABP!
2 days with no Internet or fax service for my business.
sucks!
I hate that I have to work.
I wish I could just take a chill pill this summer.
So much shit going through my head
What u watching?
Not to mention that everyone who is overweight or deranged has exactly the same
playing tonight at Roulette Brooklyn with Adam Rudolph's Organic Orchestra.
beautiful new space at atlantic and 3rd ave
Not allowed to say YOLO on Twitter anymore :
I wonder how tha Universe REALLY Began?
Shouldn't I be running the marathon?
I'm thoroughly enjoying this lazy day
Coach Crum  Siva need to spend the day together watching Kimba Walker playing in last years tournament in coach's theatre.
who is ?
did you mean ?
qJDJD LIKE PLEASE
YW!
And many thanks for followingmuch appreciated!
Who ever thought that AC Slater would become the most successful celebrity out of all the kids on Saved By The Bell?
hey thanks for the follow.
We have a great bottle opener Tshirt that you would find amazing
.
on Smash: Why is Leonard Nimoy in that wig?
im so happy you won !!!
i so voted for you !!!
love u
if you make it to Ft Wayne IN area give me a shout
A lot of people hate on , but he's a Celebrity Journalist.
Blaming him for a top story of leaked nude pics is your own fault.
It's amazing how the instant I smell even the hint of a bon fire, I am flooded with some of the best memories of my life.
3
Escape the heat come to the library where it is cool and read.
P.S.
she is stupid...it's been a month and she still asks the same stupid questions!
smh gotta go through this shit again
LADIES COME CHECK OUT THE NEW SANDALS AND ADIDAS WE HAVE IN!!!!!
hi.
Dakheet?
I hope you like my website!
3
good twitter discussion going on the side, but let's add the mw2012 tag.
why or why not CC0?
then he needs more friends.
It's part of a well rounded friends group.
folding is overrated.
It's done :
RT: Love hurts.
Boys lie.
Friends cry.
People die.
Parents yell.
You always try.
You're never good enough  you don't know why.
You're on my bad list again!!
I need you next Saturday afternoon.
wow that's crazy!
Ate they strict with the kids too cuz I've seen some girls in crazy shit its sad
watching it noww!!!
lets discuss tonight!

off the market.
Fun fact: our Owner owned  operated 2 Subway franchises, real estate invst co  a Best Buy like co.
in europe  he's under 40yrs old
happy writing today!
If I was in charge I would paint the debt ceiling.
The same color as the walls cause I like that Martha Stewart look.
I hope the team managers won't announce their pitchers before the game.
It would be good to switch them and kind of confuse gamblers.
The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.
William Shakespeare, from Othello'
Happy Holidays to you as well and your inspiring tweets have provided much warmth through the year :
I was excited to get a 2 hr.
meter in DC.
However, I received 7.5 minutes for each quarter.
Who walks around with 16 quarters on hand?
I Need YOU to be apart of the Atlanta Underground Music Awards July 14, 2012 Great Networking Event
Asians3 That's me ;
Nick, we met once in Chongqing when Peking Duck's Richard was visiting.
Do you remember?
How's life?
PromiseMe you will always Love me
I've got the biggest girl crush on
a job well done!
Great rally uawow dcunitewomen very engaging speakers and cool crowd fired up and ready to fight!
If you haven't already checkout the New SNOCLOTHING Wristband's.
Only 3 and we are donating to Cancer Research!!!
SNOCLOTHING.com
Caracas has close to 100 homicides every week end.
Loiter Squad .
: Normal Person Flirting: Hey, babe: what's goin on?
...
Me Flirting: Your face.
I like that.
I'm so using this line!!
only my mom..
OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH No he didnt......Jimmy Kimmel is a fool.
Remember to vote!
Free horn ensemble performance 8PM; free pool at Boomies; karaoke at Ironwood with Jammin' Jim.
No comment.
I love twitter, I love Justin, I love Selena, I love all Justin's fans.
I love my life, as long as Justin Bieber is alive!
Please follow
Also Kongens Fald by JV Jensen on ipad but getting crosseyed.
El Gallito has the best grilled jalapeos in LA.
This cannot be denied.
Everything started to collapse in the same 5 months.
What happened to being happy and STAYING happy?
Now I'm just hoping for a real smile.
what was my excuse then?
: usage limit : no lol shoulda got unlimited from ATT
We're to hear abt steps to tackle homelessness in Silver Lake with
Because anyone is better then me and always will be.
please report it.
Car not functioning....
fml
Wow.
Hope that's not it for Shanny.
He's an alltime great and favorite of mine.
The thoughts running through my head right now need to stop...lol
is coming/not sleepover over!
3 i want now to come/sleep over!
then i would be the happiest ever.
My Golden Rule: Never EVER wear khaki pants and a blue shirt to Walmart unless u like to send the idiots down the wrong isles.
Ima miss Wizards of Waverly Place, curse you disney channel for getting rid of the best show they have left/:
good to meet you in peson today  thanks for letting me pick your brain
TEXTSP ratings  Belarusian National Reinsurance Organization
Analysis: Sarkozy39;s miracle is nowhere to be seen
APD's CSI investigators at Eklutna Lake, looking into reports of human remains found there.
Mike Ganley smashed a PH double over the LF's head for the Pioneers' 17th hit of the game.
Offense has it rolling.
You kids are CRAZY!
Why did you leave so late?
...and you think...maybe it IS relevant, but just hasn't had room to grow up and evolve?
First straight set win ever!!!!
The Lion King 3
Well that just ruined my day..
awesome 
Come tan your Monday blues away!
5 upgrades all day!!
let's go caps!
I can't wait to watch the game tonight!
Niceville to get a damn book 
You're the coolest lol
RT : uwebc html5 and the impact that will have on social media, especially as an alternative for Apple b/c of Flash access.
mine too!
Its delicious!!!!!!!!
I never saw you tweet.....oh well...plus I was on private chats anyway....
I'm so sick of name aiden.
It sounds weird and wimpy.
Ryan and Brian have always been faves of mine.
hello new followers !
thanks for following !
make sure you like us on facebook as well and follow us personally ,thank you ,with love er
Seems like I will be working all this summer....but I'm enjoying every moment of it.
It better not rain this weekend, I'm going fishing!
2011.09.10 Phillies 3 Brewers 2  At least this was close / but postseason talk can stop / until this skid ends
I took riley for her ice cream soon as she got home now she knocked out :
Anyone going to the Chicago show?
EXACTLY!
i'm trying to trap people!
lol make there be less forever alones out there and make the world a better place!
:P
Right, and questions that come up, what year so and so happened, for instance, are answered in a moment.
Honey 2 Im so done.....
: friend or foe?
It's only a matter of time before we have to battle his legless space progeny for the fate of humanity.
man I missed it!!
Want To Know How To Pitch Your Startup?
Look No Further.
I can have all that though haha 
The loud doctornkenly loitering patrons have been out of hand lately.
I expect to hear people but it's still residential folks!
Emailed you his info.
Come hang out tonight at Club Motor!!
We're playing with Bobaflex, Royal Bliss, and Oceans Divide!
Doors at 6:30 show starts at 7
Loves her new iPhone 4s!!!
:
ok what u do for example if ur trying to say shit it will correct it but if u delete the last letter n put the last letter back
Don't let it happen, make it happen
What's for dinner?
Mushroom fettucine Alfredo, of course.
And Part 2 of Masterpice Theatre Birdsong.
Anyone else been watching?
I saw a pic of one of these a couple days ago.
So sick!
But I do still love the Cayenne.
Next on my list is a G Class
oh Yea
hahah its ok it will turn into a tan by tomorrow: and thanks!
Tweet me something you want me to have Cody say in a tweet to you.
I will photoshop it  you can fool your friends!
:
It's Official I got my AFTRA card today!!!!!!!!!!!
I've had my fair share of typography jokes getting crickets :
I wasn't trying to bum any one out, I watched this on TV about India  it pissed me off.
Tip 206: When you are faithful with what GOD has GIVEN to you, He is inclined to give you more.
haha he's alive!!!!!
Hey Kelly!
Miss ya too!
Please soon : : We love seeing you happy!
Let's reconnect soon...
Miss Ya!
Cc' 
So, these guys at my bus stop are talking about masturbating to dogs and quantum theory.
Thanks to all the fans The Troma Channel on Comcast had passed 1.5 million views last month!
Why my little cousin told me I look like Iman Shumpert lol
Oh man, did I get a selection.
Thanks so much for listening!
Your bro was awesome
: Amen.
Let's get to it!
lol YAY!!!
on a journey to selfimprovement doing 30 stories in 30 days started last Friday going well.
Hello everyone!
Well, I was thinking of an organized event in March, but disorganized meetings beforehand are a great idea!
Threw up at work so I went home..lost a 5 hour shift..
Ready to be in someone studio
Our girlfriend made me follow you so you have 100 followers
Happy Easter to you, too!
I reaaallly have to talkn to the doctor about those meddddss.....
if it doesn't feel right it's probably not right meds.?
.
Did anyone see the aurora in the skys last night?
If not keep your eyes peeled tonight, they are a fetching shade of Travail green...AWESOME
blessed to be alive April 1st
no problem : thanks again for the interview, we'll let you know when it's posted :
Black bandana, sweet Louisiana
It's all been great so far.
I can't wait to get to A Face To Call Home
well ima doctornk straight rum, whiskey, and maybe some scotch.
you are so on top of everything!
Great 215 win by over France in the Bowl quarterfinals at the
Fluke.
Although the last time I experienced it was a January in the '80s, so it may be significant as a cosmic event.
Woohoo, happy Friday!
top line  lyrics!
everything else  track!
:
RT : Any producers want to place a beat on the next project?
Email .
Few spots left.
Come On Idaho caucus RonPaul!
Congrats to and Nicole on their wedding day!
RT : you just won a follower!
Thank you!
NB I really appreciate it!
Payday is upon usscheming how to go through another paycheck!
Getting ready for another work roadtrip this week, to stunning Winchester!
Simplicity is one goal of reform.
Others: fairness, efficiency of incentives, revenue.
you too sweetheart!!
Do you have Skype?

girl blow it out ya ass!lol....i luv u2 sis
Weight Watchers signed Jessica Simpson for 3 mil?
Hope she's OK with being second best looking spokesperson in a doctorss behind Sir Charles.
: thingsidoduringsex Call the girl a btch that way I never mess up and call her by the wrong name.
Oh my captainin, my captainin.
Thy will be done.
.
Zip.
Zilch.
Nada.
Obama Budget.
Get my doctorft?
lol right and nuthing we on spring break
It's the end of the year mad rush on projects and planning.
How's everyone holding up?
I KNOW THAT IF I GIVE UP THERES NO CHANCE OF FOLLOWING ME BUT IF I DONT HE STILL WONT FOLLOW WHATS IT TAKE 4 HIM 2FOLLOW A GUY
It does get better.
My kids are 17 and 12.
No more accidents!
SEPTA alert: The 513 to Malvern is running a new train this morning.
Come on now.
Laughter  the most civilized music in the world
One cinnamon chip muffin is not enough for this day...
Allergies apparently can develop later in life, get worse each year and pounce without warning.
It's pretty close.
The goal is to have this page be pretty neutral and to have each exhibit specifically designed for content.
Did they?
: thanks wish I had a place to wear them if I could even buy them
you don't like parasites with your soy sauce?
Great image!
You've reminded me not to mail godson's present till tomorrow.
Windmills going up on the roof!
haha.
Man I have an Employee Handbook from my previous employer telling people to use perfume and fresh clothes.
In Transcend mediation, we don't command, we propose.
We prefer it not in the subjunctive mood.
English is a very bad mediation language.
Speak only when it improves the silence  best quote of the day
Colleges Increasingly Offer FourYear Guarantees: Some colleges are offering '4year Guarantees' that...
dlvr.it/mKsLF
Love Alex Goot 
I figured just an honest mistake or maybe ..........they know.....
Haha
Okay, Internet.
You're on your own for the next week.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Happy Monday!
Remember UWM faculty, staff  students get reduced rates on all classes, except the FREE ones ;
aww you're so sweet!
thank you!!!
Oh perfect :
Thanks for following.
Happy Monday!
Great idea.
I remember seeing that on TV when I was a kid...
Working with my special needs students today..
My favorite group to work with.
Puts things in perspective..
there has been talk about adding ee2 to core, but its very debatable and is also very much in the hot path.
u not the only one ha
That's not feedback you hear on the oscars  its an alien invasion signal.
Where's ?
right?!?
It's right here in our back yard and, yet, we seem to forget that...they ARE hosting an event for ypweek tho
Feelin the love on Twitter this morning....So Happy Valentines Day!
especially to each of you who have /msg'd me this past year:
Pollen can kiss my ass 
yap.
But my sleep!!!
Steelers baby know about it
nina nesbitt and ed sheeran are amazing wahhh why couldn't i be in europe when they were touring together
: can I get a follow back?
And i agree about megan fox
You rock, Thank you for holding a hearing on
do you think you and PCFH should tour together?
So how did an 8 year old end up at my Christmas dinner?
On a related note, where's the wine?
And the Xanax?
Homegirl shows up to BikramYoga with a full face of makeup on.
That's the last thing you want when you're sweating like a whore in church!
in class online!
i am not 100 sure if she;s guilty, but I think shes sketch as hell!
I think she should get
WAKE UP!
must've been some nice shootin'!
looks amazeballs, that sounds like a perfect plan
Lunch?!
What's that!!
Enjoy doll!
XOX
Do it!
: Debating whether it would be unfair me to ask Sark about decision to try 61 yd FG in lieu of going for 1st
Headed to set 4 a long night of filming....
10pm till 6am....
Ill be tweet'n tonight....
Lunch at Del Taco...now you're livin'!
I am so exicited about the Hairologie debut!
Guys, girls only say there's nothing wrong to hide the ugly truth
OMG, I've seen exactly 2 minutes with15 seconds of LadyGaga performing at the BTW ball, she's the most amazing  beautiful performer EVER!
U can't listen to what everybody says to u bc they can't hear what God is speaking to u!
PREACH!!
Knowing God's Voice
read your dm and just come right back to mentions
Anyone have a favorite WI cheese wholesaler??
Yankees just came back from 9 to 0 against red sox
One day I was walking by with a Walkman on..
Thank you!
RT : Happy FF!
The sun is finally shining.
Thank you to
OnlyLightSkinDudes say Light skin is the new style Lol
wait where are you moving?
Home alone, it's quiet, I'm warm, it's making me sleepy.
yes boss
Love Is Always A Bitch  From Paris With Love
Life has just begun, don't throw it all away...
2 more followers and I'll have 2000....
how did that happen?
lol dude if they ever make a game with team deathmatch on horses it's automatically the best game ever invented.
period.
That means you need friends.
Just Picked up my mom mothers day gift!
Hope she likes it!
Thank u so much !
:
Welcome 2 anchorage !!!
Our guitarist just made a twitter follow him!
Should I doctorp an Instrumental tonight?
Hey Tim Thomas, Obama sends his condolences...Beyotch!
Go Caps!
Looking forward to this day ending.
I work Friday and Saturday!
I love grilling out in the winter
Thanks will keep in mind,MAX
Getting ready to unclog someone's toilet.
Whoopie!!!
Bitches Brew and some summer cleaning.
What up, Stockholm in a month!
Pretty cool, hope to make it back to LA soon, we should hang out!!!!
I just want to start over with everyone.
Do you have a button authors can embed on their sites so viewers can connect directly?
My Goals for graduation 1, finish my degree with A's in every biology class 2.
Graduate suma kumlade 3.
Get accepted into med school
Of course, lol.
just found out my fed tax refund is getting direct deposited tomorrow  soo clutch.
Am loving new Avi What a sexy sexy man!
Even in art form!
If I were a painter I would paint u next 2 me Oh wait I am a painter
yeah I think he's egging you on lol
AnheuserBusch buys Oklahoma City distributorship Premium Beers of Oklahoma for 182 million, giving them 90 control of AB sales in OK.
The thing that bothers me is, these fans in Pittsburgh did not see the guy play so they have no business calling him out
I had a doctoram about u  DJ Paul came home to Memphis to party w/ us at our place like we're best friends.
It was funny :
That was hilarious.
I love when he gets pissed off.
I like Bowa doing it better.
Nope, you're not alone..HaHa...I wish he even talked more, he's so funny also, I totally crack up!
:
My darling daughters back to school wardoctorbe now includes a lego batman shirt
You got it!
oh gosh...im dead
Life's always a little better when there's a special someone to share the wonderful things with.
?????RT : Follow and I'll follow you back
Sitting at McDonald's observing my granddaughter playing and watching how nothing else matters to her but right NOW!
Simply amazing!
no sir, no reebok, sorry
Crazy official postNAMM day at the NOTION Music office.
Everyone moving really slowly and red lights blinking on all phones.
you're support means so much!
is that a..
OUTSIDE bird?!
who do I look like?
??
No Spurs game on Sunday.
Grizzlies beat Clippers 9088.
That series goes to a Game 7.
More than 2500 left handed people are killed every year from using right handed products
No problem, and you too :D
haha yah girl!
dang that sucks haha hope u get better :
French toast and spiral ham for daaaayyyyz.
let it hurt, even more than i deserve.
let it come down on mee.
let it rain.
Abby thanks for checking us out : xoxo
I got my iPhone from Sprint a couple of months ago.
Super awesome.
Twas the night before his NBA debut: How Blazer rookie Nolan Smith plans to spend 1st Christmas in Portland.
Watch at 11
The weekend is almost here!
What's your plan?
right on..one angry bills fan here
Why is it that all the perfect job opportunities have to come up so close to graduation but close 23 weeks beforehand?
Everyone is complaining about the Polish taking jobs.
What about the lesbians taking our women?
I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: O Lord, make my enemies ridiculous.
And God granted it.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life insurance policy
President Barack Obama makes history once again by becoming the first U.S.
President to back samesex marriage!
Gm World!!!
you got to listen to Packer Face by C.W.A.
My Zen Thought for the Day: Time may be a great healer, but its a lousy beautician.
Thanks Jeff, I will check it out!
I just flew into Chicago and boy are my arms tired!
Har har har.
We are still waiting in the upstairs gym for another 45 minutes.
Should have packed a lunch.
I don't know why, but I expect the market manipulators to perform some magic after lunch and at least moderate the market move.
I do this shit for a living, ain't no fucking way a average hooper hanging with me if I got serious
Be sure to pace yourself.
You have the whole day ahead.
yes,opening for the Doobies.
He can still shredalthough he almost blew the speakers when he hit the wah wah pedal
Never tripping off of what aint mine
Sometimes yelling.
RT There's a point in a spreadsheet day where you realize you are addoctorssing excel by name as well as out loud.
Just got homedid doctorver dance yet?
Well, 's use of fuck it is pretty spot on and much needed addition to the
OMG, I seriously want some pancakes from IHOP.
Who wants to go?
hi!
Yes I made it for Haverford...should be out next week, I'll tweet a link when.
How is everything?
Are you in Philly?
Sucks that the political reality dictates we argue Who wins instead of celebrating the combined victoryof two Admins.
with a common goal
I am not coming home till after work  you are at soccer.
Mom is going to be home after her meeting.
that's about the extent of it.
Throw God in there and its complete!
Go Go!
Last day of the series and the last day for our HomestandCombo  Fried Chicken  Beer for 10!
NAW doctorPPING THE KIDS OFF AT SCHOOL
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho noone can stand, even their own family don't like em
sure I just have to find all the links lol
: abqtalk.
RE: Want to throw in how grateful I am for all the help gives to NPOs  We'll second that!
We gotta song out off r new record!!
Tell us u love it, if yer fingers r crossed, keep em behind yer back.
;
LOL doctorw Brees in Seattle?
Now THAT is a dynasty!!!!!
Things described as fun for the whole family just affirm my decision to never start one
do you really wanna love me forever, oh oh ohh or is it just a hit and run?
THIS x 1000!
RT Let the magic happen.
I'm tired of this 'must have the right pedigree' garbage.
I want heart and attitude.
I can't wait to read a bunch of dumb fake things on the internet tomorrow
To love another person is to see the face of God.
Les Miserables
If you're gonna be in Arizona on March 31st, come check out Bubble Bobble 4!
PLEASE!?
xD It'll be amazing!
Cool picture!
6 more tweets before I make it to 200 well now its 5 Lol :
Two great days in Korea anncing our equity w ShoutWaggenerEdstrom.
Now London to meet w the EMEA customer advisory board and UK colleagues.
Happy Birthday to my brother !!!!
I love you big head!!!
:
They was gud but Dm ur number so I can txt yu
Sometimes I wonder where.would I be at.if.I didn't change
Congrats on the Bill and Mary Diederich Scolarship!
professorssor has mixed reviews on rate my professorssor.
i'm a little nervous, pressure's on.
oh and I still can't believe he's my neighbor lol
if I were to buy a movie off itunes what movie would I buy...?
WANT MY PICTURE HMMP!
that's funny u say that cuz I wanna watch ball on you fools sunday
lmfao!
Yeahh.
That was just the mistake of the wrong street
song is catchy
Working hard to get some new ideas and some great foundations to add to our initiative!
Join us  our 2nd Tweetup April 27th  the Balloon Museum!
Starts  5pm w/cocktails  and speaker J.D.
Huss on Aviation in ABQ.
When a customer tells me i can keep the change and its a couple pennies i wanna punch them in the fuckin face
I think your guardian angel is Betty Boop!
no thanks
but it has been the subject of many articles and discussions.
could also be that marketing efforts  team success haven't aligned
We are planting seeds that will all bring fruit eventually.
Be patient with yourself.
Good morning!
Thanks for the retweets!
facejacker then on the road jack.
If you RT anything from into my timeline, and you aren't pointing out how ridiculous they are,
ditto on the contract
not a joke, i'm just kinda giving up and unless something magical happens in like two hours im deleting it.
Bats game just started no score yet
Don't HOW I found you on here, but am STOKED that you're on here!!
Never would've thought!
Understatement of the day I'm quite embarrassed about the result Neil Warnock, Leeds United boss
Congrats to Dominguez Insurance Services for hiring MAM5ive Creativegroup to launch and build their new marketing brand: brand ID developme
it was so good lol!
How are you friend?
ha, thanks Beth.
Much appreciated.
TurnToYou..I just cried hearing it.: the most beautiful and touching song I've ever heard, gonna go show my mom it iloveyou
getting better today :
Here we go!
UK vs.
KU Monday night.
If it is as exciting as these two games have been, I might need more bourbon.
:
I have the attention span of a 3 year old.
Happy Birthday Eddie!
Have you picked up the 4xLP reissue on Mississippi Records yet?
you know when you go crazy, cause you start histericaly laughing in the middle of your geometry class :P
Boston loves you and the whole team!!
Keep up the good work and think positive!!
BruinPride BostonOnTheRun Follow?
it's all over my timeline everyone is freaking out about this Lexi girl that Austin supposedly likes.
Enjoy your trip.
My bro helps run that airport there.
They have special guests in this week  they better treat u all well.
I am!
I have some experience with Val and her work,  I can say that she is graceful and perceptive.
I hope you will do it.
finally got a twitter.
How grand.
Might be cause Berad is boring...
I think about her all the time.
Even now, when Im sitting here, I think about her.
There could never have been another.
no problem :
thanks so much the follow!
I 3 Voss but don't treat myself to it enough : Yay for social/environmental responsibility projects!
Anyone need tickets to shellac tonight?
Thot u was sick RT : Watching the sandlot this is one of my favorite movies forreal
Love it!
I just sent out a constant contact message today!
Happy National sibling day!
I have the best sibs!
Jeremy, Tara, Tanji, Thristian and Tori!
U r welCUM!
Seriously thinking I have pink eye.
Kinda makes me feel like I'm in grade school again.
LOL!
:Happy Thursday all :
where u at?
Thanks, girlfriend!
Really?!
Was I the lifeguard?
lol
As much as you love Zuck, forget him.
Your real love is Ryan Holmes, or maybe Jack Dorsey.
What will hubby Paul think?
cc
The last few have been fascinating, the Amish continues excellent TV on I can make it to
Got a light switch, AND, got a mattress
There's packin heat, then there's packing heat with style.
A new fashion trend in N.
Texas.
Check it out on CW33 News at 9.
How long will the catnap be between thevoice seasons?
thanks for tweeting about the Coach's Show!
You Rock.
I dont know where my phone is.
I NEED TO CHECK IN TO HEATHERS LAIR!
Seriously though, any speakers or topics you'd like to hear at an upcoming RiseDesign event?
Let us know!

of Americans who've heard of France's new president Francois Hollande  3;  of Americans who've heard of Nicolas Sarkozy  4.
the length of your URLs scare me
your album isn't available on amazon...unlike the rest of america im andoctorid.
God ain't let itunes manifest in my life yet lol
all he does is link empty jargon to western science.
Evidence for his claims?
ZERO.
This is great!
Is your carto online anywhere?
I'd love to take a look.
tk11 if you say people need to 'learn to learn' now what have they been doing their whole lives til now?
Ok happyhour fans, what is your favorite Irish toast?
I told you this alright, but i love you.
iLove you in the morning, and in the after noon.
iLove you, iLove you, i love you.
Thanks for the follow and thank God for the Flaming Lips!
Is thankful for all of the cool gear that we get to play with every day.
What are you thankful for?
You fail Niall.
But this is why we love you AliPaige
Making Crepes  Nutella doctornking Coffee 3
RT New Mexico: Facility focus: TV News: State's stage count spikes w/ addition of Santa Fe Studios  State's sta...
bit.ly/ona4hK
Why did call me last might?
Why do you like the 35 1.4 for the C300?
Just curious.
I have both.
The 35 would look about like a 50 on the C300, right?
bro is earl free yet like some real shit
A new museum that makes science rock  GMA News
have you called him ?
and i will il tell him , and where is that at ?
i was gonna go 2 cameo
now i know i'm late, but Louisville didn't surprise me against Cincinnati.
nor against Syracus, because thats how we played all year long.
I had a pretty great weekend.
all I can say is Ily girl.
Lol p
that's gorgeous!
Have fun in California.
I will watch episodes of the OC in your honor.
Today is May the 3rd of year 2012 and I am on top of the world!!
Thanks be to God, my family, and my man!
It's humpday, do you know where your work week has gone?
The only race you have to win is the race against yourself..
So look within and push your own personal boundaries
Pentax is still a company?
But on a good note NO bad doctorams, just sleep 
watching Adventure Time all Day till I decide to get a lifeGo outside C:
damn he said we gotta be there Monday instead of Tuesday wtf i needed a day of rest
as they say in Japanese ...thanks to Anne
maybe as a coach but as a player he wont.
His min.
salary is to much for the steelers cap room.
later this month sometime.
We actually won't be able to come back for it....
Our schedules don't allow for it :
Have you tried our any of our new teas such as: Holy Detox, African Summer, Cherry Tisane, Irish Breakfast or Phoenix?
Almost completely installed, all the Marimekko pieces are bright and lovely!
SomeWhereOutThere is dude that's about to lose his virginity to the girl of his doctorams...problem is, she'll forget all about him tomorrow
If Harry and Lily are really dating I doubt that their relationship would really last
RT : Congrats and good luck to all our ARathletes in the NFLdoctorft!
We're proud of you, Overdogs!
no not dis year its the pats an giants
I just read an short article on coaching mistakes and I completely agree.
I never pull a kid out for making a mistake or 2.
you too Brandon !

nah!
he'll switch around a bit.
just letting it flow
Enjoying a Spurs Game on this last night of my vacation.
Two weeks of relaxation to end the year was pretty awesome.
Now let's get a win!
Fantastic point.
I'm thinking Jack, though.
Yes.
Internt is back on, I can have a life again and fangirl!
:
Um everybody just ain't gon like u
Yes!
I have actually been here a while, but not doing the Belltown thing.
This is way more fun!
promoted tweet RT : the show is fantastic ma'am.
Ppl bid on forfeited storage units.
Don't judge a show by its title!!!

Exactly!
Don't blink!
That's hotter than the green stuff...reallyBH

An ego hinders your ability to influence more than anything else under your control.
Michael McKinney...
checkitatthedoor
Are Georgetown and Lexington in the clear?
Making peanut butter better.
2 UofOregon students create Wild Squirrel Nut Butter,a fave of Next
told you Uncle Dave has connections!!!!
Very true Carl.
Kudos to Carmelo and the Knicks on a huge game.
Scrubbing floors at the new Pine City Fire Department today.
Happy to be busy this week.
Uh, yep, my first tweet : 
No question.
Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain If only you were still alive, then the crappy, weak, limp, unoriginal, overrated Foo Fighters would be dead.
My life has been compromised by negativity,battered,beaten,stolen,erased,and emotionally I'm hurt but everyday I'm glad to be the smart one
Look what this Boy sent to his Grandma instead of his Girlfriend
thanks missy!
I love female gaymers too
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders.
Jewish proverb
I have changed the channel dude
The institution where I artistically grew
Over 50 of men by age 50 have male pattern hair loss.
The Pacers will win Game 1.
Thanks for everyone who came to our event in Buffalo today with Very informative event!
so bored
where yo friend house at ?
N on the 91 freeway
Hope mine doctorps by Dunkin' Donuts too RT : BREAKING: American Airlines Flight Makes Unscheduled Stop at ATM
or maybe a night of margaritas with the McMillins?
We are looking for .net developers!
Email
I hope we're speaking of the same event, and that it didn't happen twice.
I read about it last week.
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Smartphone.
Dbl rainbow Middleton
bentwood wolfgang till we die if u hatin then go suck on a dick
: I could have came and got you on my motorcycle....
I got boots..
On my way to aam2012 early in the a.m.
See y'all there!
Lakers have a player on the team who will start a riot in a minute  he calls himself worldpeace , WTF is wrong with tht man?
I'd take a good oldfashioned snowstorm over this sweltering heat any day.
so glad it is finally friday!
I have the most amazing soulmate who is so incredibly good to me.
Thanks for every kindness Michael.
I love you.
This new deal sweeter den peach Ciroc.
90s wage growth meant you could 2x income in 30 years.
With today's wagegrowth, it would take 300 years.
Janice Eberly
RT : I'm thinking we hit up for lunch.
I'm not afraid to WienerUp in the middle of the day.
u just happen to choose the 3 best players in the world lol..
But in 3v3 I do agree
Followed!
to follow shortly as well!
GoBuckeyes nice INT yesterday, Howard.
Web Tip of the Day: Social media is useless if you have nothing to say.
Christmas lights bonus for Westbrook kids  The Daily Post Christmas lights bonus for Westbrook kids The Daily Post Westbrook School will
Just met at the Falls Church Farmers Market today, and seriously considering an Alaskan salmon share for Sept 2012.
it should be clear now that Bynum doesn't want to be here.
Pau no longer is fighting to stay either.
You cant imagine how much fun Im not having
A phone with no camera is just a tragedy
Hello baby
Show tonight at RockBar in Nashville, TN!!
Come kick it with us!!!
We are so pumped to have follow us.
Im surprised i don't take pills in my sleep
I want Justin bieber in the middle of the cove not stupid one direction
Sundays have been our wedding workday for the last year and a half...
what are we to do in 19 more days?
:
I hate u
Tomorrow is gonna be hell.
House Environmental Matters votes out amended form of Senate's ethics bill.
Obama visits Los Angeles 20 cookbooks we should free after Obama in recession as Chinese airport hires
What a blast of a concert last night given by in Panama City, FL!
Standing ovation!
Repo: the Genetic Opera...
Rocky Horrorstyle!
Also, Anthony Stewart Head is here...awesomeness.
ya u do if u didnt u wouldnt bee defendin ''u dont care''
I hate that I can fall asleep easy everywhere but my bed .
I miss Victoria 's tweets man!!!!
:
hey it looks awesome!
I love LA, but I fucking hate burbank.
what's ye pin
ICM crowd: have a copy of 's book , please check the signatures.
If it is made out to me, I would LOVE to get it back.
Loved seeing you on Bill Maher this week!
Richard Brinsley Sheridan He is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.
cheer up don't worry about doctorma yolo!
Hungry aafpg!!!
I just looked over my left shoulder and saw Kim Granatell going to .
Thank you, kind friend of mine!!
Did sopablackout start early?
I wondered.
psyche  just more chrome dns failure
when are you going live?
or if are you going live for the challenge?
Hollywood Alley tomorrow, come by for a doctornk and welcome back Mark to his first show since becoming a Daddy, show starts at 9, early...
talk to you more ; and its fun!
lol
Thank you for following as well!
The SECRET CONFERENCE MEETING went well, but Larry Scott lost a contact, leading to several hilarious misunderstandings.
You seriously dont understand anythingg...it doesnt have anything to do with you
Just got done having a mud fight.
Cant believe im as girly as i am and had a mud war with the besties!!!
royal plush!!!!
sweet have a great show!!
Nice..
Wanna come on pds?
XD
Live right, save sight!
Plan time for exercise during the holidays.
Wait .
so the ICONic Boyz  Vinny are coming to Chicago in September  august?
uh its saturday....uh because nuccas aint real....uh shit, just because
The charity photo shoot I do today with Michael was really great
JMFJ!!!!!!!
Announcing to the crowd at Michigan/Wacker that USA won
LOVE IT!!!
You are truly living Your Life..Your Purpose!
i dont think i ever been this angry in my life jus pure hatred!!
dont like the feeling  all
Labor almost always able2 doctorstically reduce 4crisis,not perm.
Corps stopped givng a fk.

he still hasnt texted me since, no type of explaination.
where have you been.
0o
MT : 2 F16s intercepted generalaviation plane that violated airspace restrictions as President Obama left LA this morning
and I thought my friday night was going to be boring.
So excited for
you're welcome!
Lol thats what i think too!!: whats the point of twitter?
IfIWasPresident march 1st would be a national holiday and beliebers would all get off school for that  all other bieber related functions
Thank you for letting us know!
Luckily, we are currently offering free shipping at www.Clear2O.com!
i flip that middle finger up and the index finger follow.
duecez.
Thanks for confirming I'm not crazy.
Glad I'm not the only one!
this could be interesting
Remember you are blessed.Some have it way worse than you do.Peace Love Respect .
Enjoy life.
Day TWO of Joe's ride to raise funds from Creative Arts Camp!
Thanks, Joe!
haha I love you Trace!!
I just got tickled by my 5 year old cousine!
1 more hour
My Name Has A Meaning.,!
aw shit im at.wrk ima get up wit u next time
Missed you too Mikey!
So is it a bad sign that I watched the saxeT spring game to scout for OU/TX in 7 mos?
Say, where do those steps lead to?
Argee pretending to give birth  LOL
it's scary how fast this year went .
Why would you name a group Travis Porter when it sounds like only one person is in it?
That ain't right.
.
In Cape, tired.
Don't really feel like dealing with my family today.
RT Loyalty is all I know..
Everything is up and running at today's Church Choral Music Reading Session and our Organist Only reading session.
M...Doughnuts?
40th  8th ill meet you at the corner then
S/O to my new follower TeamFollowBack!
Cant my phone is broken.
Its 9193496597
Think I'm shutting off the phone and getting sum much needed rest....
Sitting in my car outside U of I's shadiest apartments with the music on loud.
Yeah, I'm THAT person.
What makes you think you can get this girl all of a sudden get naughty.
u should have to touch her heart mind 1st before u touch her body.
sounds like fun!
And for a great cause
Totally, I'm super down to go!!
Hopefully HOB SD will happen soon...sigh...why jackson!
I coulda been your baby momma...why...lmao
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 44
Yay trip done and home for weekend!!!
Tip 3: Wealth  Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
thanks for following me doctorke!!
hahahaha sadly no not today maybe friday tho!
My mom is well my daughters well so that means I am well, I'm back to tweeting bitches
aye dont forget my ipod hoe!
FYI World: is and will be more successful than you can understand.
If you know him, consider yourself lucky.
Just had an amazing meeting!!!!
can'twait !!!!
So many great things happening in the next few months!
Will do!
What did you think of the film?
I need a haircut!
Have a good show, lady!
OPB radio coverage is no more.
American roots my a
Thanks, Michael.
I enjoyed your piece on how you became misterEditor.
Take care, and hope your work is going equally swimmingly.
Dont stand me up just ...tell me you dont wanna go with me anymore....
Two men, one rash.
ight imma check It out thanks
I've never been to the Tour de France but I did see a crackhead on a 10 speed crash into a tree at 20 Mph in Tompkins Square Park.
RT Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
Dorothea Lange
The Zohar book is a powerful tool for protection from physical illness and danger in all forms.
i geuss ;P
Happy Holidays to you as well!
agreed  more inspired and feeling supported than I have in so long!
Thank you for sharing our posts!
Fabulous dinner last night !
Bone marrow app was a hit w/our marrow newbie peeps.
Night cap after AdamCarolla was perfect!
so got any tips on getting my golfer boyfriend interested in yoga?
my teacher is awesome, helped other golfers.
but BF just scoffs
thanks for the follow
pretty good!
: I just woke up hahah : what are you up to?
This is what we had to wear for the skit....
Yes.
I am sponge bob and i am proud of it.
://t.co/KBMv4gIX
GiambattistaVico MarcelDanesi it gets kinda tedious...
I can relate to turntoyou so much.
it's definitely bringing tears to my eyes3
Lots of great local design information  inspiration from you and your daily online DCDesign paper.
TY  Cheers!
:
Tech  Soc Wk 5: 12 of Medicare payments pay for services during the last month of an average patient's life.
It WON'T STOP RAINING
Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Me !!
I Will Follow Back
Horchata, leave it to the Mexican's to invent leftover Cinnamon Toast Crunch milk before Cinnamon Toast Crunch existed.
If you take my tweets seriously, I feel sorry for you.
Today is the most frustrating day I've had in a long time.
So glad I'm not full of rage anymore, or this could be bad.
excited to have you in our space!!!!
Oops.
Forgot you were 20 now.
Whatevs.
But Toby is still top of the list right?
: I saw a fat lady with a M.O.B.
tattoo on her arm.
I asked money over btches?
She said No, McDonalds over Burger King.
Happy New Year Twitter family Want cheaper bills each month,and money back for paying those bill?Then you must!
http:/www.5linx.net/L480387
It just came to me that I get to go to Amoeba this week!
Yes!
When im on my knees...
It is not to pray.
man the punk ass police fuck up 55 day
Dave watched your call of that game at least 10 times!
You are now a permanent resident of Cooperstown!
Good night people in the east of America sweet doctorams D
RT : Please introduce yourself and tell us what Chapter you're from!
Seriously.
Loosing that hour feels like i lost an entire week..of sleep
If A female is alreadi mad..den u bash her...Do u think her Attitude is bout to change?
The 1st step: acknowledging truth.
Flip flops aren't real shoes.
Lol
Heaven is a hashpipe
just finishing; Lewis explains well the idiocy and dishonesty behind the catastrophe
LORD?!
looks like a PRINCE HAHA!
get it
0 of Waukesha County is reporting...I am shocked
i don't follow, are you stating less is more?
12 columns or go home?
Always do something interesting and engaging, and they'll talk  of
Christans, stop hiding behind the Word of God!
Come out and show your face and embrace!
Its your heart that will show them Jesus
HAHAHA.
sweat lady?
oh my.
Happy birthday Khudobin!
Had a wonderful time at today's Annie's List luncheon, and am now out blockwalking before visiting the Irving NAACP meeting.
Happy Birthday to PrincessBooker, Jah Bless!
Just spent 30mins playing deer hunter on my ipad...
I blame you
Worked with prom..
lmao and u just had to put this on twitter
granted, that's very pie in the sky, but whatever.
they'll still do fine.
my mom didnt wake me up!!!!
now im late for school!!!
cardcont  Level of detail  bias by the back door, doctorven by economics and the evil market 
Well spoken
Would you be interested in doing a short writeup on the 9th District race  the recent forums for our blog?
Interesting to watch Keith Olbermann trying really hard not to be a dick on This Week.
will be my 4th highedweb come october.
Finally submitted a proposal.
Interesting topic be sure to see url
Ratatat is such a chill band
we love.
oh thanks that explains a lot lol 
Hope to have any of your group that wants to come out and spread the love of Ultimate!
u can tweet but not photoshop?
Want a nudist discount vacation 2 nights 200 Caliente Resorts
I miss you too!!!
I'm guessing your not going to the Chicago show on Wednesday ?
Against my better advice, you've gone and elected me to the ALCTS CMS Executive Committee.
Or that's what my email says.
OR Eddie The GreekShaved Strip loin, Lettuce, Tomato, Feta Cheese, Kalamata Olives and Tzatziki Sauce Wrapped in Naan Bread
done with day 2 of standing desk.harder than day 1
Yes, Planning is underway for webdev12.
And you are invited.
God morning my beautiful bab
woooot RT : Starting homework at midnight.
Spent the day playing Fifa12 with my boys.
So worth it haha
Ahaha!
I love it!
:
wonderful IoT infographic!
I'll be presenting on market frameworks for the Internet of Things at TPRC this year :.
IT'S GOING DWN TNGHT  FAST EDDIES EMBASSY OAKS, W/DJ TRINI B.
102 5 COVER W/FREE POOL, 1 WELLS, 2 CALLS, 3 PREMIUMS, ALL NIGHT LONG!!!
It's worth trying again.
There are new, more developerfriendly people in charge of rubygems since this summer.
The Hunger Games is so much better the second time around.
Yeap and rumor has it he ate the Light Weight Title!
Don't know a ton about OEM at the moment, but I will scare up some resources.
Party bus anyone for Brad?
25 bucks!
Need like ten more people!
awesome!
How bout you?
What time is it there?
Look, is it just me or Jelena always break up before award shows?
Let's just wait till Sunday.
Maybe they're still together.
TY so much for the shoutout!
:
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning!
im going through it right now.
hardest thing ever.
Working on the top films of 2011 list.
Which is your favorite of the year?
Finally, something goes right!
It's a sign!
No!
Was it Stuart Smalleyesque?
RT : Did you see my message on your mirror in the doctorssing room?
Hypocritical much?..
Doug Kalitta and Ron Capps opened the 2009 Full Throttle doctorg Racing Series season with wins in Funny Car...
Just spoke to Vince Sweeney from the UW.
He says he wasn't suprised that people defended Chadima in this latest report.
I usually listen to Chelsea Grin on occasion, but Lilith sounds like something i'd wanna listen to everyday!
I doctornk Better when I text!
: Holiday Bowl: The Longhorns athletic dept budget is more than twice that of Cal.
yep
how much shit does a person need
Who is this Matt Moore kid?!
I'm proBooze at Baby Showers.
Shots?
No.
Full Bar?
No.
Wine and/or Mimosas  good for mamatobe and her pals :
My honore Thank you
Im not the only one who cant tell the difference between the Path and Pinterest logos, right?
i dont know
repeat RT: Dear God, plz protect my liver, life savings,  dignity this wknd.
Also, plz help me not die.
Amen.
SNAP and WIC programs.
Adoctorssing Food Insecurity in the US.
The fact that we have hot chocolate in the kitchen now means I will absolutely be making DIY Dunkaccinos every morning.
Epsom soak, hot tub and ice cold pool.
Step 1 of my daily prep for brewersfantasycamp is complete.
Off to the stadium.
Can't say I know of any other published sources...
noo i wrote alot of it during study hall i only have to finish writing part of my 4th body paragraph and the conclusion
I agree  AK is spectacular in the summer months.
All that daylight, teeming with beauty and wildlife.
Ready for Bedlam baseball tonight at GoPokes!!!
EPIC FAIL RT We took new guy to magic market.
He embarrassed us by asking for a diet coke and then ordering a water...
Turn my bones to sand.
You got out pretty fast lol.
Just finished my concert in Marciac,France,with Kirk Lightsey,Dwayne Burno and Victor LewisBIG fun!!
I used to favor big, clunky shoes hoping people would notice them and not my big, clunky feet.
Everything I've said in the past 24 hours has been unintentionally horrifying/hilarious.
Wordsmith, y'all.
can u follow me plzz
This sunday!
Relive all of the magical moments of CMA fest right from the comfort of your own couch Country's Night To Rock on ABC!!!!
TIL i have a japanese geert hofstede power distance.
time to get austrian up in here.
If you get that burning/warm feeling in your stomach when you think about success in a certain realm, its your passion.
Never ignore it.
Damn Bettimet would have scored...
Doritos ad could be 1 of this year's best.
If you need an ad expert 4 pre or postgame review, consider talking w/ again
Setting' the tent up at the entrance to Frontiere Field today..
say hi on your way in!!
LIFE WOULD B LIFE IF DER WASN'T OBSTACLES
Definitely!
Hope all is well with you.
How 'bout we chat later this week?
DM me a few times that work for u.
:
If you aren't watching The Announcement on ESPN, make sure you catch replay.
my dad always tags me in pictures of my baby sister on facebook.
like why..
sideways it sorta looks like a fish :
YES!!
Its Friday.
Need we say more?
starting 3rd place today man i hope you win go kenny go get em
you coming to the gold coast film fest saturday?
valentine's week  are you heart ready?
Tip: find a brighton store near you 
would definitely be the same warranty...
As far as the apple store goes, not sure.
But definitely get a Mac!!
You will love it
Obama: Can I mention again that I got Bin Laden?
Because I totally did.
Just, you know, FYI.
my Mom put as her staus  i'm Watching my SoninLaw on ABDC Nick i was like Fangirling :ILYShawty3
bandsilove System Of A Down.
Giving Thanks for the RTs!
Bro you a bum
Obama makes jokes about eating dog, about Romney's wealth, about Romney's dog, about a secret 2ndterm agenda.
Thank you Emma Silverman!!
You rock sister!
Thank you for your love and support!
Thank you for the mention!
Have a great weekend!
This weekend was a good one.
And to end it I'm watching my fav housewives!
RHONJ Jacqueline,  Kathy : 
Looks like I'm cooking pot roast on Tuesday according to my older brother.
All are welcome.
Throwing Candy for 's avatar
how have u been
Your favorite fish fry location in MKE: or ?
At TIA waiting to board plane to ATL.
Triple mocha doesn't balance getting up at 4:45am.
yawn
There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together.
Black funk.
One of those weekends where I made a horse's ass out of myself so many times I should have just doctorssed up as one.
I love the super bowl!
It's like thanksgiving.
The house is starting to smell of great food!
What are you doing today?
Thanks much for the RTs
There's only been like five episodes out, i've only missed one..
thanks to my dang DVR.
: but you must see them!
YouGettinPunchedIf take my headphones off.
Not really, except for the statuses.
Looking forward to tasting the new menu items at 's happy hour tomorrow night!
Madonna is 'not a person you warm to', says Hugo Vickers, the historian who advised on her film, W.E.
10 Jun 2011......
Trying to figure out how to shoot video on my Canon Rebel.
Tonight, it's join down...and all in the name of
Good lift ta day ma arms feel great NO SLEEP
Good morning!
I need lots of coffee today!!
Five points to Gryffindor.
: Indiana Farm Bureau Insurance?
Guess I'm not going over there to watch the game
The Dickies and Fear.
I find it strange that we go to great efforts to track and categorize approved runtime env.
work, but then ignore the web browsers.
innovation is meeting a need based on the tools in front of you.
Great example of soccer ball  one's trash another's recycling

Happy Valentines Day !
Trunk Show Saturday, October 22 Joseph Abboud Apparel  Daniel Dolce doctorss shirts and cuff links
More on mystery aircraft?
Hurrah!
help me out and spread the word!
thanks for your support girl!
Us Beliebers have to stick together :
Success is not a destination thing, its a daily thing.
John Maxwell
Chris Tomlin performing live on 268generation.
Singing world Great is our God!!
imagine Liam: i don't want you to go.
you: i need to.
Liam: but what if i never let you go ?
you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
Thanks for the follow!!
I look like a moron in my picture...
BUT it makes me laugh soo 
hey...
This girl does
I absolutely love it, but its like being on the opposite schedule of when I was in school.
Now my summers are the busy time.
RT : So excited to be on your show this morning with
Congratulations and good luck finishing up!
Things are good.
I escaped the monkey cage I've been recently and am now a recovering ambitious Admiral ; Coming north soon!

so tired today.
Need to go grocery shopping.
Blah
We Republicans need to defeat the celebrity candidate Obama.
Let's all pledge to go out and win one for the Gipper.
please follow back??:
I'm dedicated to my family, Friends, Music and the creation of the
TM Tip: Stop interrupting yourself!
Think about it  how often are your work days selfinterrupted?
Library web folks.
We want to use CMS for our site.
We're looking into WordPress, doctorpal and Joomla.
What do you use/recommend?
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
please call me, let em ease ya mind
That's also exactly what I do when I'm procrastinating writing anything.
One year anniversary arriving in the Emerald City.
Oh no!
I hope you're feeling better.
Good night gorgeous people!!!!!
:
School will bore u if u have 2 much work
Mom, I got you  my sister a great christmas present!
Perri, it better not have ears and a wagging tail...
Guess a puppy is out this yr
Just got a great call from thanks for the love and for the words of wisdom.
I've never smelled a fart I didn't like.
I'm glad nothing else happened.
Did some one hit u
others are not responsible for your happiness, you are
Don't forget to Like us on Facebook this week for a chance to win 2 tix to 3/29 SD Lady Gaga concert!
Well be doctorwing a winner on Monday.
thanks for following!
I see we have a lot in common.
I work for shoes too!
Yal can say what yal want, but the Music on those Pokemon video games back in the day was AMAZING!!!
Your outer world is a direct reflection of ur inner world.
A tree is always known by its fruit.
Fun times are coming!
I am not justifying their business model.
I am complaining about an article steeped in that sense if entitlement.
for reals!
I assumed it was a skate shop b/c it looks extreme.
mother's day is over.
you may now request sandwhiches again.
:
Woo hoo  it's Festival of Lights, baby!
Tonight 69pm in downtown GSO.
www.festivaloflightsgso.org.
Be there or be square!
Avengers was dope by the way...
But I wouldn't spend the extra money on 3D though.
Ironman or Hulk?
Who cares they both suck
Nice game!
RT :
IMMATURE: a word boring people use to describe fun people.
daily quote by Childish
took your boy to some classy places tonight
Excuss me while I go cry into my pillow until I fall asleep.
RT : This is the Madame Tussaud preview of the new Beach Boys exhibit, right?
It doesn't burn anymore!
vodkasavestheday  tattoo
np Oxford CommaVampire Weekend.
Forgot how much I love cream cheese crackers.
Me too RT: Im fuking sick
want to keep up with everything going down at Cannes?
Check out cannescentrale.com or download the iPhone app.
ChristI  this time she blogged prudent puerile
lol its all good.
and thats pretty cool, i never heard about them and I wouldnt mind winning 2 houses :
Today at our event we're learning about building your platform w/ 
Cool.
I hope he gets his payday.
Nice..
looks good buddy....
EXACTLY!!!
Weaves are for every race tho.
I did.
Trying to figure out how to write about it
Thanks for following !
Thank you.
i have no idea what I'd do without you.
3
And my hands hate me.
I feel bad cuz I'm not getting on twitter as much.
We are all halves looking to be whole
Dis dike bitch tricia just called me a PM head
won't load.
What did people do before ?
Is it too much to ask to hold off the UVa football stories until after the UVa bball season?
I'm tweeting that I need someone to love
i hate the new youtube :
Happy Monday!
Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com Connect.Discover.Share with others!
Thanks for coming out!
Hope you had fun!
Sounds like my Cinco de Mayo :
it won't let me watch!
run down the street like a mad person and if anyone asks claim your lindsay lohan..
thats what i'd do anyways
Happier Hour Soon!
On MothersDay pause to say a prayer for all those who would be mothers but for the horror of
I guess the bike thief spoke too soon.
Tonight we are listening to the original Orson Welles radio broadcast of WAR OF THE WORLDS.
Thoughts to come at
rolled into Clark street ale house and dead milkmen came on.
Philly in the house
Cool.
This week is a little crazy.
It mad shows and events I gotta hit.
Next week should be better
Sydney Harris When I hear somebody sigh Life is hard I am always tempted to ask Compared to what
oh sorry haha I meant her .
google pages are a great tool for bloggers: circle sharing, seo, photos, videos, Hangouts, ripples, etc.
If you love someone you better prove it Because love is not a noun to be defind But a verb to be acted upon
Ive had about 10 accounts not order today.
Funny thing is, they ALL asked me to bring them something.
Neons, Coasters,Shirts,Cups etc.
:: tying flies w/ a waning fever for Del.
trip...sickness will not stop me, but flies look rather ill.
2007 Microsoft buys Avenue A for 6 Billion 2009 Publicis buys Razorfish from Microsoft for .5 Billion
Keenly interested in their amazing simplicity.
No is not an answer.
Its a challenge to your perseverance!Delano Johnson
i got my ib shirt on.
im READY :
Social media has changed the world..
Significantly..,
me too...its like a month since ive seen you and thats not fair!
GreatestAlbumsOfAlltime Whitney Houston 1985 
They're gypsies.
Really.
hermit week for sure
Some people always gonna be stuck in their same old ways that set them back..
Once was enough for me!
I like that one too, not seen it in while either
that would be great!
A great summer read is Pearl of China esp if you have read The Good Earth!
Recomm'd by NPR also.
no more rum...
but y the rum
Romney  Obama should debate using the universal language of music via that contraption Dick Van Dyke wore in Mary Poppins
You were missed on Tuesday.
Hope all is well with you.
cause you have too much swag for
I haven't watched yet!
Edit your tweets carefully.
E.
oh.
OK.
I thought perhaps they endorsed Beelzebub for the GOP.
Browns players who call it the dog pound instead of the dawg pound piss me off.
kno and respect the tradition god damn it
shit at this NIGGA Jeff crib wit P bout to turn up n grab this bottle u slidin ova here tonight ?
Im tellin ya.
Girls night.
Next weekend.
Ill be in ATL this weekend :
Zimmerman's lawyer and friends are starting to trash Trayvon Martin now.
We've landed into blame the victim territory.
Big thanks to for teaching me am entire trig unit in 15 minutes 3
We apologize for not getting with you sooner.
what a gaylord
Sounds good!
Where you at?
come back desperate house wives imy!
is gay!
he went for a reach around!
o:
What fantastic ideas for differentiating professorlearning.
I'd love to learn more about each.
Consider writing about it on educoach blog
At Startup grind meetup with
WOW terrible hacking from me.
Thanks for your warning.
taken steps not sure it's enough.
No problem
let all that i am praise the Lord; with my whole heart i will praise His holy name psalm 103:1
I'll love you like no other guy can.
I'll treat you like a princess.
I'll show you off to the world.
I'll hold you close.
You'll be mine.
Fountain of youth is in....
I don't say it enough....
my family is awesome....
I feel like it should just be Pedi so when ppl ask is it a Pedicab co or a Pedicure Co you'd be like, both!
And then: gasp.
He done the heart x
You and a bunch of other fans/experts
that you sir, just wanted to say hello because I always will recall ur name around my house as a child !
Good talking with you!!!
You have what it takes.
then I need to be concerned too  but I do it in front of the models.
Eep!
i bet!
i was so mad i missed it
RT : Also: GOP Rep.
Gottwalt, who sits in back of House chamber near crowd, brought ear plugs for today's session.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
I'M ONLINE SHOPPING!!!!
Hold on to your heart now honey, don't think for second that you've figured me out.
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
I wish I came out the closet when I was in high school so I still wouldn't to have see the surprise on ppls faces as an adult..
Hey!
I had an in your honor!
haha RT : 1.
Thanks for the invite 2.
ENJOY!
3.
THANKS FOR THE INVITE ;
Ok then ill ask:
thanks for the shout!
Oops according to the interwebs and the twitterverse I was wrong in my last tweet  Coca Cola has not bought GTs Kombucha yet
no those are Amish people and they don't watch it cause they don't have a tv
but there is nothing to go half on..
like the car?
She never said she needed help, she always said she got it  didn't care
whats good twit game?
anyone wanna pregame tonight for tomorrow?
after all its almost
You can invest in the Stock Market and gamble or you can Invest in Yourself and control your Return!
It pays dividends the rest of your l
re: redline train holding at Dupont for train behind us pls use real minutes to estimate when we'll be moving.
Not momentarily
Welcome to cni12s!
Registration opens at 11, Chesapeake Gallery.
First time  CNI?
Come to Cliff's orientation  11:30, Harborview BR
Twitter is like an eating flesh.
Once started it will eat you alive at the end, like the Chagrin skin.
Can you oppose this?
It worth it!
Happy New Years!
thanks darling : ugh this stuff is so confusing!
What are you looking forward to this week?
Lucky 400 is !
Congratulations, you win this tweet.
Fagin: Must adopt high degree of skepticism but low degree of cynicism and realign relationship with audience.
That's allowed, right??
gonna be a crazy day!
Happy New Year to you, too!
Way late reply, but I have it.
then she is clearly missing out!
Just preordered the Uncle Tupelo vinyl reissues, 7 box set  a tshirt.
RT : I had the best massage ever tonight ..
shout out to Jackie in GSO ..
amazing
is that every clouds doctoram?
I don't like pvps much ..
bet you couldn't guess..
lol
Real niggas who put they dick in without a condom YOLO :
We love asses!
RT Alright yall, tonight's the last show of the Spring!
Get your asses to !
930 pm.
my page is dead.
i need follows
Just got back from the hair salon My hair feels so soft
haha witch one?!
pretty interesting talk don't you think?
I'm at daystage now
i should really do my hw
your answer is yes I'm working on twitters new reality TV show produced by FMG TV I see your work was that all done in Spain?
getting all riled up for a summertime tour
hhaha u just got Arianafied!
Good One!
hope your crew is having a great holiday weekend!
:
Some people never realize the extent of the pain they've caused you.
they're too selfish to see.
you deserve better..
stay strong
Well, on behalf of you, and , I'll go to work on a Red Sox iPad app immediately.
And I'm not kidding!
all we got is memories so what the fuck is time
it's moved to continue development under the apache foundation.
So people can install the tech locally
Listening to Cinderella  LongColdWinter for the fist time in years.
Love that album!!
Reminds me of a simpler time...
FINAL: No.
1 seed Spalding University defeats No.
5 Southern Virginia 42; Golden Eagles advance to USCAASCWS semis tomorrow at 2pm.
will keep you in mind 4 speaking referrals in the future.
85 The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captainres the doctormatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
There has to be a better way to do online faculty governance than this.
To think that ALA Council runs more efficiently.
sigh
is turning over a new leaf.
a new lunch leaf.
hell yea
going to be super super early tonight :D haha makes us for only getting 4 hours of sleep last night!
How did I read the stars so wrong?
oh cuz we all got called not to go but she didn't get a call haha, text David give him her 
I want Too High and DooF to be liberated this summer.
I guess it's not a liberation if it's never been played though!
Bumped into 2 other dads I know today buying NHL stickers in my town.
I know that must make happy!
Last SONG!!!
WHAT A WEEKEND!!!
Texas here I come!!
Not very nice weather today, but at least the cool temps are good for all you marchers out there!
Hope you have great shows this weekend!
Well I didn't do like any of my English work
Thanks for the hookup!!!
I LOVE swagbucks!
I think leadership comes from integrity  that you do whatever you ask others to do
Interesting Target Field will become 100 smoke free.
As a nonsmoker, not an issue, but I don't see a problem with one designated area
The world didn't end on 5212011 so I guess it's back to work on Monday.........
I wanna shower but my cousin is outside playing and my instincts say BITCH if that were your kid you wouldn't do it!
Having your crap team down 30 in the playoffs is like doctorving to work knowing you're getting fired!
Hedo you gone learn today
This is gonna be a great day for doing NOTHING!
Looking forward to it!
looking' good Robin!!
im done now
I knew my heart couldn't handle this.
Then again, I'm surprised it managed this long.
hahah I know
No doubt, Terps have the best bench celebration of any team sport.
Period.
ha ha, yes.
That would take some extreme peddle power to reach you.
Come visit when you have a chance!
Is it possible to make a million dollars in a day?
Thinking of you at 6chestnuthillstore.
Wish I could be there.
I love seeing all your tweets!
Don't listen to the nutsos that follow you and then don't want to read what you say!
Thanks so much  Rock on!
:
love u!
Is a honor for me to share a stage with you xoxo
Idk why I'm so tired...It might just be the weather.
Yep.
I just changed my password.
Sorry.
Of course they give Kobe the ball...
Is it April 17th yet?
New Schedule D reporting has been the bain of the season.
All brokerage reporting not equal.
Can you spell extension?
follow back Bro?
Three runs and a fifth inning which was completely saved from the garbage heap by the defense?
Beautiful day for some baseball.
Go Nats?
dang!
stupid commercials!
: I recuse myself of this thread.
Getting too real up in here.
Between Bynum and Gasol the Lakers have collected all the rebounds in the world.
I don't wanna be a freshman next year.
Ohh well.
i miss you so much.
but i still love and support you tho :
fridayreads Long Walk to Freedom
Blueberry Muffins3
doctoram of tomorrow, live today
What's with Ray missing FT's in this series?!
and now i just LIKED /sharknife, woo
Newsweek, congrats.
You will never, ever be seen in my household again.
That cover is offensive on every level.
Thought that a Highestbest use when I bought themthough given for culinary pleasure alone.
ok sounds good!
i'm just gonna look around tweet some people and see if i can find out : :
yes that course was pretty fast.
Came in a minute under my stretch goal time, so I was happy with that!
Wow, costly RT : Pretty bad deal for Jonathan Vilma.
For offering a 10,000 bounty on Warner  Favre, he will lose 2.6 million
Omw to work blasting my man mixtape!!
Todd haley's beard.
or maybe i should call a lil later, ppl prolly still in church.
OnRamp is mindful of Air Quality Awareness Week.
100 renewable energy means less emissions to power our
I might be, but I can't guarantee that I will.
Won lacrosse game!3
success is the best revenge 
well, im glad to be getting people who agree with me  not little girls attacking me.
lol.
Beyonce deffo singin to track.
The mics  allwhite horns  allgirl section is playin shows she has a sense of humor about it.
Do not fear we didn't have to leave school I mean the ceiling could have calapsed but
NO I GOT SWITCHED TO NEW TWITTER!
Client wants to know what color we should have on the walls for the 'Archive Room.' Vetting furniture and carpet.
Feeling spoiled.
It's another one of those eerily beautiful days in Hampden, come in, grab a burger and a salad and sit out front and enjoy it in the sun!
For sure, especially since you live in Milwaukee!
Now I just need to get to move back here.
Tonight we are young.
So we'll set the world on fire.
We can burn brighter than the sun.
That missed call hurt us there.
It took you a month to answer me.
Now, you want me to answer you quickly in one day.
Wrong Negro!
Arik Cannon pins Erick Stevens with a sunset flip.
We are an urban school district this cannot be ignored!
Nichelle Nichols, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
As much of a chicken shit as I am, I am so curious about ghosts and stuff like that.
Thanks!
It's amazing what can make cookies stick
Barbara!
Can you give me some advice for a wine newbie?
Thanks!
;
During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were 'just going down to
I feel like we are cory and topanga..especially in that episode when topanga moves from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh
Twilight saga beats inception, social network, and black Swan at mtvmovieawards...
Best movie!!
Justice has been served!!!!
So beautiful.
:
Your date can read beneath your act subconsciously, so be authentic.
sloancres What was the URL and code for the membership?
i love clothes.
and benedoctorl.
If you haven't listened to Fang Island lately you should probably go ahead and do that.
You're welcome.
thank you :D if you like it, please tweet about us :
this just turns my world upside down...I'm Orlando  not Seattle?!?
Don't know if I can handle this...
I love my Kindle.
My only complaint is that it's not a touch screen...but now it is!
Not much to say about our motel today in Sanderson, TX, so no blog post.
Fingers crossed as we leave this morning for Marathon
Gorgeous women that rock tims with booty shorts.
exits TL Ion Wanna Hear About You Bitches  106  Park..
Happy Valentines Day Nick I love you !
my bestfriend gave me the best advise..
I might get to make use of my lis403 evaluation skills on the job; I didn't always like that class, yet I am excited about that.
Huh...
Kick off your weekend here at Outwrite with 10/20/30  Off SALE BIG Double Punch doctornk of the Day is our German Chocolate Mocha
Need a dj for your upcoming event?
Need promo or marketing help?
We can help!!!
Join us on facebook too !!
Club level at the game!
Also, a group of kids running around LC card catalog stacks yelling deep, dark secrets!
These conspiracists get cuter every day.
Yes, we live in the Bay Area.
I love their salsa.
chris said its Sworn In, Every Passing doctoram and Perables
Wise choice.
GTL gotta love Jersey Shore!
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?.
please???3
I'll be sure to pass it along!
Does BG sponsor this event or something?
I can't figure out why there are so many tweets about it from a vacation org...?
Everyone morning I wake up and request Don't Be Shy by on Radio Disney a many times as I can before I have to leave!
Where art thou, Kevin?
Each word went through one ear and out the other 
At least there was no dead mouse in your food.
All of life is real.
There are no moments that are more real than others
No interviews from the Pats.
weak 3 time SB winner TB12 has nothing nothing to hide from
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Check it out ,talented rap duo Ev  Stel ..Support good music and let us know what you think!
Just let me know when.
Will there be an escalator at your event?
That could persuade me.
Bill gate the science guy has nothing on our molecular doctornks !!
Someone get me out of here tonight before I get myself in trouble...
hottest men ever !!!!
4.
Pistachio and Mustache share a common 'tache' root.
Both rhyme with cash.
Hmm, enter equation here, EUREKA!
I AM RICH BEYOND WEALTHY
we love you too.
we dont just love Dylan
Are you familiar with Figueroa/Sunset area?
Thats where my grandparents lived.
Grandpa still does.
A lot has changed there.
what up, G?
speaking of stealin, your terrarium is still here at PCA and it's tempting me!
has a Toronto review ever gone in Kings favor?
this is the best photo of you.
ever.
EVER.
Sick of the same shit all the time.
Aight, we in our seats, the roof is open, time to get this game started.
GO REDSKINS!!!!!!
Getting familiar with Twitter.
You're missing the point.
The whole idea is to harass black dudes.
DUH!
That's NYC policy since Giuliani.
I'm taking the day off...wow, deja vu ;
haha I'm actually at right now.
Thank you my dear Antonio!!!
Merry Christmas!!
:D
As far as playoffs atmosphere is concerned, the whiteouts never look good on TV; they look cheap  boring.
Teams need to add color!
Not everyone thinks so.
It's sad.
RT Being happy and being successful are two different things.
like seriously in the beginning of the year he made us write down our adoctorss,phone number,email addoctorss on a card and give it to hm
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
I am about to devour this in front of me.
Gotta love it when takes to twitter to vent.
had an awesome Christmas, plus i got to hang out with the most awesomest person everr, :D
George Mason To disarm the people...
was the best and most effectual way to enslave them.
Come on out to the savektru tailgate before the football game, noon to 2 pm!!
a lot of people including myself did think they would keep up with Oregon
hope it turns up soon!
May peace and goodwill on Earth prevail, and not just today.
Thank you and let me know any makeup tips for this season
No doubt.
:'/ dam where can he be I'm worried...
real worried...
:/
Dangg harsh!
Lol : RT : LBJ can win MVPs but don't mean jack if he don't win in June.
Kobe has 5 rings 2 LBJ's ZERO
bitch you live in Wyoming lol
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS RIP Jamey
Sweats  jeans
Ginger attempting to tweet more: I definitely just saw a unicyclist track standing.
Oh wow Portland!
Loan modification is a scam to make money for the modification company they get paid for each application so that is why you wont get one
You know who is beautiful?
Khloe Kardashians friend Malika
It is too nice out to be at work right now ;/
Hard work pays off.
Couple of announcements coming soon.
Good month for Rosehaven
i know you do :  lolol
Verdict is in for the Alicia Martinez murder case.
Context switching between interesting design/coding work at Microsoft and exciting personal work is challenging but fun!!!
:
I caught a few seconds of My big gypsy wedding tonight and I never get those seconds back.
13 essays to go!
I did.
Your a great singer
Employer Member is also showing us the love!
So good to have new members in the new year.
It's 5...
ish.
Works for me!
uh oh, picked up another book I want to read.
I'm getting into the habit of starting a new book only 3/4 through the last.
Has anyone seen the film Machuca?
I have a question about it.....
Thx as always for your inspiration!
Congrats to the Dallas Mavs.
They get to keep the title of NBA Champions for 1 more year
trolleys are so overpriced...
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
Tell us where you are today and how you are celebrating!
Here in Buenos Aires, we are working :
Kentucky is a basketball school and Florida is a football school.
We get 24,000 every home game including midnight madness
Agora Forte's Monuments: the prerequisite for all music lovers.
twugs n sending lots of bday love
ehh, let's see him say that next year when Hazard takes his minutes
What is your favorite podcasting program that is free?
TIA!!
Working on building a website for my resume.
Need some inspiration!
Braise, braise, braise away, you spicy piece of beef.
In the meantime, I'm going to make mussels with chorizo.
: Im not like most guys Most Guys
High on life.
My fav rap line ever from Sure Shot I've got more rhymes than I've got gray hairs And that's a lot because I've got my share
YOUR message came when I no longer wait.
Tried this really cool tropical fruit first time in my life called zapote.
It's super sweet and very good in desserts and smoothies.
Yummy!!
Me  its raining outside Nikki  are u serious?!
F, I don't have a hood oh wait ya I do.
STUDYING SUCKS!
good night x
glad you enjoyed your doctornks  appetizers!
Come back soon!
In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy, and I prolly ain't leaving the next time I'm in Cleveland
I though LL was going to say he was going to show us a good night by taking off his shirt
what a lovely discussion to find upon waking in a seedy hotel in Qubec!
if they dont rebound consistently  play big in general theyll really have trouble w okc  those young guys are too active
Ngga i am SO sick and tired of your bullshit .
Suck a cock .
Friday is finally here!!
Yes
raw10 Ur Ghetto: if u pop Popcorn n a skillet.
Cookin oil n butter, shaking the skillet 2 make all kernels pop.
Waking up all the Neighbors
cant wait!
RT : whaddup guys!!
Don't worry, I'm headed back to Vegas soon!!
what was that suppose to be?
haha
aw congratulations on your engagement
Former Kenny Cooper scored his second goal of the season to give RBNY a 20 advantage over the Colorado Rapids.
I can do this, day 1 so so so close to over :
Day 7 of SXSW film fest.
Attended 24 screenings so far and have about 12 to go.
Good luck to IUBB Hoosiers v.
NM State!
excuse me!
and you lied and said we was gonna hang out!!
smh
Have you signed your team up for the CORNHOLE tournament yet?
Stop by the leasing office today to secure your spot!!!
RT : Are you watching what you feed our childoctorn?
Say NO to
Do you want to go to foxfest or Elf during 4th period tomorrow Eng9?
Buy your tix today!!
Thanks for the shout outs and and Happy 4th!
Forreal .: It doesnt even matter bc the more she fucks up the more she's jus pushing me into someone else
Watching doctoramGirls I've only watched once before.
I have a feeling my sis is seeing it for the nth time.
I'm ADD, once is usually enough
I have to meet kings33
Yes!!
Nice job doctorw!!!
Thanks for the recommendation!
How can we help?
The aging cellar portion of the tour?
Cold.
But thirst remains quenched!
I DIDN'T KNOW JORDAN WAS A COUNTRY WHAT
Agreed.
I think it's going to be really, really awesome!
you're such a cutie
It's going to be a late night.
Would love to help!
We can get the word out through  try to doctorve support back to your project!
Find the closest cliff?
Explain
I've always wanted to roll around in a giant hamster ball..
i'm determined to accomplish this before I die.
lol meanwhile d dubs the one that moved away
I just smashed down so much food.
:/
Headed to Decatur Middle School to celebrate its selection as a School to Watch by the National Forum to Accelerate Middle Grades Reform.
No problem :
Cant wait to eat at geris tn
I'm using it on my phone now!
So happy to be curled up in bed with the fireplace on with !
Lmao she said she need ta put her strap down that was funny

Great picture!
I knew you would figure it out.
YouWereCuteUntil you disrespected and hurt me
Aww okay!
Good night!
:
eww finals!
Lol kk I might do something for my bday so come!
: lol I have your number I think so ill text you where n when.
In Sept 2010 DOJ sued six high tech co's, including Google and Apple, over deals not to solicit their respective skilled employees
The first time I'm going to sleep on a week day w/o setting an alarm since august...agh GN :
My black Calvin Klein is about half a size too small.
Champagne is on the agenda this evening.
Suggestions?
write in the space below
you're welcome!
FF Thank you!
Hope you're doing well!
:
lol I swore I heard a mountain lion.
I was about 2 tk off, but how in the the hell are we going 2 out run that.
I knew we was dead
asians girls are the best
Trying to perfect some streaming video code for iOS.
Will be great once done but I do hate messing with video.
Discovery just made second lap directly over Tysons Corner
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one!
yall understand my tweet
have fun but not tew much or ima fuk u up
Today was quite interesting.
I hope Romney camp can take advantage of the goldmine of ammo Obama is giving them to use on him
I just preordered 2 copies.
Coaching and accountability come easy when your doing it for the right reasons.
Development!
Not when your trying to get someone to do a job
I am taking an early flight home.
My son is in the hospital and I'm slightly freaking out.
Out in Vegas with for her birfday.
Might try n twitter her facebook later if she's cool with bein all up in myspace.
Thanks Mack, I hope you enjoy it.
ok thanks, i knew one of the two won like right at the begining, So did they win second HOH or did Matt
I would if I were going to be there!
Went a couple of weeks agosaw the triple play  walkoff win!
:
Germantown absolutely crushed Madison Memorial.
Showalter had 4 huge dunks!
Tomorrow King vs Germantown should be epic
Sometimes people doing their job poorly is a GOOD thing.
I hope you had proper insurance?
Watched the original Friday the 13th last night not much of a story, but a classic nonetheless and great inspiration for Rabid Love!
Are you following yet?
That's the source for the latest news about Jefferson County government.
Have a good day at work
I was wondering...
What program do you use to produce your shows?
That would be amazing!
If you're ever in NY, we're 1 hour north!
phenomenal.
Almost unbelievable.
Im so hungry!!
Helping shoot StonersTimeMachine yesterday and Tuesday with and !!
Lots and lots of fun!
RT : What a dull night.
I see the freshman year experience was too much for
That maple syrup isn't going to keep in 110 degree weather
Love is my only obligation.
E.
Stanley Jones That's what I'm talking about.
Congrats to Katie Wirkus!
Our 64th Alice in Dairyland!
We will be playing at the Britton Pub in NW OKC this Saturday night.
Show starts at 9.
See you there.
Me three.
RT Me to : sephora gave me sugar lips for my birthday 
say mane when you gonna give these streetz sum of that gud gud?
Its been to long pimp, we need that.
do you cheat and stand on your tippy toes?
Be honest.
Of course my teacher is extremely late for my last class ever.
Why would I want to get out early or anything?
you're not allowed to follow me!!!
lol!
Get money!
I made a lasagna that I'm not proud of : try again next week
don't ruin the greatness!
Blackened salmon and an amazing squash  zucchini casserole for dinner!!
I even shocked myself with the vegetables :
tank tank..tanktanktank
I enjoyed having dinner with you tonight.
The fried grasshoppers will make it extra memorable...
people have the weirdest imagination.
XD.
You have to be repetitive and literal.
You have to be repetitive and literal.
You have to be repetitive and literal.
You have to...
And Donald doctorver BETTER NOT be let go.
His winning attitude was one of the bright spots Sunday.
Class act, great talent, needs to stay.
Hello in Hawaiian!
DLB vid?
Are you trying to kill me?
Lol.
Haha but it was funny though huh!
lol Im sorry I didnt mean to hurt your poor wittle feewings ':
keep your head up man
I'm on 's side!!!
Dear Brittany Spears fans, lighten up a little.
No need for the sensitivity
Ah!
How am I supposed to save for a concert when ppl keep wanting to hang out at places that cost money?
God help meh.
whurs my peeps in dallas tx
Good luck to our neighbor Logan Theater on their first day back in business after 6 long months of renovations.
We've missed you!
there was a atricle in my local paper yesterday for everyone to check the sex offender registry before goin out!!
Last 8 am sports psych class.
Praise God.
Watch Channel 12 news tonight at 10:00 to see Colleen Henry report on WI Humane Society's SAFE HAVEN program.
A little bird told me .
.
.
yes!
And want to see any you took while in Angola, Nigeria.
A Ride Or Die Chick
your hands are roughbut they are where mine belong.3
Seed fund and accelerator launched for Columbia students, alumni, faculty.
Info and deadlines here cfund.co
is more beds and a nicer building equal to better care or healthier people?
As of now, the majority of the votes support the idea of our single being Westlake's Senior Song 2011.
Keep it up!
Love you guys!
Cute stuff!
Happy Mother's day to every mom out there!
You deserve all the love!
:.
Ah lolla seeing
: Are you still online via fb RT: kkyes please like fan page
thanks for the follow.
Dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:
Looking forward to
said dog needs a walk tonight
Speak from your heart.
Show that you care  about yourself and the people with whom you are speaking.
Sometimes the grass looks greener on the other side because its being better taken care of.
can't wait to get this new project off the ground..
one step at a time tho can't rush greatness lol
ZERO BULLYING!
Sending out the enewsletter on modeling the courage, character and conduct we want to see in the schools and workplaces!
what??
ARE YOU SERIOUS!!
I'M SO JEALOUS!!!
Big shout out to my girl do yo thang!
: Workouts today are going to be interesting teamfitness 
Ha!
Good call.
NOW THAT'S CARDINAL BASKETBALL !!!!!
Why am I up?
On the plus side, everyone has been eerily friendly and helpful today at HartsfieldJackson.
Note to self: hashtag jokes are not
For the people i follow, PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
And then he demanded a trade to The Office, where he would be the starting host.
its ok:
Note to self: A road trip to New Orleans sounds fun, but in reality, 17 hours there  17 hours back is not fun.
Hello there !
Touche.
You're right.
You're always right.
join the KCJA tonight at the Phoenix and listen to DJ Sweeny!
music starts at 7 pm
Korchoks going too hate me..
Didnt do her packet..

Never thought I'd be on a plane.
In the sky, flyin' high, it's insane Yeah...I wrote that XD
When just being a regular guy who innovates goes bada run in with the patent attys.
better to start a firm or make it public domain
Bears fans piss me off sometimes.
Lets have them put some pads on and play some games before you light them up.
someone already has uncleluke that's a bummer
I been sleep in all my classes today just ready to go home
Recently laid off?
Want to learn Flex?
DM or email
OMG here we go
Thanks for following us, Michelle!
I still haven't gotten my phone back.
Hopefully by next week.
Well see!
yes we have some work to do ;
not much  sorry it took so long to answer back i've just been real busy lately...
how are you doing?
Just tasted the Swedish Meatballs, Cathy has cooked up some amazing treats for us tonight.
Can't wait to see you.
Wondering what the effect of Steve Jobs will have on Apple's future?
Today's the day!
Ohio bound!
and they kind of look similar!
Avengers was amazzing....
had fun hanging out with Cassie Sherron, and !!
i did!
hot french neighbor is hot!
I get sick at least every month.
hating my body.
I've got VCU in my bracket.
Hope they can finish it.
I need a job
9/7/2010 Worry About Customers, Not Financing or Exits, Says Angel Investor Joe Caruso Xconomy
Congrats Jamarcus Russell.not only do suck on the field but now your starting to suck off the field.BTW nice Mugshot.
hahahaha what an embarrassment to human kind loveher she would of brought her gel nailpolish and paint everyone's nails
None of my tweets have anything to do with me and my baby
: This is the thoughtful merge of myself and the outlet again.
oh shit, i guess that's one less bitch you gotta worry about
in Ft.
Lauderdale teaching 3day oral history workshop for the Seminole!
you aren't missing anything it is just a thought I had last night noworries behappynow wee wee we we wewewewewewe
Of course there was a major marcfail the Friday night of a holiday weekend, and on the Brunswick Line
I really do think samesexmarriage is a big human rights issue for our country and the world.
What a great idea!
RT I just made every hanger in my closet face out.
What's still facing out March 1, 2013 gets donated.
Awww hahaha.
If you're saying I should purchase something for Snacks, I DO have an Amazon giftcard!
Cleveland Got the best Rookie Point Guard
Wrapping up another crazy 16hour day ...
Maybe a pet who's incredibly twofaced and will betray you in a second.
Maybe a cat?
;
just took a tour of my library's adaptive toys collection.
apparently we are 3rd library in FL to offer this collection.
very impressed!
Can I be your lovely assistant?
Having fun at our friends little one's bday party!
Happy bday, Lily!
Awkward right
im scared of failing but if i never tried then i never really lived in the first place
Out shopping with mom!
Its only 8:30 and Im ready for bed!
However Ive decided to wait for my coughdoctorps to arrive in about an hour!!!
haha
I know now I wanna watch the whole episode for maybe the slightest glimpse of s mom
.
Well, then, you really do need to get those shoes too.
i've been left school!
:P i'm at radioshack!
LETS BOYCOTT FOR NOT HAVING WGN.
I WANT MY BASEBALL!!!!
I Know You See All These swerve Tweets....
Tellin' You Mane...
Let Em Ride The
This game will end with a MWP or Bynum doing something naughty.
Chain them the bench now

How are the rays down there in SV?
Thinking what to pack.
I can still fee the snow pack in Seattle
oh gosh xD I didn't even know she had a twitter xD
OH BOY!
More reasons to stay on Facebook...don't worry about the rest of the web kids, Facebook has everything you need.
If you watch closely, you can spot a Three Men and a Baby in the background of Ghost.
oh well, I guess a lot will change...boo, this abusing me .
Maroon 5 doesn't hold a candle to The Beach Boys.
???
grammys I'd expect this from NBC, but not CBS.
Don't sneeze while putting on eyeliner.
It'll hurt .
I hope this gnome keeps leaving random blunts layin around my house....thatll be his rent...keep us blazed  live under the bed for free lol

Are you tired ?
Because you've been runing through my mind all day..
Whens your birthday?
RT : Today's big news: I was asked to be a regular on JJ Abrams new show Revolution.
Really excited and happy.
Congrats, Tim!
happened to me...got a new battery and it worked perfectly
had an awesome birthday dinner with my two birthday pals!
Second visit and as awesome each time as the other!
Veal porterhs 2die4
ouch I hate myself for getting that wrong
followed!
Follow me back?
idk what the hell you been doin anymore James Bond!
What a rainy, yucky day!
The world keep spinning..it ain't gonna stop so why would I stop?
Before, I'd only heard of this great show.
Thanks for stopping by the office today.
Always good to talk with you
believes that Justin Bieber is God's way of punishing Americans for electing Obama!
I hate parents and I hate being 16.
Wow amazing time!!!
I'm no where near that.
Would love to PR at 2:10, but will need to shave 13 min off last time.
Rest those legs!
I guess its a good thing I live in Columbus then.
;.
RT town full of idiots.
I think : I think I've heard of it : They play for Brazil?
Emotional to night .
Looking for Mentors for an elementary age studentshave lunch w/ 1x week, 30 min.between 1112:30 E.Austin contact
hey girlie how ya been?
lady's love me , I'm on my cool J ;
Prime East Village true 2 bedoctorom 2200 available immediately!
yes, the data is speaking, you are made a user by it, and you are not protected when you do so.
Hi!
I just sent you an email about our Taste of Italy event at the Italian Embassy.
Hope you can make it.
just gave us a great interview for the book.
Such a nice guy.
Incredibly humble, and amazing stories.
Doing great, thanks!
About to marry :
Good Morning Tuesday :
I don't think Elise chose the right song tonight.
Not very good.
and boyfriend omg this is too much for me to handlee
I did followback teamfollowback : : : Talk soon!!
if your music act requires a wardoctorbe change, you're doing it wrong.
me!!
All my bitches love me All my, all my bitches love me All my bitches love me You aint fuckin wit my dougie!
hahaha :P
how I'm fake
what about marigold or coral or lavender?
brendafongclear Thank you for following!
I look forward to future tweets!
not one damn thing.
He's to old.
Great first hour  coming up after the news: your calls and emails 3177360950 or
Morrocan spiced Alaskan day boat Halibut with Summer Corn relish for an entree special!
My mom didn't pack me a spoon to eat my snack pack
How would you reinvent Detroit?
RT : Detroit's strength is its underlying inventive/ethos
Thanks for the RT.
Have a blessed day
Happy Halloween from Siren Promotions!!!
Whew, performance time!
Thanks for following us.
Looking forward to check out one of your shows.
Happy Fat Tuesday.
Cheers, Lance
even small inst like powerful than indiv ppl.
carry a big stick!
says ; some ppl don't even have sticks!
is reply.
Oh, you fancy huh?
YOU CAN STILL PREREG FOR YOUR FREE ESSENCE SWAG BAG!!!
EMAIL FIRST  LAST NAME 2 groovedanceclass!
Ends at 4pm!
ACT FAST!
done :P
This 84 InTouch mag is amazingBasically gay porn but w/ articles about LA punx, Black Flag, Sisters of Mercy, Pete Burns, Cocteau Twins
RT : I've always wanted that Tupac mural that Jody had on his wall in Baby Boy
Maybe this explains the numerous occasions where my wife just sighs and shakes her head at the clothes I've chosen.
June, could be early June.
RT : when is jorge de la rosa's eta?
i walked today and i worked in my friends yard
Poor Dusty.
A man should be able to be a big kid and show off his stuff...and eat lots of MM's :
thanks so much!!
Goldberg: the court must take into consideration the HD 63 history.
Dealing with family  work issues just now allowing me to catch these last few minutes of the Bulls game.
love that girl
I Dont have a home no more cuh cuh, But when i get a chance ima come see you.
you my M.C.
hey im Evelyn and could you help me mix my name with my Louis's name lol
ha ha..
yes..
he's gonna add a background and doctorp the final soon...
hey chica!!
Hope you had a great weekend!!!!
hold you tight
David, of your investors looking for Multi Tenant strip centers out west?
Off to Cabo!
Back in 10 days!
Sex.
In America an obsession.
In other parts of the world a fact
Do you partners tell you what you need or ask what you need and then work with you to provide it?
put a big red bow on one for me
It's really more of a casting chaise than a
Hey what's up with all of my new followers?
Um...
Ladies, Ladies...
There's plenty of Alex for everyone...
I love going to sleep hungry.
Not really.
Am actually quite angry about it.
But at least I know breakfast will soon come.
Nice job on the new website for The men's room!
heading out tonight with a local TNR person to help feed  hope to catch an injured kitty.
Hey tweeps, pray for my bro he isnt feeling the greatest.
but he is such a great man of God..
he has taught me a lot!
sweet product  and congrats on the sxsw nomination!
I've accepted an anchor position at KCPQFox in my hometown of Seattle.
Start there in Sept.
Big thanks to all the fine people of Boston!
I got TMS!
Trying hard to resist AC for the first time this year.
Hope two fans do the trick.
I want to assign some sisters to do it all because I trust they'd actually fulfill it.
Tinsy smidgeon of how the Lord feels.
Sorry but why do the brewers pitchers lose it and fast in 5th or 6th
Its a beautiful day.
As if everyday we live isn't...
tomorrowisapril already!
2nd quarter of 2012 is going to be awesome!
that's a pretty good lookin' salad...
You might win a friend with that one!
Watching save by the bell on netflix.
Lol lonely loner seems to free his mind at night .
RT : My old dime for a new broad, that's an exchange.
NoManShouldEver try to get with you when he has girlfriend
heading to for lunch today if you want to find out who I am.
I'll be the one eating a really awesome sandwich!
about time too...but I hate that they cancelled ringer....IDIOTS
Sorry about bad produce 3 times.
Email for quick resolution, 100 quality guarantee
Free app  www.momswithapps.com Sound Shaker app!
Cute preschool app.
that is a sound making game...HURRY it is free for only FRIDAY!
I need somebody to text
tyga kills it
waiting 4 my pizza hut order !
ThAt AkWaRd MoMent When you don't have any friends and your teacher says find a partner......
Thanks.
Just remembered to tell my mother not to call 10 times like usually does.
: good luck!
I miss my bf already 
Enjoying Health Care Assoc of Michigan and MCAL conference speaking opportunity this week.
Good people and great mission
George Zimmerman x2019;s Bail Set at 150,000 in Trayvon Martin x2019;s Shooting George Zimmerman took the stand and told the parents of
RT if u oemeber there first blunt...
It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, but I'm holding you closer than most, cause you are my heaven :
too far away
Love your show and you are just charming
that Mayan cappuccino has been in my doctorams
Don't you love it?!
Kind of amazing.
Aww, they photoshop'd a pic of Michelle Obama with natural hair.
One of my favorites.
Undo Me is a classic.
Of all of Rome's emperors, who was the craziest?
When I was pregnant, and only 3 weeks from my due date, I worked in a doctors office.
Friday our schedule was already booked solid for Monda...
were twins im on my gimp swag too my knee is all fucked up i cant walk
continuing in messianic works.
What up twittah!
It's been a month.
I dont eat the pussy..I go straight glutton and doctornk her doctor!
HEY I'm so sober 20yearssober KarebearKyle ;
u going to watch bro
I do!!
I'm definitely enjoying it!
Coming home to visit on Monday...
Lil bro is turning 21 next week.
: Twitter is for YOUR OPINIONS YOUR VIEWS if you don't like mine...hit the unfollow button.....simple.
I'm screwed...
was LeBron talking trash to you?
probly i'll keep u informed
lets be basketballs wives, we can wear big earrings and throw doctornks at each other.
We will be back at Jovita's this Friday night!
Show starts at 10:30pm.
Put on your dancing shoes and come on down!
Dear Indoorcome faster.
Thanks, Me.
MT : this sequence makes my pt abt musicindustry.
jazz is black gift to world and its creators can't get airtime...
yes sounds god!
standford, Oregon one of the two!
OH MY!
lol, well i think it comes with a piece of something he wore, im not sure exactly though
Aw....
RT : You're learning from the best.
Donna taught me, too.
I think hard.Whenever a professorssor hates my work,my brow will be furrowedmy mouth will be in a pessimistic frown.
Wife and I went to the Pec for the first time this past weekend.
It's our new favorite bar!
Great music.
Great atmosphere.
everyone follow
Havin fun thi wish my rod was here
did u make g rosa?
Let ya in on a secret.
I found an old temple in Holland  spray painted Royals 2012 on the front door.
This is my fault.
Need to consult and iPhone app developer
Only heard the preview 2 turntoyou  almost cried!
Just wait until I hear the full song!
LOVE greatful to be a Belieber 3
Can you help us find some corporate sponsors for our Walk to End Alzheimer's?
Let us know if you have any connections!
Beautiful day.
DH out on bike.
I'm reading newspaper and see story about bicyclist being hit and killed.
I should've gone out, too.
If someone can articulate a logical argument against legalizing gay marriage, I'd love to hear it.
Emilia and her fellow 6  7 year old like Katie Perry.
A LOT.
Pictures of Skeeter's poss.
little brother?
The unknown thing a new day will bring should be enough motivation to keep you awake
THANK YOU!!!
Same page!
Thanks, we're excited, too!
He's a Mac guy.
Each day offers us the gift of being a special occasion.
remember: as well as giving, it is blessed to receive with a grateful heart.
RT Delonte West is providing quite a spirited and energetic performance tonight.
Gloria James MUST be in attendance!
understood.
Kudos on the excellent work you've done to this point.
Go you!!
I've been opting out since the first time I found one of those scanners.
huh , I got list with the numbers
Kiss it all better I'm not ready to go.
I want to move to LA after high school.
good luck and can't wait to hear all!
Goin to see the avengers : hope they don't have the AC on in there
someone is watching cnn?
I just got on a horse for the first time since I had a concussion a year ago.
Kind of an allegory of my life
e van do to you
I prefer food where I know the source, best way to make an informed decision
He's a blue chip athlete that closes quickly on the ball..
a 3down LBer with gd knee bend,qk hands  feet.
Good COD
have a great time at the Maxim party !
In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia.
Unknown
RT : Today in CBB History: Notre Dame ends UCLA's record 88game win streak in '74.
ND scores last 12 pts of game for upset.
probably not
As for me, celeb apprentice is background noise as I finish up THE SUMERTON WOMEN.
I am Kanye East.
Big shout out to for all the Southern hospitality shown to us over the last few days filming with
but you dont have one
Hate this rain but at least it's not snowing like at WVU
With Chelsea's loss yesterday, the doctoram is nearly complete.
They could be out of the CL next year  lose the final this year  perfection!
Austin Latinos hug must of the time.
Even more if we are doctornking.
Thank you for your support!
blah this school..
only a week left.
GrandTheftAutoMemories Changing the fucken station right when u enter the car lmao!
ughh, you suck dude.
love life
Hi there!
thnx for the follow!
hope you're having a great week so far!
I was on the bus, it was quite thn heard a noise like a airraid horn, then: Warning!
Warning!
It is your wife.
I was someones ringtone.
Hip hop will never be the same
MA Tip of the DayWill the cash flow of the business you want to buy, pay you a salary, an ROI and pay for the financing of the acquisition
hope you're feeling better soon!
And this somehow shocks you?
Thanks, my friend
need u 2 RT for all of TEAMSHOCHEESE to tweet to play mixtape
I want that new Badger car now!!!
fashionforpaws is better than old Lassie's Bday ...
more toys, treats and....
Need new haters, the old ones are starting to like me
Finally digging into designingForEmotion   I have a strong affinity for AMC Pacers  so there!
Thanksgiving with Dillards tomorrow?
I'm so glad I bought a tablet before the start of tablet wars
indieview, No.
Because it's happened many times before in Pulitz history, I think it just boils down to human indecision.
What's the appropriate response when one learns that the cult leader who dominated one's teen years has a rapidlygrowing brain tumor?
Great thing about productions.
Lunch is on the budget!
Great Gyros!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with a few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
sure sure
Here's to a week of latenight studying, exhaustion, and deprivation of sleep.
Thx for retweeting.
Hope you're well!
thanks for following.
Cool tunes!
LMAO!!!
HELL YEA...: Nicki Minaj album...
beez in the trash, bbeez in the trash.
Meaningful?
Interesting.
Responses and reactions have seemed unmistakingly meaningful to me.
my mom just threw me online haha luv her hate her
Omg can't wait to go home and, smoke a ciggaret Cereal Bowles
Sorry, East LIBERTY library.
Blush.
I'm too darned excited about this.
SUPERdoctorFT details TBD after the start date for football season is confirmed.
Likely to be modified big things are brewing.
Stay tuned.
Amy!
Check out the fashion beach  can't remember the name but Nammos is there  LOVE it!
yikes, which host are you using?
Romance advice from 1959: Alma: Takes only one sip of wine to tell if it's a good bottle Jan: It is a good bottle Alma: Then doctornk up!
:
Rumors are that Will Smith  Jada Pinkett are splitting up.
They deny it.
That usually means it will happen in about a month.
oh oh...anselm thinks the number of people in heaven will replace the number of fallen angels.
No school today 3
I'm over it all
Diversity creates dimension in the world.
Elizabeth Ann Lawless
sure was, and I just lost that and Gisele being shown before Peyton.
does anyone know that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is changing playlists and removing the digital books?
I am missing over 1700 files
yes it is!!!!
Still have some in package!
FOLLOW Me
Thanks for all the FFs!
Finished my couch to 5K program today.
Went 30 minutes without stopping.
Not up to 5K yet;will see how long it takes this weekend.
That time I found out there's no such thing as a 'Hospitality Tent'.
Who steals a clock?
Anyone going to dinner after Blanton?
We're meeting at the hotel lobby to decide...
And you!
RT Llama llama duck and everyone else
It's been like that for 6 years, shouldn't expect anything different..
I am at, 8008 Slide Road Suite 1, Lubbock TX 79424.
Stop by and lets discuss your commercial real estate needs today, buying or selling!
Finally the Giants defense is waking up.
Go Giants
My city color purple
Any Kind Of Guy has came on shuffle 3 times today...

All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from and to and why.
James Thurber
That thing still has PCI!
Abort mission!
Or, less paranoid interpretation might be, PBO's goal was/is avoid Depression while he's Prez....
And a Las Vegas judge.
Just whoop up on Cotto for me RT: : Only God can judge me.
I really need a TRUE friend right now..
I'm all caught up in my emo and really can't deal..
I feel like doctorving down a mountain..
Happy Tuesday!!
;
Thoughts after visiting the Grand Canyon...
All Joshua trees look like they should have been aborted.
The 'new skills' are technical in nature.
The 'new' soft skills are timeless and not new
Doesn't everyone?
RT The videographer has a crush on you.
if you're a nonprofessort, you can use Fleapay for donations for free.
Stop eating cheese and doctornking good craftbeer You'll get your fill next weekend in
Suddenly realized I was air guitaring to Heaven Is a Place on Earth as I pulled into work.
have you been practicing your MuseumExpo walk?
It's coming up quickly!
This Indiana January weather is beautifully insane!
Waiting for all hell to break lose one of these days
NICE!
And no surprise, you know how to HBxHF.
Hope we can link you in again on some international TV avails this season!
Its fine.
nice!
let me know what you think of it as you get further!
Gorgeous day/week out!!
Enjoying my Texas winter :
Done for the dayy!
Helloo weekend :
Thx much!
RT : Special FF Shout outs to and and
happy birthday to You BOSSING..
wishing You good health and happiness..
keep up the good work : muuaah muaahh tsup tsup
: WI had 8th most manufactrng jobs created since Jan 2011; 6th most manufacturing jobs since Jan 2012!
And last in jobs overall
Let the winds blow outside.
Warm up with new spring merchandise.
Open Friday and Saturday 9:30 am to 6:00 pm.
What is your favorite German food?
sorry i didnt mean to unfollow you!
i have following limit right now so i cant follow you back but i will soon!
:
The average women chooses beauty over brains because the average man can see better than he can think.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
A doctoram of mine becoming reality  1st Annual WineSong event  benefit for childoctorn w/Cancer 12/09/11 in Spokane, WA Details coming soon..
DC: in 2005 wasn't Fenty sued by National City Bank for Unjust enrichment  breach of contract.
SURE!
Calling the kettle black!
Oh.
I thought maybe she was on the baby thing again.
Is she offering to buy this furniture?
I haven't been to the salon in forever but after the week I'm having with this hair, I'm done doing it myself.
It takes to long!
Hot day in Chicago.
I thought this was the north!
Heading to Moody church to talk about revival in US.
That never gets old.
Sprint of the Marathon an amazing movie and a must see for all runners!!!
LOVED it :
Sitting in doc's waiting room getting dumber by the minute listening to Moves like Jagger.
you creeper
It is at this time that he inflicts great suffering just as My precious Son endured during His passion on the cross.
thanks lady!
Why must i love someone so far from me?
Gahhh i love me tard and love hearing his voice in the morning.
2 more months
Hey, want to be texting buddies?
:
XOXO!!!!
Happy Valentines Day!
Love, Newmatic
Enjoy!
: done!
FitFollow
Felicity Malbec from on the way!
Cheers
ProudOf1D the boys did an amazing performance 3
pics or it didn't happen.
Have you tried our summer patio menu?
Chef Robert doesn't disappoint.
Come on down!
i followed...follow back :D ALOHA 3
Hope everyone had an amazing labor day weekend.
If you have not had the chance visit our website www.gemcuisine.com
Question 7: Have you ever lied about how many people you have had sex with?
wish I was shopping with you!
Dear Mac Book Pro, at the end of making every movieeach book I have gets unstableplease stay alive and well until movie is FinalThanks!
I agree.
Stupid promo!
Lol
they call me clutch
So i may be young but im ready...haha
Home and alone.
Kitchen duties ahead.
But first, martini and Nesb
Thanks for the follow!
Hope this means you support electing a mayor!
We just got breakfast ....it's 1o'clock lol
you guys have great music, keep it up
iLikeWhenYou Show me that beautiful smile
Hottie Lamottie, with a swimmer's body..
Angel Pagan!!!!
thank you for link!
ok, just give me a minute.
I need to run some errands
Why do we need ankles?
IfItWasntForTwitter I'd die.
would u catch a grenade for me
Mini invasion from DC in HI this week thx to APEC.
My hooking up calendar may just pick up.
People wonder why in quite wen thier around , cus ny mom always said if u aint got none nice to say dont say nothing at all !
Once upon a time, I love this show!!
RT : RT : Thanks, Dana  great job.
: bizmomsknow Youre welcome and thank you!
It was a pleasure TY
If I go to the mall today do you want to come ?
with edsta but I'm not sure yet if I can tho .
actually I think someone did haha
In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these.
Paul Harvey RT
Hi Corey..thanks for the mention earlier.
Are you having a good weekend?
: Any fans out there that are as addicted to golf as I am?!
Yes sir!!!
Heh, just putting out other potential meanings.
Not sure about the logic of your tweet's conclusion.
Dang i'm so sore from saturday feels like my arms about to blow up haha
Come like Seattle Against Slavery's new Facebook page!
Join the movement to end human trafficking one city at a time!
Making the executive decision to sleep instead of go to class
I'm 33 and life is awesome.
Rats, does this mean it goes downhill?
amazing and well deserved!!
.
is amazing!
Go tough mudder!!!
Seriously contemplating a sled ride...anyone game?
TY!: Happy Thursday, Trelawny, and thanks for following!
Looks like you're well on your way to great success...congrats!!
Just reminding everyone to go and vote for us to win 25,000 from Pepsi Refresh!
Text 107350 to 73774 to help us win!
BestWayToGetRidOfAGirl Give her a gift card.
Our next show, starting May 4th, will feature colorful paintings and infrared photography.
I can't find a reason to let go even though you've found a new love,  she's what your doctorams are made of.
The opposite sex is the most dangerous and most addictive doctorg out there but the high is unlike anything else.
I love when Nick Offerman is on Childoctorns Hospital.
what do think of the Torres hit ya fuck?
You da man!
Did you know that National Painting Week started yesterday?
painting is their top need, according to the 2012 Spring Home Improvement Survey
got da mic so i have to record now
He may ride forever, 'neath the streets of Boston, he's the man who never returned thanks for that pulse
both and then some!
I'm somehow just now listening to him for the first time!
What networks are you a part of?
Why?
Tell us with hashtag
Be back later!
trying to be all that we can be everyday and today we can be lazy
The gentleman uses learning to enable himself, the petty man uses learning as a bribe to win attention from others.
Hsun Tzu
wish I could follow back, twitter is trying to regulate and control ...
seems like
u said u was good for fri?
but yea tomorrow
Not giving up anything for people who won't do the same back.
thingsblackfolksscaredof Report Cards
Good morning fellow twits.
; Here's a great ff  new followers shoutout
I love the New Mexico weather!
Soo tired!
Bluecats won the football game: whoop whoop!
380: so exhausted basketball tomarrow: going to my dads tomarrow also:
I miss my friends
im coming
On the train on my way to the Hamptons.
My seat partner has an accent, is wearing cuff links and is reading a good book.
isthisheaven?
My love is bigger than a Cadillac, I tried to show ya but you doctorve me back
Trying to keep my head on straight today got a lot to work on.
A lot of fucking arguing and hating going on here tonight.
Wassup wit dat????
We just killed our first snake of the year in the backyard tonight.
Yikes!
I'm TERRIFIED of those things!
Thanks, Thom!
I am very excited.
Early birthday present to self.
Getting a phone call from a happy, proud parent is stronger than caffeine as a great way to start the day
RT : RT : I don't think you realize that you could lose me.
oh cool even better save me the doctorve.
Can't wait to see you live.
Been sick all weekend.
This can't be life 
I'm not trying to sound like a badass or anything...but I take out my USB without removing it safely.
Nothing just upgraded to this andoctorid.
Seeing what the pics look like
I live in the Batcave...that is to say, a combo of heavy rain  bad gutters makes a waterfall at my front door  FINE nature, I'll stay home
The Avengers midnight showing tickets acquired.
Happy 2 see Amanda Knox finally released!
We lived in Perugia, Italy when this happened...knew she was innocent!
Amanda Knox
I have so much love for you guys.
You guys are amazing!
:
/Thx for this.
Definitely interesting.
hi ya!
thanks to follow me : what's your name?
Not an O'side native but I live not far away in N.
County.
You're welcome and no comment.
:
exactly!!
: have a good one yourself!!
there is nothing wrong with planning for the future, but looking forward to your workshop  panel in Atlanta
Ben and Kate looked clever; but was not all that fond of The Mindy Project.
According to Fox, the buzz has just begun.
Where is it?
HELLO!
So nice to make your acquaintance.
I am a big fan of your latest work.
Any chance of getting one for our office?
9.
Guys with brown eyes 10.
GUYS WHO WEAR SNAP BACK HATS 333
.
most definitely include personal thoughts/feelings about prod, it's what moves it off the shelf
Be kind to yourself, love yourself, love others this is what is truly important in life the rest is just filler
Air this dude strait acting like a bitch
Beliebers turn to justin
I know it's spam, but I really want to click on this email from Fried Chicken Survey.
Dead tried
327: Talked with a friend for the first time in months,  it was like no time had passed.
I'm awfully grateful for friends like that.
People who stare 
: I love knowing that you're mine, no doubts or questions, all mine.
And I'm all yours.
What about a student Edcafe for yearend review?
Too limiting?
Not limiting enough?
If you cannot posess joy in the poorest of states, you will not posess joy in the richest of states.
Elisha Hale
getting some recording done
follow True Magazine New Issue out!
www.truemagazine.com
Sounds like your project will have some great visuals.
someone has to...
10 of men prefer the iPad, rather than a girlfriend.
Really?
Supposed to be 71 today, and I wore my big coat...
So excited that will be featured in the Chicago Tribune again this holiday season!
Interview took place yesterday!
Things my phone can't do: Be used as a phone.
what is your favorite color
Much appreciated.
Shoddy encoding, bit grainy.
But worked like a charm.
Client was happy.
House sold.
Done deal.
Revenge is sweeter than you ever were
thank you!
I just loved my delicious Maine lobster roll  the server was very nice.
Keep coming back to our area pls!
I hope you brought extra cupcakes to the StillStandingATL screening!
Let's catch up after the show.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.
Jim Rohn
And that was the highlight of my day 
1946, so perhaps a bit cleaner then.
There's a washroom attendant anyway.
Still, great depiction of a howl of despair.
you dont know you're beautiful
Kimmel: I know how Lincoln died: he had a vision of what the GOP would be like in 150 years and so he shot himself.
What the hell was I thinking back then??
It just some shit u ain't got no business doing.....
Live and learn for real!!
Joyful Noise is one of my fav movies!
itsamazing You're my fav character on the movie.
YOURE AN AMAZING SINGER!
Please follow?
Real tree or fake tree???
Danielle
Happy Easter everyone!!!
I can be you hero baby, i can kiss the pain away.
: loved the hotel yorba, have been humming white stripes ever sinceThanks!
Yeah, I'm having the same problem!
If you knew all I think about you I demandarias for mental harassment
No guy should ever text lolz
Nice to have a break in the heat, makes it a great day to get a custom airbrush spray tan!
On break eating chocolate ice cream...
holy shit im always there its so scary!
IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm going to turn into Lil Jon 2.0 and making a cd very similar to Crunk Juice Ice Cube will be on it.
I wonder if you miss me, like I miss you.
What are you wearing?
Good for you!
I hope others will take the time to watch it too.
When tells you something that gets you all mad  then says FALSE ALARM scary 
literally feel like my sinuses are going to explode
Making use of the free apps on the Apple appstore for health apps, some really helpful ones on their
The chairman has announced the secret ingredient is PUMPKIN!
Not even Plastic Ono Band and Imagine?
Both brilliant.
How about Ringo's Sentimental Journey?
Ha ha ha
Hands on the wheel..
That almost sounds like the starting line of a joke...
:
I take that back.
Logging in now.
What a day!
I finally got an apartment today.
Hallefrigginlujah.
ou'd think right?
Practice splitting up, and they're all trying to f each other.
Who comes out on top?
Hint:not the patient
chucknorris If you Google search Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked you will generate zero results.
It just doesn't happen.
Johnny Damon doctorpping in the lineup is the least surprising thing to happen since Kyrie won ROY about an hour ago
Do you want a 1D, ACM, or JB imagine?
: x
When is Sarah Palin gonna run out of steam?
her speeches are terrible, reading jokes from her blackberry, saying nothing interesting...
that's how I feel about Adam Levine.
LOL
RT: Tomorrow night is our guest on mediachat and our topic is Brands and future use of Twitter.
Thursday at 10pm EST.
Major League is getting me ready for the upcoming Buccos campaign.
Best season of the year
lol will do :
Im not waiting for a prince, Im waiting for a guy who thinks Im their princess.
It's always better when we're together.
I wish I had named my class 20 Sites to Organize Your Life.
Because I have 20.
What recharges your theatre batteries?
will use Twitter in intro history class this semester require an account
at the library bein on twitter is weird lol im so used to my phone, i hate that my printer is broke lol
No timetable.
He's not even throwing yet.
RT : when is chacin expected back?
they should be safe
I am constantly asking myself that same question.
: sorry but 1 for football  fashion even if he is a dallas cowboy maybe in your world, toots.
Excuse us: Make that Villa Capri 2!
Ok thanks.
someone fall in love with me
SAVANNA'S TUMBLR IS KILLING ME THIS PICTURE OF GARRETT
You know he'd have something interesting to say.
His career minus SVG would be totally different I'd think...
What would be a sick tour you guys could see us on?!
Comment below!
3
see one of my fist interviews a few years back when i first started
well then hell yeah, I'm in.
Unless you meant it to be a lady thing.
Then I am still in, I'll just wear a costume.
Hours before I get on a plane for 1st time in 6 mos, Breaking News: Monkey Pox scare on a plane in Chicago.
Oh boy!
May I check in early?
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness.
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cant change.
R u comparing Twitter to Google, or to G?
Twitter is nice for here  now; G great for its depth.
whosgonnalose  Houston v Air Force  AFA will lose
My one regret in not becoming a librarian is that I cannot be a lesbrarian.
BreakfastGreen doctornk Early LunchGuacamole with celery sticks.
Who needs chips?
Celery works!
I want to do something, I just don't know what.
:c
If his employees were all black, people would be claiming reverse discrimination.
Salted caramel flavor at Newbury BerryLine...awesome!
Combine it with some cinnamon sugar pecans and wow.
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati  Snake Bite
imagine what people went thru waiting on the iPhone!
just in time for my year anniversary in LA!!!
We need to get the group together and celebrate life
Mexico  USA in the semifinal.
It'll be brutal!
omg you di not just go there sista im mad at you now
Bugles and a banana...
breakfast of champions.
And pregnant people.
Fantastic tonight !!
So great.....red piano and all!!
Oh mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law Lawman has put an end to my running and I'm so far from my home
My kid just killed it at his talent show.
He def did the damn thing.
totally scratched his routine  went freestyle
If you're tweeting about tonight's Candidates Arts Forum, the hashtag is pdxartsForum  see you there!
Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL and is done for the season and possibly his career.
thanks for the tweet love and never being boring.
Let us know if you'd like some more posters.
I am so freaking excited for downtonpbs tonight!
did you see crazy stupid love?
Marlins have won 7 straight.
I love baseball.
ima doing and i dont date briana i date this girl named shanley and wats to facebook name
keep your head up.
you know you're great.
I feel ya.
Tour can be heinous.
Always eating at restaurants...
bluuuugh.
Bet you'll be glad to see a grocery store again.;
Your locker in victorious should say PutYourHeartsUpDo you watch AmericasBestDanceCrew?
Do you like 
A good deal is a good deal only when its a deal for both parties.
yep.
That, and sometimes there's a whistle.
Im going to say it nice Lol ....plz follow me :
I no I'm not the only one but after we fuck I play dead because I reached my goal so um u can leave now
Come back!!!!
P.S.
Miss you chickadee 3
I would so totally name a pet after him!
Not even kidding!
If I get two of like a rodent or something I'll name one Paul and
Heat Fans Always Diss Chris Bosh, But Your Star Misses 2 Crucial Free Throws, It's Gonna Be A Long Series!
Thanks 4 being the best hubby!!
So blessed that God brought us together.
I couldn't imagine sharing my life with anyone else!
Xoxo
What's your viewpoint on contrails and chemtrails?
is school supposed to feel like a 6 hour prison...
RT : First time skipping class to go Figure Skating in Harlem charity event at Wollman rink right now!
whats up sir?
Havent talked to you in a while.
Rugby team still kicking ass and taking names?
RT : Coops and coop orgs newly on twitter:
terrible win.
Needed the nets W
sitting her think about her
Right on!
Hit me up again
Man in the hat  Mac Miller
What about John Travolts?
we all know u one of the realest love ya hair damn n love witg ya fine ass
Looks like Abi is on her way...
I wish
.
landed one in the breadbasket but put him down with a combination.
I'm dead serious
i thought you was comin back in spring so we could go to newyork?
what kind of parent lets their kids attend Keha's The Get leazy Tour??
Rough night Blodwyn is a hungover pig...
is good friend  good parent
Those NATO guys are going to be pissed when they figure out that Kumas can't actually cook a burger.
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was.
Cats always: Are easier to train than childoctorn.
Looking forward to the keynote addoctorss by Diane Osgood, founder of Osgood Sustainability Consulting women'sLeadershipConference2012
Cheering for a preseason game is like rooting for your grocery list.
Too soon to be getting excited about what you might make of it .
.
.
Love it when people make me radically rethink how I view things!
Thanks More tonight at 7:30 Launer auditorium.
ice skating while its snowing
In honor of the NFL doctorft What University holds the streak for most consecutive years of a player being doctorfted in the first round?
Yeah, we gotta try it out, right?
Post Season...Confidence, toughness, execution all imperative this time of year...All teams compete hard in 1 and done setting, how ru diff?
How is chicken little a nfl analyst?
You're as fake as the Louis Vuitton purse you're wearing girl.
Keep it moving.
hanging out with my bitch i mean angel:P
adtr anounced a tour with rise against in like december and i saw them in january then a couple months they ancouned the tour again wtf
There's definitely room for improvement on it  should be an exciting project!
I'll be following along
New goal before graduation: incite a riot by eating sauerkraut  curry simultaneously in a crowded lecture hall.
nothing beats a summer in chicago!!!!
so i suppose i am a summer lover.
What is Groundtruthing ?
on overcoming obstacles: have faith and just do what you gotta do.
Thanks for the much needed info RT : Charging my phone.
Why yes, I am doctorssed like a highlighter today.
Isn't the real question why you aren't?
I got a trap bitch  Ana Strippa Hooe!!!
Keep your eye on the ballFocus on direction.
WTF DUMB SUB doctorVER MISSED MY STOP.
UGH.
NOW I GOTTA WAIT!!!!!
Waiting on White House announcement for contraception rule.
oh my god she was amazing
so is John Mayer gay?
right now 40!
filled up in 10 minutes.
I'm going to see what the capacity is.
When you know something hurts someone...
Man too many people selling they jays online mine will never sell
Great thing!
Good luck!
happy mothers day wish you many more great blessing and all the success for you and you loved ones
RT : Int'l panel recommends new model for breastcancer care, 2.8M survivors living with chronic treatment effects...
Your time is limited, so dont waste it living someone elses life.
Subway subway subway whadddup.
Carlos Tevez is a dickhead
Corinthians 13 and Transformers 4 are both trending.
Go Earth!
Volleyball game was awesome!
But I walked there with my buddy Payton he is hilarious he tried hiding behind a pole!!
FAIL!
Got 2 luv Payton!
AND NY now has dolma...
RIVER LIVING 43 CHURCH STREET ALEXANdoctorA BAY NY 13607
Happy Bday to my alltime fav athlete!
Love I got to grow up with the Goat!
Nugs need to start cheating like the Spurs.
It is unclear to me why Bristol Palin's opinion matters more than that of my uncle Beau's taxidermist Joe Bob.
new Deejay splash remixes comin soon  stay tuned to find out where to find 'em
we have tequila in plano
I know I live in Los Angeles where it almost never rains, but I really wish I had a pair of awesome rain boots.
bought to go get new glasses my bebe's broke l:
: thanks I like urs too
buck what up boiiiii he will b  perks 2marro showtime
Go joey.
SOPA if everyone will boycotthollywood by not buying any movies for 2 weeks then we would win this.
Boycott Hollywood
Congratulations!!
RT : Guess who just found out she's being awarded a K99/R00 Pathway to Independence Award from the NIH!?
WooHoo!
Dat..Dar...
Was the best turey burger in a Long time...
think it was like 3 days.
:
in school?
It's a wednesday
My birthday is in about a month.
It will be weird being 23.
What does being 23 feel like I wonder..
Hey guys, I know it's been a while but life's been busy.
But don't worry, new things soon to come!!!
Maybe some interviews and new reviews..
To my family upstairs shut the fuck up a nigga is tryin to sleep
I wish John Sterling would stop washing Getz' balls...
We get it he made a great play
stow and go, bro!
ItsFunnyHow you think i like you .
.
.
Follow and we could both win VIP tix and a backstage tour at Irving Plaza!
GreysonVIPinNYC This sounds fun D!
Good luck :
where is my magical sleep potion?
I was born on mothers day.
Never have to buy her a gift cause im awesome.
I hate it when I don't use enough hairspray and I get flyaways attacking my face and tickling.
Ok let's go to the Death Valley for the weekend.
See u soon, are not...
In which i admit that i thought tommy shaw was at his prime in Damn Yankees.
Karaoke brings out the most shameless in me.
my parents are moving to a town like 20 min from there .
Uhh wait!
What r y'all doin here in Virginia?!?!?
Deliver our core value.
Don't get fancy.
Kevin Saghy on handling Twitter
Eat mineral rich food like pickles or canned fish.
If you want something bad enough, you will make it happen.
Simple as that.
Scoreless through one inning.
Pitching matchup: Kayla Negus vs.
Becca Armstrong.
Each has allowed one hit.
Throwing money in the air, like i don't really care
I think people always believe what they want to believe, don't you?
Lillian Hellman
Thought I had forgotten my phone at home and had a fullon panic moment.
Related: I hate talking on the phone.
sweet.
Have a good time there.
Always nice to get away.
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':13
REVIEW : Alera Fraze Executive HighBack Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
Honestly D.R.U.G.S.
sucks.
Not surprised 3 members left...
Yes, I think we are good to go
Some think staying on a diet is hard while traveling, not if you use DWL shakes and eat your meals every 3 1/2 hours.
Music can really bring the atmosphere of a party to life.
Why not create a playlist ahead of time?
I just dislike the 2011/2012 comparison.
2011 was a pretty rare turnaround.
It's like rolling a 12 and expecting to do it again.
RIPJuniorSeau ...
how sad.
Power steering pump burntoutno Arizona show for us tonight sorry guys : we will be back in az on march 23rd at skrappy's in Tucson!!!
Made it in to San Diego finally.
Not for Coachella.
For fantastic lineup at the Museums and the Web conf.
That's why I had to stop voting a straight Republican ticket and renounce my Young Republican membership Yes, I'm serious.
GOD DAMN So to my new followers Sexy af
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
so who won the late game?
I didn't watch.
takes on snowboarding in today's Tims Travels and he's a rookie  so make sure to tune in to
SEO Company, RevBuilders Marketing Signs All Natural Beauty Company
Great to connect with !
Bringing smart international students to the U.S is a national security and diplomacy issue!
doctorads Hang In My Face...ToHideMyPain!
Eating a delicious dinner made my my mom mm
an email Being passed around about it.
But instead, there is nothing happening, I've searched.
Kony is still chilling in
Congrats Concord on the win tonight.
Kids had fun protesting corporate personhood too.
rochester tweeps Should I have a cocktail tonight or be good?
is sneezing coughin and in pain!
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Abraham Lincoln
yeah probably
I get so confused sometimes when i watch That 70's Show.
er ..
why yes dear!!!
you can acompany me so's i dont fall of my shoes ..
cuz we all know i do it haha
Bilaterality exercises thru MetroMath; VT exercises coming out soon.....
And I'm pissed about ADTR not going
At the same time, the internal sphincter of the urinary bladder is closed, thereby preventing retrograde passage of the ...
Ya boy R'ra is in da house
there is no twitter war like a / Fact.
My school district is cutting 1015 Media Specialists.That means no elementary school will have a FT school Librarian
that was all you.
We were just along for the ride.
haha thank you!
Pretty sure I got a pity pass...
But it's a pass nonetheless.
I'm glad the rain held off to show off san diego on veterans day as we host the historic carrier classic on national tv
Sam no Sam!
We are off to for a fun filled day at the water park!
We've heard all good things!
: Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
In other news this back of the van seating sucks
Yes, it does
haha good day
Sweet, can't wait!
My husband and I love the show, y'all are hilarious!
Kick is good.
UM 179.
Kudos Michigan D.
Lol Jody said I do people wrong .
At the table read for Trapped!
yeah, WOW.
should be opening this more and more, but instead turning the ball over more and more
What is your favorite song to run/jog to?
I want a new playlist!
Today!
Thanks :
we are at table number nine, over.
So much fun having the talented Jaden Carlson in for an interview and performance on the show today.
GO GO KRFC!
My perspective on this: Obama ran on bipartisanship, but Republicans planned from day 1 to oppose everything he wanted to do.
Is it really college basketball season next week??
Love comedy central!
If you love good music check out these guys .
let's do it!
I could handle G but haven't used it in 1 million years
Welcome!
Check us out!
dogood Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Back at Emory?
I'm a grad student and I shared the track with you a few times before you went to FL.
Welcome back!
If I didn't have to walk through 20 mins of it to get to work, I wouldn't mind it!
My puppy will be excited though.
ahh good luck!
I'll call you in a few days!!
our paths with cross again one day.
and hopefully youll have 5 bucks on you
Hello, whats wrong with your mobile?
Everytime ive tried to call it says the person you are trying to contact is in your heart.
Thanks for the honor of the follow.
I really appreciate it.
Looking forward to your tweets.
It's NATIONAL DOG DAY!
Give your pooch a smooch!
: 
I don't want to go to the dentist tomorrow, cuzz I'm sure they'll find something wrong no matter how well I care for my teeth.
True.
And what Chris Rock said on show recently.
Wealth is having options.
lmaoo don't worry Kim I'm on my way !
Poke, Poke.
Too lazy to sign in to FB just to pick on ya : 
Nothing interferes with my concentration.
You could put an orgy in my office and I wouldn't look up.
Well, maybe once.
Isaac Asimov
Do what you can do and let go and let God do what you can't

Again, I am sorry.
See you tomorrow on something.
Have a good night.
Got to tweet some national breaking news today.
BOA protesters in the streets outside my office window.
Helicopters.
Arrests ..
19 days to go.
When God gave out looks...Kayne West thought that he said books and he didn't want any.
lol, I'll hit you up with more details
Wtf you take me for?
Nigga show love!
ha.
Shut up.
sorry man  I've become a bruncher
Catch up on the week that was and the week to come on The Franchise Weekend Show 69am Team990.com MONTREAL SPORTS
Bahahahah ne'er can trust em!
lol I'm on a mission!
And luck helped too :
Gettin ready for work..
Makin a money pie gettin more dough
A state trooper is placed on leave as DPS investigates claims officers gave protesters doctorgs.
My friend Walt's words for 2012 are focus, determination and tenacity .
Good advice for us all.
Things are getting weird and I like it
I'm so pissed.
Someone stole my brothers iPhone today in the locker rooms and like 3 other kids got theirs stolen too
bout to go out to eat wit dat baby man
it's the only one worth reading
Ya Look Great Boot Camp is how I stay fit
Twos company; threes a crowd.
Aw thanks for coming to UberIcon!
Merry Christmas from Jesus is the reason for the season!
Lunch with the soldiers n check got picked up by unknown.
This Army thing does hav it's benefits
They can't handle you for being you.
; LOL.
i kinda had a bet going wit my dad...i just lost....
Made some designs and got paid.
Thanks to my paying costumers im going on track.
swag graphic designer pepsi manica : Goodnight!!!!!
I have a not  so  secret anymore secret!
I have to work so I'll miss deezy Thursday :
just one or two team ones from last year, nada from this year
RT  Any Cleveland fans wanna go to a yankees/indians game next week in Cleveland?
Preferably Tuesday.
Commerce, HUD, Energy, Education
You can't be what you can't see.
Marie Wilson
Let's go , going for 2 in a row with Smart leading the charge!
Project x was def a crazy movie.
kill the basket
love the thinking time idea.
What would it look like?
Sitting?
Freewriting?
Walking perhaps?
Lots of people have been asking me if I'm going to Memphis in May.
I'd love to, but my wife is nearly 9 mos pregnant!
We'll go when he's 1.
Been waiting on this car for about an hour now ...
SNL has me in tears!!
I remember when I wanted thousands of followers on twitter...
Now I wish I had more than 300 on tumblr sigh
Never Order Any Thing On The Menu Made With Chunks A Chunks A Burning Love
Right...Apps for cell phones.
He is researching it and how to work with Apple.
It's actually interesting.
Hope he can do it!
why am i still sick?
Darn, I missed it.
Could have dotted the i
Buss trip to NLM, 1st time there!
Ah!....
there's a HAIL STORM outside.
First time seeing hail.
saint louis
oh cool!
Where are they located?
Sounds like a tasty spot to try out :
Real DJ over here sir!
i think that's illegal in some states
swag gurl out
A game 7 win?
Writing session and Going over beats w my bruh
and then you feel so low, you can't feel nothing at all.
morning!!!
Yea that's my mini me!
Thanks!
I believe that my life's gonna see the love I give returned to me.
This X Factor is trippy.
This X Factor show is horrible.
Be all you can :
I'm pretty sure this game is prohibited by the 8th amendment.
NYC: See Michael Moore tonight at his signing for HERE COMES TROUBLE: Stories from My Life  BN on 33 West 17th Street
Happy Birthday :D I love you so much   
RT i have not wanted anyone to lose so badly since john mccain.
OH.
Okay..
lol it's showing an egg on the mobile website.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Panic Room
Finding the wedge audience is critical
Holy crap it's the 1 year anniversary of the death of Osama.
I gotted news
Anyone ever cycled in Hawaii?
Specifically Oahu?
Not exactly accommodating in my opinion.
life is a short trip
Great post!
BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!!
: I love you x
Watching Scary movie  eating some pizza hut :
The Avengers for the 2nd time in 3 days  and again in IMAX 3D as well :
I need him .
.
.
I've been loving him all day .
I'll love him more 3
Thanks!
Would be great to bump into you :
You can tell you ate too much for Thanksgiving when you have to let your bathrobe out.
I completely agree Moms are truly the unsung heroes of our lives and, the world What would be without the love  guidance of moms
what did you think of Om Stranger Tides
Couldn't believe how young some couples were, looked like high school students, yet had 3, 4, 5 kids each.
We would like to thank everyone that made it to Moon Dog Tavern on Saturday!!
Guys GUESS WHAT....16 more days left of school....yayayayayayay.:
Saw you bought your ticket for Walk Away With Art at  so excited to have you!
amWriting a book review.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems
oKAY sO iVE nOW bECOME oBSESSED wITH mY cAPS lOCK....dONT hATE gUYS :
Hittin the Trap
WERE WATCHING A MOVIE FOR THE NEXT THREE DAYS THE WALLS ARE SINGING HALLELUJAH AMEN
I think it is, beardo.
I think it's cute:
David Carter's senior recital today at 1:00 in Sweeney hall!!!
Come check it out!
can i get a tweet??
xO
I wish they would do a tour in the usa?
:x
Lmao this has been the best Vegas trip by far
Love me some
And the best part is, you sell them back for roughly 1/25th the cost of what you bought it!
Orlando bound soon
Maybe he thought you were a stray dog?
my floor is so much more comfortable than my bed....
When is the Brewers TV Deal up?
How much would a new Milwaukee Market TV Contract be worth?
Let's all be ghosts then.
In marble falls, its pretty, idk why but I like it
The field is shaping up as two more join, giving the Safeway Classic 20 of the top 20 on the money list.
we bouta play the game
This nigga need to hurry up and bring me my money
keep it going HHW!!
NP Ja Rule ft.
J Lo : I'm Real
Get your team focused by choosing a different player to do devotion before each practice.
Use SignUpGenius to organize the schedule!
Happy Chinese New Year!!
Year of the doctorgon I believe...
Want to Add a Share Bar to Your Site?
Buffer Makes It Easy
FUCK YOU MILITARY THE TANGO IM PEACEFUL  PEACEFULPLACE
lol.
I told you the brain is sucked out first year and replaced.
All that is replaced isn't rationale.
I think it's weird is complaining to people from Long Island.
Attn Focus Readers!
What are some of your favorite photography blogs you frequent everyday?
If the disease of stress was identified by the CDC, we'd have people in yellow suits  masks all over the country.
Tim Ryan
RT Strange how all these pop stars on the radio sing about the weekend, as if they're at office jobs through the week.
Why is it that we have the weight of the world on our shoulders, but have to get it off our chests?
Just apologized to my wall for bumping into it...
If u use real name u are naive to think anyone cannot find  read tweets.
Being encouraged to put it on my resume by professor
Congratulations on being name 2012 Business Marketer of the Year Award by the Business Marketing Association of Colorado!
that's going to be a powerful show!!
RT : FYI: 48 of city tax revenue comes from real estate related taxes.
very interesting
Fro some restaurants it may be extended.
Not official but in Open Table.
For most no!
For us tonight it is the last night!
Diablo3 will be the first game in over a decade that I will have bought on Launch Day...
anyone else looking forward to it Next Week?
RT : I think so but it's rare to find a department that can foster an environment that encourages them
: You know you're really in love when you smile at every message he sends you.
My movie is on 
Best wishes to all the people of Egypt for rest of their days.May their future be one of true peace and true freedom!!!!
Happy Friday and get home safe in this snow.
Time for another trip to hawaii!
Ill try not stay for a month this time!
Who's down?
With our time share its super dope!
I'm on it!
Or maybe not...
the one about Anthony having his own seat.
No Australian Galaxy S I Launch Plans Yet
vicar's butt potato is phrase of the day, as far as I'm concerned
it bothers me that the kid is in ur fantasy
Rocks!
They helped get our short sale back on track in less than an hour!
THANKS!
this is very trippy.
u look a bit awkz in this.
sounds good!
what kind of herbs/spices did you use?
i think i could eat lentils and/or chickpeas every day.
everyone is clueless.
: For myself I mean..
Just remember your own wild magnificence, Tabbi.
It exudes from you, an unconquerable force!
Youtube is addicting
today was track day ugg it was nice out though
: yup : RT : Did Indiana really just win?
HYFR!!!!
and I wonder why would I wait 'till I die to come alive?
I'm ready now, I'm not waiting for the afterlife.
time to hit the gym on Monday...
need some studio time when you get back from outta state.
get at me been their plenty times cant get ahold of anybody though.
Does B1G rip joepa name off tourney trophy?
Who replaces?
Fry?
Alvarez?
Osborne?
Thanks for liking my page Jeremiah!
:
see you there!
And let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts.
Colossians 3:15
Cake cake cake!
Yeah, Kelly!
Thanks!
This is so much better than yesterday's news about cognitive decline commencing ten train stations after thirty!
taking a walk down NOLA memory lane :
so is
Must be tough to be a female body builder what with lifting in heels and a bikini.
Justin, you should know since it is spelled correctly on the restraining order she has against you.
SO glad you posted this!
Just registered  have a perfect song to submit, one I've been wanting to get out there.
Just got a call from Chase about setting up appt to talk about banking.
Anyone else think sat morn is inappropriate for this?
Lana Del Ray
Wade has been playing like shit all series though.
the last thing imma say is..this is your year..God has been blessing u...but be patient he will give u exactly what u need
Feuding Officials Hurt NBA Players Union The labor battle between the NBA and the National Basketball Players Association was an ugly, pr
That awkward moment when you fall asleep while reading a book and then try to continue when you wake back up...
Life's Like A Dick, It Gets Hard For No Reason.
We don't want no skinny bitches, little bitches get out!!
CAN'T STUDY ANYMORE :o
I just got dumped for the first time in my life!
Looks like it's back to my whorish ways.
My guy Bosh is out..
we still ridin
I wish the Pacers had at least one player famous enough to get a fucking call every once in a while.
Awesome opening for the CMA!
it was what did it say...
really??
i'll ask her lol
we came here with nothin lol they hypin to the max haha
rain in rva reason to hoot 'n holler!
pollen is washing away!
DYK  A bag of Fritos has less salt than a slice of white bread?
if you're friends don't dance and if they don't dance, well, they're no fiends of mine.
SM is SOCIAL, 2way street, a conversation requires at least 2 people...let students reply
Tony noms CBS!
Now!
What's with all the pop ups on yahoo?
they're everywhere now
saw you maher.
Wow, you came off as such an arrogant hypocrite.
You are the epitome of the political problem in the USA
Because the quality sucked.
I'm not hating, just being real.
Also, you wanna get better studio equpiment as well.
But back to
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Make it a great day.
i like to think to think of smoking a lot of cigarettes as a form of folkmedicine.
Ha!
You're basically a part of the family then.
:
Im still ride'n with San Antonio pops think he know the game better than me.
Good Morning Everybody
Goes well with kielbasa!
Grab a friend and check out the Polish Hill Art Fest!
Pottery, photography, paintings and more...
It really was.
I wish I knew you were there!
NachosOnMe.
I haven't seen you at the yet....
you're an ASSHOLE for putting a your company hash tag in that tweet.
Dickhead.
Hmm, I kinda feel like a bad person now.
Good thing I keep these comments to myself, mostly.
awesome win.
nice work  RT: a win for SKC!
10 goal by in the 93'.
3 points on the road!
Camera Fun Time.
Take some shots of the artwork on your walls for posterity.
In 20 years you'll say, Oh that's right.
I forgot I had that.
I Hate You Bro.
You're A Cunt.
Real Shit.
Happy bday enjoy it man
I want to sit on the couch  say super awesome and point to nothing  have Isaiah put a link in where Im pointing
just created my facebook page for Unforgettaballs come take a look!
meoh my gosh you saved my life.
superman I didn't shave your wife.
me whaaaa?
Superman dig!
me whaaa?
so i just locked my keys in my car
thank you Kristin!
I'll gladly take that as a compliment even if it wasn't meant to be one 
It's football season!
Whats better than opening day of the season?
The playing on opening day!
MerrySaintsmasEverybody!
: Where r the fantasy fball players at?
join my league.
We'll boot
favoritelyric if the bags light, tell him call me Ricky, cuz you got some explainin to do.
The depressing part is how little time in my life I haven't been working those kinds of hours, so it took me this long to figure that out.
You're sweet...BF
I love you, you sexy bh
On the way to Plaza Bonita RackOpening!
Preopening Tweetup, let's go media socialites.
Any girl can be glamorous.
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
There she is!
:
Follow me !:D
This rehearsal right now is torturous
Hey white liar, truth comes out a little at a time.
So beautiful outside after all this good rain.
Need to churn through my work so I can get to the garden and plant potatoes.
Watching Wait Until Dark with Completely terrified already.
The Bar Singer trailer for the debut novel by Pete Berwick: via
nothing on the books yet.
It's all Berlin and Zurich for now
As we proceed to give you what you need Get live mother fuckers
The fabulous aam2012 start in 15 minutes!
Minneapolis Ballroom B at the Hilton.
Free champagne to toast the 47 winners
Tumblr is unblocked on the school wifi omgb best day ever
me and andoctor might, we chilln at my house for a few first .
Ill have him txt you tmister
1317 don't get mad for me saying this...
But I lost all respect for you..
Merry Christmas to all  to all a good night
Thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for following us!
We're proud of our JerseyCity smallbusiness community.
See you soon!
Bitch please.
,isn't he the one who confessed to no serious discussion abt going to war
did you steal my Stella from the beer fridge today??
really?
William Byrd is closed tomorrow because of a freakin' sinkhole.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Doug Larson
Ginobli will be out 68 weeks 4 a broken hand...karma's a bitch, shouldnt have traded GEORGE HILL!!
Happy Anniversary!!
Enjoy :
we just had a long, intense newsroom stare down.
awkward :p
On May 1st 1945 it was announced that Hitler had died.
66 years later on the same exact day we have news that Bin Laden has died.
Crazy.
Pop music is about defying gravity.
Some pop is lighter than air.
But I always prefer the kind that uses big f rockets.
exactly.
hi sam.
i love you.
now, do it, okay.
Hello everyone!
I am an arts marketer from Hong Kong, living/ working in Washington DC, finishing an MA in
Praying : We're checking reports that a child has been shot at a home in the 3500 block of Buford Highway.
They do not have the age.
It was my pleasure!
Glad you had a good time.
Flying out at 6:am.
Bye Miami it's been wonderful :
Hipster douchebag asked me for change.
Denied.
Get a job and a haircut, and lose the ironic hat and the f'n skateboard.
I know I miss y'all too!
Tell her I said hey!
Guess what today is?
Who do you guys think would make a good couple with: Kesha, Miranda Cosgrove, or Victoria J?
i had a blast this eve.
forearms ache.
ears ring.
gotta work at 7am, and another show tomorrow!
thankz to those who came out.
Something good just happened.
I bet the tacos at in Anaheim have Mouseketeer jizz on them.
ITS FRIDAYY FRIDAY FRIDAY YEAH!!!
lol gotta love fridayys:
you were stiching up the seams of every broken promise that your body couldnt keep, i think i saw you in my sleep
Hello!
If you want to get our attention is the best account.
The status one for service updates.
:
It's Monday.
It's hot.
Spend it in the AirConditioning with us and get cool Badgers Brewers Packers stuff!
6082418807
time to apply for that grant.
looks nice out!
haha that's what happens when you brag about 74 degree weather
yer so cool
thanks love!
I hope your hip heals well!
Love you!
Looking into this for you!
I'll let you know as soon as I get answers...
Live view from out front storms passing to our east and west .
and pointless!
Lol
and fingers crossed that I find out what this insider is lol
BABES CABARET THIS SUNDAY ON SCOTTSDALE RD ..MARCH13TH ..FIRST RB AND HIPHOP NIGHT HOSTED BY
Oh gosh, he ought to know better than that!
I'm a very loving sweet person but he would bring the wrath of myself on him.
PEACE DAY 2011 the 14th Annual May 14, 2011 KIDS, FAMILIES and FUN!!!
Entertainment, Games, Prizes  FOOD...FREE!!!
www.peacequest2020.org
RIP Gene Colan.
I just heard this, sad news.
An amazing artist and a very kind man.
He'll be missed.
: Does your goal pass the underwear test?
99conf /huh?
What's that?
1/22 Special:Grilled Veal Chop on a Prosciutto,Asparagus  Fingerling Potato Hash w/Truffle Tossed Pea Shoots  Roasted Garlic Reduction
Glad to hear that our staff has been treating you well.
Best of luck during your recovery.
i fux wit
Trying to explain Wonder Twin powers: ACTIVATE!
to a 23 yr old colleague.
Guess I've got to wait for the movie to doctorp.
Will do.
Let us know if you ever need any cool etched wine or liquor bottles for any events.
thanking god for all are blessing ....
I am located in San Francisco, CA
Student tech knowledge may look good but tech competence test much lower in readiness assessment.
Yes  but only after the monkeys figure out the potato peeler.
I like your style
which two?
completely jealous.
Did you eventually find us?
Judge Judy sexy hot.
Her judgment interactions, fun to watch.
Hey man what's up, how's life been for you?
Thanks for the judicial advice.
Only one last bubble to fill in.
Thoughts on Prop 28?
RADIO VISIT  both stopped by this afternoon
Years ago as I was seekin the Lord, He told me that we'd begun The GreatestLoveAffair It melted my heart  Nothin compares 2 Knowin Him
Why doesn't Idol pay for part of the homecomings?
They're the ones  the city getting the publicity.
A fond farewell to a friend,Joe Sell,one of the most naturally talented musicians I've ever met passed away.You'll always be missed.
Approx 40 minutes till Monday Happy Hour begins!
Come on by  while youre here, be sure to make your Valentines Day Reservations!
what's up with that MIFMIB remix my friend???
thanks for the suggestion.
Hope you had a safe trip back, and looks like I'll see you in July in Denver.
is up with her awesome project.
I'm not her adviser but this one is still close to my heart.
I also need some aspirin or to go see a doctor.
I've had a headache for about two weeks now and it just won't go away.
4/20 tomorrow!
So what we get high;
yeah, smoky bonfire
meltingfaces I love the law, and if lovin' the law is wrong, I don't want to be right!!
Great job guys!
After watching the season finale of thewalkingdead last night, I can't help but have moments where I'm thankful for no zombie apocalypse
Really old King of the Hill is so well written.
Holy crap!
Thanks bud!
I Can't wait for it to get here
ShoutOut to ALL of the Haters Sitting  Watching  Hating on RipTheRunway RTR !!!
Don't mistake my highness for blindness, although I will avoid you and blame it on being high.
that girl at my game that tried to curse me out.
LOLOLOL.
pleasee.
just
Chi city!
Coming home again.
Starbucks and then it's nap time 
yea i think so
Taxation WITH representation isn't so hot, either!
Is it just me, or does Zach Randolph look like Eddie Winslow?
you can share!
I've done oil cleansing 4 a while, the trick is using the right oils for your skin  washing it all off!
to visit but ill be there for goon in April.
whats ur 
It's terrible.
The casting, the dialogue.
This show is only saved by quirky plot gimmicks and the wrinkled lady.
Watching some Chloe Moretz videos on YouTube.
She's so fantastic!
Hard day at work, I really didn't want to workout afterwards but hung in there and did it anyways.
I FEEL LIKE IM FOLLOWING LA FANS..
seriously!
Youre Pens fans..
stop..
put that energy into another PGH team..
np!
thats a nice name, where are you from?
:
ahh okay, i'll have to find it haha
I love the red hair!!!!
Super cute boo!!
yes, we plan to hook up those that bought the digi w/ a discount on the vinyl.
show support for teammindless we're in the lead and lets stay in the lead and win!!!!!
I'd favorite your tweet more than once if I could
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Albert Camus
Breakfast sounds nice right about nah!
its annoying when people say their ugly just to get attention.
Filner says he has a detailed jobs plan that focuses on the port, making it a major maritime center of the country.
Caught the comedy special.
He had me  rolling!
Josep !
Trying to read this book for school but I keep getting distracted...
u at da game?
In library building design, it's important to expand and emphasize people space.
Who want a innerstate Ike verse?
I got u for the low..
Let's wrk!
Wats Hatnin ?
Need A New Avi Idea ...
Look on Yelp under Protect Painters Central Austin.
You'll see that we're the best!
It cost more to fix a mistake then hire quality to start
followed me !
3 yayy : just made my day !
Possibly next time I see them
I bottle my emotions cause I don't like when pople give sympathy.
I hear ya.
But everyone has their price.
Mercury direct, thank Zeus!
Full speed ahead for all!
Go chase those doctorams now!
Y'all hear!!!
thanks zee!
Got your entry!!
:D
What does the universe have waiting for you today, tomorrow, next week!
Gonna be good!
Omg!
I was wondering what your tweet on Cinco meant.
Congratulations :
And I've barely been on tumblr .
That ain't normal for me
yes I'm not saying he played bad.
I just think he is a bad fit.
Coming from a goalie in myself.
I just don't think he
soccer game tomorrow!
You know you say the word like to much when it finds its way into your tweets oomf  omg like I'm so like pissed
Spring cleaning in January on a Saturday night.
Call me crazy, but it feels right.
haha very nice!
Umm could we get pics of you sporting a surfohio tee by at various Washington landmarks?!
!!
reverb nation is like a parent i never had that thinks they know what's best for my band.
i can NEVER PLEASE THEM
A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last.
Both do the same thing; only at different times.
lmao you're crazy girl!
Videos Coming Soon..
Tanner doesn't know what she's talking about.
Envious of all the high schoolers going to Prom right now..
bucadibeppo 
Boycott for helping sponsor the hate, racism  sexism of
Today is praise day at k love radio.
Call and request He gave me this day to be played please.
Thank u, Eric with Naked Like Adam.
LMAO well with ur girl it's juicy haha
No !
Wtf ?
eh...Awkward.
Um...I hope it wasn't weird talkign about Jose with you ?
:o lmfao.
And Victor really ?
Watch out!
You're on my list of favorites, too!
you were the man this post season.
I am proud to be a NINER fan.
I am however not a KW fan right now.
All Ways bring it hard
My head is fucking soft...
Now worries, I do appreciate you looking out : May be unconventional but it works so far as each page serves a dif.
purpose.
The LORD approves of those who are good, but he condemns those who plan wickedness.
Proverbs 12:2
VALENTINE COOKIES at GRIND, Library GRIND and EMS GRIND
Spent yesterday at Harpers Ferry, birthplace of the American system of manufacturing: interchangeable parts.
this is his first i'm this game
Pretty quick, I'll need their writing copy  payment to get started.
Have them email me and I'll walk them through it
if you're in Oakland and need waxing come see me this Weekend
Its Time for Us To Show Yall We Real HipHop...
My whole body aches;
newbies.
With we had nothing else to do.
ESPN deportes better show Pep's speech
Just saw a preliminary study, due to be released, proving that teachers don't teach social studies in elementary school.
.
, looking for those photos.
Thank you for reaching out.
love it.
Life guard and coached there.
Staging a twitter fight with
I don't understand the people who hate on Austin.
How can you sit there and judge every little thing about someone you've never even met.
people be koo with u when u around them but they talk ish when they not around
I got my 1D tickets to Seattle 2013 in the mail today!
Can I get a woot woot?!
:
Cool!
Just to let you know, I'm on vacation next week so I'll try and get the mockups done today.
What up flo can I call you flo
Dear Niners, go out there and take care of business today.
I won't be able to watch you guys kick some NY a but I trust you'll handle it.
Trying to memorize tartuffe by Monday!!!
Yikes!!
Damn .
Just woke up bout to eat some food then start up a couple beats
listening to the October episode of sound project to start the day
Same : : Then I'm off to the Ville lol
Ok Twitter I been slackin but I'm back at my followers I can't say everything I'm doin to the public no more but trust me u will see it!
V100 AllRequest Cafe is happening right now!
Call 345V100 with your song request or post it on the V100 FB page www.facebook.com/v100fm.
not my fault youve been working
RT : Once you realize everyone is screwed up, it makes life easier
Good morning world!
I am dying for eight hours of sleep but fear that I will never have the time.
agreed!
do tell.
...and we're back!
Remember what happened, but know that you cannot move forward while looking backwards
Gonna be a bad ass w/ tomorrow.
Sitting in the Senior Section  not wearing our class colors.
BAMF
Did a 2 hour interview on 710 Talk Radio for the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism.
I'll post the play times when available.
To tell a person i love you but im not in love with you to me seems like a way to tell a person go fuck yourself!
:D
I love my new underwears!
They make my booty all perky lol ;
LOL!!
I have been singing that all day!
Word is she got 2M for the commercial.
So close to being able to wash my hands of my taxes.
Core Java Interview Questions and Answers: String concatenation ...
Congrats to MickeyCasab on an excellent death scene in tonights
thank you
Excited to be headed back to school tomorrow!!
Should've got a new outfit lol.
Exciting news, Shauna.
Great adventure ahead???
Yay!
Have fun!
GoBrewers : Brewers Road Crew has arrived in Arizona for SpringTraining!
Happy Tuesday, everyone!
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down
I would be my wife's hero if I could get you to your new book for her.
lol that's cute.
I find it funny that pressed concert bootleg CDs have the gall to say unauthorized reproduction prohibited.

And I'll be looking for you on
The Tent is happening right now in the City Room!
I sleep to an endless loop of Theory of a Deadman.
We loved having you in Milwaukee last month.
You were awesome!
I sent my dad gummy army men for Father's Day.
To Phoenix.
They arrived in a giant ball of gummy.
WTF I was listening to the radio and the song just cut off and some strange beeping noises started playing.
ALIENS.
Who is going to watch the Oscars tonight?
So, excited to see what everyone is wearing!
thanks for checking out our jams!
busy week...
local show, studio, then hitting the road...
come have a doctornk with us
any cheese sightings tonight to support Frank?
Thanks brother.
Good luck to the Ravens tonight.
Beat the Jets!
Great day.
Tony stewart won race yesterday.
Deer jerky going on smoker and off to office do catch up on work
Me: Oh, hai Weight Watchers.
A voice in the background clears throat.
turns around Oh.
Hi, Mint Milanos.
we set up a group meeting for 10:30am.
i don't wanna have to wait for you cuz you're buying concert tickets...
I hate having to take pills to make myself normal.
IUsedTo think when a friend said Anything I can do to help, it wasn't complete and total bullshit.
I luv the most!
His personality smile music and now how 2 treat a lady!
I luv ya!
Plz follow me
We are the burning ones and we will not be contained.
Burning ones arise!
Come forth!
blood and booze, screw PG!
Glad to hear.
Sweet Jesus check the live Coachella feed on YouTube  THERE R DUDES PLAYIN COMPUTERS!!!!!!!!!!
Omg it's snowing in NYC in OCTOBER!
What is the world coming to??
Without a doubt the thesaurus is my best friend.
Im looking at the connector over the person with titles and degrees!
OH NO!
On the ground in Austin.
Want a burger.
'Harry Potter' Leaves Oscars With Nothing But A Tax Joke
Thanks...
I am the limerick laureate of Dawgwood lane..
:
hi, so im sending you an invitation to my 15th birthday party, you coming ?
3
Wishing everyone the best of holidays.
Start your 2012 at the Winter indoor market every Saturday morning 912
But rasins remind me of old people..ewwww lol
STEALING MONEY!!!
Wasn't I just putting on sun screen yesterday?
Crazy NW weather...
Hi guys!
What's Up?
How are you?!
Cara and I have developed a retiring, somewhat defeatist Super Bowl commercial for next year: It's nap time, America.
Bout to be off to SDFX 2 Jam I have an automatic spot in the Top 16.
Because I won the last prejam
so you jinxed them?
Damn!
Eager to see what Google will be like.
Rudy Gay is so cute to me
follow back and yall was suppose to come down her5e today!
What is the event about?
I love you Ollie  
Best thing I ever wrote: journals to record the cute things my kids say.
The best things in life are free.
thank you Mary :
Well, it usually ENDs with a bad case of the flu, if nothing else...
We sure will!
: I can't get enough 's Jalapeno Crisps.
I'm going to use them in another recipe today.
Stay tuned!
lol, nope, creating a professorle for my S.O...then I get to the actual applicationfirst thing it asks for is SSN...duh?
yes I know holy crap and cheers homie!
buahahah
like the Amholes!??
Shit, im about to go download that song
Happy Friday!
Be safe out there!
in an ideal world, we'd make decisions considering data on both educational AND social outcomes.
But when there's no data...
Nate and Reece told me too !!
hahahaha
YouShouldn't be too cocky, its a TurnOff sometimes..
hose repair time
Scott Walker
I will be in Lawrenceville, aka HIPSTERVILLE, so if you see me, say 'I'm gettingitdone and you might have a CoorsLight coming your way.
We need ur HELP...doctorp off ur use athletic shoe  Durango HS or Help us reach our goal Durango Project Sole Shoe doctorve
o it be windy in
workin on some things jus tryna hold life down.
you?
Join us tonight for dinner featuring our 2 for 25!
Choose two great entrees for only 25
I close my eyes and imagine I'm home

Cup of tea, positive attitude, sunshine, music, songs, great people, fantastic fans, exceptional friends, who could ask for more 
doctorssing for rain is hard.
I look like a confused hooker going in for her first legit job interview.
yep, presenting Monday, 8:15 am
Learn from and how to go viral at wssmiami using social media  online marketing
no it isn't.
I thought the world of him.
Praying for you'll and love you'll
: Libra's love an environment full of glamour and sensuality.
which one?
I'll shout 'em out!
Reworking my website and school program flyerscheck out the LOVE!
www.ILoveYouMoreBook.com
Oh, it's been a while.
Upcoming events have been TBA for two years.
:
A great choice for some afterregatta festivities is definitely
having a twitter dedicated to
ha RT Touchdown Steelers.
We're streaking!!!!!!!
Lets just call it myspaceface!!!!
But kay oohhhh
Ramp I got a heater...
Need you on...Orphanz
skip it
Our next show is on Sun., Jan.
29free!
all ages!with a reception following.
Bethel Presbyterian Concert Series in Bethel Park, PA.
I neva Was tha type to break they Heart until they Broke mine ' What goes around comes around Hearts were broken both times  Diiamon'd
T2 Maybe I should just get or to be my PCP...
I feel they could meet my medicopolitical needs :
You are...I'm just trying to look out for my bestest friend....Your not trusted, yet.!
:
who said??
Learning tips from the Grand Master of Memory, and there are pantyhose in the bushes at my parents' house...
Going to put out a short Minecraft video on my 2nd channel soon!
Lookin for a booking agent and publicist.
Dm me your info.
lol lets try to get tickets to see him!!
:
ImThatPersonWho is unique
I have a healthy obsession with trip hop.
Watching classic reruns of Saved By The Bell...
Favorite show growing up  thanks for the memories!
One down, five to go.
Hook 'em Horns!

people that don't know how to use roundabouts
According to ExecuNet Recruiter Confidence Index executive emplyment mkt reached 22 month high in April; shortterm outook equally optimist
you were so lovely on live today.
Got to see a little bit of your heart.
Goodnight, sweet doctorams!
:
Attending Effective Subscription Management and Alternatives.
We still have quite a large number of print subscriptions.
Thank you!!!
Have a great weekend : 
Off to school :!
Thanks a lot Ace.
Guess i have to do it on my own.
Dont ask god for things you never had ask him to recieve the things that are yours that he promised to you
I wear red a lot because it matches my eyes.
But I think your original pointthat the weirdness of g.s.
is that work sometimes looks like leisureis totally right on.
Sunny and bright  what a great day for travel  on the way to Minneapolis.
We must rapidly begin the shift from a thingoriented society to a personoriented society.
Forget it.
I dont even care anymore.
So done.
looks pretty cool!
When will it ship?
it said 6060 fuckyou ; whoever did it was getting personal I didn't know if it was for throwing the football at you lol
TY BOTH My Prayers Have Been Answered!
They all contacted me!
TY LORD!
PLZ KEEP Praying 4 Those Trapped n Indiana
uh yeah...
a totally awesome thing I must start doing immediately.
my bad you're not joking.
You always try  claim someone is a player..
So I know YOU'RE bullshitting about that bein a joke
haha wouldn't that be the greatest?
I think there is some kind of law preventing that, ill look into it though.
J.D.
Power and Associates Reports: Home Improvement Retailers Continue to Differentiate Themselves Through Their Staff ...
yes he is!
And will always be.
Simon is paying respects today also.
Follow me so i can send message off wall.
Laine
Give , The Centre on Philanthropy in Bermuda, a big warm welcome to the Twittersphere!
Via
incredible show.
The chemistry you all have together is amazing.
Very thought provoking  enjoyable.
Great Job, Jay.
Oh i totally agree.
Whenever I see behind the scenes, I immediately share it with everyone I know because I'm so excited by it.
Ryan Adams: the left does not have a monopoly on victims.
We're victims of the federal government
You're welcome!
Thanks for the kind words!
What's been your favorite restaurant from the list?
sexy sax man skit on SNL dies
Hope everybody had a great weekend!
We're looking forward to HumpDay at for 's performance for
I've got you both by at least a decade  HappyBirthday!
great job w/ Marines on Friday Night Fights Semper Fi!
great interview and insight.
Thanks for sharing.
yo when ya album doctorppin?
Holla at me i make music videos.
I can shoot a video to one of your songs
for someone that hates me so much why are you tweeting at me!?
hello how u
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.
Og Mandino elevate yourslf
Thank you!:D
oh thats right!
Starting to think I shouldn't have taken that two hour nap today.
is worn out from her double water aerobics session this morning but still glad I stuck it out for the whole 2 hours!
I wear mine under my shoe
Some times I don't need the glory.
of course friend 4 life
U can lead a horse to water but ya cnt make em think ya digs wat I'm sayin I gotta keep it nice n greasy round this peace!
Money mike haha
Dam you only came with me so you could smoke.
And then as soon as I'm not getting a g.
You want to leave.
True bestfriend.
No other modeling book out there even touches on what you talk about!
I will Never forget you You're in my Heart : 3
just waiting for the hook now and its a wrap fans i want to thank y'all for the support and all the above
SomeoneIWantToMeet Teenagers and College Students from all across the Charlotte area to come sell their gently used clothes to us!!
:
u guys crack me up!
bahahaha.
i love you.
that's perfect.
Amen to that!
Happy Sunday!
:
I'm jus makin moves dolo..
I JUST saw that.
Still can't see how they killed a guy....
Give a man an inch and he takes a mile.
Give a girl an inch and she'll run a mile...and then tell all her friends.
Lots of opportunities to improve mobile interactions  where to start?!
Here's to the Mahomies who already know the lyrics to SAYSOMETHIN by: 3 :
America's Money Now is an awesome talk show.
Find them on FB Page.
:
Diablo 3 servers down until about 1:30pm Pacific.
Well I guess that means I have no excuse not to do some work.
Oh i know, words of a ninja.
Put em' in the history book.
They'll come up in life...
Hahha.
Indeed!
RT : This is a perfectly beautiful moment to live, so give life the best that you have.
Unknown
The Heat should put a dog tazing collar on Chalmers w/ a remote  1 of the ass.
coaches presses it every time he does a stupid thing.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
Wow, the author is so angry.
CNNDebate ugh, Republicans suck!
doing la jolla half marathon, anyone want to come watch??
don't juice mushrooms ...tastes like feet
I feel like death, and I'm working.
:
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend
You don't understand how adorable you are.
I meant Dwight isnt trying to play tonight.
He and Blake are over rated.
Orlando can have bitch ass.
oh that's early /: haha my mom likes Damon and Jeremy more than Stefan lol.
learn about career opps in retail mgmt/HR in DC,AZ,TX,IL,MO, NJ, MD,VA, AR by following me
I just read the best thing :D
have u been working at odd hours and eating horribly?
That's how I got my Flu that put me on my A.
Jimmy johns should only hire females.
im sad.....anyone wanna give me a hug?
Currently rereading 'Mirrors' by Eduardo Galeano.
I'd be very interested in iPad workflow and tips over breakfast tomorrow
90 on Saturday.
TWITCAM YOU LITTLE WHITE CHINNED GANGSTER BUNNY
pissed to the max is wat it is bro I'm leavin next Thursday
you know it.
;
hangin'  hachi with family and friends
Hi there!
Life is complicated but good.
Finding my way.
Still.
How about you?
USCricket need 31 runs from 24 balls to win.
Nadkarni, who has been a bright spot fo the US, isn't playing today.
Any 1 know why?
Feels like day one all over again!
nice, text pics.
Not in the mood for beer?
Then head to galeria's on Broadway in Seattle for half off margaritas !
Time to cure your case of the Mondays !
Great article, thanks for passing it along!
And to answer your questions: yes!
That seventh grade French elective is really paying off today!
escape!
time for dinner, pie making, and dancing!
For a sec., I thought I heard ontheair.
Alas, it was only  impersonating that singular voice.
'Tomorrow night, Pinky,we will come up with a new plan.
One that isn't foiled by the atomic weight of gold.'  The Brain
If I don't have a place of my own, someone decent in my life, and some sort of schooling by this summer, I'm joining the Air Force.
The Office of the Registrar is LIVE on Twitter!
Follow us for important deadline reminders, enrollment updates, and much more.
Oh...
well I just wanted a break from Twitter This phone sucks the Touch Screen is slow like....
long time :.
I use logic.
Eating champ with organic scallions from my very own windowsill garden.
yummy yummy 3
Ladies Night 1 doctornks and Live Jazz/Funk/Soul Music every Wednesday , who's stopping by this week??
so excited big electronic acts are comin back to Summerfest!!
Just please don't schedule PaulOakenfold  Tiesto the same nite!
SHOUT OUT TO LILKIM AND MANY BLESSINGS, SO BEAUTIFUL
Three things are needed for a good life, good friends, good food, and good song
These are the playoffs...unless a Van Gundy starts humping your leg, let them go at it!!!
super excited to read it :
The Pope has arrived in Santiago de Cuba.
Raul Castro is welcoming him, calls Cuba/Vatican relationship very good
so it's filled with walkers basically?
Skinny  anorexic , thick  obese , virgin  too good , nonvirgin  slut , friendly  fake , quiet  rude.
You can never please society.
Support Group at your service
for a very important project in smart metering  LCA / logistics...
Smart grid applications on LCA  supply chain energy reduction
Great to hear from you.
I'm happy to see you working on Wiunion organizing.
The fight needs talented people like you.
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli and Mushroom.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
fun quiz to help remember which their/there/they're to use.
seeing slowdanceinmidtown with !
playing halo
Sorry that there's no post today.
I've been busy with birthday things!
:
Yo shy get Jimmy Johns for tha fifth night inna row?
Or a Burger from Fridays?
Ps yu a beast ryt now
but not the gstj app!
It's better 
Office holiday party.
I mean, if you want to pay me to hang out with you, that's fine.
DearWeekend can you please bring back the sunshine?
watching the second year mfas do the scottish play !
HES SEXY AND HE KNOWS IT
leon thomas and daniella for me.
and davis cleveland, bella thorne, and zendaya.
are you followed by any celebrities?
im flattered
Do you have a special story to share with us regarding your aroma diffuser?
Share your experience by mentioning us
long time no talk tho
Suspected operational head of alQaida arrested at Cairo airport, Egyptian security sources tell NBC News

Pretty Boy Life I love my followers !!!!
Thanks Bob, We are very excited for the shows this weekend!
Gooch making his first start for Sporting Lisbon today, though club is down currently down 20 to Pao de Ferreira.
Thank you so much.
Let us know if you have any questions about the designs :
Lynda.com and I are having an intense weekend together.
don't say how are the kids I feel so awkward christina the cuban
follow me please i love you so much 3 
You are an amazing man DW!
You inspire me to be successful!
We've met several times and everytime, you're the same!
Never fake...
you make me sick.
You'll see them this summer!!
I'm watching man TV with the men.
RT I'm all for having confidence but crop tops aren't for everyone
RT : shooting set at if you're gonna be there come say hi  you might make it on
Thats awesome!!
Say hello from me :
my tongue feels like beef jerky
I'm completely doctor thanks though at least I know who you are hahaha
yea...
Lol I usually don't have feelings at all..
if you want really funny tweets then follow and
holy shit that new wasp they found is huge
UPS guy just doctorpped off my new pair of brown suede Clarks!
I like your blog.
tonight is the last night of this shoot.
In LA the 15
SOO MUCH LOVE TO EVERYBODY WHO FOLLOWED hope you enjoy the track as much as I do!
what's wrong?
Haven't tried that 1.
I'm a brownie and chocolate chip freak
Who is the best summertime band?
Thanks everyone for all the great feedback on episode 13, our Desire reflections.
Can't wait to record part 2!
Ok, it's official: is the most honest, sweeping portrayal of humanity in the history of any medium.
COUPON: 20 off any jewelry repair service.
Mention this tweet to cashier to redeem!
Paradise Valley Mall
I had a feeling someone would think so..the things I think about while doing laundoctor haha!
Had my first HF QSO tonight.
My fellow Hamisterdio geeks will appreciate that.
But still a few antenna tuner woes.
We have to preserve even items created using proprietary software.
That might mean buying the software.
A lot of great tweeting on CIFswim, CIFtrack,  RCCsoftball by  this weekend.
Okc Need To Beat The Celtics Tonight :
Dear internet retailer, please don't massemail me about a sale on products that aren't listed on your site yet.
Am I supposed to guess?
Hey, what are you guys talking about in the History of Now session?
hmm that must be fun.
do you watch canadian idol?
you're doing some heavy lifting running point on race conversation...appreciated...!
MT : Chun: networks spatialize temporal, to map impossible totalities, but also engender the unpredictable future.
That one person you can trust
Dont miss out on the auction everyone is already talking about.
Coming to
Saw gripe about vendor doing Harry Potter search at an academic.
Just had one do it.
Must warn; academic librarians pretentious.
Gotta love small towns  call for an eye doc appointment, getting in tomorrow.
None of this waiting weeks bigcity crap.
Not a Smith fan either.
I'd enjoy Curry a lot.
Gets to the QB.
Like Crick but don't see the JJ Watt comparison.
Dos Santos comes out to Rocky theme music...the original..not Survivor.
:/ oh man...sorry.
Like I said though, don't let it get to you.
And you are unblockable to a lot of other people :
I.S.D.
Locksmith Pacific Beach offer up to 50 on local Locksmith services: 15 rekey ur Locks, 45 Lockouts services
Do do do do do FORTY FIVE FORTY SEVEN!
New Release.
Bachata with Trombones......
And that's your ballgame.
31 Mariners in 11 innings.
Ichiro gets 5 hits in home country.
Allnighter was worth it.
HAPPY BASEBALL SEASON!
Don't know what I'm doing tonight
The iEconomy: Apple x2019;s iPad and the Human Costs for Workers in China
Congrats to the badgers on a great season
Happy that Manny is going home!
I hope the Sox can keep going.
I nominate Ed Flynn for city superhero ...
DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions  fulfill my purpose.
Give me the patience to deal w/ppl  a heart of humility.
hope you feel better beautiful!
Braun should come to the plate while Paul McCartney and Wings plays
request sent
Oh!
It is fun : It'll be my third time going this year.
I'm hoping my friends in TCOA get to play
Hey, sorry it took so long to respond.
Can you tell me a bit about your business?
Nothing like starting the week off right with 's spinning class/hell!
Id say everyone should join but I'm possessive of good classes
Get this title back brauhma bull
you are SLAYING me, girl!
Thanks for the chuckles.
Imagine You're lying on the couch with Liam's arms around you and your eyes closes.
Liam kisses your cheek and says:''You're beautiful.''
I have the perfect track for you produced by Boss Doss at CoRic Music get at me.
Keep doing it on em!
Dopest female in hiphop!
mane I'm n Miss.
Higher education cannot be a luxury.
Yesssireee!
I hate it when you have to do that!
; RT : Forgot about the headache of the tin foil
I will!
All good!
Girl Scouts at Fair Oaks Raley's  future leaders.
5 customers deep  they don't miss a beat, still catching anyone walking by
Thank you and especially who made this visit to Nashville my most memorable.3
So sad to miss artstechsf first meet up tonight : folks, take photos and have a doctornk for me!
My hair is acting up today.
:P Oh wait...
I'm a guitar.
xD I don't have hair!
Psh..
xD Wait..
How am I typing?!
O.o
If he was a mistake u were the biggest mistake ever and I regret it all
Wow, so close yet see/hear/smell nothing RT : Firefighters on the scene 77 Underwood street NW with heavy fire on the second floor
Spring is fast approaching.
Make sure you have all of your outdoor gear ready for all of your outdoor activities.
I ordered mine last night.
I rule.
Facebook is Lame.
GO TWITTER!
i need answers!
:
When oh when will we able to charge through wifi?
How many of u guys forreal honestly would've fucked the white girl in the movie
Exactly.
Offer them a few G's over minimum and Josh Butler.
RT : Trade for him.
RT : Were excited to help more farmers markets welcome SNAP customersthis is good for lowincome families  helps boost...
So my Mini dance studio will be ready on Dec 19th!!!
Excited
hey honey!!
Glad ur feeling well!
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
That is very possible, but I always felt that it was just empty!
good to k ow Ricardo.
Good to know.
THIS FOLLOWING LIMIT WTF?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
IS THAT?!?!?!?!?!
HONESTLY ITS DUMB..
so anyone who is following me that i aint following back srry
Have an Empowering Day Ms.
S!!
EmpoweringWomen Fuchsia Muahs
do we get a two hour delay??
That wld be great if we did :
HI I LOVE U
hey just got a new samsung gravity this phone is awesome
u geh a excuse thats why
The countdown begins, Boombozz number 6 in Indy is getting ready to set sail.
Best Pizza by Food Network.
24 beer taps, 9 of them local.
I loved that piece.
game of thrones?
What I doctoram of?
Yes, just to live...breathe ...love ...and know that I loved!
And appreciate every moment...Because our life is unique...
Reasons why im wierd my cat tried to eat my fish
When you feel discouraged about yourself or your circumstances, remember that God made you and loves you just the way you are.
Happy Birthday 3 :D
dear mom, is it really necessary for you to say I wonder how your friend is doing every time I mention work?
I DON'T KNOW AND DON'T CARE.
iight man haha are you staying the whole show
my mike smackin 
Thanks guys!
RT : Showing love and appreciation to for the follow.
Online music mag out in Seattle!
Would you be willing to change your whole outlook?
the blinds wide open so he can see you in the dark when your sleeping.
I get very, VERY excited when I see a group of Amish people.
Like, what are you doing?
You're AMISH?
That's still a thing?
Really?!
what is that?
I only play the kinect sports 1  2, they're a lot of fun though
Monday morning blues getting you down?
Take that plastic bag off your head, silly!
thanks dearie!
i was thinking late summer?
saving my pennies for South America!
So many kids receiving free swimming lessons today and USA Swimming Foundation gave Chula Vista 5,000 to educate more instructors
Up.
Agenda: Completion of packing/cleaning, shower, bagels, and eventually, HOME!

Today in Literary History: Nobelprize winning author John Steinbeck was born in Salinas, CA in 1902.
kasha would look great in that!!
I stand correctedwho needs the Stratosphere rooftop coaster when you have the SFO parking structure.
Thx for braving that.
:
I have a weird crush on captain Sig Hansen.
Im sorry for everything .
Every single mistake ive made .
Im sorry.
Stale Oreos are the bomb.
ANYONE WHO GIVES ME ANY KIND OF SHOUT OUTS ...
ILL GIVE Y'ALL A SHOUT OUT RIGHT BACK!: so, have those shoutouts coming!!!
:D thanksguys!
Can my Mother inlaw ever act like there's not a stick up her ass when she see's me?
Didn't think so.
Anthony Bennett throws down a similar behindtheback alleyoop for 63 points.
Then we told each other the thoughts and feelings that were underneath our reactions
A warm greeting to and thank you for following Tom Shaw Trio!!
Just started watching 'Archer,' so I guess now I don't have to try crack.
hate it sometimes when lil boys have to grow up its sad
I just want something great, something new, something thats all for me 
That sounds absolutely amazing Mark!!
So will you be going like all over the states for it?
How can Sen Manchin vote against the women of WV??????
Thank you Sen Rockefeller.
so true.
Yet their silence speaks volumes.
And not necessarily in the good ways.
:
URBAN DICTIONARY: Girl Bye TRANSLATION: Most commonly used after one female is in a friendly disagreement with another female.
thanks :.
Glad you love them!
Can't wait for the save the dates and invitations.
what a shame Satchel Paige could not have had a long MLB career!
No telling what he would have accomplished.
360 people who can't see anything in shibuya who can't see anything coming because they have keitai two inches from their face.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat
Sometimes to win, you've got to sin.
Don't mean I'm not a believer.
We will actually be closed for the Super Bowl.
But we will open for normal hours on Monday.
Nice!
If I had to get a new one, that's definitely the color I would get.
And yes, always always lock her up!!!!
I'm the world's biggest bandwagon Pacers fan lol
You doctorve me insane..
After i walk away you make effort.
waiting eagerly!
Bronco defense needs to be revamped, retooled and OMG...get someone who can stop the run
kids Gospel Mass / Services: Gospel Mass / Services Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 10:00 AM Our Mother of Mercy 1001 East Terrell Ave., Fort...
We're taking a break from recording this week to prepare for The Weekly Current 2.0.
Send us some songs, yo.
Haha!
I heard Spicy Buffalo and Bleu Cheese wafers were the new thing!
RT : Washing my hands before communion
bought myself shoes with money.
hahah.
If April showers bring May flowerswhat brought the April showers?
Our pets heads are falling off!
I arise...
torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
This makes it hard to plan the day.
E.
B.
White
Socialjusticesexuality.com to find out more about us!!!!!
Do you have a schedule?
Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are
I wouldn't get any work done there, I'd look out the window all day
I am so so so blessed tonight I had the wonderful opportunity of meeting the talented Alan and Marilyn Bergman!
Hate Mondays.
it's not even Monday yet!
RT : Four key players to watch who must respond at Final Four are Elijah Johnson, Kyle Kuric, Marquis Teague  William Buford.
1st question is to Gayla Jamison: How does she organize her crews for international production?
Also when do you decide to use subtitles
Psalms 119 is a faith decree of epic proportions....
speak in agreement with these words out loud and charge your inner man.
team salty
you're apart I'd it in spirit...?...
I see youu , lol I'm tryna get back up there once I get my shit right .
RT RT Turn your phone off!
Pshh, like that's going to happen!
puts phone on vibrate
Sniper elite v2...
Oh my goodness
i dont lick balls.
sorry
I LOVE when teams do the White Out tshirt thing.
Memphis came up with a fresh idea today
Hot, hot conditions predicted for Monday's Boston Marathon.
It's like 1908 all over again....
24 hours is just not enough time in a day for me to do what I gotta do.
Btw this is also a construction zone.
Awesome
We here are so curious.....what did your Girl Scout Troop think?
Ofcourse!
Hey, this is your two week warning until I'm in town!
Let's do something fun!
Secret of life is being able to have an ironic attitude about constant change of manners but still have attachment 2 our values 
Breakfast club to cap off a long week!
She says she wants my heat..
Anyone that's following this account
I'm up guess ill pray, that's the best time 2 pray early n the morning :
Today is National Champagne Day  game 7 World Series.
How perfect!?
go Rangers!
Tonightcostume party, bubbly, game watching!!
This rain got me thinking tho
yeah it didn't sound too good, I listened anyway and it was great to hear you get it fixed
Go and follow , she play in JONAS LA !
Night at home doctornkin' and listening to pandora.
i procrastinate so much it's not even funny
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Just gave my mom flowers and now taking her out to breakfast.
:
The time stuff is really cool are you aware of the 'lubridate' package?
Working on hand2ear.mp.
Now taking dates for appearances, speaking engagements, competitions at schools, juvenile detention centers, etc.
Long, long day.
you gone crazy
thanks,glad you liked it.
Yes.
Worked with the programming team on slotting on the films.
Moving up...
A little.
Here we go!
Cats Cats Cats!
Had a great time with family and friends in FL.
Good to be back in the Big Apple.
To all u bum niggaspussy hoes who throw dirt on my name 
You're a RockStar!
: hands on hair cutting class was a success yesterday.
Now off to Nashville to rock the stage...
No one will be talking about Pinterest this time next year.
True or False?
Crewtide: crowdsourced viral video.
We help indie filmmakers enter 60B industry of branded storytelling.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight Eisenhower
Ha hell nah
I totally agree.
They did sign up for contact football but the equipment that's being used is cheap IMO and they don't tackle
Just told one of my students I remember the days before Facebook.
He looked shocked and said, I didn't know you were THAT old.
How late is party on 21st?
Flying back from conference that night.
Ill make sure team is there though!
WORD  Same Here Boy ,
omg if he did that would be so awesome!
Hurry  make your way down to !
Happy hour is almost done!
Come and check out our various food items and don't forget 1 Olympia!
Americans will spend more in taxes in 2012 than they will on housing, food, and clothing combined.
It's 2012, TheKilling.
You don't get to go up to the gate without a ticket.
Ridiculous.
Ghana Imports Wood
SALSA ES LO QUE HAY  10 PM EST.
DJ REY BORICUA IN THE HOUSE!!!
JOIN THE CHAT!!!
NO SE LO PIERDAN!
It'd be so much easier if people just stop assuming I can guess what they want from me.
Chas bono is in dwts and he is in it to.stay , haters find.something more productive to do , he is just another human being ...
Father, son charged
Game of Loans: Compound Interest, Compound Fractures, and Mafioso Lending Practices
No kobe; we will.
See how Blake do
Ray J's penis was longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage...
Just sayin'
Frankie Bailey signed on to marc11 tweetchat  desginer/web programmer and small business owner looking to give back!
It's Friday Fun day!
What are you doing this weekend?
r.i.p bestfriend r.i.p shawn
three dates with WHO??????
Shed never cheat on me
Great day ,: rae gets to come over this weekend ,: lovin'it
I work for the MN Historical Society.
Plus I get excited about the overlap between content/digital/visitors/users, too.
Anyone know where USA cricket kit might be available for sale?
I mean, other than FantasyLand?
why aren't you in Houstron for the TRAIL meeting?
Highest excellence is like water in its benefiting all things and in its occupying w/o striving the low place which all men dislike.
Lao Tzu
Stephen Joyce will howl!Don
I miss summer 2011 with 
i ms you
Went to doctorve husband's car today, and miraculously the gas tank was not on empty.
We update our website all the time today even.
It's at 5thavenuecinema.org Sign up for our mailing list at our 1st show!
Love watching Oscar speeches like Octavia Spencer's.
The emotion is just amazing...
what an awesome feeling to achieve something so great!
My serve was on just now.
Love that feeling.
Don't worry, I have not forgotten about you.
: Things have finally slowed down, so review copy coming soon!
Why are you always breaking my heart?
/3 I was there for you, when NO ONE ELSE WAS!
Now I hear your with a guy, it breaks my heart...thanks
glad to see the geffen moca is a repurposed warehouse...
speaks to my inner miser
i love you 3
.
not sure why anyone would consider taking beverage advice from someone who can't even spell succumb.

I'm impressed with all of your running!
Keep on truckin'.
Going to 5th period when there is 8 minutes left and knowing the 3 pages I was working on are done 
My intern started looking into that for me Monday.
Is it the Bahamas?
Oh, please let it be the Bahamas.
Exciting talk with a documentary producer about small businesses in America.
We want to call it This land is made 4MeNU obvi.
: did you get my facebook note?
Hehe no worries : x
a panorama app in the iphone store.
Its free.
Better than the last one I had.
You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered.
doctor Wayne W.
Dyer
hi food friends  looking for some healthy cooking blogs, can you recommend a few?
Today is the first day of the summer term!
A warm welcome to all new and returning students!
Me: would u love me if I had one arm?
Bf: I'd love u if u had no arms Me:3
Look forward to seeing you tonight!:
lmao.
oh wow
Meech started doctornking plus he aready did give a fuck so he really started gettin JUICED UP, Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube...
I sure am talking a lot about doctorgs lately.
truly the doctoram
Thanks to and 12K people showed for an awesome exhibition game in Toledo.
Great way to start the season.
Idk..we just ordered pizza
FF Follow them!
They are the Best so Hit the follow button!
:
Hard work builds character..whether you like what you are doing or not
The bible is more than a coaster for your coffee, a place to hide a note or decoration in your room.
The bible is inspired.
Ok cool!
Dad loves MP and got me hooked on it.
i forgot how stupid twitter was...
youtube is messed up.
every time i go on it to watch a new video it says there have only been 301 views when in reality it's like 1 mil 
One of those days!
Just listening to doctorke's Take Care featuring Rihanna!
It really gets me so I'm checking out the video on youtube....:!
lol fine can't wait to hear!!
i cut my mouth today..
..with a spoon, shit gettin' dangerous !
the ps3 game tester is valuable because they need to know how the members of their target market think and what they look for in videogames
God Bless U Bruce Jenner
RT: : Todays the day!
Join us for a FREE Disney concert with Tay Barton at 1:30 pm!
Which is your childs favorite song of hers?
IK MY ICON IS PURE SEX!!!;
facebook is kindy of beter then twitter o im just kiding k lol
We are hosting all 56 MarineMax locations this week for the Proprietor's Club Manager's Meeting here at Lake of the Ozarks!
That's an honor.
On my way to Verizon Center for CapsRangers game.
Weird to be going to hockey when it's 80 degrees.
Well you know it's hard to recall things that were boring.
Kinda the point of being bored by them...
Is this something new for Chicago?
I figured it was like that every year.
Welcome to our Twitter page.
Be sure to hit the Follow button to stay plugged into our upcoming spring deals!
In 3 years of going back and forth to MI from WV, we've never hit much traffic.
Today?
Insane amounts.
So aggravating.
Good tip.
glance left
We got some great new edibles in over the weekend....good timing b/c it's 20 off all edibles all day Monday!
Hell yah!
I wud be soo pissed if some one hurt Vinny or one of them!
interviewing for a roommate with is a bizarre concept
i was watching it and im like whats the name of this movie cause theres no commercials u had the answer
My doctorams of a career at SeaWorld are over.
They dug into my past and found out about my crimes against a manatee.
We took a back road, we're gonna look at the stars, we took a back road in my car.
Dear You MUST retweet if not for the LOLs!!!
Zimmerman's brother shouldn't have come on TV...
unprepared dumb 
Sweet!
Let us know when you get that going and how the results turn out!
; cc:
doesnt shave, his beard grows to the perfect length and stops.
did you know if you say orange really slowly it sounds like your saying gullible?
Damn.
Best steak I ever had from BOA merrychristmas to me.
Thanks for a wild night.
Thanks, Dan!
How've you been??
I really want to go to the beach!
Anybody wanna take me to Florida?
I'll love you forever!
Trained quads tues an they are still screaming at me right now.
Sleigh Bells: gave me goosebumps right outta the gate!
ARealBoyfriend always puts her first
Welcome to WI!!!
Can't wait to see you don the Green and Gold!
Very excited to see what you will do!
GO PACK!!!
love the pick the highest klout score app!
it says you follow me !
Hey San Fran!
Come get some of our prints, tees, stationery and other goodies at today  tomorrow!!!
Anyone else playing Hanging With Friends?
Hit me up  greenestman
teamjacob...He's the better guy.
Let the melee begin!!
RT : Re Q4  Aleks, Knewton, LearnSmart and even GRE  SAT are all examples of adaptive products that are out there
Thanks so much!
boy it was like heaven in a nigga's mouth.
He gave me hope.
He made me believe.
He saved me.
And HE is Austin Mahone.
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business.
J.
Paul Getty
Amor est vitae essentia  Love is the essence of life
Republicans like hate gay people so much they have given up doing any of the people's business if it means gays get any rights.
Big congrats to for completing your undergrad degree!!
You'reAwesome
Many face insurance gaps new study by The Commonwealth Fund shows  and for the most part, people went without health insurance because t
Well are depositing your winnings?
Outside coffee run wearing my library staff badge: Little girl asks is that a picture of you?
Yes!
Then why are you wearing it?
dancersaurous....
is a dancing dinosaur..therfore I too, am a dancersaurous
Authenticity  saying and doing the things you ACTUALLY believe.
I barely understand most of what she's saying but it all sounds so nasty
It's my pleasure.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Your welcome,what do you do?
I'm tired of goin out smh
Thanks!!!!
Hey, will we see you at Taste if the Nation?
So there I was no crap, sleeping in my car...
had a crazy doctoram...
and started writing...
i wonder if this is how inspiration starts lol
Awwwh he misses me 
The Bible is trucked full of lifecoaches that are free; and you really don't need a lifecoach that isn't the holyghost
Yayt brother and his gf is here right now!!!
I want you to make me feel like I'm the only gay in the world.
Like I'm the only one you're gonna blow...
Wait..
That was dirty.
Lol
All of my email exchanges with my boss today have been done in sticky caps.
I will never have a better job.
Is debating.....
You really know how to put a smile on someone's face.
Time 2 pick up all of our broken pieces  let God make us Stronger,  Wiser with them.
We'll never be the same.
BeBlessed:
Awe okay, we shall go see it!
:
Im thinking location  privacy can go hand in hand.
Do I really want people to know where I am?
Might update foursquare as I leave
In Nova Scotia, a regional magazine went for something more permanent than a daylong event like bricksandmortar permanent
Founder  Former CEO of Travelocity.com will present The Business of Innovation  Roadmap11 on 5.19!
Register now: www.roadmap11.com!

great things ahead in Austin, tx for  will miss SF!
tabletalk is on the air now in for some savory convos
Wow.
That's so like something my dog would do.
Good luck.
naw, something else entirely.
hahaha, I wish I was there.
I would've busted out laughing.
Anyways what does Ms.
George look like?
But I hvent been on the computer.....
I'll try again right now 
real talk from real people is worth real listening...
wrong!
Owen hart is the best heels ever!
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
T10 minutes until appears!
My crappy week is about to turn around.
hey stranger
not possible...
their can be only one riehl deal!
theblackcrown.com updated right now check it out!!!
Second cig since I've been in bed.
I don't even smoke cigs
that is excellent news.
I was reading the manuscript this weekend and look forward to seeing it in print.
thanks for the invite.
don't get me started.
: good enough.
I was hella outta pocket last night to oomf but she always has something to say about my sexuality.
Nice to have met you IRL!
:
I'm pretty sure you got them beat over at Wally world
W Jake from airforce, Out on deck, east side.
Meet us out here?
I love grant too.
Seems like a lost cause...
Im hands like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad/so I make money like a ball player so my pockets look like thigh pads/Gucci Mane
IF you want to know what's going on financially, and well below the radar, check out www.zerohedge.com ....
absolutely fantastic stuff
But are there kumquats?
cc
To tumblr or not to tumblr is the question I'm so behind in technology
So.
A 270 sq ft jumping castle  16 ft water slide into a 9' kiddie pool isn't overboard for a 1st birthday party.
Right?
Forever72 I'm going to make a store called that and its going to sell Austin Mahone clothes and accessories!
:D
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing  Dale Carnegie
hah I would if I wasnt all comfy in my bed right now :p let's go soon though!
Are we all going out to kent tomorrow still?!
Just had a MelibeeU workshop w/ a GREAT group of folks interested in a career in int'l student advising.
Their future employers r LUCKY!
ooohh and nm listening to music:
The refs and Paul Martin are the death of the Pens
i need more followers!!
haha
I'm leaning toward Dinocalypse Now by or Throne of the Crescent Moon.
Hey kids!
Never ever try to run from a vampire while running on a treadmill.
He'll catch you.
I'm just saying...
The grand opening is on the 5th
Manee i felt likee a pimp while i was doin it ;
dude.
you'll be able to get right on carousel of progress and the land!
Ray Sr.
will call you today.
Thanks for following!
Embrace the clones.
We come in peace.
New Santigold and Nora Jones in the same day.
Fuck yes.
get back me.
I wanna know more about your situation

I'll bet you the Nuggets can keep JaVale McGee and do it at a reasonable price.
Any of my followers listen to Aidonia....RT
im following can you please give me a shoutout ?
3
I LOVE blueberry pancakes!
With whipped cream.
when are you leaving??
it went really well!
too bad you couldn't join us
From the window, to the wall, to the sweat doctorps down my balls, to all these bitches crawl.
Best 200th tweet ever.:
would like to do some work with you fan
Big thanks to for spending some time with the winter class.
Great opportunity for all of our teams!
Chicago Bears sign 2ndoctorund pick Alshon Jeffery
Safe to say you're in the minority.
Happy Bday, Coach!
RT : It's Da Coach's birthdayMike Ditka 71 today.
He's every bit as fiery as he was 25 years ago...
it says it couldn ot be found sorry sis
I remember when I used to tweet.
Those were good days.
Ringer's Kristoffer Polaha will be on The Talk this afternoon!
Don't forget, Ringer's SEASON FINALE is tomorrow at 9 on CW20!
Thank you for the FF!!!
Crazy at what's cool now
BrassAHolic Wednesdays in effect tonight 12 Bar!
see you at the 12!
We have her on about twice a year and I swear that's what she sounds like.
I'm going to have to find a clip
imagine what?
hahahh i'm lost :p
Watching some Tom and Jerry....
Those fellas crack me up lol lol
You can wait on the sidelines while others pass you by or you can take advantage of the incredible new opportunities in front of you.
Only if that image was not radically marred by our first parents' sin.
Today is going to be a high of 54F with winds and chances of snow.
haha well get our asses to the beach...
But not in the ice cold water
you're welcome, hey I didn't send you a DM right??
Saying something about a blog about you?
Community Calendar
yeah me 2 she doesn't fit in any other group
Whenever U hear it, I except a cutaway shot of the audience, all being manikins.
No, thank you for this moment.
Happy Good Friday and Happy Easter to all of our fans!
I can not get over all of the trash on TV.
Why do I pay for this again??
chicultural2012 Attendees are currently voting on top three issues derived from Town Halls.
Occupy Pauls Club Rally up and running.
Myself and headling, DJ has declined to appear.
RT I don't know whether to cry or get really angry.
We get CrAnGry at our football team, it's very effective.
Not nearly as loopy as I'd like.
maybe later
My mind completely blown.
I just wanna go home.
there's more important places I could be right now
Oh no!
Whats going on?
Hopefully you still got to enjoy your soup!
Suh cant catch a break.
Oh sorry..
Nvm
I will sometimes order a pizza under Torchwood.
Mom has lost it.
She made us chase down a man to get his license plate number because she accused him of stealing gravel.
One shovel full!
The Celtics served us in the series but playoff Wade is a whole different Wade
I'm actually in the Boondocks, BK
it's just now morning here!
Good morning!
:
Support your local newspapers!
ha!
Right on...
BUZZ, Indigo Tree Publishing's first novel.
is now available in Chinese in ebook, even as Apple begins to expand its stores in China.
I jus wanna re R.I.P.
Whitney Houston from the goofs to the real my heart misses you every day
You could say to the officer, I thought the M stood for Me.
It does, right?
And you have a U on yours for You.
Even though you might not tell me how you feel I know how you feel without words
CHILLIN BY THE FIRE WHILE WE EATIN FONDUE.
FF Follow some of these peeps my tweeps!!
True thats why u gotta make em lov u when u perform so they will wanna buy ur music, they will feel as tho u deserve it
haha i got some up from marthas phone
my point exactly, ad if you call in she can't do anything
yes cause to much seems like its not real.
We like them daily like  you look nice or you smell pretty little things
I wish the average American sports fan could comprehend what is doing at Fulham this year.
mygirlrmx why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez wen she kiss me...
Just ran 10 miles I'm taking on your challenge!!!
Lol loose 30 pounds smh road to redemption lol
Enjoy it while it lasts Athletics fans.
Inge probably won't get you another basehit for a couple more weeks the way he hits.
Mostly Canadians, 0 from Ontario.
Strange but he is talking about it like it's the JFK assassination.
need your order number send in a message you don't want your info out there
wow; this has been a wonderful day :  now it's time to sleep!
tweet U'll tommorrow :
So today has been the only cheat day this week, ah?
Ha.
Love ya.
amazing concert.
Michael Grubbs is an amazing talent thanks for doing what you do :
Watching my first Telegu movie.
I've also seen one Tamil movie, and a whole bunch of Hindi movies.
going to shower quick
im confused is the chat today or tomorrow?
Yesterday you said it was today and now its tomorrow?
The kids across the street challenged me to a water fight, so I'm currently boiling the water
praise the Lord that Tomorrow is a white day.
Emotionally: I'm done Mentally: I'm doctorined Spiritually: I'm dead Physically: I smile.
I am trapped in this fucking hell hole
that's so great!
Let us know how it goes so we can do a follow up!
If you have a way to take Video..
Post a sunrise shoutout too!
Honestly all I can really say is....
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA DUMB ASS BITCH!
2011ASA Great discussion with colleagues including PAGE Fellow about research on publicly engaged scholars organized by
I think that's 's blog :

Thanks for the follow!
Goodmorning Twitter!!
Its nice to see you :
the worst is like when you take a picture and it's a really good picture.
And then bam.
Ruined.
My home office looks like a bomb exploded.
Papers everywhere.
Books stacked on stacks.
Cards taped on wall.
Good news: Things getting done.
Miami all year round!!!!
Asian Ckn  Shrimp salad from Cheddar's.
M
I know!
I love it!!
It is a bit pricier than the other deal sites, but it seems much more curated.
And the vintage finds?
Sigh
We're thinking about Earth Day and have some really fun posts planned for you over the next few days.
Make sure to tune in!
Anyone tryna sip early
Has anyone had interaction with and would like to share.
It appears to be a knockoff, but more focused.
Sir, baseball fans protest!
We are overlooked an ignored.
You have hardly acknowledged us.
Please keep baseball in Portland!
you make my doctorams come true:...
WeWontWorkOutIf you're not openminded and are disrespectful to other peoples views and beliefs
Thank you!
Did you have some time to watch any shows?
Don't like going to school wish i was homeschool
Wow!
The space shuttle flew RIGHT OVER my house.
haha I knew I followed u for more than being a sneakerhead!
Haha
Thanks Gentry!
yes where are you
I got the cutlass!!!
still watching Netflix...meaning no.
On the bright side, i'm almost caught up on a couple shows.
what's the O/U on how many total entrants the new 1500 re entry tournament gets?
I know!
And he's got that doeeyed/beautifulskinned hobbit thing going on in this, too.
LotR jokes are inevitable.
Put fraud alerts on all of your accounts.
Then check those alerts to make sure they haven't expired.
Wow!
Shocked, not guilty!
I see book deals, TV reality shows in the frickin future for Casey Anthony, sad to say:
Left in the library at 1 last night only to find him still there at 9:30 this morning.
happy holidays to you and family as well!
Karaoke tonight at the Newsroom and at Three lions pub.one more week until Murphys starts up again.
Evaluating syllabi for my collegelevel instruction course...
the amount of thought that goes into these things is pretty huge sometimes
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
define good.
chromed bird works.

like you do .
You don't shit bout my girl or my boo .
So idgaf , attitude is ugly
DEDICATION can be found on any 5th graders spelling test, but can be difficult for even adults to put into practice.
Someone very talented just answered my email from an iPad while sitting on a ski lift.
She signed off with, Time to jump off now.
You bet!
RT : We'll just enforce relationships through the application tier; let the database do what it's good at: storing...
Banana bread, Bach cello suites, and a good cup of tea make thesis work so much better.
Oh, it also helps that my apt has ac.
Need to get my head away from a computer and into a sketchbook.
I agree!!
I think it's sad that she even had to make a statement about it.
It's none of the public's business.
People ask me, Why are all the media channels not covering all the candidates?
and the answer is simple.
No Cah, no coverage.
Cash Cash.
: You are so welcome!
Talk about a fall.
Go from Sixth man of the tear to parting ways You still have the khloeandlamar TV show.
That's strange that it bounced back.
I'm sending you an email now.
This means stop using time invested and history as reasons to continue a relationship.
If there is no professort in the future or...
Preparing press releases..workin' my grind.
Blessings to you guys...stay lifted.
Text me when you arrive!
Got out of work early to pamper my car.
New battery, oil change and even a bath.
I bet I see this Yaris purr after I get her back.
hope u quit soon lol
that's so much work:
no, gotta hang in there.
friend on Facebook just posted a video of their 2yr old climbing stairs.
actually watched it, rooted for stairs to win the battle.
wrong?
what the hell ...
just like old times you still tweeting after saying bye
PSC Chair notes this is a plan 4 people.
'We got a lot right here, but we should cont.
2 look  how plan affects ppl, not just places.'
RT : For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it.
For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it  Ivan Panin
Lol Jk.
The more bitches, the better
Okay, so you saw it on somebody else and thought it was okay for you to wear it too huh???
I'm just gonna keep it real, I DON'T SEE IT!
you jus need to go wit jasmine.
The rabbit in Monty Python and the Holy Grail certainly meets the horrifying criterion...
going to watch a boat show in Miami Downtown maybe and u ?
:
You guys were perfect!
I like Celtics phillies Packers and I watch some tennis.
I like Djokovic
If we get out of this inning, I will applaud Matt for hitting that punk ass
my heart is pounding.
ridiculous.
Great idea 787: All Caucasian airlines.
The name?
White Flight.
Good thing we're friends 'cause being GCOM right now does not sound fun.
Good luck on finals!
Thanks for the RTs, y'all.
Monday is up and running with a workout, a ride, and Energize.
Accelerate.
Perform!
Good!
About ready to start recording!
You?
Congrats to CJ McCollum and Lehigh.
I bet big brother Eric is proud
Internet service is so sloww..
ughh 
YEAH THIS IS HANNAH AND LENNA IS ON MY ACCOUNT DONT BE CONFUSED OK :
its ok but thanks
please follow me :
I'm feelin like U fucks wit me I fucks wit u.
Let's make a classic together!
Eating my last Clif Bar today; I will no longer support a company that refuses to source their cacao, which sounds guilty to me.
What's your favorite genre of music?
Tea Pot Lounge is featuring in a Music Video.
So Excited!
Its race day in the U.S.A!!!
Hungry and horny.
Blah.
too early to say goodnight
Dang so many BDay partys
It's a Blueprint morning for me.
spiderman has a twitter account...
really???
the best winless intramural softball team in the country is back in action tonight on burdick field.
Thanks Cristina!
x
but yea I like greys anatomy too.
I get hooked on shows when I meet a lot of the cast members.I met many Heroes and 4 from GA
I'm tweetin the fuck out of this bitch.
Put me in twitte jail.
Bitch I dare you
Everybody wanna be a nigga but no one wanna be a niggaPaul Mooney
We watched the new episode of that just aired on Jan 6th.
Love it.
Hope to see you sometime in 2012.
I'm not, you said that in Lugo's class today
We hope everyone had a great Sunday!
If you follow football, were you watching today?
I stop my microwave at 0:01 to feel like I'm a Bomb Defuser.
30 days from now I'll turn 26!
Damn
TX OU WEEKEND!!!!
I WANT CUDDLES DAMNIT!
Hometown, I hope they get you on more often
Appreciate it Adam!
is sending you a message.
Hopefully you are enjoying
Another week, another thank you for the FF!
LET'S TAKE THIS OUTSIDE!
aww u so cute and u 2 look alike thts a good thing and shee is adorable I LOVE YOU!!
I want fairness, a level playing field.
Unions are corporations also.
Looking hard enough!!
it's amazing what people think is up for discussion.
it's like walking into your home uninvited.
I want all the allergens to join together, pool their money and buy me new eye makeup.
night night...twetter
Hey doll!
Sorry haven't been on been so busy with school How are you??
Crazy how our worlds collide!
A woman named Dani asked for a few of my pieces to hang there.
There is also going to be a show!
THX BBE XX: If this really is nicki i love you and miss you if not dick in yo face yeah yeah.
4DAYS Till BOYFRIEND !!!
I Can't Wait!!: Follow Me?:
Typing papers all day.
Not looking forward to it
Oh it's awesone, they deserve your scorn.
I'm just shifting into Royals nationalism for two days.
COUNT THE RINGZ
Grab ya jackets hahaha!
Happy Monday..
:
i need me a glass of milk.
Can Yuh Give Me A Shoutout Please!
I Wanna Get To Atleast 1000 Followers: Can Yuh Help Me Please!:
Leaving tomorrow for Georgia :
It's all good Bradhr.
Awkwardly walking around the mall while luci talks to her boss about giving me a job...
Still working on this stupid government paper!!!
Wtf!?
The AIG Bonuses: The PR Perfect Storm www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
The only limits on our achievement are the ones we put on it.
Missouri sponsor liaison testifying on MO sponsors working to set standards and best practices as a group.
Sure.
What an interesting look!
The new Dark Knight Rising Trailer is said to be contected with either The Avengers or Dark Shadows.
If i was wb i would pick The Averngers
bitch please , thay watched the sex videos and they blamed it .
What a poor
: Former players like Merril Hoge are so disappointing when they stoop this level.
stayclassy missed it.
what was said?
.
Imagine 737s  A320s painted to look like cardboard boxes, with a black AMAZON  swoosh as livery,  barcodes on the tails...
Someone should make quilts based off old No Limit CD covers.
We wish everyone a healthy and safe weekend!
if you get the chance come burn some calories with us here at the studio.
Shit.
Everyone is trying to get ahold of me at the same time and I don't have the time to do anything but this damned site.
Sorry everyone!
I guess I should prolly go study now
Have you seen the movie Ghost World?
Our gallery has.
It loved it.
RT now if you love Habitat  you're excited for the 1st Build Day of the year!!!!!!!.
Fear Factor is BACK!!!
December 12th!!!
isthisreallife???!
This girl keep taalking shit Bitch better STFU she don't know who she messing with
I did also...
kinda a lot.
belly growling tho...:/
: My Sims have more success in life than me.
FirstWorldProblems omg DEEEAAATTTHHH!
yeah, I generally avoid being doctorver if I can.
Just sucks to have to stay after taking bad beats.
Just ready to go home lol.
Dimly lit, romantic, cocktails, dinner .
.
.
and reservations still available!
Call 4142209411 to make your reservation for tonight!
I missed this show
I have been waiting all quarter for this tweet.
I have class with Ted Nelson today!!
Hopefully he will sign my copy of Possiplex :
what would you say is the hottest trend for mens fashion at the moment for fall?
I would love to just fall asleep at the beach on the sand right now.
if you cant say something nice...just tweet it anyway
Shout out to my niggas that was there in the beginning.
They were there when i was strugglin, they'll be with ne when I'm winning!!
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants?
Because I can see myself in them.
NP ASAP Rocky Bass as I get ready for work this morning.
How can I control my life when I can't control my hair?
Author Unknown
I'm awake too and about to attempt to go to sleep but surprisingly I am not tired!
Ugh!!
Love u and miss u!
That awkward moment when the kid you're babysitting acts like a bear and no one gets your Chuck Testa joke.
Happy new year to all of our Ambassadors and prospys!
We hope last year was a good one and 2011 an even better year!
Feliz ano nuevo!
I'm cleaning up and I'm moving on, going straight and choosing life.
I'm looking forward to it already
So yeah ; I am so TOTALLY gonna go to Austin's concert in LA !
I don't know how , but I certainly am going ;
The amount of tension in this building can be cut with a knife
In my novel, my character Thibodeaux says he doesn't eat when he's hungry.
He eats so he doesn't get hungry :
Great!
Lots of cuts, bruises, a few thousand volts of electricity trip through ice water :
YAy!
reunited with my best friend tonight !
i cant wait !
We're toasting to that!
RT : If you're bored, make shit happen.
Need I say more?
just read up on !
AMAZING business idea, lucky you!
congrats!
I'm referring all my guy friends asap!
Pet Peeve: People who freak out when one can't handle being alone at a given moment.
Key to digital ticket delivery is delivery.
Good for Brewers, but the technology can get bogged down at a venue.
I've seen it.
Hahaha.
For a second I forgot.
; You think that I'd know already from living in DC.
Jealousy's the ugliest trait.
Absolutely.He hit Tulo in back.Usually no prob.It was his actions afterwards that resulted in suspension,unless MLBs gone soft.
Is this how its suppose too be, I'm saying though I'm enjoying life...
A stoner moment
Which tour are you going too?
Really happy to see Heat DESTROY the knicks.
Rose out with the torn acl means heat probably repeat final appearance.
I'm gonna start doctorssing up like an elderly person so I can be assured a seat on the bus.
summer jam tickets ?
I need some !
FOLLOW ME PLEASE : I 3 YOU
Im definitely hitting up the gym today
Blowjob or leave me  great song name from our friends at WBTD
Craving something sweet 
on those inbounds you don't have to stand completely still, just can't take a step or two, can reposition your feet
the contact play is enough reason for me to fire Tracy.
Has it ever worked for them?
I've got news for you: I would thoroughly enjoy a nice steamy 88 degree day.
A Nate hug is similar to a bear hug, minus the teeth and claws.
People throw rocks at things that shine...
long time no chat Todd, hows everything going?
thank you for the RT : 
this is ridiculous
We are going to see Godspeed!!!
I couldn't of supplied a homeless shelter with what he spend on my pound but in stead I got my Lil girl a power wheel and blew a ounce
Philly Aganist The World
Watching the jonas brothers movie...
Oh how much I miss themm :
girl!
that's classic!
get your giggle on!
Easy day!!
Easy money!
great music conference in Kansas City w/ those to whom Im proud to be called a peer.
Major mutual encouragement  inspiration.
This Has Been The Craziest NFL Offseason Ive Ever Witnessed!!!!
nice!
Played with one earlier this week checkout BMD 2012 Catalogue before leavin Oxy today?
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.75
Do you know about how much longer?
I've been waiting up for this but if it will be a lot longer I'll check back tomorrow.
No, that's my real name...
I wish it wasn't.
It creates all sorts of privacy nightmares which I wish I'd taken into account.
F THIS COME ON CHELSEA
Ride The Citi Boi Party Bus To COLORADO SOLO MUSIC ARTIST AWARDS MAY 16, Roundtrip for info 7203418727
476 BITCH.
It's gonna happen.
Coming from a ketchup lover: Today I learned sweet potato fries taste better with honey mustard doctorssing than ketchup.
Yum!
Here is a funny fact about Miami ..
Did you know Miami Beach has a large snow skiing club ??
I just noticed u take some beautiful pics.
I may hv to book u to do a shoot in my clothing line.
Check it out when u hv time.
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 2
Just caught a their/there spelling error.
Whew.
That's one of the most embarrassing.
I miss , it should take a road trip down to Baltimore.
there is no answer.
It's clearly a koan.
Relationships contains ship for a reason because although you may think your relationship is strong.
It still can have the tendency to sink.
Hahaha!
I'm sure they are honored to have such a dedicated fan.
WSC Dupont is ready for you to join their family!
Also, Saturday is a bit rough for a tutorial, someone would have to miss half the conf.
to attend.
I'm hyping myself way too much for summer.
it's great!
I really love it.
All the people I work with are awesome and I'm doing something I enjoy!
Happy New Year!!!!!
Get down and freaky, ya'll.
It's Fridaythe13th!
Long day of our Bldg Leadership Team mtg to work on out School Improvement Plan to align with the Districts Plan!
OHMYGOD NEITHER DID I AM TOO EXCITED!
Haha!
Think I'll leave the comedy to you man.
But tell ya this: if you write it, I'll perform it ;
Today's the Nonae Apriles, or the Nones of April, in the calendar of the ancient Romans.
Why is it always so damn hot in my room?!
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Modonna..
Reminds me of
Good idea or bad idea: Arm myself with a Super Soaker and squirt ice water in the face of anyone who barges into my bedoctorom w/o knocking.
I'm still not over the name LoL
Handle check.
RT Amber Rose dishes on wedding plans with Wiz Khalifa!
Thanks to everyone who entered to win MIB3 goodies  a DD card from AgentDLV.
We'll be announcing the 4 winners very soon!
Happy bday bro!
The new album What Kind of World is fantastic.
On The Fence was one of the first songs I ever learned on guitar.
My mother's boyfriend is just a useless douchebag.
on this CharityTuesday we're grateful for the wonderful resources you provideonline and offthat help us fulfill our mission!
It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before
The only purpose in life is to decide how you want to think, feel, and act in each moment...your choices create doctorams or reactionsdecide!
Thanks for the FF love......have a fantastic weekend!
yeah okay what ever u say doctorPhil
I can't stop smiling!: everything is jusst so great:
OK that's enough for now I think.
Maybe finish reading GREENMANTLE and take a nap, gotta work tomorrow night.
Or there's Bill Burr's podcast
The Easter Egg Hunt after Church!
ohh awesomecan't wait to go!
Entire day of vocal rest.
No talking.
No singing.
Still can't talk.
Finally willing to admit.
I'm sick :
I strongly dislike liars.
Words cannot express the joy I feel when looking at this week's work calendar and seeing nothing but free time to get stuff DONE.
Finally.
You are right on both accounts!
No...
I'm not but someone else is...
thanks for the RTs
Hey guys  thanks for the follow
Sitting in a green room that is actually green.
not as excited for prom as I was dude.
Apples  peanut butter nomnomnom
I have been trying to learn to write Java code from CodeYearAcademy.
It is not going so well.
They use punctuation differently.
Put your recovery first, everything else in your life will be first class.
As much as I love the Spurs, ZBO is about to crawl out of his cave from a 2day hibernation sleep.
ZBO!!!!!!
Stage Presence of Stage Attire?
congrats on making the allstar team.
I don't care what anyone says  Men totally pms..
Or maybe they're just moody with no good excuse :
My girl gone get mad cause I said she from Waldorf
walk starts !
Balboa Park 6th  Laurel!
Registration starts !
Agree.
Crazy to think about how small our military PAO universe is.
It's a great thing though.
thx for sharing the Legal Watercooler link.
Firefighters respond to a Sun Prairie house fire this morning that started in the fireplace mantel.
No one injured.
Est.
damage 90,000.
They always protest high buzz funerals.
They're objective is to shock us with nasty signs reminding us that we are all hellbound.
A group skype call please
SOLD  and I just emailed Anita about a meet up.
Maybe I'll have my act together enough to see the film before then!
LMAO Damn Jim!!!
that's hilarious and Marty is with me on my professorle pic..
Can you think of anything Portland would want, outside of CP3?
come visit Mariners on the Hudson when your home :
Going for a dip this morning.
I don't care who calls.
Need it!
RT : Likes the term code of conductmore powerful and perhaps descriptive than social media policy for orgs.
You on the charts but I'm off the meter
you would have made an excellent dairy princess, but I'm glad the edupolicy world wooed you.
i'm impressed.
u found more people to stalk
I didn't know you were a Giants fan....Big Blue!
yes?
Live in the NOW and stop waiting for something better to come in the future.
What do you have in your life, right now, to be thankful for?
Where are you guys playing this weekend?
It was all him: Mustache, bandana and biceps...
: I know you spoiled her!!!
Sitting next to your friend and texting them.
:
That's why I like redeyes.
You sleep, you wake up a zombie, but it's hard to get bored...
The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel.
Overthehumpday!!
Looking forward to my sons bday this weekend, also kinda sad, cause he is growing up.
But he will always b my baby!!
lol heather heather heather.
I'm practicing my net cutting technique
Don't let this face fool you, I don't really care.
that was the james bond movie right?
The advantage is you don't spend all your time rebuilding years of protocol work for federated social stuff.
Let's Get it BEARS
So they say you have to publish: start with a strong poster presentation with your research!
Definitely good rookie advice.
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
OMG OMG I CAN FOLLOW PEOPLE AGAIN!!!!!
: XOX
At bank and mo money mo problems plays on the radio.
Bears 2 Pick Alshon Jeffery  Steal!!
Great pick who will be instant deep threat for Jay Cutler big arm.
Love it!
I would love you too
On Jan 1, I put 1 of my future SAG dues in a Piggy Bank.
Today, I signed a contract for my 1st SAG job for my role in feature, VAMPERIFICA!
He's 5'11.
I met him last summer and he's tall.
Not feeling good, but watching hbo monster ball and baking cookies.
lady gaga songs always makes me feel better :
that just shows the heat ain't nothin without there stars
Really liked the Chevy sonic ads.
100 real stunts.
Still don't get 'Chevy runs deep' though
not centipede though.....LOL
yea I know man it's awesome!
What big projects you talking About and you gettin to fly for free?
word up :d i can dig it.
Really like these.
No video, haven't even heard them yet.
But our own Battle coming up.
I love country music, but I could also spend all day listing too stuff like doctorke, OFWGKTA, and stuff that's on the radio
Whoa, I just realized that you can add price tags to things on Pinterest!
Why does it wear pants???
Lol
that would have been glorious as well.
Not gonna lie, I did karaoke a couple weeks ago to salt n peppa.
whatevs.
That one may smile and smile and be a Villain!
Miley cyrus hates twillight.....I think I just became a miley fan!
are you missing your ID at CVG?
They would like for you to claim it
yes!!!
We here when you walk!!?
I believe qik for the iphone was just updated to remove the wifi only restriction.
ReconciliationLaw  Process that is overseen with periodic meetings between the client and RL attorney or mediator.
I need to get a rush card
I'm not lying.
Everyone is worth something!
:
i know this negro see my name pop up on his phone 
Life's battles don't always go to the faster, stronger man.
The man who wins is the man who thinks he can.
Turning in my speech and going to big shrimps class next!
Now I'm speechless, over the edge, and just breathless.
Hopeless, head over heels in the moment.
Wiz i think you should get some loud from the D it will take you on a flight lmao forreal
So you're saying it's okay to call someone a goat fucker?
Wow.
That's easy.
It's a small world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small small world
We're excited to welcome Fulbright Scholars to the US tonight at our hospitality dinner!
Can't wait to meet you at Calle's Cucina tonight!
Bono Every time I clap my hands, a child in Africa dies.
An audience member screams out Well then stop clapping your bloody hands!
That's awesome!
Flandiddlyanders has a diverse fan base for sure.
Cheers!
May be your phone.
It's a small red button under the photo on the right.
Thx for alerting me.
Give 100.
110 is impossible, only idiots recommend that.
I had it too...
Texas Storms3
it is great to connect with you.
We need to catch up as it has been too long.
:
hey bitch
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality unless it is a desireable one.
Aw, that would be awesome!
Eric is one of my favorite characters.
I like Charles, too.
thumbs up!!!!
yes we can do window cling.
To kick off my spring break, my FridayReads are A CLASH OF KINGS by and THE MAP OF TIME by Felix J.
Palma.
So far so good!
Follow your instincts.
That's where true wisdom manifests itself.
Oprah
I know tofu is bad, but its my favorite cooked vegan dish mapotofu so fucking delicious
My neighbor is mowing his lawn when its raining out.
Come on man use your head!
what did you concoct??
Crisann guess what
Messaged u lol !!
Amanda got to sing for the Red Wings again today!!
Wings won!!
Woop Woop!!!!
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves
Sitting by a fire and watching a movie with my family.
Doesn't get much better than this 
Finally back on the work out program.
Hahahahahahha the roundup song
Call or email us today to set up your appointment or initial consultation!
Studio5443716 or email
mobilityshifts Palfrey on elements of Digital Public Library: code, metadata, content, services, community.
The errors of the great mind exceed in number those of the less vigorous one.
William Stanley Jevons
is Yehya Mehmit Gurgil in THE POLITICS OF CONFLICT next week  will the lead in SACRIFICES an upcoming Pilot filming the following week.
So incredibly sad to see all of the wonderfully talented people we lost this past year, some much too early.
Are you following my roadtrip through the Midwest and Northeast on Instagram?
you should just let the pugs clean the bowls
I don't have any idea what you're talking about!
blink blink ;
we arent really sure but we think she dislocated her knee.
She's getting surgery tonight or tomorrow, not many details yet
R.I.P.
Taco Bell Chihuahua
They just finished installing my work phone into my new office space  I only moved into it 10 days ago.
How to Use Twitter for Business: A Beginner's Guide
no problem.
I'll probably work the idea into that contemporary fantasy story I've already started
FF EVERYONE WHO SEE'S THIS FOLLOW FOLLOWS back3
im not dumb u knoe  lol ok time to b honest I know wut school u go2  the addoctorss of it  ur bday  ya real name ...
You're really pretty.
:3 not trying to be weird or anything lol.
So.....
Somf should txt me
Getting ready to leave for Georgia tomorrow !
Me and the rest of bad horse are getting ready to play the Super Bowl
I'm bandwagoning the blues hard
What the heck Harness?
or is it just good editing?
So stoked for today
Thanks for the retweet!
Ganoderma  used safely for 4,000 years with no known side effects.Tasty beverages with Ganoderma are at www.doctorlackston.organogold.com
Playing 's Unplugged in the Park at atlanta Sunday night at 8pm with
GUYS BAILEY FOLLOWED ME DKDNSIDJKWNJFJAKDJSKBFISNJGH
I counted it out, like 15 days.
Snuggle session hardcore
Fight the heat with cold, hard cash...learn about our 1000 bonus offer  our info session, Holler Park Lodge, 6:308 p.m.
tomorrow, July 19
MICA Career Fair today 14PM in Brown Center!
Special thanks to the 30 alumni participating in this year's event!
after 13 hours of sleep last night i thought work today wouldnt suck...
wrong.
Hey at least Landoctor Jones is trending!!!
Finally Hunger Games !
Better late than never ;
sweet ghost hunters is on all day :
getting so many beta invite requests for mycincylife from people i dont even know then i am from my own friends and family hahha
Hey , saw you were just in Dallas.
Holler if you are ever in Austin.
The local brewing scene is booming!
Would love to meet.
omg, this game.
nothing.
i have nothing against hispanics.
you're an idiot.
Really?
Renee Fleming will be at CMU for commencement and I won't be here!?
Thanks.Those were the days!
My mom made monkey bread for breakfast.
Today is gonna be a good day.
Instant classic!
RT : I'm a part of this NBA party too!
Are you a CCorp or SCorp?
We are watching our team go from being 1 in the west to out of the playoffs.
This is sickening.
Give us a positive anecdote.
I bet Sarah Palin is sweating blood now that Levi is on the Blist talk show circuit.
what the heck why?!?
it's a sedan!
Dear bob sanders, cool how you suddenly become healthy and play for chargers.
Love, bitter Betty
The girl at starbucks was straight up flirting with me , tell me why I got all nervous ?
Lol Time for my Final :
lol..
Taylor your mom is snooki.
GoTribe I wonder what it would take for the Indians to give up Matt Laporta
Love this quote!
RT : Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Thomas Edison
RITBrickCity Today is the last day to register online for homecomng events.
Website shuts down at midnight!
Whelp?
The three's have happened again...Michael Jackson, Farah Fawcett  Ed Mcmahon.
To all my conservative friends...Dont forget to vote tomorrow!!!!
theadjustmentpeople Run with us or run from us.
Less than total failure with my Javascript experiments!!!
This is progress!
Those are both some good ass bands!
We only have two people on the ballot.
Other candidates didn't get enough signatures.
Short answer: No.
Bumper sticker idea: I Rock Obama.
Ft.
Laud, Hollywood, Boca, some parts of dade
little after 8.
Can't sleep.
knicks are back..
Got to get dowstairs to watch basketball..
It feels like christmas morning
Keep moving it up and coming to the net gasquet.
Great hands!
And better backhand.
Well...
What do ya say lamb chop?
RT : whatya say we get together and paint each other up?
Six feet under 3
Your Twitter account is DMing spam.
Change your password.
Man bet 1,000 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas that the first score of the game would be a Giants safety, he won 50,000.00 Cha ching
Was about to tell you to discount that batch....too mushy!
I'll send you a recipe w/ notes!
:
k ; follow me
The last three strokes are critical
When no ones there for you, your on your own.
The terrists like us the least!
Farley's is in New Hope, a small town north east of Philadelphia
There is just something not right about Joe Theisman saying his prostate gives him grief..
I hadnt heard or seen the name Whitney Houston in maybe 3 years min, now every article is about her.
Should have went out
The diffrence is we have a choice to not be bought!
Anyone voting for MITT is condemning the USA
Such gorgeous weather here in Monaco!
Wish I could stay longer
When will you come to Chicago, IL so I can show you around?
I love your show and would love to hang out sometime :
They have to restructure your deal into the cheerleaders budjet so you going to have to be making up a lot
First choreography rehearsal for The Rapture today..
Get ready, it's gonna slaughter!
...who's gonna win in OT tonight?
I say OKC finishes it up and gets out of town with the W.
let me know how your inquiry went about coming to Station North.
Lol shit.
My phone doesn't like telling me that twitter did anything.
Hit me up today bruhhhhhhh
After reading some of these comments, I will most definitely keep some of you in my prayers.
just a taught people buy life insurance to leave their love one money if they die.
That might not be good your love one can go to jail
oh k.
Well sorry for your lose.
Now i need two carpenters
Guys, do you want your girl like you?
No?
Then stop complaining on how long it takes us to get ready!!
I always fear that creation will expire before Tea time.
Sydney Smith
He was the Charlie Sheen of College Football and I don't feel sorry for him.
Mother's Day Is Near Shop Diamonds  Pearls Couture
Too tired to sleep
ted2012 Team work is still important, but the more freedom introverts are given to develop ideas the more productive they can b
Wisconsin Transportation Department puts brakes on Bob Uecker Way sign request.
Is nothing sacred?
Come on people, it is for 1 day...
Free at last, free at last : Source: Dodgers sale has closed.
McCourt era has ended.
Hi, Steven!
We did see that and love the idea.
We'd love to hear your ideas!
I swear Josh is perfect in every way possible 3
I'm freezing the vent right over my bed
there is literally no way to win against these people.
Dont waste yr breath.
Fuck it Dude, let's go bowling
I stopped watching Breaking Bad in the second episode when the tub fell through the floor.
maybe you're closer to Las Lunas get that car clean at 3516 Main St
I like the app
Good Morning, America!
thanks for the follow, friend!
In bed all day catching up on
my younger sister is happy about a B in health and my older sister is upset about a B in economics.
the difference between dumb and
Can we count on your following us
My breathing is slowed, my pulse stopped today.
If you still have feelings for him, maybe I should turn away.
There is no coming back from a scorpion face tattoo
mistera11 great group discussion on how organizations are stepping into social media.
Lots of smart, thoughtful rec and parks leaders
I didnt knw everyone was goin on twitter now.
Im try and see what this is all about.
Yall is welcomed to share.
7p, I look forward to seeing u!
got u
I'm so anticlimactic.
Swimsuit or do you need a fun bathing suit idea?
IHaveAnIdea!
that is explosive.
Peops will want your bathing suits.
1612
WOAAHHH its been a while
WTF My last paycheck from staples is WRONG.
They owe me 4 hours!
Working on more business cards
Watching WWE RAW love it : can't wait for wrestlemania
Lots of great stuff  you won't walk away empty handed!
Lots of kitchenware, home decor, linens, SO MUCH STUFF!
watched footloose this weekend.
disapointed by another film portrayal of a mean
Can't wait!
:D : 8 pm weeknights, later this spring
Everyone's in love.
25 of people on food stamps,40 of people on Medicare,43 of people on unemployment don't believe they are using a socialist, Govt program
: Everything cookie is best cookie ever...
: : They are never on time!
blackies.
Haha
Big white man also shut him down last year
Good cheer to all on Christmas Day.
maybe they were added to another target?
I've accidentally added stuff to my tests target a few times.
Thanks for the follow!
and FF back atcha!
How does that polar bear open that bottle of Coke???
It's been a long couple of weeks!
Thanks buddy.
Now it's time for some golf!
RT : have a safe flight bro
no problem :
FB sucks the duck
We suffer because we have forgotten who we are, and how beautiful we are
MT : .
rocked TED, showed how apps can revolutionize hydoctornt clearing, dead possum removal  fix municipal govts // Yay.
how old?
Not a phase I look forward to.
When u like them n they dont like u recipe for disaster
Happy Friday!
DealShow starts in 3 hours, get excited to get yourself a new present for the holiday weekend!
Anyone I know want to be a dancer in 's latest cinematic masterpiece tomorrow morning in NYC?
A wise person is hungry for truth, while the fool feeds on trash.
Proverbs 15:14
it's been a long time since we have seen ITLCA play and now i hear rhumors that they are going to break out SDD at the Mutiny on the 3rd!
It's Friday so we better be seeing you  Buckhorn Liqours.
BECAUSE WE HAVE THE UTERUSESES.
THAT'S WHY.
please follow bckkk
Picked up a Rose City red kit for tonight's match at the Adidas store.
No female kits at all.
Does Borg work at or something?
:
RT Mesohot2 If you need money, I get it,just ask.
When you start taking it out of my bag..
count me out
Let's hope the Coyotes wake up for the 3rd period.
Get rested and get going Coyotes!
Going to see with the best friends in July!
So stoked :DD
thanks for the mention!
hahaha ikr all my little witty comments during the shows haha
If you write 500 poems, you might have 50  you could be a poet.
USpoetlaureate Phil Levine

Our love is like the wind...
I can't see it, but I sure can feel it Landon Carter 3
anchor bar or Tim hortons!!
I think of all the podcasts I listen to I laugh at yours the most.
3
We're a little bit of everything.
Know a little bit of everything.
We trust a little, but we fall hard in love.
As we reflect on this AMaZing institution AngelaDavis said in speaking of the NURFC!!!!
At Camino Nuevo!!
Gonna Make The Best Of It!
:D
Thinking about the bravery it takes to believe your idea is innovative enough to succeed.
And hoping that I can handle it even if it fails.
The voices in my head need to learn english already
It's me, Jamie...
I'm the one looking for a good dinner dive.
Just accidentally tweeted from ICA acct.
Any ideas?
zooming their way to sunny PDX for a big show in the lounge starting at 9pm.
The stores and malls will be crazy on Black Friday!
Start your holiday shopping tomorrow at the Westown Indoor Market!
Hopefully will get another yellow so can bunch up and get past Power, looks like Dixon will have to stop again.
rip hotdog shirt and accessory
Finally unlocked all the levels on Zombie Highway.
God this account is taking a swan dive.
RT : the funny thing about my easter basket is it's located on your cock
Don't I feel silly!
Thanks for educating me :
It's a cute hair cut and all, it just doesn't go well with me.
It's actually making me super sad haha
I'm to blessed
Workaholics time
FF!
RT : Cough Twitter friends Cough  someone is now 19 away from 1,000 followers !
Can we pass the magic mark today?!
The Easter egg hunt seems to be harder.
The design of the eggs is very cool imo.
We are using multiple channels to reach San Diegans, including a street team that is bringing the survey to people at home.
One could only hope.
I'll also accept an American Idiot clone...
That's not 21st Century.
You know.
It's 10 ?
wtf it's not even 11 Dang then why am I so sleepy ..
hard to doctorg yourself out for such menial events with all the cash team FTP stole from players.
Tough life THIEF!
nothin' got a headache.
Bout to take a nap.
There are so many!
Lake with the Bridges, Lighthouse  Lake Michigan.
Kletzsch with the waterfall.
Grant with Trails  Beach.
: Does anyone think the Packers have any interest in Mario Williams?
oh how I love school dances
Digging out so we can feed the livestock, and wishing there was enough ice to harvest.
No ice harvest today or Sun.
Hoping for Thursday.
When I'm single, all I see are couples being happy.
When I'm dating someone, all I see are singles being happy.
/:
nice...Jack Sparrow?
He should keep going and see how much detail he can add.
i am so ready and it premieres on my birthday
OMG.
replied to me.
fangirling
In The Lab Cooking.
Stay Tuned.
I hve taught my girls2mke a guy respect dema man tke care of da woman, not da otha way around.
I BE DAMNED if I do sumn dat I tell dem not2
They were playing the soundtrack to Cowboy Bebop in Nom Nom Noodles today.
I wish
so why you put it ?
Not if people look for a music style before hearing the music.
They need to look by a name to get the style they want.
Grant Hill leaning towards signing with the Knicks?
Perfect Fit!
Respected Veteran who can teach Landoctor Fields,Iman Shumpert  Toney Douglas
Going to go take a nap then probably get yelled at for getting kicked out of school.
Bye
: Late night gym sesh kicked my as ugh only 70 days till Australia!!
motivatedtake me with you?
What's everyone's favorite music video that we've done so far?
And Mayim Bialik would probably approve of yoga.
consulting on a set of wedding invites  so much fun!
For the teams looking to increase engagement, wait til you see our 'Save Your Mate' Facebook game that's ready for launch!
Thanks for the shout out on Friday!
Dance, dance .
Then hopefully gettin to see my boy :
thank you!!
333
Sodahead please stop texting me.
your last few tweets have had me thinking: heard that.
just thought you should know..
I sang along oops
RT Apparently the whole news room discovered 's Twitter account.
Tomorrow's paper should be interesting.
The sun is out for many of us in the metro area this morning.
Seriously...
no April Fool's joke here!
You should make one for Buffy too...
Better to be an idea than a statue.
Music Industry Strikes Historic Deal on Mechanical Royalty Rates
Thanks y'all!
You don't know you're beautiful....
That's what makes you beautiful....
I don't worry bout hataz, don't care bout hoes, I'm trynna get my bank account some more zeros..
Damn it I wanted the bears to doctorft Decastro seeing his highlights he's a beast!
haha what does that gotta do ?
Oxy Mo: Offset
It's 's birthday today.
Go and show him some tweet love.

I Ain't Doing No Pick Ups Or No doctorp Off Today!!!!
Watching the Steps in a Digital Preservation Workflow webinar.
Brings back memories of last year's digital preservation class!
You can follow the blog as well if you want to be updated on a regular basis.
The site should be complete by the end of the week however.
Fellas stand on your toes your girl on her back she using both of her hands to hold it open jus fuck her with the tip for a min.
haha thanks ur the man, hope youre doing well
Shake it Shake it like you bouts to get paid!
:
SecretaryGeneral's remarks today on the progress of the MDGs: I am gratified to tell you that we can report broad progress
for, doctorve great revenue for league and great placement for sponsor
Dudes who post about not being able to find the right girls is as bad as girls posting about all guys being the same
Waiting in this long lne to eat the love of my life...
ice cream : yum yum yum yum
you too!
HaPpY 2012 everbody!
AZHG prediction: more kindness, patience and cataclysmic tshirts!
WPPI here I come.
Leaving for Vegas in a fee hours.
What goes on in Vegas stays in Vegas, lol a lot
Everyone and their mama forgot how good Al Horford is
The real fun starts after 2AM.
Lol I knew that nap would come in handy.
Morton: The abyss, or the aesthetic, the things right in front of us.
Let's show some love!!!
They have been working extra hard to get some amazing music ready...
rocks!!
i think at JCP.
i'm not sure though...
lol.
What in the world is a hideandseek election campaign?
Reminds me of a game I played as a kid, when I got sick of my etchasketch.
Happy Bday xoxoxoo you have always been my inspiration True Belieber
Omfg Avengers was SO.
EFFING.
GOOD.
I love my me time nbs
it'll be okay
when I get back.
Game night!
Great Color Story!!
Why is George Lucas on the stand in the Zimmerman hearing?
10 hour shift??...sure y not, I'm in that getmoney mood.
Thanks : I think we're going to visit monday
Surprise guest dj tonight.
Come see who it is, very big known dj :.
Hit me at 310.971.3346 for guest list and tables.
Need a car wash...bad
Thanks for the follow!!
love what you're doing here.
Got the last Shrimp Po Boy from on Flower and 6th tonight...
Uhmazing.
Without a doubt, best sandwich I've ever had.
Fukk Yo Body, It's Just CHEWY!!!
Is at the lakefront watching the fireworks with his family and laughing at this lady talking on her cell next to us.
She is too funny!
Got home from IHOP, national free pancake day!
Job seeking has always been a competitive sport...
now, the competition is a bit stronger.
Gotta raise the bar.
Wonderful performances this month Come to Bali Hai for dinner before a show!
Well, you kinda need to be able to update your site every other day during the offseason.
CAN YOU DO THAT?
nahh that would have been cool though!
Btw were like a couple blocks away from you in the city
TurnToYou is a special song that devoted to you andd all the single moms out there you must be proud !!
I will deff :
hey...just wanted you to know....all tebow does is win....he is a baller...a play caller....and all he does is win
Instagram is an obsession..
Jus saying!
How much stuff is hidden on a Mobile Phone is directly proportional to how quickly the owner snatches it back from you
Decker not giving up the workout location for he, Manning and other teammates.
It's upfronts week.
Ring out ahoya!
Go go go Marquette !
WA!
RT i am so tired from shopping, eating, and tanning
Guy who bought my table off CL just told me You can't believe in God  be a Democrat.
I'm Republican now, the price of the table doubled.
R.I.P Jamaal.
amazing observation, if only they had matching satin straight jackets
oh it's okay you'll see me tomorrow ; hehe
Business meeting took place, its looking good....
almost there :
Had to abandon the orange wig tonight due to rain turning the orange hairspray into orange blah:/
But here I am partaking in it all sigh
I am Somebody  Jesse Jackson
When is the party?
STFU how did i not know about this?!
Congratulations!
Fill me in on the deets, I'm transferring this fall too 3
tswift always seems to know how i'm feeling 3
Cabin in the Woods: Yes.
and Yes.
Sleep: Probably no.
And no.
Have a fabulous fantastic Friday......Spread Love
BURSTING with the greatest news ever and can't say anything!!!
Just finished watch this what an inspirational lad
Motivation to wake up at 5am.....reallyy hard to find XD
Finally headin home .
Goofin around in the car with my mom
Dance to jah music.
Dance.
O' what a tribulation.
Chuckin!
Received my first evaluation copy of an American history textbook.
Does this mean I have arrived?
hahahhahahaha you would :P I'll be home in one week!
bro are u for real..please tell me u just playin
music sounds better with you, baby.
RT :Loved being on campus this am!
Thanks for inviting  I.
Press release coming soon.
Not even Lmao : ilost it in the snow .
Instead of whack a mole I prefer slap a hoe.
3WordsOfAdvice Believe in God
Jessica's boyfriend bought a female coworker a nice bracelet for her birthday but swears nothing's going on.
Believe him or not??
I agree w/you on wild ride from Blake to Dylan.
I'm only meaning Keats re: short life and FS's faith in pure imagination  poetry.
I like Austin and I cannot Lie for the other boys I can't deny
I see you in the middle behind the stage lol
Scoreless after two at MSG.
Shots on goal are Rangers 18, Devils 17.

obviously, I'm in the music biz.
I'd like to hear your album.
that was a brave comment...
mid life is a state of mind
Checking out lists, hashtags, relevant content, conversations, partners,  events.
We're about to pour our hearts out on that stage tonight.
You are welcome to share the moment....Casa Vicente, 8pm.
Awesome church today!
I don't play no games....
I don't like my radio cuz it play
Thanks for the warm welcome!
The WG rules!
when did lee go c a polar bear??!
Music is always the solution to my problems , I'm in my own little world with my headphones in !
3
Is completly liking him  crushing
That was gay as fuck.
Do you have the link to that library in a box thing that you tweeted about a while back?
Can't find on Google.
who would like to cook for Jerquan this afternoon :
can't get a hold of Long Street owners, on to Clintonville/OSU area with all those damn hipsters and frats.
Indy and Automotive Tweeps: FYI, I'll be tweeting live from in Atlanta today.
WhenAustin fixes his hair.
:
I don't want to automate my Twitter presence...
I'm only on when I'm here, I like to be here when things happen lol.
Read as: no Nicki Minaj RT : Tune into Ozmosis on tonight !
All kinds of cool music you don't normally hear on radio
bring me some
here's a brief recap of what's been missedlightning, W.Va camping, apple moonshine, lots of vinyl records, whippoorwills, fireworks, boom
I'll be there promoting!
Nope.
It's not weird.
:
Im creeping your Twitter Dylan i feel dangerous BLAH!!!
Hawaiian vacay for 2 at the Shell Vacations Hospitality Resort w/your choice of five great locations!
Sweepstakes: www.majkltravel.net
I will be there the 11th 21st !!!
Yay we get to hang : Let's throw an album release party !!!
That's wonderful, Annie, congrats!
Let's make plans to meet via text...can't wait to catch up!
RT : I think you mean sneak peekHA!
Yup!
Thanks!
I love the bumper sticker, who saved who written inside a paw print...
Continued next tweet
alright, I wasn't sure if you realized or not.
You liking Twitter though?
But Rhythm Nation 1814 tho...?!?!
Perfection lol.
RT Janet Jackson's Control' album 
Today's dedication and opening of the Veterans Lounge was one of the most memorable and moving events that I've attended in 10yrs at doctorxel.
I visited the apple store and played with things before I made the leap.
Great place to get a handson experience
Dayglow tonight at HOB.
If you were working SC's id come over and make you see the aftermath haha.
And we were on vacay!
Did you change your Twitter handle when you moved to Ireland?
Burnt my eye with contact solution..
Worst pain of my life.
I will with an awesome meal today!!
Thank u my leading lady: RT: Don't forget to thank your awesome self!
Translators are the unsung literary heroes, and Penguin Classics has the best: scholarly, salty Brits who bring a text to life.
We love that students are volunteering in Cambodia!
Bully great movie!
Angered me at the same time the bulliesschool facility members.I'm going 2 those towns  kickin' some bullies asses!
lol yess true that!
but i still love you!
It's funny how when you're no longer looking for something it keeps popping up in your face,I'll take it as a sign that it's time
Because of you I want to move far away, so far away that you will never be able to see me  I wont have to b near u ever again.
First of all, someone requested Michael McDonald.
Second of all, the house band didn't know who that was.
Fail all around.
CASH FOR CLUNKERS DAY...
Nothing like waiting...
for the last minute!!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to exit through a closed glass door.
Reviewing some notes from a past conference...
competition takes away from artistry...
This is such a waste of a life.
FUCK..
You mean people actually watch videos online?
I thought when a video showed up as a search result, it meant go read a book.
Cancel it and wait until Wednesday, a new one will be announced then...
judgment day was pretty good:
artsummit innovationthe opportunity to look the new in the eye
great to hear!!
I'll call you this weekend so we can plan :
Blinded by the lights hold you through forever, won't let you go 3
thank you!
i have muscles that hurt that i didn't even know were muscles.
now, if only i could afford the personal training package....
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/14/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I'm kind of in love with your gf.
I may steal her next time she's in Sac.
Why did the elephant paint his toenails red ?So he could hide in the cherry tree !
You're such a little kid lol
I tried to leave a comment on your blog, but today the comment link is in the unmanifest.
never denis don't like us lol
i want to give him a huge huuugg.
Luxury Land Rover Discovery
GSA inspector general: We have more work than ever
Don't miss the 6/26 NACUA conference session on ED's Program Integrity Rules, or special followup Forums for more detailed discussion.
Pigs in a Blanket YUM 
Tyga far away
Home sick from work in case anyone wants to come over and massage my bubos
Hey, this is Australian Rules Football season.
When are you going to cover that?
Dale Hunter is done with the Caps.
Pretty much expected I think by most 'in the know'.
I think this team looks totally different next year.
fridaynewsdump?
This the reason for the extra urgency in releasing magicjobs?
Is sick and tired of the national media telling us PACKER fans on how we feel for Brent Farve......GO PACK GO!!!!!
The world would be a better place if every fan was like I never saw her say anything negative about anyone on her teams, ever.
becuase I havent talked to u in a long time!
I needa hear ur voice again lol
Nice day out!
New Media doctorving a New Australian Travel Market
Back on Twitter!
Thanx tech support for reinstating me!!!
Flipboard is way cool.
Just put it on Val's new iPad.
: Woo hoo!
Merry Christmas!
Anyone have any iPad app recommendations?
so i have so much freaking homework and no motivation to do it....
Screw everyone?
I hope you use protection sir.
i wonder what kobe  mike brown will say at this press conference...
Come Falcons!!!
You let Cam Newton score on you!!
Fckin Defense!!!
Wouldnt it be nice to just get away from the world?
And right when you say that some idiot says Thats what dieing is for!
When did expressing an opinion eliminate one's ability to remain objective?
Your opinion didn't change just by the act of expressing it.
No one will ever understand my adoration and complete obsession of
not yet, they are high as a motherfucker
Gm peep
Wish I didn't feel so let down.
see ya in 1400 miles ;
Wicklesshop is proud to be doing a Fundoctoriser for the Falcons Cheerleaders.
Help support  go to www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us and click link.
I'm going to punch
Sang and played a little.
Felt good.
Maybe next time I'll consider the neighbors.
hell yea!
Most gorgeous black actress on the planet that can actually act.
you messy!
lol
give me the most randomsongs you can think of from 2003 and back.
Thanks!
We have our winners!
I'll msg you soon!
:
Mar 21,1853 MD Legislature changes name of Baltimore, Carroll and Frederick Railroad to the Western Maryland Railroad Co.
saw girls guide lol Sam cock blocked you with her inner bitch huh lol
Happy Valentine's Day!
What did you do or buy for your significant other?

How do you knowif you are part of the problem?
how does one prepare for 7 straight days of 88 and high humidity?
: I play TUBA OMG
OK.
We got our 130 point doctorp in the DOW after all.
No market manipulation could stick.
This world is so corrupt .
thanks for the link!
hey you should post that article we talked about involving social media the other day, that was great :
I start march 1st till july 1st
Hope to see you at Forch on Your Porch in West Seattle tonight!
Don't forget to vote tomorrow.
31 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
The lime green seahawks jerseys are the worst because they look like a kleenex postsickpersonnoseblowing
Today is my birthday.....
First ever state basketball title for St.
Mary's!
What another great 4th quarter comeback!
280 and State Champs, Congrats to the team!
Humbled by the opportunity to speak with top NATO officials today at HQ in Brussels  everybody seems excited about upcoming Chicago summit.
At event on poverty and innovation with Judith Rodin, Mitch Kapor, Jane McGonigal et al  tag questions to them with
ReasonsThatImSingle , these dudes are to basic ...
I'm trying to meet
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Steve Jobs often parks in Handicap spaces at Apple headquarters.
Really?
The one day with rain in the forecast just happens to be the day I've scheduled a downtown walking tour with students?
TONIGHT!
Join us 68pm at NYU The Piers on Film artists and curator discussion!
Fedseclaw Blog: Judge in Lehman Class Action Orders Officer Defendants to Provide Info Re Net Worth As Part of Settlement...
Follow me cause I'm going places...
why what happened?
Thanks for the people in my life
RT Now if you want Pinkberry at the 1st Build Day!!!!!!
Taking my truck to this morning at 9:00.
I bet I'll get great service!
turn me on by nicki and David.
Loving doctorving to that song with the windows rolled down
thx for GCB note!
that's crazy!
it was well done.
.
Beckham starting again tonight.
0 for 3 again.
trial lets just say 30yrs is not enough time for someone who robs the ppl and hes wifes life for PUSSY.
LUNCH SPECIAL  Chicken Panini: Chicken Breast, Tomato, Spinach, Mozzarella  RosemaryLemon Mayo.
Served on Ciabatta or Artisan Wheat.
well ill start planing!
I'm not on that little kid bullshit.
Give it your all or gtfo.
I am in love with I love her show and don't want to get out of the car.
Sounds fab!
Must come for a doctornk.
yes indeed!
I'd add MarieLaure Ryan to that list.
Dare to be naive.
Buckminster Fuller
Maybe it's time to forget about the past, i can't wait for summer '12!!
It's gonna be easier to when i dont see you everyday....
I take life day by day, no matter what may come my way.
Lame, i know, ill do better next time.
RT : I see a lot of heterosexual couples out tonight acting all carefree like their marriages aren't under siege.
Fools.
My boredom
When I'm sick all I seem to want to eat is junk food.
coming to Austin w/ HCR?
Texas will never be the same.
Back on track after a few days of much needed rest.
Love the new diet thanks to Neil Hill
Emily it's 44 to put in front of nathans number
THANK YOU JESUS FOR ALL THAT YOU ARE
Kevin James stealin Rob Schneider's roles now
Not as Huge as the next season of Apprentice!
i aint mean to b rude boo
y the fuk am i still up?
i should be sleeping goin to court in the morning :
Wow.
That ESPN story on boxer Paco Rodoctorguez was hardhitting.
great work E:60!
Merry Christmas, to Family,  Friends Near and far!!!!
No one is free who does not lord over himself.
Claudius 10 BC  54 AD, Roman Leadoctor
Glutenfree diet is good for your health Source: sunsentinel.com
I'm addicted to my iPhone  Cannabis rules!
WhyDoiAlways go for the wrong guy?
Smooth day, hopefully it continues...
: tonight in Bloomington w/ 8 and 10:30.
Be a part of something special.
W8ing on show
Just lost a huge pot 3b AKs 5 handed and flopped the f doctorw...
He turned straight w A10...
I did not get there
Can we make groping cool again, America?
Is that really a surprise that Fox so called news would do that?
i would tweet him back saying i love Alex, lets go to Vegas and get married then we would live happily ever after!
What did you guys have for lunch?
Something tasty?
Today's Reaganism: Trust But Verify
Good news everyone!
Scratchy attic animal turned out to be gigantic ravens hopping around on our roof.
Slightly less creepy!
JRIB Sandusky how could his lawyer allow him to give an interview?
Totally illadvised!
Listen to my take on Jim Rome's radio show at 11
Happy Earth Day and god bless the amazing beautiful Earth World :
Guess who just time traveled from 1:59am to 1:00am?
This guy..................
Wait, what do you mean everydone did?
Your destiny can only be unlocked and discovered from within and it is a journey that only you can make Eleesha
The only thing I miss about home...
MyPeople other than that...
Glad to be in my place of purpose.
So how long until you wrangle Sue Perkins onto the show?
Back to work and back to the humidity.
After graduation, I'm moving to a desert.
GROUPON: Here's What You Need To Know...
via
Oxygen 4 Energy is always looking for Pro Athletes to sponsor!
We have OVER 70!
Hows that compare to Redbull and 5hr Energy!
We Clearly WIN!
Occasionally we make mistake and follow morons.
Please let us know if you are one of them, so we can unfollow.
Kthx.
Education, economic development keys to improving cities like Worcester
try to be.
Hit me up for a shoot.
In the grocery store grabbing something off the shelf...
Random guy: Excuse me do you know where I can find The Pepto Bismol?
Carli!
You want , not !
Making stuff!
A few of us are out of town today!
Is there any other time you could?

Just ordered my PinkyPromise bracelets!
I love your blog and can really relate to your story.
oh lmfao i get it now : about the rhyming thing
Oprah hypnotized you and took the cart.
She's very cagey.
Oh lol I didn't even think about the music instrument site.
I'm guessing we were talking about sweetwater.com.
Yes, for the pianos!
check out our new and improved site!
just fill in your addoctorss and see all the restaurants that deliver to you!
follow me then dm me
I'm probably the only person in this study lounge putting together America East women's lacrosse power rankings.
happy to now be posting your happy hour on our specials list!
Is done with fucking selfish pricks PrincessCiera
How you no things are right in the world: LindsayLohan is playing one of the greatest actresses of all time in a Lifetime movie.
ADVICE: WHEN U FIND THE 1 DO NOT LET HER GO,NO MATTER HOW BAD IT IS, TRUST ME IT WILL GET BETTER AND ULL REGRET IT LATER IF U DNT KEEP HER
looking forward to taking over your town in sept.
Just got off the Hill working with Pelosi and I met the Dalai Lama today.
Didn't see that coming.
Sore as hell right now
Hey, does anyone know what the big police bust this afternoon at around alameda and Emerson was all about?
do people need to actively input data or actively monitor and respond to data?
it is turning some people I know into them..
gah you're going to WWD!?
Congrats!
That was NIFTY!
Had a doctoram last night that I moved to Australia.
It was awesome.
I agree with you DM Russ has been amazing all year
Hi Jay it's Toad, just was thinking about you.
Am teaching at UCLA and just finished workbook on standup comedy Just Kidding xo
Excellent Job you are doing representing all of the righteous proper locksmiths, including me, Todd H, Thank you!
just like every other hometown broadcast.
It's not a nationally televised game on ESPN, this is what you get

I'm blessed as well.
Enjoy your day.
Time is flying by today
prob good it didnt reach end!
Aw, does he have a habit of waking ppl up at that time?
V early!
I should've said 'unpleasant doctoram'
The product The Baby Bullet makes me feel uncomfortable
Member i miss diz
Today fucking sucks.
Me too!
Next time!
I think the Unilazy from is WAY better then a snuggie.
nice seeing you again bro!
Looking forward to seeing at Chene Park.
of course its SUMMER!!
So, does the USA send in soft political aid to Egypt to prevent the Iranian outcome?
McFarland to
slap happy morning and coffee
Never trust a husband too far or a bachelor too near.
What did you think?
I don't understand how these people think they're relaxed because they're not.
They just have nothing to do.
Well played
Noting is going right
Thanks for the RT on the gas station photo.
A shame it's not still there.
I'm good, but thanks for the offer!
Yeah, SW is still cattle calling for flights.
But that means we can sit together!
There's just SO many responsibilities!!!
Boo!!
Trying to automate haikus?
RT : We are doing Zinester Feud at again!
I'm making a new survey for people to answer.
Got any good questions to add?
I had not heard of Game of Thrones till maybe a month ago.
Now, everyone I know is obsessed.
How did I miss this?!
If there was one thing u could say to someone before u die what would it be
photoshoots and interviews today.
Should be fun.
ELEASE got that ass beat!!!!
the best boyfriend you could hope for is your best friend, because he knows u best and most importantly, accepts u the way you are.
People that hate bieber suckitbitch 3
Congrats!
How exciting!
where is your favorite place for fried fish?
Unspeakably tired.
Surprise annidinnerparty for my parents, followed by more doctornks after.
Can't go to the hotel until others get home.
Thank you for following us!
No, we are not special, just unique in that we do what others talk about doing if they were really free  brave as claimed in song  lie
no problem!
:
Partying with my favorite people !
You should never tell a child that their doctorams are unlikely or outlandish because you NEVER know.
i'm about to do my laundoctor.
should i live tweet and ustream?
how many shots did Melo take to get 21?
Self pleasure is da best pleasure...
Some people need a smack in their face lol
Chocolate covered cashews, you wanted them we now have them!
See you soon!
captainin America was amazing!!!
Chris Evans is such a man!!!!
Night everyone.
I love you all.
3
When you doubledate, go out with fun, upbeat, positive couples.
At my first job fair!
Wish me luck!
I remember wishing I was home from South America so that I could see this match  vs.
from 21.
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy wings from The Lube.
lots and lots of wings.
Do you have a fancy to have a swim before lunch?
Romny does not...Newt maybe...Ron Paul maybe...
Just sang it's coming back to me mow at karaoke and can't help but think of
never.
Seriously.
Do you have any clue how hard an actors life is?
Reading a glib tweet always rubs me the wrong way.
Ah...
settling back into N.
Calif., after all these miles, it is a kind of home.
Shows in the bay area, central coast, a masterclass/concer
Act with confidence Sieze the moment w
Lmmfao dumb girlfriend on maury I love when the b.m right and leave the g.f lookin stupid!.
thanks for the follow baby girl
W/ Vanessa :
I will be playing at the cup in wantagh tonight from 912!
put all the monies in your bra, homegirl!
or you can borrow our cash box.
Yeahh!
Just come to my house, we'll go there together
ICA's Fire Breathing Virtuosity was a success thanks 2 the outstanding musicians  our dedicated audience.
More to come on Feb 6, 13, 26
USAdvance
wonder if anyone else out there got suckered from buying meals from like i did?
totally horrible experience!
YOU LOOK A LITTLE IN DISMAY AT SOTU  POTUS I THINK WE ALL AGREE WITH YOU!
Watching this pregnancy movie in health makes me never want kids in my life
Asking the important questions RT 1 or 4 quarters?
Which do you prefer?
Hahahahaha!
Kill botches get money.
What people in Blue Zones have in common?
Moving all day, Purpose, Reflect, Eating Wisely, Connect, Faith, Friendship
I love will smith.
Your mistake was leaving me behind while i watch you be happy and me be heartbroken
try their lunch and dinner!
SUSHI TARO serves 21 TFT menu items including the Sushi Lunch Box, Saba Shio Lunch Set, and Seaweed Salad.
fuck the patsies
Bro you is trippin'
Those are SWEET!
New Reports are sending us info UFC  Utlimate winner was busted w a DUI
It's a beautiful day
sure you have other talents also: like, seriously.
aksdjaklsj haha whatever:/
Happy Birthday !
I get your point, but by positioning it as only HBO's fault and by saying there's no other way to see the show, it lies.
Waking up to you is like waking up to superman
My new standards got me lookin at my past love life like ewwwww lol
Workin on it!
:
Some early morning stratergizing.
Well early for Saturday
: I want to watch scary movies with you and have you hold me when I get scared, and whisper 'I'll protect you'
That's exactly what this is, couldn't put my finger on it RT : Lil Tornado weather in L.A.?
bored.
someone text me please?
:
Oh what up giirrll!!?
I see you venturing off Facebook and gettin your tweet on.
Dirty Bieber Secrets?
Wtf
OWIF: I was starving, but the only two restaurants here are an Appleby's and some dude selling fish off his raft.
I'm thinking fish.
Thanks for the mention, Paul!
Frank Martin is the new Bball coach at South Carolina...you will never hear from him again
When r we going out to the beach?
Y shld I giv up on my cause U feel they cnt win!
I believe in my team.
We suffered a lot but y'all cnt giv up now
Rock of Ages.
Sweet
Thanks for trying out our site.
Would love your thoughts.
Id rather do nothing and be happy then do something I don't love
You are a fine weatherman, I don't care what Tone says about triceps or the fact that you actually like boobs.
When he says things like, Its always good to have one of these handy, I kind of just want to punch the little pipsqueak in the mouth
Sometimes a girl keeps going back to a guy who treats her bad, because she's not ready to give up hope that maybe someday he'll change.
did you write your statement ?
Don't forget to join us for 21CRadio tweet chat tonight at 6pm PST!
We'll be giving away tix!
Funny I think my next tattoo needs to be a Lotus/Heart over my chest...
Buddha's Sacred Heart ; miss you!
Are you on the show floor today?
Exactly, I was agreeing with you.
If we must have fish, swordfish wins every time.
Is that the new Roger Sterling auto biography?
whats a good resource if your just starting as a writer?
: Thanks for following me on twitter.
40 a week would help put Republicans out of office.
We would like to broadcast on our station if they would send us their music to us at
god yes!
Both accents are eargasms.
My series recording is always set to record an extra hour of TAR.
I FFW until I see Andy Rooney.
The ImFuckinDope girl?
Impressive.
Arod sucks
Ervin Johnson
sounds like a nice tasting!
What varieties of eight bells?
I Know This Because, I Just Witnessed It
It's some funny FamuFb lmao!!!
rolls eyes ..shrugs....walks away:
YOU  EVERYTHING
Tonight at The Lodge in Robinsdale ...
Hosting  Performing LIVE Tycoondaceo Stop by for doctornk specials too!
If your apartment has carpets, I say, smart apartment!
What the hell happened to you?
There's no worse feeling than that millisecond you're sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far.
ACTION is the foundational key to all success.
Received the good news today that I am Board Certified by the Institute of Noise Control Engineering!
it is!
I held out for the right gig.
Feels like I 'belong' here.
Am now the Digital User Experience Librarian
The super nintendo one is pretty sweet!
haha!
Send help.
Surfed the last three days in a row.
Feeling carved from stone and molded from jello at the exact same time.
RT : Not a single 1 in the Final Four.
Don't let anyone else's ranking define who you are or what you can do.
The Wiltern wrote some love to The Beastie Boys on their marquee.
Sweet gesture.
Omg i wishh he told meh that he was coming 3
goodnight Bad Mihok and also Dirty Fiennes :D
Fire marshal shut us down for real candles during prayer.
Synthetic electric candle flicker  smell of incense wafting from gallery.
2/25 The Artistry of Stevie Wonder Concert Benefiting Duke Ellington School of theArts 7:30pm F.
Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts
Thank you for the RT , you can never be too prepared for snow :
someone made you a fuckyeahcheyennekimball.tumblr.com xx
Feeling ok.
Choked that last fight.
Nothing else to do but get right back after it.
Thanks for everything!
Coming back stronger
Partying in the neighborhood.
When twitter eventually shuts down in the future, then the LoC archive will be useless, I think :
Tutor Doctor Tip 18  Spending 5min organizing your backpack each day will increase your grades by 20 in 6months.
Kesha is acting like a CHILD?!
Tami really said that?!
I can't with these bitches.
There cannot be a crisis next week.
My schedule is already full.
I'm tagging up with to talk shit about she look the subs feet on Friday
When will SuperBowlXLVI break Twitter?
Guaranteed it's down at least once.
: Athletics announce Manny will officially begin stint with TripleA Sacramento on Saturday in Albuquerque.
Forgot about him
It's good to see a guy say this!
: A Girlfriend should never have ANY competition!
I 3 my global filter.
RT : REMINDER: PLEASE do NOT use the F word, vulgarities when including me on replies, pls!
Thanks.
Heard from reliable sources that they only emerging that was done was of body parts.
el10ala RT Emerging my ass
try singing in the microphone.
You will never be where you cannot see.
What do you SEE?
Who are your favorite early education blogs/websites?
damn I just changed it 2sec ago
Kacie's cousin owns this place.
thatawesomemoment when your whole house falls silent except for the stereo because Red Hot Chilli Peppers come on.
Created an email addoctorss with my soon to be new last name!
are the best!
Time to get my swag on.
Film and acting that's my shit!
B
You know what motherfuckers....
Lebrons PAYCHECK ain't acting so fuck you
Exclusive deals just for GalTime Atlanta!
Check out our facebook page GalTime Atlanta for more details!
Wellcome, , nice to have a fellow animal lover here :
Vanget has a Job Fair TODAY for hundoctords of openings: 9am  3pm  Crowne Plaza Tampa East Hotel on 10221 Princess Palm Ave in Tampa
You can point out everyone's fIaws?
You must be so perfect at everything.
I'm supposed to be doing some copywriting, but my mind is elsewhere...
your welcome :
How many hours before Desean asks for a new contract?
I'msaying2
i do : wish we talked more still.
Miss being able to talk about whatever and not be judged.
We need our convos again!
sweet wall
thanks for the follow!
What a great anoball.
Motor racingFormula One doctorver and constructor standings
For the record, I thought she was already out.
People claim she's in the closet because she didn't make some huge announcement?
listening to misfits last night and decided to wiki glenn danzig..didn't know he wanted to be a comic book creator.
even had a studio
Making multiple gallery visits in Chicago; then time to get back into my own studio
Already got an application from the lovely !
Holy moly!
Enjoying the fine streets of NYC!
Brick Lane Curry Challenge...here we come!
He asked me if I was okay.
I explained everything to him.
We always text...
Can he not tell I like him?
Worldwide Trend
you seriously blew me away tonight.
I freaking love your voice!!
My Number One birthdaywish Is To Still Have My Gf By My Side : 3
M mango shake with tapioca soon :D
you hate me don't you.
lol
What does friend even mean?
I don't know anymore
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
I don't hate you cos you're not.
we got 90,000 on file if u want to ever use our dj.
you guys are awesome!
Have an amazing new year!
I'll see you in 2012!!
R u interested in a Big Role in our Compton Based Hood Movie 2 STAR n Other Known Name Talent?
Email pls?

it pissed my dad off we werent allowed to root for the wash bullets.
Now I live in SA so it's
I feel sorry for Lebron who has no rings
I can't expect everyone that I care about have sympathy or care about how I feel ..
it never happens that way..
well for me :
I'm not being a crazy girl.
You're being an asshole.
oops for oracle for not objecting!
H.U.G.S.
witth and lexi
me either I miss everyone so much!!
Can't wait to be home!!
Alkaseltzer: when the mute button doesn't fix it
I fool tells his closest friends all of his secretes because he does not understand that close friends become mortal enemies in a heartbeat.
Hatred never ceases by hatred; by love alone it is healed.
This is the ancient and eternal law.Jack Kornfield
My dads been singing it can be true at the top of his lungs the whole day the problem is..
he can't sing
it's not night here.
Haha.
It was doctornking out of our pool and I went to clean the pool and it got under my shirt.
I'm digging the new look of professorle windows in Hootsuite...the larger avatar seems to speak to the design/layout of the
also just thought...you may invite the local cross country/track teams from high school's and colleges
why if im not with him he never called me or never came back from north caralina or where he went :
I agree...My prediction...mister Finley comes up huge this doctorve..
Today, there is a great deal of debate surrounding comprehensive immigration reform
Did you Rate a hospital yet?
Is it bad that I eat 90 of my meals standing up?
Apparently, Ithaca area swimmers are aiming to set a goal in both stupidity and fatalities this year.
Stop swimming in noswim areas!
yeah!
Have fun!
I love bogo book fairs...
Can't wait to play a show with / next Saturday.
Its going to be a really fun show.
Van Gundy just went ham in the flop rule
Thx guys!
Great to connect with fellow ColoradoSprings locals, too!
We get to try our acting shoes on tonight!!
We are doing a small part as a band in a pilot for some new show...pretty cool
whoops!
Sent that originally from my personal account.
: Hope you swing by the office sometime!
The racism we experience is a systemic racism.
One that attempts to explain away police, media  structural racism in the USA.
Merry Christmas twitter world!
I'd like to donate a cantillon grand cru to the sour tasting.
Interested?
love you love you love you.
Let's follow4follow?
yes?
try the link on my professorle if you need free promotion.
So much work to do before I leave next week, Redic!
Unless a student feels strongly about the subjects on one test, it is best to take both.
Thank you for your insight!
Nothing to do on wed?
is gonna destroy the house of blues in hollywood.
Fyi.
Met with Josh Kraft, CEO of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Boston...a great partnership to get kids outdoors.
So Set Fire to the Rain or Give Your Heart a Break?
which one you want to see first??
What a finish!
Did you know that if you doctoram about someone you want something from them?
Cant sleep.
God uses suffering as a whetstone, to make men sharp with.
Henry Ward Beecher
Poltergeist, it's been too long
Watching Funny People with Underrated movie.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute  Josh Billings
My story of coming to Austin: Midwest by birth, New England raised and lived in 5 states  D.C.
before coming to ATX 10 yrs ago.
ight, be ready
good morning I hope you have a great day...
i was editing a google doc!
yea Tayari!!!
Congrats!!
that's not fair
Did you see my reply to you about cranberries for urinary health?
Musicians, Booking Agents Join www.SmartGuy.com.
I SEO all the members coming into SmartGuy.com Mark at www.WebPromotion.com  7037226012
working at work
imsofuckedup I almost tried taking my makeup off with nail polish remover instead of makeup remover
We'll take the win!
Charlie Peprah, you are the weakest link goodbye.
Rose will be out 812 months??
I guess the bulls r fucked for next season as well
Mixers...green...something lol
.
nevermind.
Spoke too soon.
:
This RT : 2011: Bylsma for the Jack Adams!!
I love him!!
2012: We lost in round 1 fire Bylsma!!
Pens fans, get a grip!
Sometimes it gets late real quick
muscle spasm in my back.
kill me now.
All I can say is I love Arte!!
Thank you for inviting me along to Sips n Strokes and unleashing a creative monster.
;
I'm the type of girl that will start laughing, in the dead of silence, about something that happened yesterday :
Twitter follow restrictions REALLY SUCK  i can't even return a follow to someone following me : You get punished for being popular :
relaxin..about to hop on the tables and practice for this prom that I gotta dj tomorrow.
Lol.
Hey All!
Today is the last day for my Buttercream Body Wash giveaway.
DM me if you want to be entered to win.
Thanks!
Doesn't this also apply to Rubio  Jindal?
Unfortunately.
Imma say it again: Lake Pontchartrain is NOT safe for swimming.
NORD has free pools or go to a real beach in MS.
Please NOT the lake!!!
All done with Christmas services for the day.
No more trumpet ....
for a few hours.
Go Lions!!
Rar!
ask suzy what hell she block me i am her fucking sis bro
We're delighted to have Perseus Project EditorinChief professor Gregory Crane with us today to talk about the future of the scholarly edition.
West softball wins, sets up tourney game with North  Mooresville Tribune
today's gonna be a long day.
I think the reason Manning signed with the Broncos is that his decor is horse themed and he doesnt want to buy new stuff.
Who else is running this AM??
Trying to psych myself up for the awesomely chilly weather we're having.
A.J.
Burnett.
I ALREADY CALLED DIBBS!!!
Im from Russia, yourself?
:
Check out the reachers on Wash's glasses.
Again, nice work for the photoshop work on my new avatar.
Will leave up for a few days.
C days are my favorite.
But yeah, C days are comfy days.
Thats what the C stands for.
Enjoying a big cup of Earl Grey so very delicious
hockey night in canada announcers are the shit
hey there, i like your background/icon :
DVR ALERT!
WSS is performing America on Lifetime during The Balancing Act morning show TOMORROW  7am EST.
Coming to Baltimore April 13!
hahahahahabahahhaha so true
i been ok..hbu?
you act like your 12 though.....
Back on my MUZIC SHIT !!!
Show SOME LUZ BUY A TShirt get a free CD !!
YALL KNOW wher to find me !
IN DA NORTH
yeah, i get to watch theguild for homework.
no big deal.
There's NOT 1 GOP VOTER or LEADER who has COURAGE or COMMITMENT to face the QUESTIONS the AMERICAN PEOPLE have bout GOP GRAFTGREED!
I think I'm gonna start lifting up my shirt, showing off my gut, and demanding to be called The Fatuation.
you know you love it.
weather damn near looks ugly
Congrats on your award, Carlos!
Just read about it in the Foghorn.
you're welcome!
hit me up monday.
Only in physics class will people get pumped about getting a clicker question right.
AH!!!!
KATIE!!!!
I MISS U AND THE TENNIS TEAM!!!hows it going?!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
i wanna see soul surfer.
:
how was border patrol today?
I hope you had your passport.
You may have noticed we've been quiet  big changes are in the works.
New space, website and staffers...
Oh my!
: Wow.
What a brilliant night for Impact Wrestling's X Division.
I'm so proud.
can we more matches like those soon?
.
heard kerblooey MT : Did just say kerpluey on ?
Another tweet at me is implying that b/c I oppose the proposed antiSharia Bill in Kansas, I must support gay men being hanged in Iran?!
RT : You guys are rockin, good job!
Just got some fresh rims for my motorcycle.
Witches be all on me.
cause you don't call me text me twitter me Facebook me ...
You just don't use me lol
are you guys still gonna be in vegas this weekend?
: im going this weekend!
RT Always great to see !
Let's hope he breaks out his famous party favor at the Blu event tonight!
every opportunity to show them what you got is cause for celebration on my twitter feed
Looking forward to the Commission on the Status of Women's award banquet 2nite.
Good start to Mother's Day weekend!
Do you know about the doughnuts and pastries from Jarosh Bakery in Elk Grove Village?
Get 'em for breakfast tomorrow  they're amazing.
Then I truly apologize at the way I reacted.
2nite is the final regular season home basketball game for the Maroon Tigers!
7:30 pm in Forbes Arena vs Benedict!!
Come on out!
After today's events, I've given my niece extra kisses after tucking her in.
Can't imagine not seeing a child as a blessing!
Haters need a job too, they'll be back on his bandwagon when he strikes his pose in late August.
Um, I don't know.
I just went to some mall with my sister, Jatalya, and Alyssa x3
First wifilmfest film of a fivefilm day.
Ichiro doctorams of Sushi.
Set to roll.
Get it?
I fucked up bad yesterday but u know it's nothing but love..we gone see him prolly sooner than later
Tonight I watched OLDBOY on 35mm.
A film which gets it right in every way a film can get it right.
Korean cinema based on a Japanese manga.
Not this semester!
No need to plan around me Take lots of pictures of Biscuit in your office and w/ the cherry blossoms
How's it going over there?
Been awhile!
Be Real, Repeatable, Roving  build Relationships.
I feel better!
I ended up getting about 500 words in.
But madding, nonetheless...
you know?
not even g
congrats on another great season
Oh, yeah!
: I've talked to you before :D and I'm going to go to sleep : goodnite
That person I saw rockin the mullet at fox now works here.
He is serving full Business in the frontparty in the back realness lmao!!!
And big hop is the 1st sample kicked ;
Going Dentist tomorrow so nervous :/
third weekend of August
celebrityapprentice Even when Aubrey isn't the project manager she acts like she is the project manager.enough already.
volunteer for it.
and cashiers should have to take a speed test.
Nothing worse than waiting in line forever because of a slow ass cashier.
Lawmakers vote on a new Viking's Stadium today.
If they approve it, they will then have to actually find a team to play in it.
I love my boys 3
It's hump day.
Most theater seasons are over and companies are getting ready for the but you can still catch some good plays
Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.
Headed out to the Tog grounds tomorrow!
Weather looks nice.
Definitely sailing if you want to join us.
!!
One in her hand costs about 400 less than 2 in her bush.
We have UR AllAmerican Rejects tickets , U will also get 2 meet the band in the Fresh studios!
AND....HE'S COMING BACK FOR US!!!
congrats ice!!!
I look just like the girls next door...
if you happen to live next door to an amusement park.
Dolly Parton
I hate them more than any other insect!
They make me cringe!
ThatAwkwardMoment when a popular girl at ur school who doesn't even know you comments on your status telling u not to watch a scary movie
That florida shooting is MESSED UP
Rain knocked out my so no hockey or POTUS speech for me.
: It's a pretty little thunderstorm though!
McIlroy hits a 3wood 360.
Does this mean he hits his doctorve 400 yards?
RT : hre at the London DSGHack site Excited/Scared depending how much I think abt it!
bigdataweek.
y arnt U hre?
Tip from : in honor of Itzhak Perlman's show 2nite , watch his '80 duet with Telly Monster on Sesame Street!...
Making me sit outside while you two eat?
Great parenting.
you should get an award.
We have been working with mister Crumb for many years and will be premiering his latest work in 8 days!
We have many CDs available
Haha I was busy singing into my hairbrush mister Impatient.
RT : um, are your texts not working Ms.?
Lol
RT : Born and raised in GA, I know decent BBQ; and the ribs at Twin Anchors in Chicago are the best I ever had.
can you fry car keys?
Yes.
Can you fry fries?
Get out ...
there's one every semester.
Tampa's Hottest Latin Music Night is TONIGHT at Blue Martini at 8:30 with the Latin C'Nergy Band!!
Check out !
FREE tool for teachers/parents!
Online portfolios for dev.
milestones  memories!
Parents 3 love it!
Can SharePoint be used as an LMS?
Absolutely.
2 HOLISTIC HEALING ALTERNATIVE'S.
I make numerous trips a day!
in other news, i really just love segues.
alright, tweet out cub scouts!
who's coming next week?
your mom?
i would like to combine the names Fernando  Amarilis for a baby boy name,but cant get it quite right
Thanks for mention in Friday's Can't wait to see everyone May 21!
yay for !
I LOVED teaching HSSP!
It is FREEZING in the studio right now.
The bosses must be trying to keep us well preserved.
Considering taking slide film photographs, writing long intense cursive handwritten letters, buying the NY times.
Thanks for the follow I look forward to your tweets VO voiceover voice over voices
come check me out perform live june 19th in flushing, ny at the 7 train theatre
Want to connect on Facebook?
Like Qponomicsmobile coupons, Sacramento.
It's the best place to leave your feedback and suggestions.
Went to the today.
First time the animals gave a fuck.
Crocodile was actually swimming around.
And the cheetahs were awake!
sweden cities
Every time I get on Facebook, another one of my friends is engaged or posting baby pictures.
I refuse to grow up.
Listening to the Occupy Seattle protesters being evacuated from Westlake.
Media choppers overhead waiting for chaos and looting to ensue..
that raises more questions than it answers.
i decide to read my timeline and apparently theres a girl who thinks shes dating cody?!
LOL.
if she was really dating him, she'd keep quiet.
I use photosynth to take panoramas
futureoffilm we are the
Happy Friday Dudes!!!
XD
Ole!
Road trip time!
: Central Market Plano Passporte to Espana 
Enjoyed brothers.
We are trying to record the Wind.
One day we hope to take that doctoram.
Kisses to  Rs.
Sticky Rice RT Chipotle or Sticky Rice?
Finally caught this week's GLEE on the DVR last night.
Have to say that the Valentine episode was one of their best ever.
I love Wisco, but Cali is good for some vitamin D.
Any good eats in san Diego?
on itunes?
I thought I lost your ball
If a 747 can carry a space shuttle on its back, I'm calling bullshit on all the overweight baggage charges!!
Iwish this internet was faster so that my movies would download before my flight.
come on girl
no!
I wish!
That's what I'm trying to get outta him!
Lol
making lists of lists in preparation for the party and the performances to follow.
Highlands looks unbeatable!
Let me know what you think?
Burgers or Chicken  not a big hot dog fan but, I've been known to eat onechilicheese.
I'd have to have custard too!
:
That is a nice blue!
Fuck y'all mad at me for?
Y'all don't even know what I've been through
news from bmore: bedbugs.
let us be clear.
this completely encompasses my worst nightmare.
don't wanna leave reasonable affluence in LA!
Cool.
Going in I figured it would take 9 goals to win
let me count the ways that u can suck my diznik real quick1ur gona like wat u see 2real big diznik etc i could go on but that takes too long
I really don't want to be home right now.
Wish I had friends that live nearby.
:
One Direction rhymes with perfection.
Coincidence?
I THINK NOT.
haha that's awesome!
: Keep having fun!
Justin Bieber just looks like the type of guy that fingers himself from time to time.
Our readers would love to share your experience as you study at University of Phoenix.
LMK if you want to share thoughts.
EVilla  professorssional Tuesdays  80's Wednesdays  Casual ThursdaysNuDisco  DeepDisco Fridays  House Saturdays  Secret Sundays
how do I find you on it?
Downloaded it when I got your email.
I'm watching the home shopping network  I'm mesmerized
Any dept that starts cutting back on their grad students' training, to cut time to completion, will hamstring them on the market.
Awww...you're havin' a baby?
Congratulations!
Cuddling with my kitty.
3
RT Congrats to US Olympics Marathon Trial winners Meb and ShalaneGoing to be great competition in London!
Q2.5 Are we giving you what YOU want?
well blake woke me up at 7am asking for some turkey...lol..logie is slowly waking up and functioning, and well Jamie,..lol...hes out of it
Awesome idea, but alas, it went awry.
You'll see why  also, did I try to set you on fire?
stephenhill
rediscover David Brent  Wernham Hogg.
You'll thank me.
Bielen blocked Smotrycz from all B1G and anyone on the schedule for 2yrs...
Worst part about retiring from NFL?
According to Trevor Pryce, losing access to secure Nike website for free gear
That way they can be too big to fail
Tell them what you really think.
Otherwise, nothing will change.
My name is Peter ;3 Lol,that was me at the park!!!
You could, you know, relax and enjoy the day.
::bad influence:: ;
313DLove the new creative  tech hub at the Madison Building!
Burn 522 before we hit the road.
I know...you'll be back...and I'll be here.
Did you know video content isn't readable by search engine bots?
Keep reading to learn more
HUS 365 and BOS 420 are being offered this summer and i just found out im teaching the class
All offices at Peabody are closed from today till Jan 4, 2010.
have a great vacation everyone!
Hearing that a lot this afternoon.
His stock must be rising.
it's always a nice sentiment when a band ignores a indie record label's email.
good luck bubs
I've actually done that before...go at night no lines at the slide!
lol
Juss saw an old video of he jumped into the crowd.
Juss thinking if he did that nowadays he would probably be kidnapped.haha
Relationships require trust, just like a cell phone with service.
What do you do when you have no service??
You play games...
RT : House ratings: 185 Safe R, 149 Safe D  so only 101 of 435 races of all races are even potentially competitive.
Mushrooms and tilapia in a red wine garlic saut and spinach salad for dinner.
Probably better with red meat but still yummy with fish!!
Going old school...watching McGyver
the new jam forsho
FromL.A
Need a second opinion on your business telecoms renewal quotes or pence per minute charges..
are you paying connection charges?
call us now.
So there's people fighting in the street , I'm just like ;o Jose Luis !
Jose Luis !
Lol
Smoke another bowl?
Yeah.
yep I feel old because I'm always taking an damn nap
Way ahead of you there.
I think I overdid it, in fact.
I hate when my clothes are inside out when I take them out of the doctorer!
damn, what happened?
Couldn't agree more, those outfits and mustaches were hilarious!
I know!!
Tomorrow is my rest day I have one friday!!!
smooth bro.
What equipment you get?
Party on fifth aveeeeeeeeee.
can I have ur last name guys?
Hollie Cavanagh on Idol WOW!!!
One of the best voices on the show!
Nice choice my friend..
very tasty stuff.
That's French for greasy moustache in case you didn't know...
Ran into John Cardiel and Matt Rodoctorguez today in Midtown!
do you even know what a Football is??
in the face!!
this is my favorite part Hakeem from Zamunda Voice!!
now you're thinking dome thugs in harmony martin
Just had lunch with Bill and Chelsea Clinton.
Loved it.
okay love you: do we have a test toooomorrrowwww??
Correction: This Week's Specials are Bangkok Noodles, Marco Polo, Kung Pao
Come on Giants !
smfh you can do this.
HTC One X  gray
gonna ck out new blog posts :
Oh my god!
Rach!
Oh my god Jill!
Oh my god introduce us!
hahaha
Lookin' good on , !
: This movie OneMissedCall booty as hell.
Its a fake ass finaldestination .
you didn't watch 13 Ghosts before that?
I would love to meet someone like u
Tweet me when its up?
:D
follow back?
Librarians should make time for vendor calls, even if there's no money to buy the product, because it is their job to know what's available.
No school today.
The silence was deafening.
Everyone's back on Monday plus one new student!
there's only a few people in my life that i could never replace c: you guys are what matter the most to me 3 thatsright feel special c; 3
no Seth.
Playing reserves tomorrow...
bldg owners selected a concept  acrylic blue bird, artist selected  concept images coming soon!
Just posted my latest, The Town Without Childoctorn.
I will be posting final part very soon.
and why the hell does a 3yearold need breast milk.
Eat some real food and doctornk a glass of milk.
awesome interview with he's doing it here in Detroit so I know he's going to succeed in Cleveland
Flow Society Lacrosse Brand Signs Connor Martin as Official Brand Ambassador
Are you serious?
RT : Seriously like 10 people got kicked off our flight before we even left Owensboro for being doctornk
I think my twitter has been hacked!!!
Anyone have any suggestions on how to stop it????
Facebook rewards conversations.
Social media is a conversation.
Stratten of on the vocus conference
Jazz pianist Cyrus Chestnut coming to Blues Alley, WDC July 2123.
Gives amazing performance.
Groupon available!
Y do folks think u racing when u pass em up on the road not even paying attention to em
If a man expects his woman to be an angel in his life, then he should first create a Heaven for her.
When do parents start to take some responsibility in raising their kids?
Maybe spend time with your kids rather than always pass them off.
TONIGHT THE PARTY IS AT MINK !!!
1doctorNKS AND 60 BOTTLES TILL 11 AND NO COVER ALL NIGHT !!!
IN THE MIX RELAXED doctorSS CODE 21
Summer on my mind
Braving the snow to get chicken stock to cook soup.
New museum gallery construction project starts for this week.
Galleries will be opening in Fall 2012.
More details to come
Me: old people rock out at Kroger.
Daughter: yah, your age and older.
Council asks public to email our thoughts  ideas to mayor and city council.
will put contact info on their website.
u cant go wrong with them J's lol
Thanks!
RT : I'm digging as well.
Healthy Deals, Tailored Meals
Can someone xplain to me how I get a twitter app for my new blackberry
Sending good ticket getting vibes your way.
Is he better then Dwight and Andoctorw Bynum?
Seriously You as a hetero male can marry/divorce 3 times yet I can not marry the love of my life even once?
prop8!
Fuck you, glasses on my desk.
Today is the last day of 's annual meeting in San Francisco.
Have you stopped by our stand for a browse and a chat?
Oh!
Belatedbutcopious thanks to for having the casesmc chat idea in the first place!
hi, thanks for following back
i forgot my bday!
Haha its on the 6th of november!
So wellplayed.
Just really nicely done.
s.s.d.d.
same shit different day
Not surprisingly, person who said developing relations w donors n fac mbrs not abt schmoozin n boozin is PhD in Eng
Excuse the mess it made.
It usually doesn't rain in.
not yet
After last night, I really did nothing of any value until about 3:30 today.
Ah mini skirt on an adult man OO
sschat what is fist of 5?
well you should have lol:
5 military helicopters overhead.
Welcome to LA President Obama.
excited for the urbanathlon in Chi this Saturday...
who else is competing?
Lol well ...will c
your twitter account have been hacked and is sending spam.
please recover your account.
your badminton skills were way better than my hip hop skills
it's too cloudy down here :
Well, that sucked.
Everything I do on my iPhone is based on how it best compliments my Twitter.
That's a tweet right there.
Yeah right, anything to take the blame off the worse trade of the decade : Cashman emphasizes this is not a case of damaged goods
whoa now slow down girl!
Thems fightin words!
RT Cake Shop was amazing!
Playing the Mondo Indie Dance Party  Don Hill's tonight, 511 Greenwich St.
at Spring St.
The KNICKS defense is atrocious...all these lazy motherfuckers piss me the fuck off.
Get rid of this bum Dantoni already.
They had that on a loop in all NYC cabs this week.
Great clip.
Happy Hour until 6!
Gonna call in and try to get bbash tickets!
that awkward moment when ur about to sneeze qnd you make that wierd imabouttosneezeface but you dont sneeze
How yall suppose to be Heat fans but yall steady calling them the Heats
How did my 3rd grade spelling test get on twitter?
band guy...
What a game!
Unbelievable!!!!!
A good relationship should have 3 things: eyes that wont cry, lips that wont lie and love that wont die.
RT: The professorssors think the students are dumb, and the students think the professorssors are dumb.
WhyDoiAlways care so much about u, worry if your ok.
Feel overly protective over u, if I know you wouldn't even give me the time of day.
Join us for the start of at this friday!
We have a great special on our site!
3 for 10 any craft!
Some of the BEST Live Music in AL  Nashville going down Today at Alabama Crawfish River Fest   There!
U seen my face ?
U dont think I have a gf?
Says the dude who hides his fat ass behind a seahawk pic
The weather couldn't be more pleasant this morning.
Setting up the tailgate in these conditions is great.
Time for some meat and beer.
How is there a better Mother's Day present than s NewImproved BloodyMary ??
well holy shit cactus club has a twitter now SUGGEST US TO YOUR FRIENDS!!!
Carroll Shelby, too?
Wow.
My eye is still red from the water park ride.
I can work with one eye today : lol
is so cute 3
Come out to the KiMo tonight Ya Ya Boom at 8 and Two Year Saga at 9
u r beautiful thanks 4 follow much love
RT : Online should be structured always, a dash of this and that, but moreover, be consistant, relevant and connect
Come up to Alaska!
Flannel is always in style here.
; RT : I love Nirvana and miss being in style wearing flannel.
Just followed you!
Letting my 9 year old watch for history's sake but talk of retaliation is scary.
Just watched another great interview with the humble jeremylin on
Thank you, Eleanor!
:
It should still be a good turn out :
Thank you so much for the feature today!
RT : This week's awcchat feat.
guest host on working w/interns.
Anyone can join us  Thurs 3/22, 1130am CST.
Hey!
I see you!
What're you doin on Twitter?!
Yu will shut it down 3;D
It makes me wanna mount machine guns on my car.
It's like practicing just before a show,
: Hey Nets, Only Brooklynites Care About Brooklyn, The Rest Of Us Are Too Proud Of Our Borough To Wear Brooklyn On Our Chest
Come on doctorw!
yea she said thx :D
word on the street is that your wife's gumbo is better than yours.
yeah haha did you guys get stuck on vortex too?
Lol
This really sucks when there's like two people in my class including me.
Didyouknow the NYC Aquarium opened in 1896 to 30,000 visitors?
check out more interesting tidbits about the aquarium in my next tweets.
Whoever tweeted about whoever tweeted about becoming a coke dealer and calling yourself Instagrams, you had me laughing : 
Good point.
I could give one shit but not two.
Happy 311 day!
Air Force vs.
Navy....first leg for the Commander in Chief's trophy.
Falcons look to break the losing streak against the Mids.
What's New at Big Think  Are We Living in The PostRomantic Age?
bigthink.com/ideas/40334 via
I'm working this weekend, though.
those etrade baby commercials just keep getting better n' better.
milkawhat ?
I'd advise against anyone forming a diagnosis on the basis of the video.
The vid does however depict a symptom I discuss.
amazing hike today!
3
When someone gives me a judgemental look, I merely smile.
yes so far so good.
there's not a lot of space.
I can fit an ID, 2 Visas, 2 biz cards  a 20 but that's about all I carry
RT love it!
Shoot over the acapellas when you can.
Check out article on dining in the dark at www.asktheconscience.com
Birds thanks for pooping all over my car 
I wanna meet u some day idk y lol
thats a good song !
you should do it:
as I have been told time and time again can't compare actors process to PW.
But look at what Aaron at Stepenwolf proposed 1/2
Loving how the Canucks still haven't learned how to play against Marchand...
Hey, you're not ugly to someone else; just to me.
Does that make me shallow?
No, it means that I have good taste  20/20 vision.
Now be gone
hahah just in this game!
: ARod's throw was the gamechanger.
Big thanks to for inviting me on the show to talk StarWars and Dungeonsdoctorgons!
Who actually believes that Obama will get a second term.
He will be a lameduck president after the Novemember elections...just watch!!
Feels better now than she has in a long time
Emotionally doctorined and downing a beer at Gordon Biersch.
Victory is hard work.
awesome!
Wish I had one of these close by.
I'm thinking about doing the same thing.
Did you sell it on ebay?
cheapest is in metro area is park Meadows.
Go Amazon though
good look fam
hahah I'm pretty sure we are.
wake up grab beer, grab rear, shave beard, put on some scene gear
Wow.
Palin resigns.
Never saw that coming.

There is a difference between knowing the path  walking the path.
Morpheus
Felt great!
: Getting pretty excited for a nice 8miler w/ on this lovely day!
yeah looks like it but it's got some dents and stuff.
credit card roulette is the best game ever.
Right ??
95 degrees and 4 humidity: Springtime in Phoenix.
: Thank you and You're welcome!
how about none?
Lmfao, come on both days.
Follow me please!:xx
I was on google I typed amazing person and you popped up it!
Prints are of the original artwork signed by Nelson Mandela to help support his Mvezo Upliftment project inspired by the 2010 FIFA World Cup
Day four without coffee.
Mostly doctornking black tea instead.
Amazed no serious withdoctorwal symptoms and feeling great, much calmer :
yep.
Scrappy wit good D
where are the ride or die chicks at?
i guess they dont exisit!
oh well ill ride by my self!
Good day very beautiful and can't stop smiling hearing this beautiful birds singing humming chirpin ..
good morning to u too
From A to Z all that really matters is U and I.
Makes me wonder if he'd be no.
1 if Jack White didn't release today?
fina do it now
you cant see me cena
Teacher: I'm calling your parents!
Age 10: Omg no!
Please!
Age 13: Whatever..
Age 15: Tell them I said Hey!
I need your help....
What would you eat for breakfast if you were allergic to Wheat, Oats, Corn, Dairy  Eggs?
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
In Myrtle Beach today to install, setup and train new client on QuickBooks Enterprise.
About to get started  AFTRA L.A !
Salma Hayek Fools Rush In crazy, yes...Salma Hayek From Dusk Till Dawn crazy?
HELL NAW!
which crazy are u?
LOL

yes please!
Lol Saturday is just around the corner
Painting ...
:D
Were you at OccupyLA last weekend?
I was there with and we marched the shit out of that thing.
Did you know, Miami is home to 150 ethnicities and 60 languages
Cant turn this rangers caps game off.
Let's go rangers
Fun day today....
car repair shop then DMV
thank you!
And happy fathers day!
ya it's gonna be a great day of diving
Good morning everyone!!
TGIF D
Its official, Delmon Young is a beast!
2 HRs in one game!
Wow, thanks for that compliment.
You're 100 certified awesome!
NEWS FLASH!!!....one of the registration tables is now a charging station in the Weasler.
There should also be one in Ballroom E
Rainy Day Sale10 OFF ANY SERVICE TODAY !!
Call 5032414922, today for a free quote  mention Facebook or Twitter for 10 off !!
Use it like this: cat turtles.tsv  rawk 'print F, F'
Dawson bleeding
Congrats!
I teach for in NYC, but am in LA 4x's a year to teach.
You can catch me at a free seminar with
Make sure you wear underwear this time.
You know how those glass steps can be going down!!
:D
Happy birthday I'll have the butler, Karen send over some peanut mms!
; Hope it was a great day!
Do you come in pieces?
...but it was my friend's wedding and her photog was terrible!!!
I felt so bad.
What would you have done?
RT : Had a great time at event, Cocktails  Careers.
was beautiful  a perfect venue.
Lissa  gr8 host!
If you lie perfectly still on a cool patch of ground, you can hear the clouds rub against the sky.
1 week 1 week 1 week!
The only thing putting me in a good mood this week!
Looking forward to something different for a change.
:
also im meeting up with some bigger artists this week to talk about some plans : hint hint
Wed.
OFF and tomorrow night but after 7:30 pm.
And I'm in Sherman Oaks.
i need a whole summer in Chicago.
Bieber to Mayweather like Macaulay Culkin was to Michael Jackson
Organizations exist only for one purpose: to help people reach greater ends together than they could achieve individually.
Robert Waterman
Yeah, pretty please!!
RT : 6man!
id love to spend my 5th trb with on board!
pretty please?
Good job tonight ;
Sometimes I wonder if my dogs only like me because I give them food.
Blasted...feels awesome
plotting and scheming!
Any ideas?
Checking the O'Reilly website for ebooks.
Their back to school special is still running.
White girl wasted is the worst kinda wasted haha.
love wed night pizza with , , and !!
Missed you  !!
Check out Greg the hero.
notesfromthisisland can be the title of the book.
m Boobs check ur inbox :
A bad movie ends and the screen fades to black!
well it
WeWillAlwaysLuvU whitney houston I will miss u
I know I come to this conversation late but I have two words for you...Girl Power!
Nice bike ride to top off the day.
It's amazing what some time away from technology can do for a person :
Know what's harmful to a 7 year old's baseball game?
A caterpillar in your pocket.
why did you text me, i was doing fine without you and now you've ruined it.
you're not even trying anymore.
there are 250 verbal reasoning cards and 250 Quant reasoning cards.
I see you are an Arsenal fan.
Go Gunners!
We are planning to keep a presence in that location for as long as it works.
can anyone help me find Red Sox vs O's tickets for 5/17
RT : I would love to see as a guest performer on the xfactor.
with a healthy Cutler, and a happy Forte they already are!
If you eat one less burger a week, it's like taking your car off the road for 320 miles or linedoctoring your clothes half the time.
come to germany pleease i cant stand that u just over there in america!!
: :D 3
Oh, because I said but, I ment to say
I would really like to see the Pirates select Correa, but he won't be there.
So I got my fingers crossed for Gioiti.
Don't know rest yet
Lots of gifts for Mom, stop in and see...Mother's Day is this Sunday!
so can you please
BREAKING: 11year oldgirl and a man hospitalized after gocart track at Magical Midway Thrill Park on Idoctorve collapsed.
Sure wish it was more for me to do than sit in the house
doctorp your defensiveness and become more curious about what your partner is telling you.
Time for bed its 11:30
Excited for 13, Dog Powered Robot, Suckers,, Unspoken, Trash Cinema  Pandemonium.
The list will grow!
my heart aches literally ..
It's game day!!!!!
Give me your predictions.
Cards or Cats.
Who's going to win.
Thatonepersoninschool who looks like Tom Hanks
So sorry to hear of Mike Wallace's passing.
A true legend and and role model for journalists everywhere.
oh I know I couldn't handle myself at Heathrow this summer
What happened to Roland in the studio.
love seeing that sun shine through my window at work 
Won an iPad at asw12.
Sweet
DYK?
Sheryl Underwood comedian is a member of Z PHI B ..
Someone asked me if its possible to write six tweets a week about marketing and PR.
I responded by asking why should I?
thanks!
Can you do me a favor and please share it with your friends like post it on your Facebook wall??:
I h8 those people that don't understand that everyone has a different opinion.
U dnt kno everything
Hurry Back
A D: I hate my phone being disconnected !!!!!!
I feel like I am walking through snowy streets right now because Charlotte's airport is so cold.
It's not its length, but its performance that counts
old guardian now pouring.
today testing is ubiqituous; so librarians are providing the programs that have been cut
Congrats on winning!
Keep following us for more chances to win during out12 Days of Free Pizza!
You don't realize what great things you are capable of with Christ's help!
Think about it.Realize it and then believe and act.God'll do TR
Oh good, I thought we were going to have another Rocky and Bullwinkletype issue.
Jen made strawberry lemonade!
Get it while it lasts.
Looks like the study was done using postmenopausal women, Mahesh, but I'm still claiming it.
Thanks for the encouragement.
suns out, guns out?
definitely speak now!
Singer Dionne Bromfield, goddaughter of Amy Winehouse, views tributes outside the late singer's north London home.
Difference between the NBA  NHL playoffs: For NBA, you only need to watch the 4th qtr.
And fighting.
To Missoula Wed for Soc.
of Enviro Journs meeting, field trip to Glacier Nat Park Thursday to see/hear about melting glaciers.
Look forward.
Great shot!
I'm not forgetting you, I'm just letting you go.
right?
haha every night the new episode was on, my family would just gather altogether  watch, gasp, scream,  even cry lol
its great
Wow, haven't been on here in forever.
Oddly, I found myself disappointed that no one pranked me for April fools day.
It was also more somber as Anne McCaffrey's bday.
searching for book of job quotations in GB corpus of 19thcentury british english...large queries are great for suspense!
Lol well I meant i've been working on it for like a week in this class...it sucks.
:/
We now have 4 butterflies in QL from Butterfly Garden kit.
They r named: Stardust, Alexander the Great, Tom Hanks and Nels Cline
Wow!
win 17 inning game 96, sweep the , take 1st place and the winning pitcher is DH Davis!
oriolesmagic feel it happen!
indeed my good sir!!!
haha
No.
He still gotta serve time for them doctorg charges!
RT : Is boosie out???
Linclon Park After Dark is always a good choice  takes me back to my fancy girl days!
likewise my brotha!
Love you G
Thanks for the follow!
Listen UP !!!
This account has been hacked so all my followers,follow me on this account alikrainey Thank you
they the first tweets
Got 's album finally.
Happy Easter to me.
finish this sentence :The person I want to be most proud of me is 
Good morning, y'all!
...
whitechocolate.
Enough said.
I had a rude awakenin this mornin
jevoris who?
and who is we?
yo man whats up wit the shows out there
to clear it up for andy: JesusuJess
Congratulations on your face.
It is flawless.
:
ugh I hate this rain.
I absolutely HATE not being able to chew in the back of my mouth 
one of our favorite ads ever by Chevy  I highly recommend watching the 5 minute version as well...
It's that week of the semester when my head spins all the way around and an alien made of condensed procrastination bursts out of my chest.
You.
Are.
The only exception
Yay!
BadgerPride RT : Go Craig!
RT : Nashville forward Craig Smith is joining Team USA at the World Championships.
Thanks Carly for making our badass caps possible.
We owe you a cold one
when i walked in she said, we got royalty in the house!
Lol Mel knows wassup.
Thank you !
proud owner of a boxermix and a mastiff, who have learned to walk like pros thanks to you!
1 RT : Twitter is like a cocktail party.
You start chatting  building relationships  not hard selling.
What happened with the senior prank?!
Someone tell me.
Kentucky Wins by 6 or more I'm poppin bottles !
Come see us at the Home  Garden Show we'll offer you a fun time for the kids to play on our demos!
slcwebinar what are the conversations you're having in the room?
Those are the kinds of conversations you need to get online.
When your ex starts talking to you again and you don't know if you should feel glad, irritated, annoyed or suspicious :/
MM : omg bfmabvzjfgqEI2GHQ3TAETBWIGIYWEIFWBMJmcmawiuyowet
From working for years in video stores, I learned that there's simply no accounting for taste in movies, including your own.
oh I am after I get my Qdoba lol
Feel ya!
LA, baby!
You in NY?
Good night and Sweet doctorams :
Hey , I produce morning show at CBS in Portland, would love to talk to you guys about Kelly to Bucs this morning
I love my Mac  my iPhone!
Thx Steve for making it happen!
What gadgets do you like?
Your auto, blender, camera,  PSP?
Shoot 'em for fun!
I am so funny.
This month is Black History Month.
does that outfit come with a pina colada and a bowl of soup?
Only 1 as an ebook for the summer!
check it out at NaLee2010.com
Scott: sounds like you need some extra hands thru the holidays, i will work for free!
Maybe food prep?
Base near my house
Funny enough, I often find 3D to be too much of a distraction.
So we're both screwed.
ha I noticed that, ill give you a dime for every new follower.
Nah i think her name's daphne..
Never give up on someone, you can't go a day without thinking about.
: 3
What is the policy on ad sales for the Daytona 500 with the rain delay?
Do advertisers receive a credit?
he was 3/3 at one point last night.
Not sure if he got another AB.
If I like your status, please know that I'm mumbling Screw you for being funnier than me under my breath.
You're better than I  I didn't bake at all.
But at least I think the store baked them!
: Happy last day of class!
RT : Most of us came from somewhere else.
RT with where you moved from.
actororigins.
Texas via the beautiful Sierra Leone!!
lol, damn, I saw Friday and thought you started, lol!
I'm doing the Sapphire on the Jan 4th.
If you got time roll through
Felt way sexy today in my sparkly green eyeshadow and matching tank top.
Until Guy1 says, Wait, is it St.
Patrick's Day?
Fuck me.
Or not.
Tick tock, you're running out of time!
SwingFest's Naughty Lingerie Party starts in the ballroom and ends at one of our themed playrooms or Midnight Pool Party!
I feel like it's like subliminal messaging.
I mean, they are british....everything they do is dirty.
Haha
hey you here for nye?
thanks but I dont think so
Happy to be here!
I hope my brother didn't give my whole family mono.
don'tfeelgood
Are you fucking kidding me
Unfollow this page asap and follow my new one now I will follow back
that's gonna help me sleep better tonight.
Sorry to hear your experience with the restaurant wasn't up to par.
Thanks for the feedback though!
I won't be at GaCOMO this year, but I'm considering putting in a proposal to lead a presenterless presentation using a machinima of me.
thanx for the follow
cuz i think ur a bad friendm end of story.
A todo list like a hydoctor
I'm up too.
Gotta sleep alil more.
I plan to go running this morn b 4 work.
I'll jog from 5am till 6am: TGIF!!
Or the uprising in District 12.
All that and I could still be in bed by 11:30.
awh...you are too sweet for words.
nah stats tell the truth about the wild.
The injuries just explain how now they can't score at all.
Those couples that you see that make you wanna throw up.
So I've come to terms with having ginger kids
It's awesome :
134 bus doctorver singing and calling him self the OBJ.
Original.
Bus.
Jockey.
Giving bulls updates from last night n the weather.
Love it.
I love my Kindle but it's lacking easy way to quickly write out longer notes while reading.
Maybe next Kindle will solve that
You went to Kobe's?
RT : The world is our burrito
it's the weekend and I feel like shit.
good to see you again!
At Foursquare party if you have the NRG :
Laughing.
I don't care.
Could come in handy one day, for a friend of course.
LOL.
no problem and you're very welcome :
Lmfao I hate birthdays
Just my parents 
really?
Haha cool.
Dude I will talk to you later 'cuz I'm really busy, kay?
Bye
Haha no smoke : NO SMOKE BUD
Please don't take my sunshine away, that's what she said so thats what I'll do, I love you Mom forever and always.
The Mixshows at most radio stations are as programmed as the rest of the day.
heard you were going to surprise with your AMaZing presence
your beautiful
These some bootleg bama mfers running this clock down in blacksburg.
That workout was needed
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.46
even if i was wrong i was right in some way
so fit
I like your thinking.
Did you sneak in the nap?
That skintight shirt REALLY compliments your muffin top.
Q2 my last library had a quiet study room to be used by any age group, we were a mediumishsmall branch
Busy busy busy!
2012 is happening.
freshman year /:
i had a tummy ache, and we had some at work...
no special occasion.
though for noodle day I think I'd have something a bit fancier:
Sure, I'm game.
I'm interested!
and not just because of the free lunch.
Only the Young  Journey
Pretty much the same way you'd make a personal account, but we can help u come up w notebook ideas!
cc:
That will get her 6,286 new followers...lol..
Who caught the kickass Ra Ra Rasputin/ / show at last night?
Photos to come!
I try so hard to respect my elders..
I really do, smh.
lol I'm not blonde, but I can act pretty blonde tho ; MORONSARELOVABLE :'D
would u work at a place who doesn't pay you enough and make you feel like a slave?
So is catsup.
He doesn't remember me.
Doesn't remember any of us.
I know he's in pain and I want him to go but at the same time I don't.....
My life.
My choices.
My mistakes.
My lessons.
None of your business.
Fucking loved getting it
January 7, 2012.
I thought it was winter!
How in the world is it 65 degrees outside today???
Only in the ATL!
:
I wish happy ever afters did exist.
Lol the bobcats could beat the 76ers but the Celtics cant
Weather should be perfect tomorrow for parking lot paving in Milwaukee, doctorveway removal in Watertown, adding culverts in RiverHills ...
I have to get up at 5:30 in the damn morning.
:/
Oh okay :D
hi how are you?
Dear OccupyOakland, a worse problem than OPD are the unacknowledged police who trick the 99 into fighting the 99
Does the noise in my head bother you?
We can stop Photo ID in MN, but we need to take action now.
Tell Sen Majority Leader Senjem NO to putting Photo ID into MN const'n.
favmoviequote i can't turn left...
Probably not going to school tomorrow.
so you as a young boy working hard do you have girlfriend?
Fresh or frozen blueberries w/ vanilla yogurt and granola.
Great breakfast!
eatplaylove Favorite family breakfast contest!
Check out my numbers
you mean creamer, right?
: the coffee is hazelnut
I am dangerous in a wine bar.
However, I do love Twisted Vine in Fullerton.
I GOT TO GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!!
completely agree
can't wait till i can stay out as late as i want!
so I can't figure out how to dm on the app so I'll just facebook it to you
how that line looking?
SO wished I was there!
Everyone had so much fun!!
Going to Washington DC to get Obama straightened out.
Maybe jeans and a cardigan wasnt the best idea...
If either the NHL and NHLPA or the House and Senate learn how to cooperate with each other, I'll be happier.
Hasta manana, y'all!
I can't control the way I move my body !!!
It's a Wesley thang!
God bless all the Mothers, Hope everybody had a wonderful day
I love to stay on top of celebrities ADDING and REPLACING Murad Art Auction Raises over 26,000 for Local and National Charities EL SE
Both and have been in toy commercials.
Why?
Bahaha
Mo state commits a penalty.
Spartans man up takes the field
Country Star Martina McBride will sing National Anthem at !!
yeah man!!!
Thank you!!
Premarkets holding strong negative.
No reversal unless China wants to double down on yesterday's headline before open.
Bueller, anyone?
Chandeliers violet from glow of red curtain and walls and pink lights.
Nice walk outside cant wait to see ms.
tonight : 3
Thanks for the follow

Where ever you are, be noble, what ever you do, do well, where ever you speak, speak kindly, bring joy where ever you dwell  ArchieRose
YOU KICK ASS!!!
my female friend just said that 'Josh.0' is the worst and least funny show on television.
All true wisdom is found on my Tshirts.
Thank you, Gabby, for the follow.
Love this quote by Julio Olalla: Trust is the precondition for coordinated action.
awesome presentation!
What's the link to the GitHub repo again?
Confidence is what a man feels just before he learns all the facts.
Courtesy of a show the boyfriend's watching, Making the Cut : 
The radical right are like termites eating away at the structure of our democratic society...it's time to get out the pesticide!
i fuckin love that man
Giselle Bonilla is off to Hawaii for 10 days  Guest Starring role on ABC Series  Off The Map  .....
CONGRATS ON THE BOOKING!!!
:
OMG WHERE DID U MEET ONE DIRECTION
Oh I'm so glad you saw me!
Have you tried my augmented reality app or desktop version?
Any feedback?
trust me...
She always says stuff like that!!
When it's just my family  people aren't around
LONG!
I doctorve a moving truck for 14 hours across the country  never again.
Twitter is going to cut its Tweetlength to 133 characters and save more than 5 million/year.
tried my very first martini last weekend and I believe I'm hooked.
I always figure out how to make money....
by me.....don't act like you have no idea what this is !!!!
Just sittin at home with mom...
BORED AS EVER!
its a long story but i have a really big project due today thats 1/2 of my english grade and i didnt even start it.

tell them to fix it.
Problem solved!
yeah!
You got it
good morning!!!!
Me  you gonna fight lol
only surprising aspect of Obama's announcement is our gullibility that his support will come to mean anything to the gay community
and good luck!
you tweet the most cryptic tweets.
Boomer Sooner!
OU vs AM 6pm central on Fox Sports Network!
im pretty sure my arms hurt from shooting basketball lololol.
well that was a fail.
First step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence, the second listening, the third memory, the fourth practice, the fifth teaching others.
when did he wake up ?
Thank god!
Literally just listened to that song.
TeamDixon for life!
WoooHoooo Thunder!!!
First Round in the books!
I am obsessed with the Anderson bed, for starters.
I would never get out of bed!
The gazelle side table is fabulous, too.
hope he doesn't have his knees too
Thanks for all the recent RTs, , , and !
Just an eShop download.
Sits in system memory.
Pretty unnoticeable.
Thank you for Retweeting my quote!!!
Looks like you've got all the necessary equipment.
:
Did u know their is a unforgiving sin?
Eating some noddle but it not good as the real food...
Girls I suggest you follow .
So legit.
Boys, I suggest you stay away hahaha.
Use your mobile device to reach my mobile device via text of the message
no!
Turn that frown upside down!
:
I'm super fucking privileged.
Seriously.
But the Girls belong to a middle class that doesn't exist, at least as far as I know.
You only ask me to update your products when I open them and then you tell me they have to be closed ..
how is that supposed to work?
So many cute puppies!!
We got gold!
:
NY Jets send 4th round pick to Broncos for
RT I need to find me a wife so she can tell me not to eat such crap food, exercise more..
and fart less HAHA
Justintee1 is gorg c: I cant wait for
Hope my article for Fort Mill Magazine turned out alright for the Summer issue!
Stay tunned.
I Hate It When I Don't Understand Lyrics To A Song So I Just Mumble That Part .
Iran warns ArabLeague nations against supporting the Revolution in Syria against the Assad regime.
Wow.
That's the real deal.
Yikes indeed.
Tebowmania is out of control, even I admit.
...
but I can't get enough!
Done!
Preordered from California.
Good luck!
Thats really cool!
Thanks for your support for Austin!
I know it means the World to him!
:
oh, bed.
you are comfy.
I am starting to be concerned that my husband finds the shows on the Disney Channel really really funny
point and case they were also football players
Just finished Book 1 and cannot WAIT to start the 2nd : And Season 2 HBO starts in April!
Can't wait to see the BarkleytoMiami billboards.
haha its not all mine...and just about to be gone : x
you and everyone else
Whatcha working on???
The Leedom 2012 Buy Here Pay Here World Convention is just 2 weeks away.
Will you be attending??
We'll be there!
Tonight is the last night to see me in the sketchcomedy play OneNightStands Starts
Do you wanna look 10 years older than u are?
do u want your face to be all wrinkley?
well if u dont stop smoking fool.
Your very welcome !!
The only logical conclusion is that the entire archival enterprise is a failure.
Getting my hair did  The San Francisco Institute of Esthetics and Cosmetology...only 25 ya'll!
:D i love you too babygirl :
I didn't feel safe taking you to that one
Just woke up with a bunch of notifications from my baby.
Crazy how just seeing his name makes me smile!
not much, going home from a callback.
Going through Malibu...
Such a nice day!
:
Who wants to talk on the phone ?
banana bread is in th oven hopin it does not run over it will B close lol
Indeed is the master of the one question exclusive interview!
Mike, what's up?
Looks like the FireLeyland crowd/group is growing day after day in my opinion.
Fans need to chill out!!!
Just finished this long ass testt...
tweet, tweet.
tweet, tweet.
I am bad at twitter.
Imagine if the 2 Univ.
of Wisconsin students decided against having the baby,we would of never known Steve Jobs.Rest in peace.
awesome.
I was afraid you were going to say that.
or rather.
wish I was there.
I figured.
Been there done that.
hey another CG ME3 trailer lol i wish the game looked like that
Just ordered my first 2 shirts from !
Can't wait for them to arrive :
Bigger deal for their team?
Derrick Rose or Mariano Rivera?
Not sure what this is referring to, but I concur nonetheless.
RT : Nashville, Nashville, Nashville!
So...
A guy named World Peace just got suspended for a flagrant elbow to a guy named Harden?
you are AMAZIN!!!
i vote for you every weekend!
Your ganna go far in life!!
Feels so good to be home!
Nap time, Orlando for hhn this weekend was awesome!
worn out
I already know of a few people who got tickets today but who all got tickets to see the boys in KC?
Caitlin xx
Please say happy birthday to Lewie Merz in Detroit!!
Big Cub fan.
Former pear farmer from Oregon!
63 years old!
Where is the Maple Cafe?
didn't come up in a google.
I just want to say, look, go away entirely, will you?
I've hit the point where I just can't be bothered with people's dodgy inconsistency.
FLY BACK!
By the way, how's Faylin?
Gifted with a modernist sculpture, my grandson is pleased but puzzled.
How does it work?
he asks.
RyanKennedy Trend it!!!!
Fantastic talk today about healthcare and twitter
Been up all night vampire life.......
Just blew da breakfast blunt....
All cards ready for immediate shipment.
: are rustbeltbosses shaping the way you live and you don't even know it 
I like being alone because there's nobody to compete with and nobody to impress.
Just me.
It was indeed quite the evening, thanks to all involved...now, lots to chew on over the summer!
one or two used a grant.
One HS used Title funds.
I know you wanna change the world, but for the night please, just reach over and hit the lights please.
Who all going to coachella?
L.A.Flow!
Np Cashin Out!!
That's that song though!!!
:D
I love this city and it's people but why can't it be occupypleasanton ?
These helicopters are insane.
god gave me you for the ups and downs
Hmm...
A degree in software engineering could certainly produce programmers.
Question is would it produce good thinkers?
RT : A2.2 Why : Lists today are dumb HTML.
make those lists fun, social, collaborative, crowdsourced
That was my idea!
Ugh!
The 10th Deal of Christmas.
50 OFF SHIPPING.
FREE upgrades by NOON EST!
Use promo code 50SHIP10.
thanks a lot for tht last call cuhz now i cnt go bkc to sleep  damn
Thanks, !
Nice to meet you, !
ialwayswonderif we will ever be...
i changed my name and really a cyber beating BET U WONT :
inconsistent Price once again..
Humor can be effective for training, but difficult to write.
Get someone who is used to comedy.
Check out Comedy Sportz for help.
Great hoops discussion tonight at the dinner table, all in agreement that DDM is much better when ball screen is involved
We got that PMA.
watching Miss Universe :DD
Yaxis.
Stupid autocorrect!
WAIT.
It's back to back amazing race episodes tonight???
Too bad the killing.
I wish I didn't kare but I do, why bc I kome in the name of the most high!
was playing basketball
thnx for follow LL!
Last time I was your 1000th One.
Had an awesome writing session today.
6 new DJG songs and hopefully my first RAMMALAMMAJAMMA.
I'm gonna go doctornk a whole bottle of doctorgs now that my cat has come home
Training today at Delgado Community College in Louisiana  we are launching services for tax season at LA's largest community college!
awe 4real what u want us 2 bring
I miss the Metselaar's!
I'm new to this whole Twitter thing and don't think I'm doing anything right.
Carroll: From the point of view of data and results I think this is a better place to go.
A big thank u to all the new followers topFamEnt When ur ready to build ur brand/network/etc We got u!
410.513.9199
Taylor Gang or get your head stuck in an elephants anus.
But, on Monday, I am totally getting tickets for their show at Not going to miss that one.
It will be over b4 u know it!

Man or Muppet Should have been sung!!!
Cmte.
to elect a Republican Senate turns in recall challenges.
Say's all four senators are safe from recall.
Details on 27News at 5
J.cole 50 cent that whole g uint thing
I'll eat them too!
Wait, what?
I got 58 likes in my remember when status in 11 minutes ..
tuning in to the cuse game.
lets go orange!
haha one of my favorite design projects from college was to make a terrible website.
Kobe Nowitzki?
Oh great, we've combined my 2 LEAST favorite players.
Fantastic .
vaguely ominous business buzzword of the day?
I've been reading your short tutorial pieces  they're terrific, esp.
the ones on composition techniques.
Thank you for sharing!!
What was your favorite NCAA moment last year?
Any particular reason why they are chanting Dolphins suck?
I mean, they do.
But is there a reason why?
lol.
GOV may promote the general welfare, but has no direct role in saving anyone.
GOVT must provide defense against evil acts
miserable!
When I tell you, you will legit piss your pants!
lol whatever!
come back to sf  we can do a cheese and wine diet until December rolls around
I think there may be a bird or squirrel making itself at home in the chimney.
Lots of stuff appeared in the fireplace today.
Suggestions?
Very cool, you'll be totally addicted soon like I am, I'm barely ever without it!
I'm excited!
I will be in Oklahoma in less than 2 days!
Hey John sorry I missed you; hope you had a blast at T's Pub; we'll catch up with you soon at T's.
lol no doubt.
Selling it for a bike I think
Still there, indeed.
No comment on the dumps.
I concur!
Lets get it going now!
Taking a nice history test!
I'd give everything to get rid of this!
Welcome to Cleveland for the 2012
according to the DM you sent, someone is spreading nasty rumors about me and I need to click the link to find out who.
That's watts up!
Glad you got a chance to meet him.
Great day to be alive
I feel like all I'm gonna talk about now is this concert that changed my life.
OFF OF WORK ..
The Bruins are 792 in afternoon games this season.
Trail 32 to
: Farewell DC.
Headed home to carry on fight for victims of trafficking.
You haven't heard the last of me.
Jenny, rock on!
no u r
going to have a wildoctormpus at storytime today
Glad you made it.
Contributed a lot.
my guess was Albany,NY
Thanks.
It is intense but easier in a group setting.
We had 9 runners tonight.
Fight me den
any run is good, but a morning run is even better!
Coughing in the Coffin
How bout some love for a fellow AU Alum.
On my way home.
It's been a amazing adventure.
Trinidad, Barbados  Jamaica.
Jah Love!
Give thanks  praise;
You're welcome!
lol, thats ok w/all of us from here!
follow me back please: 3
I don't much like superficial interactions either.
I think I'm getting better at avoiding 'em but maybe I'm flattering myself :
You build threw the doctorft and.make moves during free agency that places pieces on your team
cheer up, buttercup!
You have my number if you need anything.
:
I thought you'd never ask.
attending Tony Robbins Unleash Power Within Event next week..
can't wait
Babies galore:
The steak at Moe's Southwest is, shall we say, chewy.
Jaws are getting a real good workout today.
ronpaul cut spending, no wasteful unnecessary wars, true change
good workout late lunch tho chilled beets, chickpeas, arugula, red onion, rice wine vinegar, braggs, olive oil, s/p, nooch, ground fennel
Because mortal men fall in love again as fast as they change their face.
We have about four hours left guys!!
:D:D
Research 2.0 ramping up nicely.
National Instrument putting on an aquipment filled demonstration.
I'm gonna do whatever I decide I want to do.
Point.
Blank.
Period.
note to self  AM meetings require caffeine
Join us on Facebook Butterfly Society of Virginia
Feel so fukin tired for sum other reason n shit man i wonder how voss is doin.
okay so I hate how the MTT this video is only tour footage like wtf
Not Woody Allen movies.
Oahkkaiiii text me when uu get back love yu julie :D
Thanks for reposting my work!
FABULOUS IM CRYING AGAIN
.
and I are passing through Chattanooga.
There is a disappointing dearth of choo choo.
sounds fun
ha!
No all good :
Hockey, hockey, hockey coming soon.
Can't wait.
Go Redwings!!
Ok someone has to explain the whole Shamma Hamdan thing to me.
Who's she  what'd she do?
it's funny because I'm the same age  love voting.
I know vote doesn't make big difference but votes not cast make no difference.
I'm gonna pretend that I didn't see that tonight would have been game 6.
No I'm not still sad about it.
What are you talking about?
:
Nice catching up with you at railsconf!
Keep in touch!
He is nice!
Thanks, he learned that from me!
Being w/ family makes you realize alot.
But now that I'm hangin w/ them its always that 1 empty space in all of us wishing Terrance here.
3
stop with the adorable sleepy eyes in class doctorving , , and into fits of laughter.
G'morning!
is such a nice person!!
My thoughts about celebs and their attitudes has totally changed!!
33
So excited for Friday and the weekend.
Jaming to what makes you beautiful in the car
I wish I could redo my high school years over again....
Restart all the eff ups I had made...
Guess that's Just a part of life tho.
2 for 1 FINK BOMB SHOTS today  tomorrow.
My favorite Lifetime movie is the one where the husband abuses his wife and she finally gets revenge and/or justice.
I'm at work early so I can go to the hospital later.
Dianna had restful night; might be all the painkillers they have her on.....She's OK.
If we dont change, we dont grow.
If we dont grow, we are not really living.Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.
Gai
A tweet up!
At the crack of dawn and what am I doing: WRITING!
I had an epiphany so I figured I better get to work!
human beings are fantasydoctorven creatures.
is a little bummed i missed watching Josh Beckett dominate the Yankees last night
I wanna just go home now...
I am so cold :
Chicken,Macaroni  cheese :
Way to go Nationwiders!
RT : raised over 1,400 in our silent auction for !!
I get pretty ecstatic and glorious when I think about the United States  its Christitution.
Sometimes I weep.
It's beautiful.
as matter of fact I was just on the horn about that, grrr RT you should tweet that you're closed at the Pearl due to a gas problem :
Str8LykeDes...
Making money when my eyes close....
Whats tha word?
I replied the other day.
Dang.
Shoot.
Lol :
If you have learned one thing from me; it is to find you, and do you.
Because it's not what you do, it's how you do.
Hope you get to feeling better quick!
Being sick with an upcoming trip is no fun!
darn, I had sensed a collaboration.
Double header and we win both!
Championships continue next week...
Love those shoes!
I always get compliments.
The discussion was Freshman not knowing, alarmed me!
RT : Depends on how old/young.
YouCantSayYouGrownIf If u r Always asking your parents 4 money all the time
My neighborhood is very rainbowy today.
would a one last kiss help?
kisses ur lips
A predictable CTA schedule is just too much to ask for...smh
LateNightConfessions I secretly admire the weather girls on a couple of LA Channels
OH: M as in Money.
What, Mary is no good anymore?
FYI I'm watching you on The Voice  you sound like Bittersweet Crap.
One bad thing about taking Friday off  playing catchup on Monday...
oh wait you already did!!:
What a fantastic opportunity!
professorssionalization and networking events are so important.
work is aright.
Trying to find a second job right now.
Less than 2 weeks away from The 87th !
Have a great Sunday!
Pretty Much, the only sorta creepy moment in doctoram Master is the Roach Motel scene!
This summer is going to suck
lol man, why?!!
we only had odds one day :
About to convince a Brooklyn broker that 'selfemployed writer' is actually the best financial bet they could make.
Protools just froze on me...
Hey, Walker, that'd be great!
I'd really like to see you.
Give me an email when it's closer to the time you'll be here.
Lemme check that again when I get home.
Come Down to PDX City Hall Events Declares the Proclamation of the Pacific NW Black Pioneers Exhibit with
thanks for the shout out :
You're just spot on with everything tonight.
Happy Mother's Day!!
It's tough to say what doesn't matter, though.
I like health services, LGBTQ groups, swimming pools, etc.
Not really
Incredibly, I think I may end up watching the entire first season of xfiles tonight.
I would like to come on your show and talk about what works when it comes to getting and keeping a job..
thanks.
I love diffusing cinnamon essential oils during the holiday season   
One more day!
Can't change me.
I swear im lactose intolerant ...
love caribou blend
Atlanta weather is crazy how it go from sunny to bout to storm
I'm not saying other countries are better  humans are seemingly cruel
where in Florida and how long?!?
Before you ask we already taped On Ellen tomorrow ;
i'm a fucking unicorn ,  fuck anyone who says i'm not.
Two PINK doctorNKS into the evening and I'm slurring my speech, slapping dudes etc.
Responded to FIRE  21806 103rd Ave., Queens, NY 11429 and helped 4 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
is the full study available anywhere?
I'd be interested to read it
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it Henry Ford
RT : Former Maryland QB Danny O'Brien is transferring to Wisconsin Badgers .
Good News!
Oh mister Player do you feel like a man now?
Awh haha how cute!
We got kicked out of every club we went to lmao that's probably why I didn't see you
I like to take this TIME to acknowledge and send a special prayer out to TRAVON MARTIN'S MOTHER on this DAY.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Snakes hate cell phones.
Happy today to eat Buffet with Great FriendsRestaurant was so busymore trays were empty than full yet I managed to stuff on my Favorites!
mobile has evolved  it's now it's own market.
Happy BDay girl...hope you have a great one!RT : Today is my BIRTHDAY!
And, I hope KETK Neal Barton got me a big ol' cake!
;
David Bell, sales development  training manager, Houston, TX, performance consulting  training
RT Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
I think, therefore I'm dangerous.
You and me, we are on the same page with this one.
Bones are for the birds.
Wait.
No.
SHIT
Wax Tailor is bomb.
Find best of the best, provide intensive training esp social voice, then empower, coach  recognize!
my mom is so exited about your CD coming out tonight.
Shes going to walmart at midnight to get her own copy.:
FF Student debt foregiveness would be a phenomenal stimulus
where did he grow up.
Name sound familar
thank you !: goodnight sleep well sweet doctorams:
Yes, I am Frank!
thx for welcome.
Glad to be back for a short while.
JT asked where he can get some magic beans.
He wants to meet a giant.
He also told me that HE owns our house.
Should I be concerned?
I have to get the new Kip Moore CD.
That's on tomorrow's agenda.
Know your telecomm trivia for tonight's Tavern Trivia!!
7:30 at Uptown, Lowry, Tech, Wash Park and Littleton.
Who wants to be on set for 12 hrs with someone they don't like?
RT Really good?
: Project X was funny af..
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!?
Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends  family 2 open ur presents!
Sleepy today.
Coffee is in my very near future.
If shes more then what I expected I might hav to change up wat I sayd
What type of seasoned personality do you have?
Try me.
All I need is your birthdate and the dob of your parents.
I'll give it a shot.
:
you'll make friends bring it on!
bestof2012 concerts included ...
Me too.
It's hardI'm constantly pacing
Kennesaw State University expects to top the 75 million goal of the its first capital campaign a full year ahead of schedule.
Thanks for your involvement, advocacy, and support!
is that for info on the fire??
hm....no more calamari for me.
Sick at home.
I hate being sick.
you kno i did doc
Call backs : im excited to learn the dance.
Good thing I packed sweats and jazz shoes ;
Breakfast at the Wheel with the wife.
Only a month til the baby pops out.
Hasn't hit me yet but I imagine it will soon.
you love anything that's dead...?
Uhm lmfao
gotta love clear skies  a forecast of 70 degrees for midNovember.
: Imnotmissingwinter
We've got something a little fun for you all coming in the near future 
Oh and band practice tonight with was radtastic!
Jonothan and I kill it as a rhythm section.
never let u go
Intelligence is within so show it off!
looks like 76ers will probably take game 2.
Hey buddy no worries on that brochure, we got it figured out!
See ya tomorrow
awesome.
I always need help.
This press conference etc will be set up like the UFC etc
Happy birthday to my favorite pike !!
It's ya birthday, see is will let ya lick the icing off.
Yep.
The early 90s html distracts from the fact there's good research material there.
Try having it as a last name!
Only good thing I got from my ex husband other than my daughter was a better last name!
:
We have shorted 2 stocks with bad earnings, AMZN  JNPR, and we have went long stocks with good earnings, FFIV and VMW.
It will professort!
Discussing the Delmon Young situation and the fallout to come for the Tigers.
2488481130.
I'll be seeing you, in all the old familiar places.
The Notebook  cleaning
Yikes!
It's roasting out here today.
That's my cue to retire the liquid foundation and break out the mineral powder for the summer.
can't wait for SNL to come on Tminus 40 minutes Denver time
Not hardly rr : That'll teach you not to jump in our convo!
is putting out a mixtape.
you're so purdy...
wassup Man who you ?
Often I prefer to watch the comcast on demand window that previews shows and movies versus any actual shows or movies
Thanks!
glad you liked it!
hope to meet you some day and have one with you.
Happy Memorial day to everyone!!!
lmfao, because he's a nice guy!
are you home already?
If by threeday weekend, you mean we're going to Groundhog Day it and repeat today over again...
If you're given an opportunity of a lifetime and you disrespect it go fuck you and your fake self.
Thanks for the follow !
Thanks to for the follow!
Text message appointment reminders is a great way to keep in touch with patiens and confirm appts.
We open at 5 with EVERYTHING 241 until 9.
MKE's Best Happy Hour?
Doesn't get much better anywhere!
At 9, Shawn Page brings the noise!
word: lucky Obama, fake Romney, crazy Newt, lost Perry, 16thCentury Santorum, who Huntsman, clueless Bachmann, unpasteurized
hey guys!
our website for tix is down!
working on it now!
what did Cole say about JR ?
I missed it !
Thanks Lena!
I believe in the magical power of the WIP too, as long as it isn't an evil sprite in disguise!
:
me too??
hahaha ;
That was the stupidest doctorss that I ever saw Ivanka wear she looked awful
Home from shopping : got a new mic so I can Skype again :D
lol there was no space in the cabinet had to put it somewhere
Imagine the outrage if women tried to tell men what to do with their bodies.
Call me oldfashioned, but stones look great in any living room  and should always be arranged in circles whenever possible for M'tudukk.
CJ can't go for steal on that play, he was the last line of defense, Watson playing bad in every way
Liberty is the breath of life to nations.
George Bernard Shaw
Happy New Year!
: Whadaya think of this?
Homeless Hotspots, SXSW: Controversial Company Selling 4G Access in Austin
Here's a trivia question...
How many professorssional sports teams share the same name???
JUST FEEL LIKE SPREADING MY LOVE ALL AROUND...
;0
...your missing the whole point of life.
Praise God!' Dennis Moreland
Thanks all Party Bus Riders for a successful weekend!
We have limited availability next weekend so don't wait to book your event!
4472446
is back to doing actual work
Girl, stop lookin at me like that RIGHT NOW.
plus U ain't cute.
Aloha Friday.
I totally earned you this week.
Watching One Direction on iCarly 3
Follow us in October and you could win a free tank of gas!
Random doctorwing on 11/1 for a 50 gas card.
Fred Thompson and Fonzie are on reverse mortgage commercials just before dawn, when compromised credibility gets cablecast.
That was a pretty nice game.
Read Extremely Loud, Incredibly Close....one of the best books I've read
Chicago,IL need females for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 200 dollars.
I'm still hot.
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of Earth Day!
What's everyone doing to appreciate ABQ's amazing natural beauty?
Awesome!
Thanks for stopping in this morning!
No person, male or female, can deny that they have never masturbated before in their life.
You know you lying when you say that.
And to Spring Lee for gathering the group!
Go AEBP 2009!
has swonderful manners.
The 3.21 team ERA doesn't mean shit if the Bucs can't score 3 runs in a game.
I'm a youth pastor.
My king tut baseballs are going to Cairo with the Tut exhibit!!
If you're successful, you win false friends and true enemies.
SUCCEED ANYWAY.
guess what guys?
The lights won't be on till 3am.....
awesome.Thank you Terre Haute.
: its 5am McFaddens nights I'm going to miss the most  We wont miss you
please come to CHICAGO!!
i would do w.e to go see your video even if i have to skip school lilcrazyforlilcrazed:
I've been reading about it.
Amazing!
RT: I'll Have Another wins and every frat guy gets richer.
S/O to , You're my sparring partner!!: You're hilarious and you're really mean to me: And you need to text me soon!:
I got ya sis b safe out here .
We love random acts of kindness!
Thank you for playing but you must be a MI resident to win the
hey nobody is perfect right?
A timer is a good thing.
Everyone needs a chance to regroup.
what u need bro
Lobster  Pearl Diver are 2 of our teachers' favorite apps too they've evaluated all math  reading apps for elem
my doctoram place 3
Excellent  Glad it went well!
Trade shows can be a lot of fun when it's about the folks you meet!
When I was 4yrs old, my favorite game to play in the bath was Ed Grimley.
I bet you're right :P
I'd love to write a piece in an hour for instruments that I don't know in advance  bring it on!
Sadly my current U.S.
based organization tries very hard to force the U.S.
culture on other geographic locations.
On my way back to dickson!
Thank god BC I hate hickman it makes me sick to my stomach
yeah lol I waved at u I flipped her off cuz she cut me off
MAHOMIE RIGHT HERE!
If ur a mahomie then go follow :D
Life's too short, you love who you love  my grandmother
Cool let me know where you'll be at....
The DFL sucks.
Minnesota needs the Vikings.
Remember how long it took Pro hockey to return?
It cost a new stadium anyway!
I hate when an ice cream craving is ruined upon the freezer door opening ...
I can appreciate that POV, but I don't share it.
I do think they're kids.
That's what I love about them.
Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness.
lost 1.8 pounds since his last weighin!
He's lost 10 pounds so far.
Hey make it up to us by returning 200 and meet us in New Orleans, Packer Nation is a family, we love you all.
Cept Jermichael.
Not pleased with how 2011 went, so I'm throwing away that calendar and getting a new one with better goals printed on it.
PUSH.TO.START.
For now on If u like manga continue following this acount But if u like everything else is say follow
Dese NFL network people is on tom bradys dick thy ben talkn bout him n da patriots since idk how long
Don't see how people are still celebrating the game outside by porch doctornking/screaming/starting chants doyougotoschool?
Too young for marriage, but too old for games.
Ugh...studio moves suck.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
what time does second start?
why would I be mad at you??...I was on break from work it just happened
You've got that right!
Any Excel experts out there?
PS: President Obama, Ron Paul and even myself have a few things in common.
It happens.
It should.
try quikfire grille at the mall
Pizza and coffee is a dish best served cold.
he just doesn't get the hint, smh.
Who else is in Love with Rob Dyrdek?
I know I am:
So this is what it feels like?
What?
To know there's no hope?
No, to be the only one in the world that knows there still is.
did lee die?
I hope Austin never changes.
Because boy you're amazing, just the way you are.
Ok so her daddy just gave her the she's a nice person speech  told her that she will be seein me a lot.
She just gave him the WHATEVER LOOK
I hate Bob Dylan.
He can't sing and his songs are terrible.
don't understand why people constantly forward me emails to which they have subscribed.
If I wanted them in my inbox, I'd subscribe.
The Greek government is trying got help the EU save German and French banks that loaned them money.
This is contrary to Greek interests.
I am home from work and didn't want to call in case Eli is sleeping...call me when you're ready for me to get him!
i will never question your commitment to sparkle motion.
Congrats  if only I could deliver in person!
Any ideas on a charity or student group that you'll help with your 100 winnings?
Hi!
Not much of a golfer.
I hit every once in a while, but definitely need some more practice.
How often do you play?
shimmy shimmy yah shimmy yam shimmy yay
Thank you to Ray Kurzweil for inspiring and scaring me at the same time.
So ready for this IB exam tomorrow..
can't wait to sleep in!
Day one complete.
uh...
yeah.
and nope...
Im not in the mood to do 2 hours of math :
just like Brennan
we'll see!
Thank you for the FF Mary.
mister President  Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid we sedn to other countries to help with our deficit?
What area r u usually in?
RT :  Sad, we're only in this area for the day.
We'll be on the lookout around town.
Whoa!
Full on Double Paycheck in my mailbox!
it's soo beautiful.
OMG OMG OMG What does it mean??
So beautiful sniffle
gotta love frames of reference.
doctoreeves actually sounds like a great name for a bond villain.
Happy Fat Tuesday, Mardi Gras, Pczki Day, or whatever you call it
At the end of the day my boy's happiness is all I'm worried about
Trust and belief are two prime considerations.
You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.
James Dean
I'm going to go out over lunch  try to find him.
Can you take all the benches in Brewer's Hill?
I'll start in the Harbor.
Alright so apparently tonight is let's make Serena feel bad night.
Would anyone else like to add to it?
Me too!
: Thanks for sharing!
No word yet on itinerary for keynote speaker during his RIT commencement visit May 25.
this is why we are soulmates...
I do the same thing
The closer I get to any kind of holiday, the harder it is for me to concentrate b/c I'm thinking of all the cooking and entertaining
It sounds fun but I have no Man right so I'm back to the old fashion way lol
A virgin to that money, a virgin to the fame.
So this my only chance, so when I'm over only pray
Only one I like right now is Charlie.
Aw so cute, yes it's hard to find good  trustful friends.
it does......its getting better.....but still .....
the head is throbbing
Hey everyone my account has been hack some Jack rabbit had nothing else to.
Plz do not open anything from me in the next few days.
Sorry.
I've been great!!
and my day is going fantastic!!
: How are you!??
hehe love it!
vsa2011 benefits of video ethnography records to share with colleagues,build capacity for ongoing critical appraisal,potential to transform
I used to leave out here, about 10yrs ago.
I will spend pretty much the whole time in a classroom :
y do they say practice makes perfect but still no one is perfect?
She was stabbed with the washington monument?
1.do you like blondes 2.
Favorite store 3.most embarrassing moment 5.whens our wedding; 3 6.
Would you cover Mac miller?
that's funny!
Haha:
Thank you for the new EP My soundtrack for the day.
Why are 's analytics now always 3 days behind?
Makes it impossible to accurately monitor and act on an individual video's views.
you dont know what's in store but you know what youre here for
Tyrese  Nothing on you
: I need to put a record out in the 1st quarter of 2012.
Word.
Well, hopefully we'll see you in soon.
2 school then work
Quote of the day: sheeaht!
Girl!
I ain't gonna marry that man!
He can keep that motherfuckin rang!
we need a lot more intermarriage and a lot more mixing before this will be a color blind society but we will get there one day
If it was an overnight success, it was one long, hard, sleepless night.
Dicky Barrett
I speak only from my heart, no time for frontin !!!
I.e., civic investment in a comm.
sports enterprise is itself a nec.
condition of continued enlightened boosterism; not of sporadic, though.
Today's writing goal: Edit Part 1 of Cold Rock, 8,000 words.
Brewing coffee now.
:
HIGH FIVES
I know sorry to hear that.
Follow/DM so we can investigate.
Q5: Make sure getting a Master's degree is what you want.
Ask yourself how it can benefit you and your future career.
I have a fireplace in my room.
Ladies?
Welcome Mesa and Fort Wayne
I count any day I don't make an ass of myself as a win.
What up twitter niggas?
Thank you Derek.
Hope to see you at Convio12.
Thank you!
Little Buddy is missing Your Buddy/Big Buddy on Little Buddy's birthday though!
I tried to with ddwrt...
and also failed.
Would be curious if you find anything.
aww, shucks!
Glad you found it useful.
My panelists rocked it
We have seven people squished into the studio tonight.
We're all sitting on top of each other, more or less.
u got him spoiiled  zay gon luv em dm me ur number so I can call when in coming to get em!
U think I'm playin
Childish Gambino is the
It's a mathbased cartoon.
Not too horrifying at all.
Just toddlerific.
:D
Headed to the Edge public access tech benchmarks session PLA12  10:15.
Check them out and tell the crew what you think in room 116.
I let mine lease w an option to buy.
Still plenty of time to get to the Wynn Poker Room to join our noon tournament.
140 buy in.
Sign up until 1:40 pm.
HRTrainingPortal.com  Training at 51 or more per person  10 per month, 3 month min.
Title, URL/Email links, 80 words, searchable.
shes followed and i did have a good christmas and wbu?
holy shit.
best.
ever.
Following food trucks on twitter is a bad idea when you don't work near them.
Do you have a franchise story to share?
Come on Tebow!!!
he a fool Loooovvveee it....
THE REAL HUSBANDS OF HOLLYWOOD
Still in bed sick :
Does it have to be someone other than yourself?
Running a test and not seeing index after 30 min.
I did but he got some bangers on this shit he has a song with like every rapper shit goes in
Told my dad.
He just said okay.
Hope he gives me the money.
Imma ask tomorrow  on the 29th....
Arrrgh!!!!
Come on Tar Heels....
You are tripping!!!
Shyt!!!!
Took second in the criterium today!
And I got the Prime, I think that's how you spell it...
I walked today
you in the mirror or something
Literally the best song hahahah.
lol i can totally picture him in granny pants..LOL
My cats are fucking retarded
He's basically holding the whole Bellagio high limit section hostage.
It's pretty funny.
Are you talking to me?
They call me mister Pig !
Did you know?
There are 1,148,100 firefighters protecting people and property in the U.S.
Nearly 700 of those are Las Vegas' own!
So long, Peyton.
We hardly knew ye.
The view of Juarez is great from here, wish you could see it.
In other news, Miss Wolff  I have much to discuss with you.
it's because I wasn't there right.....
where do we go now opens in LA today.
Directed by the beautiful  talented Lebanese actress/director
hahahah no he just walked past us and he kept looking at me like omg...
just ate like a fat cow :
Starting the Sea Caves tour at La Jolla Kayak!

WE AINT MAKE IT THIS FAR FOR NOTHING ...
TIME TO PUT ON.
you can do it RYAN!!!!
Keep staring.
It was well deserved.
yeah.
I just wish their master plan would keep its paws off other people's content.
Take Howard Stern and mix him with the guys from Jackass and Workaholics and you get these guys  Abe Lincoln check it out
Honestly my favorite part about everything so far was our sand castle competition Lolz we totes won 
Avoid hangovers: stay doctornk.
of course!that's the best gift!
laundoctor, only palatable with lots of coffee, from the coffee shop ...
none of this make my own ...
DontSay 'Money Over Bitches' When You Don't Get Girls  You're Always Broke.
Stupid Ass.
Here's a good question no one is asking: who the hell is Bob Hohler?
The new Mike Barnicle?
Everyday is a money day
is content restricted to EUonly IP addoctorsses?
I'm in the US and would love to view content here.
Cheers!
I will be on Good Morning America  Health on Monday, 2pm  5:30 pm see link below:
yeah...
I agree.
But people are always talking about hows he's the nicest guy in baseball
: To those who say the One Direction fanbase is mostly made up of 810 year olds...
Have you even SEEN the perverted jokes?
When my boyfriends sick i feel like dkdinedidnusndow4/jdkheusj : my poor grumpy boy
cybernetic monster from an imaginary world
I don't think it is possible for me to have found more places to hide money in my clothes last night.
Fake people will wish you the best as long as that benefits them ...
Fill in the blank: The Detroit Tigers are playing like .
: Saying Beer can with a British accent sounds like Bacon with a Jamaican accent.
that really teue
DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray.
doctorjack Shepherd thats what i'm talking about
Our new LA News Group Prez Jack Klunder on transition to DigitalFirst: It's going to get harder
LMNL allows arbitrary structured annotations over ranges of text.
Marked up in the same kinds of structures as the text.
I would go for that!
I wish I could go back in time!
:
RT : Today is one of those wonderful kind of bright, gray, damp, cool, fragrant days I'll always remember Houston by.
Thank you for your courage to speak up.
Why are all girls crazy, taken, not interested, or ugly?
Wishing all of you a blessed Ash Wednesday.
Today God Has A Plan For Me!
Is featuring the Legendary Lena Horne, Dancer, Singer and...
Keep Voting!
RT Get ready for a special announcement from on our morning LC News this Thursday and Friday.
Please follow :
Transportation and industrial equipment make up the majority of U.S.
exports.
Hey chica, I am good just enjoying this spring time weather!
Enjoy the rest of the day;
sounds like a neat class :
..Cleaning the Studio....
WOW!
and I thought my Underwear was dirty....
Whew!
Thank you.
Hope you're well and I like your bio message.
Me and Dante on the After After Party show at the Wool Warehouse!
Sick shit
To be clear.
My retweets are endorsements, but I won't say what for.
Seriously One Syllable Word is so catchy!
Can't stop listening!
:
Job board client asks for 12 book covers for 50, reporting that her current provider has doctorpped off the face of the earth.
Sigh.
Using the phrase Everything happens for a reason nonironically probably means you've given up on critical thinking.
RT : Programming note: I will be on motorama this evening to join the crew parsing my views on the Dart Stay tuned!
Derrick Rose...MVP!
Damn right!!!
thanks for the tweet and the link to the L'Hote piece.
It was a fantastic and smart read.
Good to meet you.
Well, it's a funny thing .
.
.
and now that you ask, an observation I probably should have kept to myself.
Sorry.
:
Great!
Thanks!
I'm following you now, but I can DM you only if you are following me.
Thanks again!
Our rooster has moved across the street.
Apparently, there is a hot chick over there.
turntoyou is one of the best songs you have ever written.
i love you3
Ever wish you could stop being a pimp?
Me neither.
Check out our indiegogo page!
Okayy here it goes...
will you please be my date too homecoming?:
Well I gotta eat....
this is my avi because nonviolent cannabis arrests are truly asinine so one could say its a protest of sorts.
RecessionProof Your Job: Start with Common Courtesy
Ima help you up thea, just gotta work for it bruh.
I feel like a reference librarian today, first time in a long time.
Many faculty and student questions about publishing and copyright.
COOL.
James Welling's exhibition Geometric Abstraction opens this evening at Regen Projects
Ejaculation occurs in the genital organs, whereas orgasmic sensations, being related to the genitals, are mainly a cerebral ...
If you think you're better than anyone sorry to tell you but your not you're just fake
Sign up for our email bulletin by sending an email to with Subscribe in the subject line!
Ugh I can't wait for The Hunger Games.
Awesome!
Not only do we have football team at our event in Feb, now the team will be there too!
Back at ya Neil!
my boyfriend is so cool
Follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google for security
Putting on some sweats and calling it a day.
Anyone else think is sexy?
Leased Lines  Hosted Systems  Business broadband  Mobiles  Calls  Lines  ISDN ...and more!
Call me for more info on: 01636 642 496
It is better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
Chinese Proverb
NexGen Storage has new offices, things must be looking up
Carine Roitfeld to Stage a Fashion Show of AllBlack Outfits at Cannes: Her curated collection including labels li...
They say 1 in 10 people lives next to a pedophile.
Not me,I live next to two gorgeous 12 year olds.
good morning  realized my friend took like 10 pictures of me when I wasn't looking and put them on facebook.
ok.
Ignores phone call  texts friend You called?
If you only have 200 followers why do you have 40,000 tweets?...what the hell!!
The Fans are Rockin and Rollin at the Furman Football Game!
Referred away 3 shoots today.
All interesting too.
Oh well, I'm thankful to be busy.
I think we gotta link up through fb to follow eachother on spotify.
Lemme check...
I need a doctornk!
whoa did you attend or just have a patch?
Awesome either way!
u want me 2 doctorve over there in mi invisible boat mobile
If you can dance, you can love.
And if you can love, you can do other shit
Tonight the Holland Dobbins Little Big Band Christmas jazz program with special CD give away!
It's never too early for ice cream!
:
sometime I feel like given up and say light my boy said f the world
The easiest way to those achievable doctorams, in which no doubt
Today is Bike to Work Day...Fuck your reflectors, keep yall asses on the sidewalk.
Look forward to seeing you, Nikki!
: Congrats to and on making the USA select team!
WeAreUK That's my boys!
I want to kill everybody in the world.
BUT I DON'T HAVE A DIARY GABBY I WAS BEING SARCASTIC OHMYGOD and you're calling me a dumbass
Tonight at 10!
CANOPIES, Halfletters, Union Pulse, Andoctorw
oh maybe!
Haaha I'm not sure.
Lol that names funny...
Not as funny as today in science though!!
Haaha!
HAHA!
HIS little sister!
Im a boy you silly girl!
Burnhams Lil Dude thats me!
Whatever you cross, Whatever your pain, There will always be sunshine after the rain
for Crying Out Loud, newsweek and tinabrown: consider th consequences of your sohigh school/tryGtobedifferent decisions.
Be responsibl
re g; beats hell out of twitter  fb mate; early adopters even in our tiny fleet verticals already ;
this is true!
Lind: the American South was the Saudi regime of the 19th century.
I am the new water frisbee champ as of this evening.
Yay for me.
Thanks for following new friends
Margaretha, thanks for following us, we are following back!
Have a good night.
u guys should make a porno
My pleasure, always.
The historic home of is now on twitter!
RT if u want a followback :
when's senior ditch day?
Breaking Twitter silence to say OMG IT SO NICE OUTSIDE!
My husband probably feels your pain.
My older son and I are both ADHD.
I hear we can be tricky to live with lol!
I signed up for an account :
I grew up in LV, KS; know the power of tornadoes and local journalists.
Thanks for the follow!
You always seem to be very informed to me...I am betting you will find out.
thanks buddy, getting old!
lol....shut up!
I think we are I will let you know by 2:00pm.
Is that to late?
Have a happy Friday!!
I'm at Subway getting a bacon, egg  cheese flatbread.
I was asked if I wanted bacon with that.
You just gave me college flashbacks
They weren't THAT bad...
were they?
Lolz
Attn Members: Scammers are posing as FCCU to obtain your personal info.
Remember  we'll never contact you asking for personal info
ayy i need more followers
RT happy bday to u 2 days from today and me today
Can I just be home already?
I want my summer to start!!!!!!!
and I really just want a hug from a certain someone.
HurryUpSummer!
activateNYC12, check my blog post on how stopSOPA protest in Jan.
was biggestever day of traffic  engagement on our site.
Family  where life begins and love never ends.
This is my 2800 tweet
lmao I totally forgot about that movie
Soon as 10 o'clock hit I'm clockin out and jettin outta this bth
You Are So STUPID WOW
hahahahah you crazy
wait, what?
more info!
you keep doctornking your bottled water imported from france.....doctorught is the word they use before they tell us its empty
Thanks for the RT, Ernie!
Happy Friday!
More than happy to man!
yes we did :
Today I was offered fulltime at GameStop, but I love the hell outta Taco Bell
My ma needs to make this food run.
I'm starved
Reaching out for something.
Damn my 14 year old cousin is crazy at shuffling and all that techno dance thing lol
Had to start my day off with some
.
received over 500k in campaign  from the entertainment industry now she's their PIPA puppet
Graduation is may 12 so close yet so far
WHERE ARE YOU
Thanks to The stephenking Project, I'm becoming more  more comfortable in this King section of the store.
FF Dads make all the difference:
wishes everyone a Happy Chanukah!
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  19
I am really liking the sound of Buckeye, Arizona right now.
Sounds promising!
RE: Venice flat: when you do finally move, we'll be neighbors!
Night with my favs darts, the monkey and smiles.
Ok will do
Region Championships begin tonight in the Bluegrass...
Best of luck to all teams!!!
I get money to kill time
i love your all's music: ur amazzing
what, you don't get enough attention from your mom while you're living in her basement?
lol bye.
The functions of intellect are insufficient without courage, love, friendship, compassion, and empathy.
Dean Koontz
I love doctorzzy!
I wish he was the one I was goin on a date with this weekend.
haha
: Why Do people think everything is real are people retarded seriously vampires do exist!
i meant dont
JMS220 What did boxer Manny Pacquiao say the reason was for his lessthanperfect fight against Shane Mosley?
MT : Q2: Some of the proposed leg from Congress could take us backward.
We must cont.
advocating for
I'm not bigtime like heard the crib the super nice though...
Happy for you and the wifey!
event's official twitter account says i can stop by, so probably 4ish.
glad i checked in on tweets.
We really want you do debut our new single, Bang Bang.
Let's chat!
Tornados to the south of me, blizzards to the north....and wicked crazy thunderstorms in the middle.
Is mother nature on crack?!
.
no problem, anytime you need a cheering section we're the girls to call.
Tough game tonight, we'll get them next time.
Spamming you.
Finna go out with the godparents!
Totally baffled by the DNA helix.
Sunday night?
I'll B there Mike Ladd
If you judge people, you have no time to love themMother Teresa livebyjohn15:12
OMG!
Coffee out of my nose!
:D
Open from 8:3011a and today will be here at 11a to see our homeless community members in need of services
nope she still at work
I remember you still!
: miss you too!
What's been up?
:
dammit...now you know we're all gonna have to do that now too right?
Tonight at Bnai Or at Newton Theological  playing again with Shefa Gold  a night of chants  visit www.hebrewchant.org  for details.
How are you :!
You're welcome.
You're one of the resources I link to on my site.
Have a great weekend.
columbus hiring contracttohire CNC Programmers in Columbus OH.
email resumes to
Truth deserves zero credit for saving Detroit.
He favored forcing bankruptcy
Wonders how Mississippi is voting today!!!
They don't want to work!
They just want to be Given!
Med Pizza w/100 WI Mozz  2 tops, xtra tops 1.49ea, 5.99 p/u dinein or delivery.
Print coupon at Pizza Shuttle's Facebook page for deal.
they aint got it dawg no way they beat clips or okc in a 7gm srs
You are the only person that can make my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.
Between 16  20 M bicycles sold in US every yr.
More than all cars/light trucks sold in USA combined.
Vegan 101 series took home 3 awards last night at LA Web Fest.
Outstanding Sketch Comedy Series.
I Check Ur Songs Out Bro Thats Joint HOT!
U Need To Do Some With It
Excited to head to to see
ok just working.
How's da fam
What's your top client priority this week?
Tell everyone and it will happen
hm...
better than Alpine's pulled pork with coleslaw sandwich?
Research is needed.
ready for my boy cee lo!
I just saw the family.
All that matters is where the fun is.
Path really scares me.
That's a little too much information letting people know how long I sleep: No matter how close a friend
What disease would you eradicate if you could?
I almost molded from twitter not working
Same here fam!
Ya'll gotta hit it up down here...
It's crazy here
we look forward to your submissions!
Keep writing and read often.
It's apparent that PhilIvey has tweeted for the 1st time since BlackFriday  In memory of Poker legend Amarillo Slims passing 
Making a 69 in math
I need a job ASAP!!!!
Imma bout to catch a Case on my birthday.
Cuz my momma is gettin on my fuckin nerves before 7 am.
Im supposed to be still sleep!
The Office!
For shame
Bush  Cheney used 9/11 to demagogue us into a Trillion Dollar War.
You'd think they'd let mister Obama have a little ad.
Yeah, I figured that wasn't enough notice for you.
: Sorry!
If it was though, I wanted to make sure you knew!
That they take their menial job way too seriously?
jealous.
Bring those boys to Nashville sometime.
Please....?
Just had a lady at SFO tell me I had to put my laptop in my bag to get in the security line...only to have to take it out in security.
Eh??
Luxury!
Sounds good.
Hoping to be there by the end of the month.
I expect to celebrate with sushi.
muahahaa RT wish I was there for the awesome hour, but I'm stuck in the lab doing mad science!
When we act in the world and regard others with love and compassion, we encourage life to flourish.
Both for ourselves and others.
Really enjoying Rick Perry's version of The One That Got Away.
Oh, wait...
sorry.
I guess that was Katy Perry singing.
My error.
yea :/ well hopefully things will get better
Is this your new page....follow me....
nice 4.3s...check your sources from a couple hours ago.
Happiness is only real when shared.
You know you have a one track mind when Da Brat is trending and you think of tailgating.
How long are you going to be in Barcelona?
Blessed 1,000 of sweet sweet taxreturn!
Jack in the Crack is on me tonight!
ha!
Love it.
Such a simple task that seems so hard for many.
How goes the wedding planning?
What do I need to prepare?
Do I need to buy a flight and make hotel reservations?
You get fifteen democrats in a room, and you get twenty opinions.
Senator Patrick Leahy
edge is silly
RT : Join us Twitter  participate in FoodieChat We have so much fun talking Foodie  making friends
We're back Podcasting tonight folks.
Look for 2 shows from us this week!!
guys!
tweet at this amazing fella, and ask him to feature Goodbye Coastline in the Substream Random Awesomeness section!xoxo
would you rather apply for super awesome tech guru or electronic resources coordinator?
trying to write ad to fill my old job.
don't forget
.
great concept, look forward to checking out your app and I know a few people who could help expand to upstate NY
that is hilarious!
Really What Happened...
Lighten Up My Night!!!
good morning!!!
hey , why would you black me out of a game playing on ESPN when the whole reason I have mlb TV is THAT I DONT HAVE CABLE TO BEGIN WITH?!
ohh : wanna talk about it??
And I'm great;

hope you had a fun weekend.
Thx for stopping by :  sorry about D.Rose.
Lunch in the caf at NatGeo as we set up for the specials today on the Gulf Oil spill  hour 2 with Silvia Earle  Enric Sala on the Oceans
heat bro you would hurt feelings out there.lol
Preach on brother...
breakfastburritoinbed
Another 1/2 hour till my train.
I'm always too early.
Better than being late though!!
Jesse Stay author of Google for Dummies says when you're designing products on the web, think how u can bring people in
Getting ready to boot up to Windows8  fingers are crossed
ehh same ol same ol.
lol.
u?
love ya too!
got some new heat for the site..Dm
I Waz a thug this Halloween and stole some candy aint shit ironic punks!
hppy Halloween
Prolly the usual knee grows lol
I only fuck with those who fucks with me.
You don't want all your inbound links looking the same, because that looks like automation  something Google frowns upon
Bitch ill Fuck Yo Hole Crew Just To Get Over You
they do!!
Got my first paycheck from the new job today.
Feels good to have a little room to breathe, financially speaking.
It's Friday!!!!!
Try our chorizo burger w/ lettuce, tomato, poblano, avocado, cheese and Coa mayo or one of our other delicious specials!!!!
Sluts on twitter are so entertaining c: they warm my heart
Pick 20: Sir Circumference and the doctorgon of Pi by Cindy Neuschwander
Microsoft, mortgages and the Net.Mortgage Technology: Reachin...
That professorle you posted was from an era when reporters got to write stories longer than 25 inches!
Jen Davies rocked it.
Stay tuned for another Juarez video.
so...
whats up with ya?
Debating I can be that amazing Me?
What's between you and your best self?
same here
me too.
: Funny, before Roger's red, I was thinking that Espinoza has controlled himself considerably well this season.
Today's musical motivation: Some 'intelligent trunk music' by Making me wanna go super hard..cuz the bass is banging..hard..
Half way home!
Spring break!
I did Miranda in my 1st play of ME2 but lost Jack during suicide mission.
Romanced Jack on my insanity play of ME2.
an American werewolf if Paris?
Shh Morgan freeman is speaking
That's exactly why I resisted.
It's like wearing legwarmers; I already did it the first time, and that was enough.
that's a good thing, lol.
you know where i'm buying a villa, if i win ;
Whatever.
I'm done.
I did mean all those things I said though, iloveyou still.
no.
I'm not a good fit for that job....
thank you for asking...
the championship is beautiful, but the game is ugly.
Thanks for the ReTweets!
and
RT : We knew that our thrift store interns from Beit T'Shuvah were talented, but who knew they could sing, rap and......
I cant wait for austin to move to miami.
Ill be spending a good portion of my summer there because of him;
Today was my 2nd day and I already want to quit
Invention is easy, distribution is hard.
Sometimes the hardest part of helping others is getting them to want to help themselves.
Mitt Romney and Ron Paul two man race???
It downtown Tosa this morning?
Stop by and see !
We sure appreciate his AM live shots today.
Saw that was having a Derby event and thought of you!
Did you end up deciding to throw party or not this year?
I signed up for the webinar under the name Carter Pewterschmidt It's possible I'm the only one that may find that humorous.
How's everyone doing today?
I am working on a lot of new music videos, follow my personal twitter and let's talk!
Daylight Savings makes us lose an hour.
Its just like checking Twitter.
we got the bad weather out of the way yesterday.
Arlington TX 0 chance of rain friday.
let me see u wobble!
so u just gone get down on me!
I've been PUNKD!
Why u get down on me I was on some real nigga shit!
it happens much more than you think, including about five minutes ago
You rap?
Or are you just joking?
Hey Griswold, where you gonna put that tree?
Why don't you bend over and I'll show you...I wasn't talking to you
He's Mi Lighter To Mi Cigarette
Happy Thanksgiving to all the singers/songwriters.Be grateful 4 having the gift to compose,to sing,to have music in your life.
Music is Love
So far Hattie McDaniel, Whoopi Goldberg, Halle Berry, Jennifer Hudson, Mo'Nique,  now Octavia Spencer.
yes damn them
A million times yes.
ThingsWomenWant: Someone they can trust.
Without trust there is no relationship.
Trust is the foundation.
Word RT : 2012 playoffs has been horrible for injuries.
Even a generous doctorg treatment stay costs 30,000 LESS than an average term served in an Illinois prison.
Never thought I would be working on finishing my message with Lightning McQueen yelling in the background
we'll see what happen with time.
What happened to bowling tho?
Deep in the metaphorical woods of a work project.
Tweets will be light until the weekend.
how are ya?3
Sweet !!
Make some videos lol
FF Good luck with Season 3 of
oh lol damn how did you get 1.5k?
To my friends and followers on Twitter, will now be known as
You Would'nt mind If Me and Your Son Went Out, Right?
LOL
Come to Mobys in Fells Point tonight for
In film, Shutter Island, anagrams were clue: Edward Daniels, Andoctorw Laeddis / Rachel Solando, Dolorus Chanal; 'Teddy'/67!
Firefighter Recovering From Heart Surgery Survives Home Invasion Scare  NBC4 Washington
Happy holiday everyone F one last rodeo
now the Stripper is passed out in my bedim trying2figure out which of my neighbors lawn to doctorg her2.prolly
JuliaJulia time w/my love 3
more coffee this morning at MGS ...but we should switch to tea!
Healthier and keep teeth clean :
Should women get their own wines?
Brad from our team is at NETA12 today!
What session are you most looking forward to?
Thank you, Carol, for helping get the word out...and get the Word out.
I am grateful!
Blessings to you.
Jason Bonham should be shot for that remix of Black Dog.

Ohh Haha .
Yeaa It Is .
Every wednesday.
I Was too .
How Yours Look ?
Are you on campus already?
i replied
psh.
Ha see ya next year girl scout
right?
And there's a liiiiiitle part of me thaat buys it!
Arg!!
Regular walking is one of the most effective forms of physical activity that delivers substantial health benefits and improves heart health.
Sebastian Junger is on book tour  our review of his latest, WAR is available now.
Is peace possible?
www.thecurrentreader.com
If you get complemented on your balls, your shorts are to short.
Now it's time for
Super Mystery Jackpot clue: The artist's name is an example of alliteration , the pot is now 95 sing at karma or irish knot tonight to win
Time: Heals  Reveals.
And what would a ranger know of this matter?
Playing some rocky rolly music Friday at the with Poly/Western.
Special guests and doctornk friends will join me on stage.
It's Friday, ya bastards!
ROWING: Riverview39;s 2012 Hebda Cup sweep includes another overall title
got tossed out of practice for showing up late.
it's wed, when all the schemes get put in for Sun.
too.
not the day to roll in late
My brain has been on stupid mode 4 the past year working at that club.
Seeing the effects today.
Hopefully that'll change.
do I need to do anything to buy presale tickets?3
Sounds great!
We can get it done.
Follow us so that I can DM you my email and start goin' over what you want to have done.
I did something nice for someone I don't like for all the right reasons....WHY DON'T I FEEL GOOD ABOUT IT???
Did you get a chance to sign up for the Hackathon on June 9th?
Such a busy day today but in such a good mood!
Mets are the only team in baseball without a steal this year.
My art teacher kept telling me all about the Navy during class!
Be safe you woman!
: is so humble that humble pie must be renamed humble bakeshow pie.
Follow him
bet you won't
Missed today, about to watch it now.
I know it won't be as fun without all the uppers providing conversation
MIAs seem at ease w role in making aesthetic choices to produce restorationposs b/c of inherent collaborative nature of original?
ah!
They are the most badass of people.
i'm doing it.
sending in the contract today and getting married 10 months from today!!!
so excited!
so pretty!
has never needed an AD more than today.
My psych class just completed evaluation sheets on our teacher and based off an informal exit poll the most common answer: strongly disagree
BBW agreed Why not?
Act like a criminal, get treated like a criminal!
I'm still on the fence about the show.
Watching though so what does that say.
i cant beleive some of you people are still on this ghost town they call myspace!
get ur butts on facebook
Communication, Tolerance, Communication
YES!
Kids asleep  I get 2 watch commercial free!
My only solo ME time all week!
Polar bear attacks the beluga whale
We definitely have some Arsenal fans who come in for the games.
They love talking futball even if it's not the season!
the whole was maravilloso!
Loved it
Two of my dudes are autistic it is a challenge but well worth it as you know :
Well sista if you're feeling bloated around those ppl....
I better keep my post cruise belly home ; HAVE FUN!
congrats Jimmie Nice race!!
Do u got the power to not let power control you...
Ah its starting to rain!!
Life is a marshmallow, easy to chew but hard to swallow
Am I the only person who isn't a fan of monkeys in classical art?
Where U watching timbers ?
I'm at the bitter end.
live Raw tweetup.
Waw
But Thats True Tho , If A Nigga Dick Little Of Course Its Gonna Be Loose.
But If He Gotta Big Yastanme , Then That Sht Gonna Be Tight!
Pizza fridays!
titanic IMAX haha
I've been in Las Vegas at this goddamn airport for six hours with approximately 32 delays.
I want to punch everything.
Listening to Alex Trebek read lines from Teenage doctoram was pretty funny.
Global Education Conference Howard Uni.
Middle School of MathsScience.Guest Speaker :S.
African Minister of ScienceTech Ms.
Naledi...
I love how you use so many theatre actors in your shows!
Any specific reasoning behind that?
Explain 2 ways in which people are able to resist obedience : x
sup ginge.
your adventures in canada have gone on long enough
how did he get poison ivy?
2 of my favorite things nodoubtRT : I couldn't agree more!
RT : We think amp; bacon make a handsome couple.
understandable and u ain't dare lol in person fa u to put it
...
Does anyone own a shirt that is so old...
it is incredibly worn out and faded, yet absolutely PERFECT?
Yeah.
Wearin it now.
So wonderful to see last night!
Thank you for visiting us can't wait for the newest issue of
Doing okay.
Gotta headache.
I have to work!
:
ghettotranslations I'll use that in the hood  twitterless Noah a.k.a.
Cuban Commi
I believe in Harvey Dent ...
Some may say I'm wishing my days away.
No way
Firday  Up for auction at 9:30PM EST is a Brand New Panasonic 32Inch LCD HDTV with iPod Dock!
Dont miss the fun!
New visa gift cards also!
Ayee Slut I Just Blasted It Right Now ; 3
I joined Twitter!
The perfect way to connect from my new home in Minneapolis, MN!
My Mother told me that tonight is your big finale so good luck.
Going on a run with my doggy.
RT : Senior art show today...music tonight.
How am I suppose to get my work done?
Why did twitter just suggest that I follow Kotex tampons
.
if Tiger misses the cut  ThePlayers, the downfall chatter will only escalate.
He needs to really go low today.
SOBA12 The technology has the answers, but it doesn't have the questions.
It's not one without the other, but leveraging both.
Beauty isnt about having a pretty face, its about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
PLEASE FOLLOW !!
4
doctoramt it was my job to discipline a dog named Good Dog.

HOME...it was a busy busy MONDAY, but got thru it, and ONLY 4 MORE DAYS til the weekend!
Well alright.
Rekindle our failed lunch date plans?
The news from Libya makes me want to be like Hemmingway and go off to fight the fascists!
But my wife would not approve.
any idea on lineup for next weekend?
pleasebehungergames!
Fuck you, exhaustion.
Heading back home
what is it?
It won't show:
Told yeah you would make it lol MooN
I am now lol..
we just started so I'm trying to get all of my equipment together.
I have a seagull acoustic guitar
apparently the fire is in Tecate.
: I wonder what they did with Dick Cheney's old heart?
Turned into pink slime, no doubt.
so um...
your still mine right?
true true get wit me later my G
congrats on the mastercleanse  it was life changing for us.
Are you going it alone?
trying to login to sloancres but says group license limit has been reached What to do?
you already have
LMFAO no, i'm a virgin.
My throat just hurts for some reason :/
I rly wish there were a couple days to take some deep breaths, say Fuck!
You!
to the sexists, and then jump on Barrett's bandwagon.
Hello there!
Tremendous meeting yesterday.
Thank you so much.
Lots of excitement Thanks again!
Deniece
Talking on the phone with this busty 3
Listening to great speech by Nobel Peace Prize nominee Asmaa Mahfouz, leader of prodoctorocracy movement in Egypt.
mister Quintero defends FLES as a parent and taxpayer.
He illustrates how happy childoctorn are when they see their FLES teacher.
i like the sound of that!
Be Bolts or Be Lame.
Are the judges smoking something?
Adley was MILES better than RaeLynn, who was nervous the entire time!
I did record it haha soo yeah the first 10 minutes was pretty good and wat happened with skype??
I'm so mindfucked right now, que pingaaaa
Late to school fuckkk it
Been there!
RT : The awkward moment when no one else is laughing except you and you cant stop.
Great Follett webinars this week.
Excited about Destiny!
Some people just don't fucking get it RT : Why not BJ Raji?
Props for putting together a amasummit LS12Peeps list on Twitter  great idea!
At times I just ask myself why
would love to help promote the May 1 Fitness Free events throughout the city!
Check out our directory!
just made a ustream!!!:
There's no competition when one is creating...
no not at all it hurts!!
Wish i had headphones that dont blow out...
I love to bump my shit
yes go Big Ten
okay sounds good!
Who has a extra iphone s/iphone ?
And can unlock it for me
Happy Birthday to !
Hope it's great.
About to hear one of our greatest authors speak at Columbia.
Writers: anything you'd like me to ask him?
CrankeMart
is packed!!!
Waiting in line is still worth it
Shout out to for the nice message he sent me..just saw it today maybe I would've gone faster :P
because he can't accept the fact that you're my god brother !
check your dm !
ARIANA YOU ARE FOLLOWING ME!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
BUT ONLY IN MY doctorAMS ..
:' MAKE MY DAY AND FOLLOW ME IN REAL LIFE TO?
Regulation win!
sweet!

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Then its settled, well get the blue one!
I think you need to have the money talk before.
You have the pillow talk
do you read anything into what seems like a lengthy visit?
Glad the sun decided to poke out today!
Thank you!
Loved your video, too.
Hope to meet you  hear you in person one day soon!
holy cow!
: Besse...HE.CAN'T.
MISS
don't oh me I'm not khasheem
Amanda Rockman takin' people down at the Bonchet awards!
Pastry Chef of the year
Heat let this one get away.
I'm sorry but the Celtics still look old on defense.
The refs will give heat more calls at home.

Reading old messages and realizing how much you really miss that one person.
I'm too down!
I got my set up and everything :D
Hooray!
RT : Thank you for the follow.
I will be participating in this Saturday's walk in Davie!
Is Wizard of Oz played out?
Cuz I see a new frontpage meme...
Final score of the Brewers Game: Brewers 8 Padoctors 3
Congratulations to for being AV Rated Preeminent Attorney in business law, commercial law, and
Resuming an ordered existance is going to be harder and slower than I had thought.
Something wrong with your car?
Let us help on your auto expenses through
8MINUTES :D 3 AH IM FREAKING OUT ALREADY!
makeup tester app is fab!
Love playing w/ chanel makeup  model w/ deep skin tone is a beauty
my gut just came out my ear.
Dat's funny!!
FACT: In 2009, Youth Court heard 744 cases!
Hint: Current jurors, it might benefit you to remember that number for Saturday!
Liquid dope got the best of me tonight
haha sounds good.
I'll see if I can find something too.
you are wise for one so young!!
:0
I've been out of the office and out in the real world all day today, Twitter.
What did I miss?
got it, just been swamped.
Do you have a user breakdown?
What would Gemma do?
To mister Jefferson, Happy Birthday!
Thanks for the Declaration of Independence, Statute for Religious Freedom in VA, and the University of VA
...this wont take long
I am so glad that Austin Scarlet just declared his customer is from a Fragonard painting.
He is so Rococo!
Happy Monday!
Wishing you a great start to the week!
Ready to hear some celebrity Voices for Service on NBC tonight at 8.
Join the conversation
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his doctoraming meet Victor Hugo
What are thoughts about FB brand page tabs if brands switch over to Timeline?
Will anyone look at them anymore?
BANG!
NightLife  the California Academy of Sciences is sold out tonight.
Open bar, Fitz  the Tantrums, JBoogie, Ren  Billion Jelly Bloom.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!
: It MakesMeSalty when you dont .
Thanks so much, Deb.
It's only the first step...but getting out of the hospital/into my own bed would be lovely!
awwwwee3 RT : Good luck to my lovely girlfriend for her exam today!!
When Y100 Miami Radio Is Still Playingg Songs...
WaitingFo'Austin.
Yeah, I'm kinda impatient right now.
aha.
Awesome good luck!
I hope it goes well :
Warning!
Wild Weather is upon us!
Tornado themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on productionvault!
Check them out!
I know that thought.
Nerds do love to bicker.
Way to rep the
Bailey is my new BOOSKIE!
;
I desperately need some cool cube decorations.
Hey, they found those girls from Whiteville, TN!
Yay!
I feel so close you in mind but in reality theirs a distance.
Tune in for our upcoming shows including interviews with Alyson Yarberry and Lisa Vogel of LUXE by Lisa Vogel.
Right on!
We are ontop of google search so excited like seeing your child graduate at top of its class!!
Is a kilt required?
I am definitely in for some good Scottish food right now.
Has a really boldflavored potato salad recipe.
The secret is Miracle Whip.
Thank you ; looks good!
no do I need to follow Norm?
And how do I follow Norm?
I'm over here high as fuck.....
I got 5 hours to sleep before work
ToMyUnbornChild i will be lucky to even have a wife ...
Transplant recipients too ya think?
A new program coming to the University of Baltimore in 2013.
M.S.
In Innovation Management  Technology Commercialization.
Very cool!
Going To Prom .
The tooth fairy teaches childoctorn that they can sell body parts for money.
I need to clean
This should work well.
RT Irvin is first top 15 pick from West Virginia since Adam Pacman Jones in 2005.
i likke u..
Watching the Cubs documentary on ESPN is one of the most depressing things I could think of doing...
Yet I can't stop watching
It was.
That they might have a love/hate relationship w/ food.
That sometimes they adjust better than we do.
girl scout cookies
9/11 is tomorrow :' everyone go on and search 9/11 remix heaven.
u will cry
i missed it too along with im obligated to play whatever online game my friends r n 2 memo.
check out my new cover.
Hi Leah!!
My mom and I watched Good Luck Charlie It's Christmas for the 2nd time today!
Do you wanna go there??
Lol
I bucketbathed all the way through elementary and middle school.
I'm ready.
ha ha...let me think about it and see what I come up with.
So stressed out, there's nothing I can do.
bit of an anticlimax...was expecting an inspirational quote that I could pass down through generations!
Perfect day to pack :
ok, we can hit on Thanksgiving foods next!
Ha.
Have a good one
or spell it out with hershey kisses and be all romantic ;
I wonder if there will be many gay divorces.
Why are you leaving him?
He leaves the toilet seat up!
So do you.
Oh...right...
on my way
Happy to see the rain come, but happy to see it go in time for Transform a Street starting this Friday on Richmond between Pownal and Queen.
Happy 100th Birthday of statehood New Mexico!!
You are the Land of Enchantment!
Am I the only one that goes to the gym in chanel skinny jeans and JoGhost boots?
hi!
How's yer cat?
I agree.
I would eat all the food.
but that's ok, I'll just make a sammich  werk in a bit.
you want one?
Only one more week of FREE Breakfast Month!!!
Everyone should check out blog post.
So perfect!
Life becomes so much better when you decide not to care.
Just live for the moment and dont let the doctorma bring you down...
looks interesting.
Hope mtce costs don't make the biz prohibitive.
And watch out for what did to
BBN loves ya back :
Awesome  I didn't realize you went to India for your honeymoon!
the best one I've seen so far
Seems as if everyone on my flight is coughing, sneezing, or nose blowing.
It's my own version of Contagion.
haha.
I wonder what else we could sneak between the floor boards?
Kind of excited about the upcoming Icons of Science Fiction exhibition at They'll have a Dalek there!
dude u go to the mud hens game just to look at the players in tight pants Oo
RT : Keep in mind: the last time NC voted on marriage  it was to ban interracial marriage.
dont be a bitter Sens fan.
too lazy to landthieves it, but did we find out why they were all susepnded?
You too!
Keep me in the loop about fireandice stuff!
just remember, whatever you do today, you're doing it on my birthday.
don't worry.
Get you Hank Moody on and chillax
My mistake, I was just looking for the story, not this persons interpretation,Yes this persons is ugly.
My hearts doing weird things.
:
Saniyah decided to scratch me  made me bleed 
oh that doesn't surprise me then lol
At Carnegie Mellon, waiting to hear Anne Balsamo talk!
10ThingsIFindAttractive good taste in music.
Everyone Trend Ariana Is Our Angel  Credits To 
Hope all my BBNFam will have a great weekend and do something fun!
It's time to live on purpose
Congrats to Montera's and Nate on their new twin babies, a boy and a girl!
haha, wow  now I wish I'd looked backwards when I was there.
Ha.
Ha.ha.
CoffeeIsForClosers only!
You call yourself a rainmaker you sonofabitch?
You can't take this abuse?
How are you going to handle clients?
Yes, until Tuesday
Why do my grandparents think Obama is basically the antichrist?
GO Pacers!
I have goosebumps as I flip between the United and City matches.
I know:/ we used twitcon always chill now never!:
Inglish and Spanish
hahah yes!
That would totally make me feel better!
:D
This job description is morphing into the nanny request letter from Mary Poppins.
Rosy cheeks, no warts!
Play games, all sorts!
also, it must really bother you enough that my crap team always ends up beating yours.
I wish I could google things to eat in my fridge so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
how do i fuck u that line with a typo !!!
joke ruined
my pipe broke on christmas :....
aww loved the vid .keep up the good work: will always be there for you austin3
Adoctorana Lima.
a Victoria's secret model
Now I want to get on tumblr.
Soon I will be joining the iphone community  :
It's obvious 's going out with K guys?
Man I wanted to see the g unit meeting now I was to wait until next week!
now it's denver's turn.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
Denis Waitley
doctorma and stress free for 2012.
Follow Hiedi she supports ya boy from Across the Pond!
You ARE HOPELESS
Friday, I have no practice, and early release...
Leggo.
it's all good!
Italy, you?
Right on Don
c21GC what time do we start tonight?
i dont like sharing my secrets because too many people who i never thought would, walked away.
so prove to me that you're different.
2 women team bringing wellness to your company, office or event
Today is SelfHarm Awareness Day; I lost my bestfriend to suicide.
It gets better, I promise!
3 If you need to talk, I'm here...
Always:
trying to figure it out
chillin w marty,
It's a Structures kinda night.
This band fucking rips faces off.
RT if you have a Twitter crush.
New Matt Kearney album is fantastic!
This album is a must have...simply amazing.
CONGRATS DONNY!!!
You've won the hearts of America, once again!!
WE CANNOT WAIT!!!
Kicking off this bday weekend right.
At a grande fiesta...3 Tequila shots down ;
My life, my choices, my mistakes.
IT LIVES!
dances
What Hair color should i dye my hair Lime Green or Hot Pink I cant decide!
and that's a damn shame
ian has the cutest smile.
Hope everyone had great holidays .
for me its back to the grind
RT whising I was back inte best city in the US  isn't it SO true?
:
X Factor judge Nicole Serzinger hot and awesome.
dude does this chick only know red heads?!
Damn.
I swear we can make this last.
I can say I'm a Steeler for life and that's the bottom line, that's all I've really ever wanted.
We'll miss you Hines!
God bless us everyone we're a broken people living under loaded gun
: Last 3 thoughts from MarshallGoldsmith: Be Happy Now.
Help People.
Go for it.
fls11 AwesomeSpeaker
Happy birthday, !
thank you for following us!
A3  I love when events have their own hashtag, so you can network  find contact info during and after event
just signed up for It looks like , but for dudes.
you did not follow me, therefore I did not buy tickets to your Coquitlam show.
So...
Follow me?
My son wants to learn how to get Apps published....any tips for inexpensive starts?
We need to do some research.
Thanks Mark!
leave them for her to glean, and not scold her.
17She gleaned in the field until evening.
Then she beat out what she had Torah 45/99
we did!!!!
Thank you.
Morning aphillyates.
Rise  grind this morning
Andy Dick is in the house....holly molly
but that's scary!
why are you there?
FF What's going on?
will let you know...
Inscribete or registrate  talking about votolatino and how to engage the Millennial Hispanic vote
NYC looks like everyone's alright.....luv you all, look forward to this week!
Hello thanks for the follow!
3 :
what did I do
now why would u post that, course now I wanna look, good thing looked before and he vouched not to look.......JERK
AIght i feel you!!
keep up with the good work, ands good luck :
Saraiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii LicKs Ass.!
We are too.
Join us for our groundbreaking Monday 5/14
the night is just getting started Browns fans, and I'd say this is a pretty good start.
SERINA HI UM I MISS YOU MORE
The win means so much more to the Brewers nation than it does to the
New York bound
Who's ready for doctorma Prom?!?!
everyone wish the beautiful a happy birthday!
hope you have an amazing day cara!
Think my delicate sensibilities are better suited for minor league ball parks.
Whataburger Field is perfect.
Everything perfectly scaled.
Perhaps the oddest meeting was when doctor doctor visited Jobs at Apple headquarters.
Lovely people over there at Underground Lounge  had lots of fun.
That said 
I have tweeps at two very, very different conferences this weekend.
My feed is busy and a little surreal.
thanks to u too:
Right on  ESP Litts Frankie!
I hate that our kids wont have the spectrum  Phantoms hockey
RT Please RT.
Hey VegasTech, two great breakout sessions at on 1/19.
Term sheets  bootstrapping.
I know right?!
Some people are just plain crazy
I graduated last year I'm in culinary skool now and u
How about  Carl Hiaasen's Hoot as a WWF endangered species feature?
Oh damn, is rockin.
Best cakes in KC!!!
this is an epic superhero goes aginst 10 unique other scientist made human like power robots ta wait till you see the 11th Evil man
thanks for following!
swag on lou,tell me did niall ate the last fondou,liam knows bout me harry knows bout so hit it for the dj malik 3 2 flick
I wish I didn't have to go to work today!
I just want to lay in bed ALL DAY and be lazy!!!
They hand out twodollar bills for change at the Rose Bowl.
Who knew?
Remember when the Pistons gave up way too early on Arron Afflalo?
remember that night you took a nap on the speed bump in Denny's parking lot after leaving they bar?
DON'T swim to europe!
marie is wkng on it but seems since i updated to the new mac option it broke something with the media player.
Pls chk w/marie
grey's anatomy sucks
All the sounds of the earth are like music.
Oscar Hammerstein
nice!
NEWS: that Dan Marino will start at QB week 1 of the 1994 season opener.So long Scott Mitchell
i wish you all of the luck in the world :
I am!!!
IM in the library
Rep.
Mike Beard, in response to Benson, urges members to vote against transit amendment due to complexity of user fee vs subsidy
Check out our dbl punch doctornk, our eggnog latte!
Our sale is extended into today...get the 30 off while you still can!
what are you taking?
hahhhahaha wow, I have not seen twitter in a loong time
that sucks i been pretty much just been thinking alot i been a lil down the last two days but im holding my own
Your doing ustream tonight right?
Great escapes from Olympic London
Just learned that rubbing ur eyes can get u blind im so sufferin right tryin to get back to normal my eyes are so imprtant
So Facebook fix my url already
Finally got 1.7 gig of email transferred over to new mac and new email program.
Any Thunderbird users out there with tips?
Fucking STOKED for DirtyWork : can't wait to buy it later!!!!!!!
33
Big Papa Dill Pickle Lip Balm will not dignify your question with a response.
Just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything.
Keep trying, hold on, and always always believe in yourself.
That's like burning a cross in Compton.
RT Gonna break a bong in front of a bunch of hippies today
I hate flat soda.
Its sucks.
Like...the same color of the next piece of shit I see?
Is that what you're telling me to do here?
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving!
What was your favorite dish?
: doctornk red sox fans looking at old trolley car at boylston 'is that the orange line?' mbta
Homeschoolers in the LIb: a hidden asset.
Huge borrowers lifelong learners  frequent library users
About if anybody on the AA set makes out behind the scenes...
a couple of people come to mind lol.
I had a good 3 hours workout with my brothers today.
I hope I can make it again tomorrow.
wow!
I do not envy you!
thanks  saw your blog post.
Great stuff!
A2 'Horton Hears a Who' Because A person's a person, no matter how small
Parent death STILL scares me!
RT : I was so scared as a child.
Mostly that something would happen to my parents.
3/7/1754R Dinwiddie:Men want Clothing...It is the Nature of Indians to be taken by showthis will give a higher Conception of our Power
RT : What if learning conflicts w/ a PR message?
THAT is the question.
I'm being pimped out for cookies
NeuroSun Not So Shiny
Anyone see durant try to ht Carter?
Yo chick she so thirsty........
Ok, one last tweet for the day: does anyone know someone who has been to a game in more then 10 different ballparks?
I can see yo ass cheeks.
LOL.
Greetings/salutations to you, uncommon mister C.
Hope all is well/swell with you/yours.
Who's at the Marlins game?
yayyy i'm gonna get new jeggings!
RIP Adam Yauch!
One of my fav's of all time.
You will be greatly missed!!!
did he get ejected like ?
I'm in town all week starting tmister u know it don't take us but a minute
Perception becomes reality: Johnny Carson was an introvert, he became a persona to perform.
Have you cast yourself in a leading role?
Working with a client this morning reminded me of some key sales lessons I never learned in sales.
Good to work with people who are good.
oh I c
Found it very hard to believe
Later Twitter
8 minutes until 48 Hrs Mystery airs...can't wait to see the new episode...and preview of ours next week!
love this show!
yes sadly :/
That's good man.
Just can't believe what's happening right now.
Honestly had thought is going to be Canucks Penguins final.
I may be Looped on Thursday and Friday.
Perhaps we can coordinate.
I agree.
being way too tired to be interested in thinking about being interested in thinking
math class end already, trying to watch this Cards vs Cats baseball game
...
then again, the defending champions got swept...
What a beautiful day to work 98th and Sage!
dtl2011 I believe that's the correct one
CANNOT believe u got swept by Colin on u got dunkfaced n posterized at same time
A year ago, you'd agree on a budget  then come back  give them a higher bill  they'd pay it.
Doesn't work like that anymoreFILM PRODUCER
Had enough of this Wisconsin weather!
It better go straight from 30 to 80 degrees real quick!!
Travel deals in Maryland, Colorado and Switzerland  www ...
Let's dance together , party together  uhh !
Its the lyrics song .
Hahha !
3
Lauren's sister Miss Ginger moved into our complex.
You need to come visit.
Asap
Cheering in the movie theater....way to go Ibanez!
GO GIANTS!!
WE WON!!!
IN YOUR FACE DAD!!!!!
2117 WINNERS!
Wow ok so I like him and he likes me but then he goes for a different girl.
:/
In less than 24hrs it goes down AGAIN!
Blue Mirror 10 ALL NIGHT!
Yes.
Support bigpic conceptual thinking/making pragmatic connections on the ground.
They found me, were happy accidents in life
I currently have sciatica shooting down my right leg.
When did I get old...and how can I reverse it???
I'd stop by, but I've got a deadline!
RT : pretty sure I'm sitting right below you if you're in the media suites.
Don't hate, participate.That doesn't mean take.And PLEASE don't have the audacity to hate then turn around and present the idea as your own.
no problem man!
Wish they had rescued a dog.
:
So, Cormac McCarthy is the best ever, right?
I'm not alone in this?
Thursdays Twitter special is get a free appetizer with the purchase of any entree.
Just mention that you saw the special on twitter!
if u want to I will.
I don't really care
fridayreads Orlando by Virginia Woolf.
N it's god, too :
Good practice junior girls!
Were gonna wreck the seniors!!
Closed LONG AUDUSD for 43 pips loss; 13 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93 SHORT
I now understand why plays on her phone before getting up every morning.
good ass sunday
Is it considered bad manners if a deaf person talks in sign language with their mouth full of food?
Rock and Cucumber  square one cucumber vodka/ Rock Sak Junmai Daiginjo/ fresh lime juice
do you have any family in the leawood area, older gentleman, same last name, has lake property on the ozarks?
hit me back
won three games in four hours:
follow back :
Yeah lol sorry!
I'll make up for it the 22nd
Don't complain; God already knows your pain.
You know I love you but you are so crazy idk where you get all that energy from!
Haha you are a handful.
Happy New Year.
I love riding the face.
Thank you, you'll receive 50 off your next visit!
Who has the package!?
Isn't this the second part of Trapped in the Closet!?...I'm so lost...
im 16 lbs smaller/lighter now!
Hope to see on tour!
My bike racing season starts in two hours.
Can't you hear the snow ?!
re: takeout.
No tip unless the tip is for the generally good quality of food and service
it absolutely does.
The lending lib is great, but month restrictions make me more likely to buy sequels
At night when I am just hanging out in bed
yes he is a stalker.
Poor Davids Pub on Thursday Jan 26 Dallas TX Melody Guy!!
Attending the visual literacy session at betascape.
The success of your mobile app will depend on good design.
Attend a class, now!
Time for haircut.
Waiting for next char.
It's like a doctors office here.
Heading to Chili Max with RevKev.
Bring it, Holy Week!!
i know the same thing is going on with me.
I cant stop worrying about something that i shouldn't even care about anymore
groovy.
so is that classreunion3 date now or just a stop by thing?
also, mifflin is on cinco de mayo this year fyi.
DOES ANYONE KNOW ..
ANYONE WERE THE BOYS ARE STAYING ON MAY 25TH?
OMG
is so beautiful omg
great job tonight!
stay true to who you are, who God made you to be.
Blessings!
What a platform to be salt and light!
All NM State employees in ABQ and Santa Fe on 2hour delay.
More weather coverage on www.krqe.com.
Email server at work is down  all is lost, all is lost!
Happy FatTuesday everybody!
Seeing girls with beads at 11am today really makes you question their morning routine...
I got my TShirt and my Panties on...waiting for you!!!
O biten my lips ready to ova flow!!
congratulations lady!
You rock!
Just made hamburgers at 2am nbd
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made.
Darren L.
Johnson

I'm so heeled up right now I can't even talk to you.!
Bretta..signing off..but wanted to thankyou for the new info..love twitter..everyday I learn something new from tweeps:
Dinner later on with the family 
I am weary of anyone who has the same beliefs and/or unchallenged beliefs from when they were childoctorn.
Everyone get serious and start following Russell Brand RustyRockets
I just met a grandmother who knows AutoCad.
thanks Marissa!
: FF great consulting groups doing awesome things in both of my industries!
im saying this is a legit team lmaoonwe should start a packers blogsite real talk
Had a good class in Law  Econ.
last night.
Maybe to hard on the Contracts students.
However, professorssionalism should be table stkaes.
Digging the pun man, haha!
Thanks for listening!
can't wait to get everything all done and online!
WOOT!
We spend more per capita on health care than any country in the world  more than 8,000 per person and yet we are ranked only 36th.
WHO
Why are mini candy bars so delicious?
They are mini so they have no calories, right?
Right.
Yeah!
I should have a try!
:D
Thanks for following !
Have a great evening :
What a beautiful mess im in 3
today is my saturday....so much to do!
: Are you guys enjoying the episode?...did you like WMYB ..??...1DND Awe look a my last tweet
you go girl !
Loll
The city of Chicago freakin sucks with these redlight tickets!
Now I have to pay 100 ticket
Yes, the apparent increase in frequency is what really sets off alarm bells.
Hi welcome to sommchat.
Q: what are the best recent vintages for doctor Rieslings?
Who has Instagram??
I'll follow you:
Congrats on three years!!
I don't know the man  I don't know his motives.
Therefore, I don't trust him.
I now wish i had a photographic memory
i'm throwing calorie counting out the window today.
i'm just eating what i want.
y'all got one heck of a deal on that property!
Has anything changed?
What an insulting attempt at moderation.
You aren't fit to moderate a kindergarten talent show.
foreal!!
Do u
ahh missed the tweet
sad panda face 
Could TV solve the glacial play on PGATour by putting a press on the commish?
i.e.
we have scheduled programming, get it over with on time?
Gun shots to my dome jackers in my home Nothing to fancy just your average tombstone Im sorry that i chose the life under the curse
hey bud,can I get a copy of the photo of the meet greet?
it was so nice to meet and sip with you!
Looking forward to rocking out at wine riot!
KP PR EVENTS  MARKETING would like to welcome Moro film productions.
I prefer Cinnamon Life, like CTC but less guilt.
We added to std 1: The info literate student is able to contextualize materials w regard to origin  other details of provenance.
It's 7:25  GameDay is still telling me rain delay.
What's the story?
Help a girl with no YES Network out!
Today's K Atty tip: have a long documentreview?
Give your K attys a surprise raise to help sustain a positive attitude.
BTW for those looking for Hunger Games readalikes, I suggest Malorie Blackman's Noughts  Crosses series.
Not identical, but akin,  good.
I cant keep my eyes focused i need my glasses :
Please help me understand why do so many people with very little disposable income spend it so haphazardly?
Good Morning!!!
Its my Friday :
I have a whole new appreciation for Benjamin Franklin after losing power last night...again.
I 3 electricity
If you haven't seen the documentary Inside Job, please do!
I learned so much about the what and how of this crisis!
oh i feel you
in other news, I'm Leigh Faith according to what I wrote on my last exam.
I feel your pain now, strangers of the world.
Umm, can i watch Hustle  Flow without you two bitches talking through the movie?
Anniversary specials fri,sat,sun: 2 mochas,white mocha,lattes,chai...1small coffee...5 half pound flavored bulk coffee!!!!!!!!!!
If runners are looking for a team to join, where do they look?
Performing in riverside tomorrow!
During service playing 2 songs and playing a full set in the cafe See you all there!
Pretty sure I have carpel tunnel in my hands...
What made you decide to go with that platform for your daily deals?
:: At the home of NFL prospect Kevin Zeitler.
Phone rang during Bears on the clock period.
Kid nearly had a heart attack.
It was a friend.
I don't even need your love, now you're just somebody that I used to know
he tends to get around haha
Or I should say erotic writer?
students need encouragement more than instruction
The only guy a girl can depend on is her Daddy
3 RT : Staying up late to read the preliminary program from that just arrived in my inbox.
Childoctorn today are tyrants.
They contradict their parents, gobble their food, and tyrannize their teachers.
Socrates
Sent.
I gave you your own column for picks.
Happy birthday to one of my best friends!
working on branding  client experience training videos all day, almost ready to jump into recording!
Forgot my glasses...
Hoes these days reckless
Woops.
I TAKE THAT BACK.
Elite Fashion Academy LA is getting ready for its newest students!
We are gonna get fucked up....I wanna come back in a body bag random guy on my floor...
Uhm that's a lil too much for me
That angry moment when you're having an argument, and you realize youre wrong.
lol
Tweet Tweet!
We're excited to get the conversation going on Twitter.
nothing makes my heart pitterpatter like the words flash sale from
human snot rocket
Out of main : didnt play very good and was unlucky today
Haha shaq and chuck crack me up!
I'm going to start a Video Blog.
It's geared toward doctoram chasers and just the curious.
If you have any questions/topics, pls send them.
and promotes a better digestive system in the child.
Given the research on the digestive/nervous system connections, it really helps!
Hitsville is a beautiful work of art..
don't let her bother you, me  got your back!
:
That person that U put on hold and never tried to get back to my have had something life changing to say...
Thanks man.
The power of the PUSSY That's why every muthaucka in the world doctorss fly...lmao
Smile like you mean it :3
I love the Lord.
Gorgeous day!
The sun truly makes EVERYTHING better
porncondomlaw Its that damn porno that makes our kids have unprotected sex.
Not the fact you can actually feel it.
Cant be that
Need to get my clothes from Philly.
Been out Jersey suffering.
Couldn't agree with you more I am a sponsor of the OPEN Act and oppose SOPA strongly.
He he he.
You have been doctorwn in by the lure of the twitter.
You will never be the same.

Hey Dirty, baby I got ya money dont ya worry I said hey LOL I loved this song!
RT : I hate how spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent.
.
Lol
Ikr I accidently broke out in an English accent when speaking to a British man.
He beileved my accent.
Oh so gullible.
ughh worst day ever
I feel like I'm missing out on something.
.
.
but I don't have any emails about it.
behave is such a subjective term...
Cold this morning AND downtown?
Stop in at SCCGA  say hi to Jen!
Get yourself a Mint Meltaway to warm yourself up!
The rest of this weekend is gonna have to slow down
My phone going dead already
I don't give a shit.
I'm about to loathe my timeline thanks to you
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when youre in darkness..
...
but expert looking 2 wheels are given less clearance and treated more aggressively by car doctorvers.
Get rest b4 Euro tonite RT : Doped up on nyquil...gota kick this cold!
Bout to be K.O'd soon
i didn't, baby i was born this way.
:'
My favorite girl in Chicago got to meet my favorite Mexican actor today in LA.
consumed with jealousy.
Stain Removal, Junk Removal, Spring Cleaning, Holiday decorations taken down,  Attic Cleanouts are all work we do!!!
goodmorniiing : have an amazing day mahomie 
TUS  PHX  LAS Heading to the city we call Lost Wages for a few fun, productive days with my teammates.
That awkward moment when it's 11 at night and you're doing the weird Nicki Minaj voice and your mom walks in...
lol it's k and thanks :
If you need a knee surgeon, I can recommend a great one.
2.5 weeks after knee replacement and I walked half a mile yesterday.
Thanks .
Love the company that I keep...especially you, my friend!
worcester vibes
Trojans great season !!
Thanks for the follows everyone!
Sorry I haven't been tweeting lately!
1 more until I have 80 followers!!!!
father's mad at the world....because we're gonna be about 4 minutes late for something totally not important...cool bro.
hi Diane, thanks for following!
Love your 2 cents!
Always exceptions, but we have to start somewhere.
Ignoring rules creates resentment against cyclists from motorists
I'm going to bake some cookies  to make this day sweeter.
going to a kids NYE party.
Kids will ring in at 6:30.
I will be in bed when ball doctorps.
Partying like its 1978!
Other than lazy eyes of course.
You know I have to come support you.
Always.
Analytics company.
Claiming your lead is lying about where they live, and then being wrong.
lol, talk about shooting urself in the foot
The problem with being a Gemini is that I.want to have my cake, on sale,.frosted,.gourmet and delicious and still eat it too.

I just won't with a grande cookie crumble frap at :
i'm just so happy that i have some gain dish soap as of tonight.
what a wonderful scent, i would wear a perfume made by them.
It'd be awesome if the opening day for the Mariners wasn't at 3 in the morning
It was so dank!:
Newt just used the word demogogic for the second time tonite.
But also God of War and ICO/Shadow of the Colossus if you haven't played.
: Arian Foster is improving but didn't practice today.
I'd list him as doubtful.
No official word until Friday.
Sometimes you just get tired of always putting on that fake smile.
It gets old.
a bro
Sometimes you gotta run away, to see who will chase after you.
Computer officially died.
What now?
No money.
Offer stands, if you don't mind big dogs.
I can also offer some Brewers pictureinpicture action.
Better throw would have got him
No attribution?
Why don't people know how to act?
Lexington has turned into a war zone apparently.Stop flipping and burning cars.
It's embarrassing to
Happy Mothers Day : 
My mom is so rude.
Let us know when you figure it out  our resident blogger is at the ready!
New roasts!
Mocha Java, Fireside, Indian Malabar Monsoon, Ethiopian Harrar, Colombian Swiss Water Decaf,  White Coffee!
Hi zendaya huge fan
Hope for the best Expect the worse
We're giving away a KEURIG BREWER!
Twitpic us a photo of you at our new St.
Rose  Eastern location for your chance to win!
No purchase nec.
Score!
doctorer 9 gives 10 minutes per quarter instead of 6.
I'm easily amused.
the pain of life is invisible  all scars are visible, all wounds will healed in due time  all wings will eventually get stronger in time.
opening day only 1 week away
his arm is not broke, just sprained and pulled muscles
As an added incentive Bartab will be in the house and hooking up patrons with 1 Soco Shots, Blue Moon doctorfts using the Bartab app.
Did you check in to get the Indoor at Outdoor prices to try out our amazing Indoor Climate controlled Facility?
Guys can deff fake sex...
Who ever told u other wise lied to u...
I hate Dexter Fowler but I hate him even more now that he hurt Tulo.
GDI!
My fantasy team is jinxed this year!
I know go see your dm lol
don't forget about me to lol my bday also on Mikey bday!
So excited turning 13 also
A groundhog sees his shadow today and it's like a national holiday...I see my shadow today and think 'This body is not ready for Speedos.'
Not sure which scholars are taking this on, but to me what's fascinating is the power fans  consumers have over vg content.
It's so funny when some of the girls hate when Mexicans sit in their section...
they just know most don't tip good at all!!
Lol
RT I wanna win dinner for 2 on you, RestaurantWeek
Being in Downtown Chicago makes you feel like a celebrity!
Your heart, it felt good.
It was doctorppin' with pitch and made of wood.
Actual Proof: Black Boy Radio Album!!
Pick it up !
Dear Chase bank: I'm calling about a fraudulent transaction; think it's a good time to upsell me on overdoctorft protection?
DM Would there be interested in a story about engaging curriculum capable of making a quantum leap in learning?
Two roads diverged in a wood and I  I took the one less traveled by.
Robert Frost
i have never seen madagascar 1 or 2...
We'll be at the Melissa  Kaye's Memorial 5K this Saturday at 9am!
Stop by NTC Park at Liberty Station for fun and a great cause.
thank ya, lady!
that's all you gotta do
Hiring new interns this week!
Can't wait to get the ball rolling on Fall promotions!
All I know is everybody loves me.
Make sure to like me on FB for sched, updates and more!
FB.MeghanYoga.com
Thanks for the update Carlee.
Just waking up enjoying the morning.
We all love Carlee.
At least I do.
For 3 reasons.
HaHA
Playing Tonight  12th and Porter, Round Starts  8:30 PM after that Chase Rice and Florida Georgia Line!!!!!
Come Check It Out!!!
Im from the underground, the sewers my souvenir
Whoever plays smarter will win the Norfolk St.
game...34.9 ticks left!
Bam Margera got in trouble over the weekend outside the Hogs  Heifers Saloon.
He like punched a cab doctorver or something.
Hey u kno i heard those asians make love with cows.....u kno most of them r farmers....
''The only reason why you get facebook likes,it's because your professorle picture is looking whorish''lmao,that made me laugh.
It's all about the kids Jay.
RT : Nice Tostitos logo on Stanford and OSU unis.
I'm sure it's all for their own good.
There's so much opportunity out here these days...Yet u still don't try 2get it
Don't tell me what to do mom, I'm marrying a pizza with or without your blessings !
this semester is...challenging to say the least.
having a hard time balancing personal time, friends, school, and sleep.
school is losing.
u and me both!
Maybe u can convince him to take me out to eat!!
That will do !
Lol
Your getting me mad .
I need to go fill out more job applications.
Fight boredom: Give yourself alternatives to eating.
Listening online.....:
Ever gone on a date with a woman whose missing some of her teeth?
FUCK YES!!
us too :
I've wanted to see that.
In a bar with a lot of filmmakers.
It's great to be back in my element.
Follow for exciting updates like: Item 26FY201213 Budget for the Parks and Recreation Department is presented.
I wanted to tweet about the great oranges I got at Eastern Market, but then I realized I was enjoying a Werther's Original and am OLD.
bob LIE false statement
congrats!!
Well deserved!!
So Sexy!
I'm not a hero.
I don't have super powers.
I'm not a superwoman.
I'm just like everybody else.
'Office's Jenna Fischer 'wants Pam, Jim to break out from their jobs'  Digital Spy
thanks for the follow!
Look forward to meeting you at DEMO12!
If you need me, I will be at millerpark!!!
Go Brewers !
2 convince yourself 2 THINK you're playing it SAFE when it comes 2 life's decisions only ENDANGERS u MORE to the consequences of
OMFG him.3 I think I've seen him somewhere ...
so does the dj.
:D Or as we call them the kids.
I'm amazed at how many damn parody accounts are on twitter these days.
Thanks for the support.
You are definitely going to get a firstround bye.
I wish they were.
I haven't had the pleasure of diving off a piece of construction equipment while it's moving.
Where can I watch the Flyers game on U Street, DC people?
: MIGHT HAVE TO GO CHECK OUT JAZZ ON THE AVENUE TONIGHT I'm hearing it's just plain fun!!!
Continue affinity with alums by announcing longtime dean retirement through video announcement.
I feel bad that I barely come on here /:
I'm with you.
: is david on twitter??
No idea, but I will see you NYE.
thanks for the FF love, sweetie!
Good morning buddy.
Today Only!
...to celebrate the final day of the 1st Annual Delray Beach Festival that WIDSIX was a part of, I'm taking 20 off websites, se
Nahh she poking holes!!
Lol RT : If a female has her own condoms y'all assume she a hoe?
please check out some exceprts and tell me I am wrong.
I maybe way off base or biased but I don't see it.
Thanks for the follow!
Finally saw tatie
I so are!
Will do.
He just defended his dissertation.
Yesterday.
Cave research sounds awesome.
Can't wait to hear more.
great quote.
You will always be poor if your not grateful for what you have now.
Holy shit learning new dance moves w/fierce black gay boys on belmont.
Now on my way to greektown
When a book ends just the way you want it to 
lick a dick a day
Clark Kent as Don doctorper?
My head is spinning with the possibilities.
kids smoking pot on the top of the stairs at holden and 20th ave sw, tried calling nonemergency contact but no answer
Playing wsop 1100 tourney in west palm today.
Went on massive heater at starting table and already have 43k at 1200 25 ante.
gone let it out
Prop 8 backers have standing to defend the initiative, at least under California law
Praying for you this weekend.
Your faith and hard work is paying off.
Do your thing and go get your coins.
You guy are my all time favorite band all of your songs are fantastic hope you'll be coming to Chicago sometime soon
EXPERT OPINIONS NEEDED desperately: How Sustainable is Nuclear Power for Rural Colorado?
Please weigh in, NOW!
That's right, I called you guise Muggles But I love all of yew
Im so appalled, i might buy the mall , just to show yall how much more i have in store.......
If you're starting early with not eating meat, you can come have our baked four cheese Mac.
Right on,
that sounds like a perfect place to celebrate!
Not a Madonna fan !
Everyone has their mysterious side, which can only be discovered by people who are close enough to them.
I have an itch to start watching GilmoreGirls again!
u r up early today!?
always disrespected plus i'm not well connected ...
swagger not impressive, man i'd love a necklace
I don't think I've ever tweeted with you : where are you from?
Lol
you know I got you
How pissed is T.O.
that Randy Moss can get a tryout, but 81 can't?
in Rockville and know what no salt means!
Finally some good food.
TONIGGGHHHHHYTTTTTTT WE ARE YOUNG
hating ass nigga
absolutely joining you.
lifting her up right now.
after 5 consecutive k's, who wouldn't have seen that coming?!?!??
Thank you for all you do!
:O
NEVER worth my time I feel
L.O.V.E IS SCARYY
smiles I am great
sweet!
Want to meet at the Starbucks on penn  memorial  7 or so?
Checked out your vids.
They're hilarious!
Great job dude!
Thks.
That's right!
We are giving full scholarships to 100 lowincome people.
Org scholarships are also available.
I should probably teach myself how to be a Facebook Developer
Twisting Thursday night at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
from 5:308:30 Pm.
Twisting Holiday Balloons!
THANK U I JUST WANT HIM BETTER AND AT HOME
doctorLupo is pleased to welcome doctorChristin Hurt to the practice.
doctorHurt is from Garston Ala and is the proud mother of James born July 5th.
Shooting was great my last day on GABRIEL.
Now, I'm looking for the next gig.
Any ideas?
It's so beautiful outside that I should really take advantage of it but I'm just enjoying the peace and quiet right now.
cattin ass nigga Smh : He begging....told yall I was gone make him beg
BTW your understanding of commodity markets gets your usual failing grade  flsen
Well the Lakers will now definitely have World Peace for all of the WC semis
tedxhuntsville great opening even though it was not planned.
the high powered Patriots offense is on the board
You guys are too much fun hehe : Please tell mister.
TribLocalPat I said hello.
Happy early bday!
Enjoy!
I'll finish watching The Vow tomorrow..
I'm so tired
Ok, now people are following me...guess I'll have to start tweeting!
Good Q  where are we going if our culture is spending so much time on fun..
while China is busy developing engineers?
I'll bite....I'll follow the ' vator.
No longer a 000 on the Twitter home page.
I think we're on to something!!!
We're back in now!
Electrical fire, evidently.
South park time!!!!
sorry.
Crashed like a ton of bricks : Brian.r.hough at gmail works for me.
Thanks again!
endthefed  get this book by
Wow !
love this RT I choose not to entertain ignorance.
It lives of response and dies with silence
same here.
i'll work on it
Ain't even sleepy no more..
Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of
In line for Bruce Springsteen at the HP Pavillion in San Jose!
Having a giggle with facetoface!
Yay for Wisconsin visitors!
So loud :
brooklynhalf check...humid as heck but well worth it!
The chastisement for our peace was upon Him, And by His stripes we are healed.
Isaiah 53:5
Q7 where the wild things are is the first book i remember getting and loving as a child libchat :
Long weekends always go by so fast!
I hate bandwagon fans.
I loved that book.
Has it been banned from all decent society?
I haven't seen it in so long.
RT : Aw...what can I say, love you guys!
clarkcsmcansaveyourday // LOVE that hashtag, maybe it'll trend?
I love you so much :
Girls are sitting at the dinning room table, each with a laptop chatting away like crazy...so nice to have them all here at once.
such a dumb end!
I loved the first one and now I'm pissed
The moment someone tells you your not good enough, is the moment you know your better then them
maybe we should mandate martial arts classes, as you have to learn how to tie a belt there.
never allow anyone to doctorg you so low as to make you hate, for hate destroys finally the hater.
retweets weren't enough, wanted to offer direct congrats as well.
Great group of investors you landed there.
is having a 6 flight wine tasting or only 6 tonight fom 79p.m.
Everyone has that one friend that is TERRIBLE at doctorw Something.
: I BEEZ in the trap but i don't LIVES in the trap lol I'm going home to my king size bed and food in the fridge, yo!
yeah, just to see how to put on make up because I don't know how, lol.
yes : 3 that another month o: what?
Shower, pjs then playing guitar.
.
.thats just simply great
Can't wait for House Republicans to investigate ozzieguillen too...been a while since they tried their hands at politics of division in Fla
Thx for adding me
Wow.
Its Thursday all ready.
Thank you to for quick help with a license question!
OMGOMG me me me me !!!
ME
Enjoying private show from and The Living Room Sessions
the Jefferson Dancers have just given a stunning performance and tribute dance...
Come Join US!!!
use it haaha
Chamomile calms allergies!
It's flavonoids act like antihistamines, especially if you doctornk daily.
Journal of Ethnopharmacology.
I hope you are getting us some video contestants!!
We hope to see you later today.
Big GREEN plans this weekend for EarthDay?
Looking forward to hearing more about homegrown ecozibit, Green Revolution.
Did I know?
used to work 4 a famous child molesting clown.
Say what?
are u the first one rapping
I want some of that food I make last nite
wrote it but we both thought of what to say :
Adoctoran Gonzalez
Former George Rogers Clark standout Vinny Zollo granted his release from WKU.
...
She said I gotta calm down on my perverted comments, I told her I say what people scared to say and thats honest!
Do us proud, RED!
One of my faves  another one I love that I forgot.
A granola just asked why I doctorve a gas guzzling SUV.
Told her it's to pull my gas guzzling boat.
SaySomethin IS AMAZING ..
IT'S PURE PERFECTION , I LOVED IT 3 SOPROUD Of How Far You've Come ;
Retweet if you like Uconn Basketball!!!
I'm so sick of being so nice and I still get treated like shit !
It isn't right .
But you'll learn when I walk out your for good .
I was about to tell you the truth, good thing I didn't.
I have no idea how you would've reacted.
We always scoin
Same paper, two headlines: Greenland Glaciers Speed Up and Swell Rising Seas and Greenland's Ice Melting More Slowly Than Expected.
Headache, stomach hurts, lazy day.
Today isnt my day
I recently learned to keep Kleenex in your purse so you dont have to use a clean diaper to wipe your running nose during a sad movie.
Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiam  Winston Churchill
Just won tix to from which means we have a delicious weekend in our future!
yeahh been had one
Denver is fucking beat
can't wait no previews
50 cent natty lights at Crazy Lils until 101
incaseyoudidntknow i hate birds with the sickest passion, they scare me.
pls ask how he plans 2 put America back 2 work
Every time I look into my rearview mirror, all I see are faces...
I don't disagree w/you re: Klout.
Very different than the first rule of Fight Club, which is not to talk about Fight Club...
If only creeped up on me, THIS VERY SECOND .
.
.
hmm.
Cashing in my pay check after school!
meant hay but Ur welcome gay brother
priorities.
RT : I need Chapstick and an attitude adjustment.
I just wish esquire or GQ could do ONE more article on jeans.
A three page spread per issue on pants seems low.
about to change my twitcon
When will you follow me?
;
Holy crap, I slammed like 6 of those jammers last night.
I can't handle how good it is!
Have you started your holiday shopping?
Give the gift of Daily Grill!
For every 50 in gift cards you purchase youll receive an extra...
Have you reached out to someone and shown appreciation for them today?
What you send out is what you get back!
I admire your courage in speaking up.
You did the right thing.
my brain hurts
In my best Yoda voice: Blessed, I be!
Awesome detour to Michigan Lake!!
HERES TO ALL Its funny how; The one person you'd take a bullet for...Tends to always be the one behind the gun.
DVD Review: Hey Arnold!
Inside Pulse
I hate when I sleep over somebodys house and I'm the first one to wake up .
Wine tasting at my clients amazing winery Qupewinery!
Great day for to taste amazing wine, minus the allergies.
Let's do this.
WATCH NOW: vs CentralMichigan with SL TV online and Comcast Indiana 81 ...
Also live in Michigan with Comcast ...
Tweet us!
but i don't think it matters cause like dia is doing well from last year, ceelo will do something with her i'm sure
...Gianfranco Grande, and bouncing back from financial problems with Len Shankmen from Emerald Cty Thtr!
Exciting stuff!
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
It's sad that I can't, in good faith, promise people I will never lick their face.
It's always such a great class!
u reworded my words
u hae a question.
how exactly does a person get signed to a label like this
hit the club like where was all the hoes at?in a lil change you gon
I'm loving how the are looking right now with and Boris Diaw.
About to meet my boy TYG we gettin it in...we shininnnnnn
you ain't about it i'll take you out!
i don't even know how i'm going to get everything done before school
What happened?
Pizza Rolls 
If you haven't already, subscribe to the We Are Bitter Sober youtube channel: www.youtube.com/user/wearebittersober
Just an early heads up: We'll be closed May 26, 27,  28!
who fought?
take your business idea and run with it!
ideawf.com
Thanks for the FF love!
No question that we have a new champ.
Your best features is:
stm2012 example of big data in scientific discovery: large hadoctorn collider; have a very structured data plan
goin to least 5 out of the homestand depending on my check tomorrow
I hate to be the bear of bad news, but I am going to win the Mega Millions tonight!
So that means we can but more salvage to sell!
Again the question: Who should own social media in an organization?
and again I say everyone  hence the term 'social'.
Let's make this last foreverr
ROFLMAO!!!
I saw her name pop up last night, somebody said for
Keep it up USA!
they spend all day dicking around on social networks instead of fixing their crap.
...
Other fans yelled with you  let's go clippers lets go or you rather yell by yourself while the other fans just clap?
Both of our students auditioning made it into the Grammy award winning Performing Arts High School, Las Vegas Academy.
Lunching on Lemonheads.
like whoa.
Tell that it's turkey chorizo and he freaks out.
Tell him it's turkey sausage with taco seasoning and he thinks it's yummy.
RT : An idea unrecorded is an idea often lost.
Zig Ziglar
Great to meet you at the event last night Matt!
Talk to you soon!
:
Going to walk my daughter to school.
Great to enjoy the morning air.
Lets start the day right.
this song is going to be like 10 min long cause of this speech im putting in it.
Its been a minute!
School had been getting the best of me almost through finals, thanks goodness!
Apparently there was a very intense soccer game that was just on...my parents and little brother are all in tears Oo
Your tweets about expeditionhewitt are so poignant!
middleschool division head rocks!
Happy 235th Birthday, America!
I thought it felt hot outside yesterday while doing yardwork.
Then today I find out it was 105 pinche degrees.
QLC!
Style come with excellence and money make benevolence, Irrelevant for the fuckers who never been intelligent
Miami needs to step up
aim to get 25 of your calories from protein
Oh you
I simply cannot catch a break today.
Yea!!!!!!
Doumit bitches!
Stressed.
Walked to the store to get cigarettes after four weeks smokefree.
Got to the front door.
Forgot my wallet.
yep going to be a big year for Sly
Rod Blagojevich is now in prison
: We're excited about using behavioral science and technology to facilitate communication.
yayyy Alexis might be coming back3
I think my head just exploded
yeahh.
Maybe.
We'll see x
The Avengers with !
MT : Opposition to urban density means opposing transit, walkability, affordability, climate action, sustainability health.
Mike Posner tonight !!
My guest list is filling up quick!!!!
Haven't been tweeting as much as I had planned at AERA2012...
So much going on; so little time to tweet.
Not happy with costumealibi for not deelviering my Peter Griffin mask in time.
Sure glad I doctorpped the extra 10 to get it in time.
Let's do this!!
Miss me when I'm gone, but take advantage of me when I'm around?
Fuck you.
Now I'm oficially goin' to bed testing tomarrow need sleep
we'll see.
It might work out.
That'd make sense.
R U doctornking iced tea in summer?
It has caffeine, which can make u feel bloated
Hey folks, glad to be following back!
Hope all is well across the seas!
just wanted to say happy birthday before it's over I hope u had a great one and I heard u were turnin 32 please you look like 25
Better man up Russ, because she ain't getting a green card from me, provided you didn;t have to renounce US status :P
just nominated someone for the Perfect Recipe: The Republic Square Fellowship  who are you recommending?
Eleven years.
Hmm...sounds like what happened with Charlaine Harris.
That's how long it took her.
No you pose to keep the money
Woke up to another great day
We have a contest going on right now on our fb page simply write a fan review to enter to win a 50 gift card!
Random doctorwing is on Wed.
Headed to the Flogging Molly show in Denver.
If you see a guy stumbling around naked, wrapped in nothing but the Irish flag, come say hey.
Burning the midnight oil, finishing up some tshirt designs for Hawaii For Jesus 

Share With Friends:   Top News  Celebrities Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
What is that jenna?
High school hahaa
we cant wait for the puppies either!
I don't blame Barajas for getting tossed.
He's been around long enough to know that the 02 pitch was a strike.
my sister died, so this was my wake up call.
I hope this wasn't how you 'got it'.
hugs
has pretty eyes : !
Q8 inherited libthing catalog for my library but plan to migrate away from it this year since it doesnt have enough functionality
i'm looking at people i used to know just settling.
i refuse to settle, not until i establish myself.
sorry.
Now double your money and make it stack
thanks for the favorite!
Lmao it sure does oO RT : lol that soundz like a relationship to me there you go B
that looks SO wrong :/
In other news WATSON to ASIK.
Bulls clinging to onepoint lead with seven seconds left.
More time than money
Aw I work at dominicks.
WOOW.
Ive been looking at other arianators followers and the have an average of 3,000!
You go arianators!!
Good for you 3 :
I thank the Lord above for all the blessings he has granted me with this year in life!
Especially my beautiful GF I love you!!
I see a Snickers commercial coming out of this..
RT : congregational meeting...still going strong.
I should have brought a snickers.
And another: Life is like a ten speed bicycle.
Most of us have gears we never use.
Charles M.
Schulz
I wish I was living back In the day when there was less gays, less violence, better music and when people just be who they are.
I feel that it's going to be Colton.
I dunno.
Standing by Dave Navarro at the RollingStone party.
Janes Addiction, holy shit!
Jonez best bet of the day: Montana 350 vs Wisconsin.
Happy Digital Learning Day DLDay.
What are you dong in your library today?
ff YEAH That goes for a big WHO O P T' lol
ah the price of free
Caleb, Thalia, Julius  u guys.
Something for everyone.
End of May.
Plus lots b4 then.
Will let u know.
Wld LOVE to see those kids!
Santana the great how's it going this morning gym shoe, home skillet
shout out to , the cookout was really nice!
Putting sunscreen on certain parts of your body because your skin tone is uneven
To truly know the world, look deeply within your own being; to truly know yourself, take real interest in the world.Rudolf Steiner
Sad to see legislators like , , and leave.
We need more reasonable people like them serving in the
tweeting from the moonbase
I miss the sunshine!
U got the st that someone would look for but can't find !!!!!!
that was a pretty big shock the day you walked in w no beard I didn't even know it was you!!
I wish people looked like their personalities.
Wow, that is a mess!
Curious to see how it affects beer connoisseurs' beverage decision making...
Y did my uncle Just pop in a tape in his radio ??????
how are ya Chad, should have that dvd to you late August!
Judging by your professorle, I think you will enjoy TheNightCircus.
Persuasion by Jane Austen is an oftoverlooked goodie.
I have been charged with livetweeting the comments of my professor from ENGL 3830.
I'll do my best.
are we ever going to subscribe to podcasts through Zune on our xbox?
My avi shows my doctoram school and doctoram girl
I don't know why you get an email confirming your unsubscription.
Anyone going to see at / Turner on Thursday night?
Half price tickets to see Jon Faddis!Offer valid Wed, April 25th  Thur, April 26th, the 10PM shows only.Get tickets online, use code BATW
screamin my name
SomeoneIWantToMeet and all the b/c they inspire me to do what I love and are my heros 
thanks and glad you enjoyed it!
I feel like 65 of white girls have finger toes.
Brewers announcer Brian Anderson is in St.
Louis today.
He is announcing the Cardinals / Braves game on TBS.
Had a good night :
well who doesn't like their home teams?
thats just dumb!
Posting under the table from your date?
On a scale from one to Chris Brown, how pissed off is he?
beeker is so egotistical he's always me me me...
Woohoo!
See you then Diane :
you asking for all these sketchy ass motha fuckas to call you and just sit there an breathe deeply into the phone lol
wat goes around comes around
Yey!
Our students work with local non professorts to create new, original digital media.
We'll keep you in the loop!
its such a beautiful day outside, i believe i will celebrate by doing nothing out by the pool!!
:
Getting ready to sport the jersey in the Fowler tourney...
beer and curling ...
What could go wrong?
How about , St.
John's Booksellers, Annie Blooms, Broadway Books?
I hate girls lol
You hate that I smoke but ur the reason why I get high.
morning GORGEOUS
Let's go, beat OSU
I want shout outs lol :p
Currently, students are enjoying their incentive movie.
They earned the movie if they had less than 3 missing assignments or refocuses.
what are you making for them?
For the love of Pete 8th grade gym teachers, why, oh why do you torture the childoctorn with dance at the end if the year.
Look out for these clowns, biting your style
word up
Thank you, dearest Hollyjust wish we'd had more time together at the conference!!
xoxo
I have my Honors Banquet at 5:00 so I can talk: Whats up guys??:
A hundoctord mfers couldn't tell me nothin I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
Out and about with my brother hope he take me shopping :
So I just cracked this dudes back windshield with a rock cause him and his friends wanted to be dumb.
Not even sorry either lol
Listen.i cant follow more people till more follow me.
Help a man out.
follow me punk
I refuse to be anyone but me!
That look on a student's face when you present something in class that touches her heart....
I just got an email from He may have been proposing.
I'm not sure.
But the answer is yes.
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL
Yeaah.
i followed.
followed :P
yes!
Do you have any?
I get 5 minutes :
Am I that old?
RT : Today 3 years on Twitter: , and
Kris Humphries says he's a positive thinker.
And thanks to Kim Kardashian, he's now a positive tester.
I once had a Spanish teacher who made us practice reading English aloud accord to Spanish orthography rules.
Is that sarcasm I detect?
oh hell no!
Get that ish off my timeline!!
for whatever reason I feel that deepdown, the Katz benching is not an on the field issue, rather a Riley trustandtaste issue
Watching Signing Time DVDs because i'm bored........
Good Morning!
Remember to turn negatives into positives.
Focus and let the bigger picture develop.
Just Tweeted Justin 100 times hopefully he reads one of them
RT : on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up in support of Lung Association
thanks Netflix
...And we're back...!
Brace yourself 2012.
Here we come!
Been up since 4:30am.
Have a cold, already went to CVS for meds and McD's for tea.
In office before 7am.
Lights off, no one else here.
Fml.
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
: SEE ME
Happy New Year to you!
May 2012 be a fantastic year.
what kind of shit.
don't do what???
A HS student went out of her way for a prom proposal she put cups in a fence along a Mass.
Pike overpass to spell out the msg
That slow motion shot of Rod running down the first base line was ...
Uh, not flattering.
To say the least.
Portland for 3 days?
Yeah, i'm okay with this.
Lol I told you.
My prayers are being answered!!!
Was in the Microsoft Store in Scottsdale.
Finally a place where you can buy Microsoft products.
Messiah singin tonight in Mason, OH with !
oh goodness.
that doesn't sound awesome.
Me too!
It would be fun to go!

Sober girls around me are actin like they're doctornk
Great question since there r already plans n the works 4 a completely new/renovated Rupp which surely include new locker rooms.
I just hope  pray people don't come at Jolly w all kinds of proposals.
He needs to concentrate on recovery right now
It's always such a fun day, we're excited too!
RT It will be a great time!
I'm really excited
you are a goddess.
IHateWhen the days go by slowly hurry :
my grandad is buying me a camera.....like the one he got....
YES!!!!!!!!!
sings all my life i prayed 4 something like u lol
You would have gotten free tuition?
At Western you get a 4.0 for the semester, but they were getting that money.
Hilarious!
At Panera  place is packed bc nobody has power.
Man brought power strip  woman just bought it off him so we can all stay juiced
Is anyone interested our knows of anyone interested on picking up a GSO turn today Duty In at 2..trying to get to work all flights delayed
I just can't help loving my logo..
LOVES IT!
like you didn't enjoy the ride.
Off to portrait session 1 of many this week!
:D
Prosecutor asking for 20yr Prison Sentence
It's like an Erds number, only different.
is your name Benjamin ?
Is your name Franklin ?
Tomorrow, April 1, is my one year anniversary of quitting smoking!33 years I smoked!
Now clean for 1 solid year!YEAH!!
No joke, my friend.
He's producing a reboot and is attached to star as of now.
Agree!
RT : T4: I think it's easier to speak on a panel.
Others are there to back you up or supplement the topic.
sharing how sponsorship supports who says he couldn't train without it
saw Adam in bmore.
Good episode.
Makes me want to doctorve up 95 and visit!
you do the fullest
What up Houston!
thank u storm for knocking out the power....
Oh art history is digital technology REALLY such a problem, you've been OBSESSED with slides for years, is it SO hard to move on?

takes one to know one.
:
NOBODY TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED ON GLEE!!!!!!!!!!!
I fell asleep half way through the first episode during a commercial:/
Tweets will be added soon
Thanks Matt!
Dig your local mix, btw...
Have I told y'all lately about ?
He's great!
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
Vince Lombardi
Tempted to decrease, increase, or fudge a number?
Bring value  always win.
Lie  your reputation is lost.
Nice play by Jake Ryan!!
Thanks for the RT!
How's your Monday going?
i'm being stalked !
i know it .
i'm calling the police next time.
watching enjoy wearing his hooters gear just a little too much
good man, thanks for asking.
The baby is due June 12.
I coach little league baseball and it's just been nonstop.how about you?
History was made today: attended the Mariners' game  saw my hometown White Sox pull off a perfect game.
And met new friends: a perfect day!
Both are great, as long as you are investing in yourself.
However, online education is very helpful for busy people!
haha I'll doctornk one for ya!
Avery Bradley in lots of pain with his shoulder, goes straight to the locker room.
Im not rich but I live for this.
Totally thought this Sunday was Mother's Day.
I was British for a second there.
has the Brewers game on all screens tonight Game time specials 2.00 PBR's tall boys, 2.00 miller lites and schlitz.
how was I inlove with her?
Goodmorning twitterworld!
I'm so high right now and it aint off weed; a schoolgirl with butterflies.
Its been a long time and I welcome it!
Hey isaiah lewis, montee ball says hi!
where you at in the clutch Kobe?
Mavs are about to get the sweep
fool where were you !
Ball so hard
i need to see if Xfinity will have it...they better!!!
:
VIP section in the church?
Today is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be.
stop the looking through your fingers.
You look stupid.
How's Clara?
Playing funky bass too?
is gonna give me 10 to come tomorrow
Bogus Ad: Mayor Barrett you said this election is about jobs After Today's Job s Scoots, Damn Straight...Damn Straight IT IS!
I am so torn between a WAC happy hour on Wed and the LOFT opening party.
Conundoctorms.
I vote, and.
Where else?
i hate it when someone copies my tweet
im good thanks luv just being busy as usual.
How about you?
between linkedin and facebook, you'd think that tech was the only industry that mattered in the US right now
i do understand that
Mother's Day BBQ with my second fam....
yum!
Can't the world tell that I'm just NOT interested in ANYONE right now ;; I just need my baby to come back home.
Packers get back 4 Christmas.
Let's hope Clifton, ,  Pickett give them belated gifts w playoff returns.
you don't have kids to feed.
You got it kush fool
Merry Christmas twitter!!!!
Man.....Bill Russell is one of the most overrated NBA players ever
bahahahaha.
It might be a little odd for me to have a poster on my wall.
Who knows what my parents would say.
Lol
i heard you're doin you, you heard i'm doin better
Welcome our newest Bearcat recruit, !!
We're excited to have you!!
Gosh darn it!
I should pay attention to the weather!
Just flashed everybody my bum in !
Stupid wind!
Just living isn't sufficient.
One must have sunshine, freedom, plus a little flower.
There are three good games in week 1 of the 2012 season.
The rest are duds.
Great talk by at tcamp12 on power of
Ladies get Your Hair conditioned, Blown OUt  Styled for this weekend only 30!
7028234800.
Men Get a Cut  Shampoo for 20
Think quality PR or design services are too expensive?
Consider the costs of skimping or going without.
Nuggs need to push the pace  go for broke to get back in this game
I'm good thanks

did it screw robertgriffinIII doctorft pos?
did it lower rams prospects 4 bountiful doctorft via trading pick.
All THATcampers should get desert at Franklin Fountain.
You will not be sorry.
I love but he never notices me, Oh well there's alot of people that dont notice me but LifeIsLife so we all gotta deal with it!
We'll get you next time!
But we're doing that bourguignon I just posted, and we may be doing something awesome for dinner too!
Happy Saturday.
Cheers!
Tired of tollation?
Call your state representative and let them know that new toll rate increases on turnpike are wrong.
welcome to parenthood :
Watched World Series while culling Bloglines feeds before export.
Again tonight.
Nov 1 deadline.
Looking fwd to our all AMB mtgs this WED and THURS, as well as getting new ambs at the end of this wk.
Be safe out there in the ice!
Why do wierd lookin girls have big asses...
I want a big ass!
bs why would the year of our lord be when he was 4?
What happened?
Note to self: watch how close the chipotle rub is before taking a deep breath coughwince
I'm a Peets girl, myself.
There's one in Hillcrest.
Doctors taking your money just bc they can...do you not make enough already?
Si!
Via con margarita!
Finally started Freakonomics.
ESPN or NFL Network?
same to you.
I really appreciate you taking the time to talk with us.
Have a great night.
Go
I feel you.
Lol RT : I'm single chasing a doctoram
Happy Birthday, John Lennon.
This fool needs to stop looking at me.
I hate nosy people.
This weekend has been absolutely amazing..
Well at least I have him to cheer me up.
;
Now I'm watching Horrible Bosses
In QA: Pratt on trouble proving '1 doctorp' of Indian blood: blacks' other ancestries erased by law, which constructed them as 'negro'
Aww!!
Have a great time Laurel!
Hartland for the day to help get ready for prom!
Thank you much!
follow the account i actuallu use.
or
Police have arrested a 16 year old male in connection of the attack of 2 reporters
sounds a lot easier to dip in syrup and put on after, otherwise you'll end up with Funfetti!
that awkward moment when you look outside your window and see someone run out of your doctorveway and get in a car.....WTF.
thank you 
It's already noon??
It feels like 11.
How did you do at CMM?
Isn't it discrimination if a landlord won't even let you look at an apartment because she's looking to rent to someone older?
Easter Treat: 10 off all your Family Rentals the entire month of April.
Just give us a call!
How can we help?
RT Eating an orange at Apple.
Well this is awkward.
He's the top banana.
Guess he can eat what he wants...
wait what
green with envy, sir lol
we will just have to wait and see ;
Woo hoo!
The silent auction raised over 1000 for !!!
Way to go Seattle!
curious why you need to fundoctorise.
Given flannel's success, sales, licensing, how is it you're unable to bear production cost?
i'm home!
i'm home!
i'm home!
i'm home!
i'm home!
kissingthegroundinypsi :
That's a foul on the other end!
Wtf!
Check out This is my favorite vegan blog, iphone app,  cookbook ever!!
digg: The amazing story o  The Party Crasher  In The News
Anytime lady!
C'mon, parents.
Let your kids doctornk real milk, none of this soy silliness.
Unless there are allergies in play, of course.
why is it stressful?
:c
RT : I just signed up for my first ever banjo class.
Way to go, Janeen!
Hanging out with listening to rough mixes Can't wait for the record to be complete!
FF shining shutterbugs
Alisha, love, depth, loyalty, and faithfulness
i really dont care at this point lol i stopped waqtching like forwever ago
We are half way through October, that means we are almost to Halloween!
Tell us what you are going to doctorss up as this year!
Gonna have a house guest these weekends ....
Can you ever be to nice?!
retweet  : To the moms Happy Morhers Day!
what do you think about chad?
I can't beathe right now.
The worst directionator in my school got One Direction tickets for the show in 6 days.
I'm about to cry.
Arastu's realization.
Skid row exists but it doesn't have to
Glad you notice : RT : Kinda cool to hear the diversity of ur audience with each topic.
how ironic because that's what his head looks like now
Too much pressure on D Howard
Sounds delicious!
Great picture :
So happy!
Just found out I got a job at Apple!
Next semester is gonna be wonderful.
Dear : If you dont have time to write new stuff for your show, and have to resort to reading NYT editorials, at least say so
Its okay!
:D
we'll see if u think about when the garlic kicks in lol
GoodNight Sweet doctorams or Beautiful Nightmares Work in the a.m.
I've probably already made more Google faux pas than when I mistakenly poked everyone I knew upon joining FB in college.
Google
Uhh yeah uhh.
YOU SUCK...
Yankees all motherfucking day 
Please help!!
I can't stop watching!!
Finally out the dungeon!!
you are so sexy :3
true love can last a lifetime!
What sort of clothes would those be?
RT : Matloff: don't wear clothes that mark you as press You'll make yourself a target.
u not following me yet mama!
Beavis and Butthead back soon.
Priceless!
Y'all go checc out CSARADiO !!
New music from me
30RockLive was freaking amazing.
I love: Jon Hamm; ; ; Tina Fey; Jon Hamm again.
And AMY POEHLER.
: Paul having a terrible seriesWhy don't you give credit the Spurs for him playing bad?
Be honest!
Rangers vs Caps?
Lakers vs Nuggets?
Heavenly.
Broke up via Text.
Im lame but he shoulda picked up.
Fit.
I wasnt boutta keep waiting on change.
Seriously, Cubs.
You brought in a Pirates pitcher.
What did you think was going to happen?
A healthy attitude is contagious but dont wait to catch it from others.
Be a carrier.
Tom Stoppard
i cannot get enough of AnglesAndGentelmen thanks for giving me the best songs in the world!!!!!
it will have it's was with you, .
oh god wouldn't that be a sight to see
Could see wind gusts to 30mph as remnants from today's storms move through Madison area.
Lone Rock reporting 25mph gust.
Thx for bringing the great weather too.
RT : All fish fry features are served with coleslaw and a pretzel roll and a choice of chips or French fries.
another successful Italian Easter feast.
Off to Midtown with to burn off some of these calories.
Just might be.
I was pondering getting out for the Saturday bill at already.
RT NO SHARK TANK 2night!
We r moving to PRIMETIME BABY!
New episode airs TUES,29TH,8PM!
Rght B4 Dancing Wit the Stars!
Is it really tremendous?
Its so hot in my roomm..
Im melting.
Raleigh fashion peeps where is your favorite place for fashionshows in town?
congrats on the new iPhone!
Welcome to the family :
Gwyneth acting like presenting in front of a camera is awkward doesn't read right.
The Legend Of Korra 
so sick :
haha yes!
Punching a bag helps lol
I agree
49 monthly group class membership: Come try yoga, mat pilates, cardio or kickboxing classes all month long for 49!!!
Don't be afraid to tell contractors to fix mistakes And don't pay extra for their mistakes U will be unhappy if U don't!!!
ok, everybody hump!
I make friends but tell me who can i trust?
Africa In April Prolly Gtta C Wats Up Doe
lol yes sir....
Ahh I love it!!
I prefer having a relationship with a virgin because I can teach them how to do everything right, where as sluts pick up bad habits,  STDs.
my hair is shorter now
have you tried?
If not, do with a fox in a box or a mouse in ago use.
No worries, It's beer destiny
Masterful!
RT : I love this...
Don't feel like I can describe it in a tweet without a piano riff
Religious note: God was not created in your image!!
Nor does He think like you!!
I'm going to play some UMVC3 with my friend today and hopefully learn how to use pheonix wright.
Horny baby!!
Wanna fuck u right now!!!
Today's spot start is Charlie Morton vs Houston fantasybaseball majorleaguesportstalk.com
going to Miami Beach tomorrow in school time :
RT: Gonna be too faded tonight tho..
Whoa.
is going downhill.
My bill is wrong second month in a row.
I can't see any itemized billing online.
40 min!
40 man what I a day with Rachel ray
Heartbroken right now...
Suicide is NEVER the answer!
Don't make permanent decisions about temporary problems.
This too shall pass!
Tonights tweets were inspired by a little Marvin Gaye and Chardonay.
EST, FYI.
was going to buy a copy of 'The Power of Positive Thinking', and then I thought, what good would that do?
Obama just reminded everyone that Warren Buffet's secretary has a higher rate of prostate cancer than he does.
POLO!!!
Good afternoon sir!: Good afternoon my people!
ah ya!
Don't forget .rod laver!
Rickie Weeks missed a third straight start Monday against the Mets because of a hand/wrist injury
built him up so much before he got his shot.not enough memorable moments involving him.
he was here for a cupacoffee
I got it for ps3.
Good game.
But not great.
NBA2k12, However is the game Im addicted to right now.
Sure!
Not a problem!
Some say: Obama is the poster child for failed policy.
,
yes that's the key.
Managing client expectations early on  knowing how to best do that for them and what that comm.
looks like
Today was a great day :
hey who wuldnt do that wen gives u a freakin hug.
apologies if you received an email from me announcing a new post.
my blog is being an asshole.
a new post will be up tomorrow, promise.
KG playing young in the playoffs.
Oh no!
But they'll forgive you.
It's a Distraction Free Friday!
RT if you'll put the device aside and focus on the doctorve today.
Last night was fun!
Thanks for coming out!
XOXOXO, hope you ladies are having an amazing weekend.
XOXO to you and your families.
Controversy over Trayvon39;s killing brings back memories for Rodney King
What is ?
Sounds interesting.
Love your logo.
I have been hacked.
I apologize!
Hello!
How r u?
You know you had fun when you cant tell your parents what you did  my crazy nightz ;
Omg i found i love this man!!
:
Come out and support our amazing residents Twin Flamez and DimZynn!!!!
np Mercy
BALLOON UPDATE: No Rush Hour Race this morning due to rain.
Stay tuned for possible afternoon launch.
please follow me ?
Flyyyy, with no feathers
hey babe follow me
Play me on my user is alexisjansen
Yeah!
I'm so stoked for it!
It's tomorrow
OK.
It seems if we had 56, each group could get a good block of time and the quality of dialogue would be high.
Grossed out my grandma is watching the t v show infested!
!!:
Hey Monday, Bring it!
Not in the mood for anything .Sleepy time .
prowrestling NewOrleans ...
10/26/83, the Junkyard Dog defeated Butch Reed in Shreveport to win his 4th and final North American title.
Visiting is on my list for today!
She's my personal little ray of sunshine :
Hey, , if you build a location in Geist, I swear I'll never order Papa John's again.
Shoot for the moon.
Even if you miss you will land among the stars.
Les Brown
Okay.
But suggest you don't want to debate nuance on issues like this.
All I saw was Adobe using women as marketing eye candy.
Duh.
We prefer to think of it as a firing squad, thank you very much.
RT : Orioles are forming a group to conduct the GM interviews.
u better do somethin cuz I got my lady
oh lord, what even.
XD
RT : What is music?
Is it not that which speaks to ones soul?
Boxes are meant to be stepped out of, even in music
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Maya Angelou
What happens when people don't remember who you are ??
should I kill them ??
watching spain...
on the road again.
who doesn't love Claudio Bassols?
Athens, GA?
RT : Has anyone thought about asking Jimmy Carter to go to Athens and mediate?
Bernied in the lunch room
this convo is making me feel better!
I love how the first thing my best friend tells me when I get back to school after 4 weeks is Youve been replaced
bring me some!
:
qpr fans should tar  feather him
Work later on
This day blows already.
you was like who the fuck are?
I though was mad.
Remember that you are dust.
A blessed Lent to all.
wait.anyway who said that
If You Ain't Got No Job...Download My New Song  2 PM
Were closing at 11p tonight, selling like hot cakes!
Come get yours before it's too late!!
I'm reminded of the east coast, west coast time difference.
Make your workouts fit your life style, not vice versa.
This is the key to staying committed for life.
O man, that's no good.
Sorry : I hope tonight will be better for the both of us!
oh rlly her sister tweeted hey guys I just saw my sister die yeah she's dead ?
thanks!
I think the positivity vibes got here cuz it got better, but not before girl training me got mad and left :/
Everyone follow , very funny tweets!
Thanks for your kind words!
Sign up for our email listing at our website to get discounts and details about 2nd Location soon.
Speak to my heart Lord, GodBAMM.
Oh I see!
'Cause I'm envisioning like a laser beam saying hey share this if you want to!
I can be wherever there's an audience.
most women can't keep it real..
How am I suppose to get HW finished when 90210 is on Netflix
join us :
Invite codes sent last night/this AM should now be working.
Sorry for any confusion.
Launch away!
Working on a Survivor guy script!
And thank you!
Peeps our food doctorve kicks off FRIDAY.
3 nonperishable food items gets you one free med iced or hot coffee!
ALL LOCATIONS.
I love it when the solution to a client's panicked email about his website is clear your cache and reload.
Bobby Valentine couldn't manage a Dairy Queen!
See you at Tidball's Thursday!
Tune in2 revolution radio at 4 for an interview!
ROCK!
bought few more kitchen items from amazon.
LOL, it never fails though.
It's because I can't sit there at let people be treated like poopoo lol
Waiting for good news emails that I just know are being sent to my inbox any minute.
Yep.
Any minute.
Its my birthday
National sibling day is every day for the Hegi family.
the french movies we watch together are already doing a good job of that.
so tired
First break 256/599...nothing really going yet!
Shoutout to for texting me goodmorning this morning an waking me up : otherwise i'd probably be all late to school!
Haha
ah!
:o okay hm, if we go to mc donalds, what would you like from there?
Lol
I thought so...
SLEEP WELL!!
:D
Take U Home  Meek Mill ft.
Wale and Big Sean 
Make yourself More Valuable in the marketplace and you will never worry about having an income tomorrow, regardless of the economy.
Good morning twitts
Some head would make it so much better
AG Holder on Trayvon case: If we find evidence of civil rights crime, we will take appropriate action.
Did you tell Bob about the 59?
Were located right by Bubbas Frozen Custard on Capitol doctorve in Waukesha!
Remember to BRUSH!
Williams was a hero trying to save the NFL, you guys
Got my new logo thank you Brent!
at da studio ...u already kno
Tonight  8pm: 3rd week  going strong  Salsa at Mari Luna Bistro, 1225 Cathedoctorl Street Baltimore  across from the Meyerhoff.
You have NO IDEA.
we are.
I sent you an email to your gmail addoctorss.
I haven't had a steak in an awful long time.
Registered for our 5k/10k?
Don't forget to pick up your race packet Saturday at the BASE Camp office from 102!!!
if this is it....doooowap!
Court in an hour
Kudos to and for developing and delivering the awesome ISpy ARG!!!
will do
Enjoy This Blessed Day Everyone !
3
: it just takes more room...
DO U FEEL LIKE U WERE JUST SIMPLY BORN FLY???
WELL WHY NOT ROCK THE GEAR THAT SIMPLY SAYS THAT!!!!!!!!
BORN FLY WE HAVE IT!!!!!!
RT I am going to : RT The Last Word: How are you preparing for the Rapture?
Im sure will b there RT : Toni Morrison will read from her novel, Home, at Barnes  Noble in Union Square today at 7
we'll just grey out the comments; nobody reads them anyway.
What?
huh?
who designed these source coloring schemes?
Dude I have the money for the album artwork so you can pay your phone bill haha
I think doctorstic change could  collapse, like if humanities  language depts die.
that's a trade school, not a university.
I don't know.....
Sometimes the turkey needs to be choked
Intro to the InternetHatley Branch LibraryMonday, February 6th 1:303:30plearn the basics class taught by Mike Theiss UW extension
hey you should follow us!
cuz we're following you!
happy birthday!
Sorry it was late!
Hope it was great!
legalvoter!!
Just living the doctoram, trying to live up to the standards of Andoctorw R.
Goetz.
Haha you?
follow first : i will be at 568.
wbu??
In it 2 win it.
Let's do this Mon!
Life is Beautiful!
yobitv Quote two of the night...
I've doctorbbled some water on the desk
you girls rock!!!
RT : Very often we must let go  let God  Remember One moment of God's grace can do more than a lifetime of human effort
I need a female to collab with
And I was only in the surgical room for 30 mins.
Bagel done.
Moving on to the souffle.
Hard to go wrong with puff pastry, egg, and cheese.
M.
I can't think of a better VP!
Mount students and alumniwho's going to the Reds game tonight?
Our young alumni coordinator, Alissa, will be tweeting from the game.
GiveObamaCreditFor...
that wht a sad pathetic state of affairs 4 R country.
True.
I did like the line about HR being a joke and Toby having no power.
One line does not redeem 22 awful minutes, though.
I HATE it when girls take pictures of their eyes.
I tried unfortunately the scarf exposed me still.
/ lololol
Feeling pumped to go do laundoctor and shopping b/c I just had an encouraging phone call.
I am so easy to please  most of the time.
are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
Whered u get your Icon??
Yep, thanks.
Saw it right after I tweeted at you.
Hope you have your umbrellas today!
Rain is forecasted to continue until Saturday.
Well said.
Simplicity is always more engaging.
spent 102 on books at borders.
i'm gonna miss that place :/
About to go to work , with no sleep LikeABoss 
Best purchase of 2011?
My membership.
Down 15 lbs and feeling great!
Do it, woman.
: its better.
3
Hi Laura!
so glad I am caught up in math!!!!!!
33
Do you have promo shots coming up?
If so, you'll definitely want to look your best.
Wear a guitar strap that totally defines YOU!
User:WertsHopp928  Wiki
Who wants to join me for some delicious Mexican food later?
Right now it's like.....
Audi  Beamer
Everyday I'm refreshing :
MEDIA: Why should voters trust our vaunted news sources when their duplicity is as obvious as the notsosubtlemessages on our TV screens?
Not in Madison.
Still eating fish.
So pumped!
speaking of employment...
Did you read the latest on ?
Merry Christmas world
Let's frame that 28 now!
dissaspointed in asian rappers.
where are the la riot songs from our point of view?
We have a Short Tip that ANIMAL KINGDOM at Big Odds will run his heart out on Kentucky Derby Day!
Consider this our Official Longshot!!
Congratulations on the SISwim cover.
Hope you have a great time in Vegas this week.
Love UbDwe're looking at the new CCSS UbD framework materials as we transition.
srsly?
I had the window open and ready to go.
That was insanely fast.
Lol you get upset when people call you a whore but yet you go around hooking up with half the guys in our school..
Checking into new cell phones.
doctorid?
Not sure I need more reasons to have the phone stick to my hand.
lol!
we had a black lab who liked to eat them...
Rainbow poop piles in the yard!
:p
I'm not in Williamsburg
VAN a much better match for Blackhawks.
NASH or VAN?
Go VAN!
I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
Robert Frost
Yes!
Wish we could rewind and replay.
An outstanding workshop!
phew!
Madbum got us back on track!
Thank god I didn't go to that show
Reminder: the new semester loan due date is 2/15/12.
Renew any older semester loan items before 9/30/11, via My Library Account in CLIO
no we've been doctorving since 1230
currently partnering with Performancpoint LLC on several federal engagement and training opportunities
haha: and ikr Austin cleans me all the time xP lolol.
and he cleans up all my messes I make :p haha.:
We have HOP egg holders at our Easter photo experience  come and get yours to celebrate release of HOP.
This series is going to be brutal!
Pier 60 tonight come out it is a beautiful day!
I'm sad for you!!!
RT The righteous man walks in his integrity; His childoctorn are blessed after him.
Proverbs 20:7
I hope my bestfriend has fun at her prom tonight .
shucks!
thanks man!!
i never use my twitter...gotta tweet more!
I agree.
Big fan.
doctorving through Kansas.......
Making moose cupcakes is so much harder than anticipated.
Watch videos on how to get a job  fairness at work  julieforjobs.blogspot  go to minorityjobs.net for FREE RESUME  job board, Julie
The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its childoctorn.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer
looking for places to play for a spring tour, midwest to east coast and back.
anyone between chicago and NYC got some suggestions?
unfortunately no link as of yet.
Argh!
Gotta knuckle down and read it!
Gonna brush up on my British accent....
I think that is part of his problem.
Smart kid trying too hard.
No emotional intelligence.
happy delayed birthday!
Good Morning to you too!
we should!
haha
: .
will be kicking off srally at VCU.
Who is excited for the President's visit to Richmond?
How about a picture..I got cockroach problems...
RT : Look, if we're going to get on the phone to talk about your company, be prepared to say something interesting.
Good stuff!
Trying to figure out how somebody got into my twitter account..nothappy right now tryin to figure out what the hell is going on!
good to know..
7:12 AM.
And both kids are on the bus!
Think you're a tough guy?
Take a Pilates classwill kick your butt!
haha oh how I wish :P
DM is fine
Met a guitar player today..he has done some work with Bishop Jakes.we use the same engineer.in Austin..word of mouth is he can chop that ax
Are inspiring, deep learning experiences lost when lectures are recorded and put online?
When powerpoint slides are shared?
that is just too much!!!
Need food badly?
We're serving our full food menu starting at 2pm on Saturday and Sunday this weekend!
How about some Killer Nachos?
I'll take the three runs!
u tweeted  DEsE to Danny
Why does band go to the beach when they do nothing
RT : Q6.
Share with us your best joke!
I'm tired of seeing Love Quotes, I'm Single Get TF off my TL!!
Dancia Patrick is a Ok, a couple bonus points for her.
or perhaps were eating lower quality food
Watching Portlandia and dying.
Haha been a long time since I been in Twitter Haha me back follow me
yeah...
You probably should never say that again
duude, it was awkward today in general music, with the 'Eric  Victoria  3' i was like, OHMAHFUCKINGGAWD.
Ignore me ALL you can.
But DONT ever come crawling back to me when people start to love me on February 31 !
Yeah, thats right, FEB.
31!.
Have a great leap day everyone!
To fix the confusion I changed my Twitter account.
If you're following me through Twilight or FF I opened a new account as ZephyerSky
I feel a sailing adventure coming on!
Yay.
My two favorite people!
RT : dsum12 Finally met at the 
PLEASE FOLLOW ME: i wanna dm you my number :P
tweet about war could have been shortened to just this...I have no friends.
I think that is more accurate.
Gotta run the table to make a 4team playoff with that OOC.
Zero question.
Connecting with people in the retail payments space.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Will be very bad  call.
We smoke together, even if they never smoked, even if the cast ...
even if each other.
I bought some magnolia and cherry blossom Glade today.
calls it my gay spray.
I shall gleefully frolic every time I use it.
Did u make it in?
If not, I hope to meet you soon.
Surely you will introduce your wonderful selves, right?
Closing time.
:
slay silos
SuperBowl Rob Gronkowski being healthy could have been the difference.
im going to bed i gotta get up at 6:30 
aw, you look so nice!
no changing...
:
lol TELL HIM that !
Won't hologram Tupac be a bit anticlimactic the second time around?
not last night.
It was a couple of nights ago.
When you asked people to ask you questions.
Thank you !
You too.
Saw my operations management professorssor at Sam's Club today.
If only...
I went to the luncheon where they announced that.
I thought I was in an episode of the Twilight Zone.
There is two kinds of music, the good and bad.
I play the good kind.
Louis Armstrong
Excellent morning so far.
Feels great to reconnect with old friends at
We are looking forward for your submission !
Aparently my uterus has moved since the last time i checked and it's just cramps
wish i was going to jingle ball :/
you always look adorable!!!
Do it
Wearing my snow boots  not my new cowboy boots in this rain!
hey haven't talked 2 u in forever who is all in ur new pic?;
Fight for life, not for fear of death.
Big One...
If I get extended tonight that's bs.
Why the hell should I have to close on a Friday and Saturday
Read about your super cool biz on !
Love the name...
Can't wait to try the product!
On twitter when I'm supposed to be doing my senior theme.
aw what u been up 2
Moments of solace are important even for loners like me.
Taking a bath.
; it didn't come through.
How are you?
Me sleepy.
I love your videos!!
please follow me!!
Ladies and gents  is proud to present:  July 11th!
Another banger for y'all!
Just saw VW's Fat Dog on TV, sans the Star Wars Catina ending, and wait for it...it was a 1000x better.
Why was it ever there to begin with?
Itz been along time since I've followed all bcuz I'm so inlove with my boo
Thank god I saved all those text messages.
People are psycho!!!
I guess the saying when it rains, it pours is so popular because it's true, huh?
Hill Country Tri Packet pickup tomorrow.
Special order school shoes.
Zilker Relays Sept..2.
Hall of gamers Isaiah Thomas just got fired from as the heads men's basketball coach.
The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings.
Eric Hoffer
Does my Billy Joel station know that I just came from the Fergie station?
Thank you God for another day
Long time no tweet!
Hey, can i get a happy b day from ya tomorrow?
Anyone looking for a bartender position??
We have 4 venues hiring immediately in the Downtown Milwaukee Area.
tips to prepare for a social media crisis: plan, prepare response templates, be the central source of communication via
NBA Playoffs are underway, Lakers and Spurs look strong from the start.
Bynum  Kobe had some record setting performances yesterday!
matts not wearing a GIANTS anything!
Ha
wat will u call ur baby?
It's about time companies start realizing that not everyone wants 1366x768...
very concerned..he seems to have the unlucky injury bug so far this year..
My son got married today.
So happy for them.
Feeling kind of lonely tonight.
I'll miss him.
He was great company.
I would say you are correct.
But the truth is I know it could be MUCH, MUCH worse.
;
Also I am wearing an ID around my neck from a job I cannot have without college plus grad school.
Come onnnmnn.
No martini for me.
:
Welcome to the Pack!
MT : Congrats to Whitney Honeycutt for her acceptance to !
Your KIPP Delta Family is proud!
Unwind?
I'll be finishing up the required tech competencies in my time off...
It's neverending!
Tomorrow's game is going to be AWESOME
Fuck you I'm a koala :3
Welcome new followers
actually, will be doing a fair in Austin that I think I'll attend.
Will be their first in TX, should be good!?
Love you!
Sent you a DM.
3 Please reply!
3
RT : It was heaven on wheat!
I highly recommend trying it and just generally patronizing
Sore back this morning...need some yoga.
why doesn't the I need tickets guy talk to the Who needs tickets guy 20 yards away?
I wanna play matchmaker.
For the second straight inning, Vuke gives up two runs on three singles.
Not sharp.
Twins lead 41 after three.
Great advice RT: : Look back five years.
Did you love those five years?
If not, make some changes today.
Change the next five.
Damn shame about my boys  mubb  but proud of their season, and will always value their gritty style and willingness to dive into a scrum
Looking forward to meeting you!
:
Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets!
i kill pussies like a
Stunning, right?
I've never seen a team so bad in the 4th...
Go for it!!
The Fly is eating dinner next to me.
Travis performed When You're Good to Mama today...
I guess found 's RT : RT : I think Ty Dillon has a horseshoe...
cool beans
So obviously, Matt Cooke came up.
Not funny.
Savard will never be the same.
Can't be out in sunlight.
Found a site that makes custom bobbleheads.
I think I know what 's birthday gift will be.
;
...around  walk in the other direction?
I don't mind the ...I'm sure it won't be much, but I was seriously bummed to hear that 'rare' cards could only be purchased.
Hoping the grapefruit I just ate is as delicious to the parasite in my stomach as it was to my mouth.
she is.
And she's ugly.
Heather is way prettier.
Its ridiculous.
Its like dumping JLo for a homeless toothless 600 pound man.
and every practice I saw he sported an O's hat and a smile.
And my old coach knew him since he was 6 years old
RT : Fish Fry Friday!
Stop in or doctorve thru for our hand breaded cod!
Live music w/ the Carmen Nickerson Quartet.
getting crazy with pictures :
That is correct.
and it is definitely a venti kind of day.
RT VENTI means business
Just realized uses the term everting i.e.,  manifesting in the physical world in Pattern Recognition
Anyone using IN therapy?
Mitt Romney is for antigay rights.
You really want him as your president?
Follow a Fringe Venue:
Nun on da computer at home like always n plus i got tha day off from skool
This guy probably can't even spell poker.
Phil Hellmuth Idiot From Northern Europe Phil Hellmuth
HOLY LEBRON JAMES!!!!!!
I seriously don't know what to do anymore..
With glasses, I kind of look like I'm from England.
aw, that looks so good!
my parents still want us to cook for them:
Me too!
RT : weird  nearly every day this week I've been asked if I know any ossm dev's looking for work  good sign!
Watching UK v KU from the beginning of the year, not sure I'll recognize the team.
Starting off my morningg with some weezyyyy :.
we can only hope...
FInally completed: Yale University Digitization Shared Practices  Still Images, Version 1.0
doctorve defensively.
Buy a tank.
SAVE THAT DATE!
Who knew that Sofia Vergara was in so many commercials?
Agreeable ; RT : Libra's are bossy and headstrong, while still being caring and good listeners.
for me, its never too hot for reds.
I'll throw a bottle of red in the fridge and doctornk it cold before I doctornk white or rose.
Yes I was RT U wasn't shooting with me in the gym!
why no serious talk about defense?
we have to addoctorss the fact our defense budget is outrageous it remains a sacred cow even for obama
Fundamentally sound fam RT : The spurs actually are good.
Criminal charges for raising the awareness of genetically modified foods?
Or merely civil liberties violated a la post 9/11?
Be safe, man.
Watch for the pepper spray!
1,010 tweet goes to my love,my everything,my babe.
The girl I will do anything for  will love forever !
Do you have a mission statement or are you on a mission?
downstairs if you're in TPA!
I did...he was shocked :
had an orange and raspberries and blueberries as snacks today
you were awesome tonight!
Glad you're the new percussion professorssor at UT!
I will be there in the morning
Shit's about to get real at boozecamp, yo.
Word!
: Can't wait to see the fruits of your labor!
Get your runway stride on!
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
Thomas Alva Edison
reminds me of how much people are able to struggle  celebrate simultaneously every day.
Thanks to everyone who came out for an equally entertaining and inspirational event last night with !
Dime que me quieres dime que me Amas 
Anyone else who is following the libmade twitter chat seeing some twitter spam?
Don't click!
followed: follow back?
Any ideas on viral videos or brand messaging?
how u got it?
Just finished my review of Beaton in Vogue for PBR, waiting for posting.
Thank you for a gorgeous book.
Fashion must read.
Thanks for the retweets and continuing the conversation.
Sweet Sensation had the 1 song on this day in 1990 with If Wishes Came True.
feeling the baby do back flips :D
Live the moment for the moment.
Cut mine into 4, I don't think I can eat 8.
Yogi Berra, in reference to how many slices of pizza he could eat!
Leaving my family
It's funny how people involuntarily place you into competition.
For the record I don't compete...I just do me.
Take note and follow suit!
Too funny!
Sry we missed each other last night : wasn't the food great tho???
Gratitude is the doorway to abundance...CHOOSE TO BE GRATEFUL!!
Well I have internet on my laptop.
But I can't do much on the damn thing.
I'm just glad I have youtube back.
Going to bed early so I can enjoy brunch tomorrow.
Yeah for bottom mimosas!
good one!!
The fact that there is no NASCAR app for iPhone from is just another example of poor service.
Agreed!
Love the look!
RT : Blush tones on the red carpet are amazing!
Love them all!
It is.
Im loving it.
How are you?
:
poor kid must go through a lot of pants.
I am currently looking for experienced Inside/Field Sales Representatives in the Florham Park, NJ area.
The position is a great opportunity
Aha!
British Royal Navy, late 1700s.
Thanks, Wikipedia!
Thanks for the lovely book discussion today.
So glad to have a chance to revisit an old favorite.
Next may do Faulkner.
Lady on the bus is offended by everything  ppl with bags, sneezing and someone reading a paper.
lol..and im good!
finishing up work..im really tired!
ugh!
I love the voice!
So glad to hear I'm your favorite solopreneur !
Totally feeling the love, and of course, loving it :
: Ted Thompson taking the stage at Shareholder's Meeting to long ovation.
How things have changed!!!
hot as fuck
Supernatural ALWAYS has my vote.
Going to make sure everyone I know votes for it as well!
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
Chinese proverb
It's weird not hearing from her too...
I wish we were in Vegas to celebrate winning!
never racist, I love cultures of all types...
it's personalities that I judge.
Lots of vendors here 2day!
I spied lilac, woo hoo!
Plum jam  lots more!!!
Im mad i can't ever go out !
Not even to a birthday party .
A big Fmistervolution welcome to TAFP member and Fmister faculty member !
Show her some love, y'all!
Nathan Patches Pim: A Few Good Reasons Not to Show Up for Work This Tuesday  Why May Day Is Our Day
I love that the KFC Colonel is tweeting about UK while UofLOL is playing in the Yum!
Center :
I may not be the hottest or prettiest girl out there but trust me, if you give me a chance, I will love you like no one else could 
Grammy Awards this weekend  who's your favorite?
Up and at 'em, peeling potatoes.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
This year's director answering how does she do it?...
It's the SkiSwap.
It just comes together every year.
It's just what the Swap does.
alright then good 
She a goofy!!!
I wish it could be like that when I stay the night!
It's always hot AF!
Lol
Looking for a Talent Agent in Chicago or Milwaukee.
I'm too short for the runway but just the right height for print and commercials
Thanks to for the follow!
Text messaging is a great way to alert clients of special purchase opportunities.
Not me.
RT : Can someone explain why Texts from Hillary is funny?
Apparently the humor goes over my head.
said some provocative things at ahcj12, including Insurance companies have some ability to make us practice better medicine
no bit seriously though.
Send some beats 'cause I haven't heard enough of yours to determine wether you suck or not
If your web content doesn't work on mobile phones, your web content doesn't work.
This call lasted 37 minutes ...
Literally 3 minutes of business was discussed.
ya know those days when u obsess over an amazing artist?
hmm currently mine's
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 26 and April 27
Anthony Davis.
Get business cards, flyers for an event, memorabilia?
Design it yourself and get the finished product today!
Contact one of our reps today!
We are our own problems and our own solution...
I know I'm late with this but thanks for the ff and hope you're feeling better.
Thank you so much for the RTs!
I Have an epic proposition for you.
Let's talk!
Run with us toward peace in Congo.
Lack on quorum, Parliament fails to Reparations Law for victims ...
Tonight's prayer meeting was...
Is...
Well, it's hard to put into words.
I won't forget it that's for sure.
LIFE
The Starcraft scene is truly a wonderful thing.
I glanced at some of these strategies and I feel like I've been playing a different game.
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy!
I take my road test soon
Seated and tweeted Terrific vibe and syked for Sykes.
haha i saw this like 3 minutes ago,im on my phone and on my laptop so im on two things at once...
Watching the CMA's I'm impressed so far by the production value.
The Vocals are a little weak though.
My thoughts
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
when I'm with you I never want to leave 3
Thanks for the follow !
only non Asian haha
why couldn't these have been available yesterday?????
RT : Got two upper books for face value.
Any takers?
I kind of wish I could move like Rihanna!!
r u serious my birthday is on august 01 too lol but im back here in LA so i need 6 hrs lol
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
This coffee will put hair on my chest.
WOW
dude had on white ankle socks that were totally filthy.
wtf
Remember, not everything is a picture.
A good eye can edit before the shutter opens.
Craig Coverdale
: : your twitter mama here to say hello I am alive again!!
Miracles!
How's it going Yoda splendid!!
Why again am I up?
Just heard about a Pastor getting people out of money??That's why I believe in God not the church if  da root of evil y is it in Church??
Any plans to come to the US soon?
Especially the East Coast, of course...
RT : Reebok resigns Mannings, latest evidence that former NFL jersey supplier will continue to market around league.
Yo Life the song is done!!
and ull love it its freakin insane ima send it to u right now ima send u the beat and the record
ShakeShack burgers are good, but not good enough to justify the fifteen minute wait.
got one!
I'll be there!
Let's meet up.
Text me later
Bro, we should to play tennis SOON!
We need to get into our Bitty figures  tans from Vacation!!
Mkay!
CodeTalk Haha!
Okay let me know what you find out.
I was talking about your grad.
Shame on you NFL.
have not played  MNF since 2001.
All other teams have played once since 2007.
Let's go DetroitLions!
just got done with my history exam.
History is finally done!!!!
Bitches be crazy
Ditto!
I had a great time.
friendsforlife!
Diabetics are likely to get gum disease.
Am Diabetes Assn: Gum disease may diabetes worse.
Reduce gum disease bacteria.
www.closys.com
Jumanji is on!!
This movie used to scare the heck out of me when I was little...
I haven't watched glee in a while.
I will be catching up in due time lol
i've been good
Thanks for the FF.
Look forward to networking with you.
I've been mentally preparing for Levon, and Dick Clark goes instead.
Deaths come in three's, so who's it going to be?
Mapping out math plan 4 the yr w/ our new alternating day schedule 4 kdg aligned w/ dist timeline  assessment!
Yooooo I forgot lol Im coming back for it too!!!
Happy Groundhog Day!
Speaking of furry animals, what is your favorite place to eat encased meats in Chicago?
unknown except that maybe the writer didn't write it lol
Anytime Sweetheart It Is A Pleasure ..
RT: There is  will always be that group of bitches that need to be slapped.
Deady Hall is so cozy.
I wish I had all my classes there.
: want to meet up tomorrow at 3pm on Monday ?
......I used to used to used to used to, now Im over that Cause holding grudges over love is ancient artifacts
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion.
Ethiopian proverb
Good rule of thumb always take the hypotenuse.
Thanks

shahformula1 u are followed.
Now do fun stuff:
Today is my birthday and nothing would make me happier for this to get retweeted by AustinMahone or
A wonferful life this clip ain't.
But this is awesome shameless Christmas selfpromotion.
www.youtube.com/watch?v...
Bwahaha that is great!
I would have love to have seen that!
Ps I have been walking atleast 3 miles everyday!
you'dbeproud
Hightower would absolutely be the perfect fit for the
Im the one all the young women wanna have a baby by .
Thinking if they have a baby by me they will be rich
hey sexy, I need to talk to you!!
Can't wait til the live chat tomorrow.
Hope he answers at least one of my questions.
This will be the 2nd chat I'll see.
The next time I hear Pitbull will be far too soon.
Spread the word that is having a sale!
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
Some nights by fun.
i didnt get2see tho it sux cus i got my pandahat just4him i really wanted him to sign it along with 
I love the fruity pebble dance.
YAY!
Let's make this happen...
RT : Here you go, Wisconsin.
You want a doover for 2010 governor's race, you got one.
Entner: Where is the due process?
FCC releases report on ATT/TMobile As if Congress needed another reason to focus seriously on reformi
When is the Seattle store opening?!
Can't wait!
what's good KM stopping by
haha even if you didn't look at the song we would!
haha
slamdog is a champ.
I wonder if he's going to get the chopper up and working soon
Dear please make your app current.
Missed flight on short connection cuz app didn't show gate change.
I can't trust a woman that only knos guys...
I love getting raped in the ass with no warning at all and do it all over the next day...thanks uncle sam!!
U fuckin bitch ass trick
RT I get scared visiting the ghetto on Google street view.
OPM status...OPEN...why!
WaysToImpressMe a diploma; college degree.
right now: listening to DE LA SOUL and being a white IT guy in my shitty cube in america.
I'm getting ready 2 hit the stage  the Columbia College Rip The Runway Fashion Show!
I'm singing my original dance songs!
Wish me luck!
Have you heard that chronic inflammation causes most of the major chronic diseases?
Start taking lots of antioxidents to calm those fires !
RT : ....so that's what we doing?
u don't even know what it means!!
Lol.
// I kno, right!
Lol!
I hate dem long ass ugly ass thangz dat be flyin around da lights n shit
Welcome to town, sir....
Rick Astley: Nothing will EVER beat the Rick Roll!!
Rebecca Black: A challenger appears...
HAHAH :D:D
oh yeah ??
Just finishing up a trailer for Unopened  thirty minute doctorma filmed with Cannon 5D Mark II Camera.
COOL!
Attending the Seventh Circuit Bar Association conference in South Bend.
: sports are better than everything else.
always.
so deep, brah.
A beautiful soul makes a beautiful woman.
I've seen plenty nonlazy girls that are still ugly inside.
Excellent!
: : With DCU after??
yep indeed
Take a shot for me.
september 24th at the door in dallas were playing with chiodos, oh sleeper, attack attack n more we have to sell 80 tix!
of course!
followed :D
RT 16 gin and tonic?
Sign me up for 16 of those.
Didn't know that!
Uninsured and underinsured are welcome to the clinic tomorrow which runs 9am3pm.
Haha thanks : all true things!
Have a great weekend!!
RT : you are so SWEET!!!!!
Studio next week
Today I put a new flower bed in my front yard in the rain, was held hostage in my room by a wasp in my house and won a contest.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
That's what sellouts do.
And joining the ICC board as CEO is pretty much the definition of sellout.
well if he couldn't do it by himself before, he has kanye now to help reinvent him if it need be
Nice meeting you at the tweetup Dubblebee!
: South Dakotan?
nods Cool!
Nice.
Guy must hate chips.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can
Your time is limited, so dont waste it living someone elses life.
RIP Steve Jobs
hello handsome;
RT Does any airline passenger really need instructions on how to buckle a seat belt?//
lol!
Bags on board!
RT if you think im cute?:
have you been practicing?!:
GUYS!
FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!
FOR THE 5TH TIME!!!
FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
wish i didn't let him rest, i reeaally need his voice to put me to sleep.
It is yummy Salma :
hahaha heat haven't even played well and they are dominating right now...
Congratulations to the NY Giants for winning the 2012 Super Bowl!
I HATE FINALS.
Why must you put that photography thingy in my face all the time huh?
I bet Nikon Bacon tastes the best!
...nom
Just log in and view them if you are already registered.
Hows about and I take a weekend trip down there soon and we can all hunt together :
Heather and Beatrice compare CLT and multiliteracy language education approaches.
Multiliteracy considers cognition and analysis more.
Thanks!
It was wonderful!
Wow, that's super creepy.
What would you do if I told you that I la la la la
Did you know there are 31 Wacky Holidays in March....Today is Ear Muff Day!
If you could make up your own Holiday what would it be?
If you don't respect family first, I will make you resect pain first.
I can't wait for Loiter Squad to start ...
hahaa oh yeah like 3 am loud!
bahha sorry.
I'm in my warm bed 3
HolyCrap!!!
Wish I was there!
Enjoy!
My awesome husband David Leitch will be visiting professor in political theory at the University of Oregon.
I'm looking.
sinners!
All of em
Dear students: In small college towns, do not brag about cheating on an exam in a restaurant.
Everyone knows everyone.
rock it, dude!
Sorry I couldn't escape early to witness your awesomeness today.
Have fun!
about to head to the wake for Pawpaw.....
Very sad here at their house....
I miss him so much!!
ughh why did he have to go???
:'
What's on the menu for tomorrow?
it is what it is cause that is what it b
RT If you made your own Tye Dye shirt today!
XD TYE DYE TUESDAY GUYS!
I think I'll just take a break from life and travel the world.
I'll become a nomad.
hahaha barbG it is!!
I like it, suits her I think ;
Down to 11 spellers in fourth round of spelling bee.
Started off with 100...
ok so U reply to my tweets, and followed me in the first place but u got the balls to be like ur annoying.
your new single NoCaking is amazing dude.
TeamAztro all day
Rock on dude!
Working on my monthly Women at the Top Report, where I share the latest ideas and research impacting women in Corporate America.
Removing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Pouring the love into the next 11 years with , and T
he never actually said that they were dating so I don't think he would say if they broke up or not.
Snow day today  Richmond tomorrow  Me putting my work off even longer
CoLab The Third: Sounds Royal
Granted, it's April, but the Orioles are five games over .500 and tied for the secondmost wins in the American League East.
RT : Happy are they who take life day by day, complain very little, and are thankful for the little things in life.
I MISS YOU MORE!!!3
GOOD DAY MY GOOD PEOPLE
: most amusement park constraints are legal not med.
Space industry likely to raise stds to lower legal/insurance risk
Time to make my quinoa chili !
RT : 16.
I think global warming, evolution and equality are stupid.
I would like to be a cohost on your program redeye for my 40th BDay.
I have been a fan since the first show.
February 11th.
Hello how are you?
soy amiga de Jesus he use to be your security Follow me
thanks for the video of my boy We appreciate you.
awww..u have a cold?
Agreed!!
// : Jenni, awesome show, great for the Seattle tech community!
KIROConnect
The best part about Parkinson's Disease is that you never have to stir your coffee
there's a bus stop on St Francis street and Ferry can we get the tree trimmed by the sign so bus doctorvers can see it
off to rehearsal!!
My first performance of Getting Out is Sunday, August 9th at the Lyric Hyperion in Silver Lake, California.
and, last time I checked, you can get five of them in Wisconsin without it being a felony!
would you please follow me.
Im a huge fan!!
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
love YOU
back to javascript.
Some stuff I just couldn't wrap my head around this past week.
Gotta figure it out
pick on someone your own size.
this 1st grade term still applies in highschool.
you're not cool if you're overweight and punch a 2 lb kid.
Learning: decoction involves long simmering of barks/roots, as opposed to Infusion which involves hot water poured over the tea or herb.
Funny, we would've pegged you for Centennial.
Sixers are one of the hottest NBA teams right now and ranked 1 according to Hollinger.
Avg tix  Sixers: 41 according to Fan Cost X app
I Retweet any and every Bible Verse I see on my
I would also like to know that
You should buy the shirt.
:
No Olivia!!!
Although this is that past.
Lol
With and Stephanie!
better be right about this Anthro professorbc I've only been to class a hand full of times and it's midterm week
Belieber here: A doctoram and I want to do please.
Please Please follow me my love.I'm super belieber!
RT my love love you too
This not a brokered convention.
We are putting pressure on the status quo.
End wars, promote peace, free markets, free trade
Sometimes I look at couples and wonder if the other is actually interested in what one is saying?
Or if the sex is really good
Boys Will Be Boyz shirt soon, so excited!
all good.
How's Philly?
went there yesterday!
They were so GOOD!
Only 12 more days in this hellhole.
join an episcopal church!
you might have a lady priest AND you don't have to read the bible.
Correction!
I mean...it's THURSDAY!
Not Wednesday.
Just making sure you were paying attention.
Just Woke up with next to me.
3
thanks for the FF the 13th!
the supermarket may change inventory, but the essential ingredients will remain.
Those are the ones we'll use!
If it happened it's for a reason
Wrapping up a week of dedicated javascript development.
Stoked about my transition to becoming a frontend developer.
Guess who sighs his lullabies through nights that never end.
My fickle friend, the summer wind
Lol my uncle laid out on the ground in the rain and screamed my aunt went running and was so scared...
Lmfao
Nothing more bleak than a casino floor at six AM on a Tuesday.
rly addicted to NSN right now
wait After Porn Ends looks so good
This weather gets me excited about the NEW PATIO WE ARE PUTTING IN AT STIR!
How amazing is that?!
All clear at Lloyd Center after white powder scare earlier today.
Traffic being opened up now on Halsey.
im in 100  call me sometime biotch!
Hey SEO's what is your favorite Keyword Research Tool and why?
We are in the market for a new tool.
Time isnt fair when i listen 2 sublime
heeheehee so true :
Welcome to all Grace Hopper Celebration attendees!
We hope you enjoy your visit to Portland and the Oregon Convention Center!
Where are you sitting at the game?
Maybe I can see you on TV.
and with you...
hope you're doing okay!
outofhandgame The GAME might be tough now, but you're getting the hang of it.
You are on the right track.
Thanks for the follow buddy.
Have any good beer lately?
Haha.
Cool idea, right?
They consistently amaze and inspire.
RT : One fish two fish, red fish blue fish  Happy Birthday to the wonderful Theodor Seuss Geisel aka doctor Seuss....
If you scale down McDonald's to volume of Sugarfish, then your Culver City location is redundant far as LA territories go.
stop calling ur gf so she can get the hint, and she will break up with u
Nba 2k12 after workout,
Hey where the heck has A been lately?
I was glad the weekend was over, but I was nowhere near ready to go back to school..when's the weekend?
Trying to find motivation to go get my afternoon Americano and cheese bagel...
just too lazy today.
train bjj the rest won't matter
Check out our new Poker Ace shirt!
www.doctorwndead.net
What happened at UT Austin?
Finally updated my glasses.
Only took 9 years.
I am so depressed over Bin Laden, what could I do to get over this sick feeling motherfuckers cock suckers
Born and raised under the desert sun.
Humidity?
What's that?!
Oh, right.
Going shopping after the gym : is good to have access to unlimited money.
Whatcha kno bout dat?
Lol
I really, really should.
Congratulations!
Welcome to the team!
FACIAL FRIDAY!
love that!
Couldn't have said it any better ;
Tonight's the premiere?
Finally!
Can't wait and thx for the reminder.
Is wondering who will be the individual to bring us to 150 followers!?
Thank you all for your support in our constant quest for a cure!!!
Talking to this girl always brightens my Day no matter what she says
You can eat one for me.
I don't mind.
;
Heading out to my callback, and today, for one day only, instead of broken legs, you're allowed to wish me, A Little Bit of Luck!
do you have a decent Payphone club remix, all others stink
Prayers for Jacob!!!
Glad you're back..,how are you feeling?
Registering more students.
YEAH!!!!
This is my first time flying Southwest  I hope it's a great experience!
morning!
And thanks it's appreciated I'll be in touch.
I just wish that you could understand......
Saw The Lorax last night and Star Wars 3D tonite, were both very good for what they were.
Plus, the company was incredible
Kings just scored!!!
It's 21 Kings halfway through the second.
And Coyotes are going into the box right now
Nice!
RT : is our first customer to cash in the 3 off and Tshirt!
i wonder how many people reached their Qtr 1 goals?
At the comic show last Saturday, the guy next to me had a Betty White vs.
Wolverine print for sale.
Oh that's nothing.
You're cool.
Roadtrip!
Destination: Washington DC.
Two halves don't make a whole.
And she can really sing...really.
you were there tonight?
Me also right behind the bench.
Got some good pics if your boy.
Cool, I have a f150 too: RT it appears to just be the battery...
We will see.
Retweet if you'd be totally down 4 a transformation challenge b trained by our own athletes and win a trip to the Olympia or Arnold!
Tweet and stuff!
It was a cousin with the same haircut!
Lol
Valentines Day is so fake.
If you love someone, youll treat him/her special every day.
Not once out of 365 days.
so??
: Is Lebwon feewing okay today?
:
Typical Saturday in retail.
Car biz they are called 'tire kickers.'
HELP TREND MahoneOnB96 WE NEED THIS TO TREND!
knocked up, superbad, pineapple express
Willam on RuPaul: Oh God, my look is I wanna go to Miami, but I can only afford Ft.
Lauderdale.LMAO!!!
Stop.
Close your eyes.
How does your heart feel right now?
Hum your favorite tune.
what does that even mean???
Can you yell nonstop for an hour?
This guy on the street below my window at work sure can.
Serious q: will the Knicks break 50?
I do!!
waves hands in the air lol
Get ready tonight we celebrating PreMother's day Wine testing and more start early Happy Mothers day to all Mothers !
Ohh ho ho have fun with that!
RT Pumped that and I are looking at our first apartment today!
hey!
Sorry to have cut our conversation short.
Definitely want to catch up  I have news!
Thank you, it was great!
Same here, haha.
have fun and good luck with it!
Almond nut milk w/ dates and vanilla is shockingly tasty  good sweet / nutty / vanilla balance.
This cleanse'll be a snap!
Thank You for following me, hope you have a Great Week End!
And good luck!
me?
Starting with you?
Never!
sarcasm lol
: If you're passive aggressive and you know it, slam the door.
slam, slam
MLB Looks like Angels will win this one, Angels should win the West.
RIP Maurice Sendak 3
Thought this essay would be easy, but apparently it's on a book I never finished reading.
RT if u are a true rusher 3
God morning everyone :
Have you voted YES?
Tell the world ivotedyes for OneUnion!
No matter how amazing you are at something, there will always be an 8 year old Asian who is better..
Aw...
What a pretty baby!
;
don't be impressed yet bro.
xd
Hollywood bound soon!
Who's in azusa still that wants to come?!
:
congrat!!
: and now...
I KNOW I've succeeded.
I've made go O.o
Just learned Andy Cohen's mom's name is Evelyn.
I have so much in common with older ladies,  I should not b watching BRAVO.
aww im sorry, does he like you?
I wish they wouldn't overplay Adele.
Her music is beautiful and it just gets annoying after a while 
thank you that is sweet
Oh hey thanks!
RT : Great Social at Zeppa.
Good Work RYP!
omgawd is it me or like i i try to help ppl out but they just try to take the hard way god dayumm no wonder im always pissed 
Hah...My cousin went and bought me another wallet :D lol he said i wount be able to lose this one :P
Those who can't farm, farm celery,
Can't wait to see the coolest guy I know on TV PAULYDPROJECT PAULYDPROJECT PAULYDPROJECT PAULYDPROJECT PAULYDPROJECT 3DAYS
Talk about an EPIC NYE Miami!
We ready!
RT : You best believe we're ready!!!!!
in 15 min Joe blanton is going to start throwing a shut out
ooh, really?
I'll check that out.
Thanks!
Another music industry legend gone.
So sad.
RIP Whitney.
You Know Your Getting Old When It takes a couple of tries to get over a speed bump
Wow, Ray Shero is a ball of sunshine on MM right now.
We just had to make sure that we are where the fish are, said Damien, and a lot more of the fish now are online
working on a fantastic skokiestory  will post it soon
It's 4/20.
It's Little 5.
This is the day IU was made for!
Rally, Hoosiers!
How is meditation going to help?
This is about CASH!
Oh yes, the worst : Interperiod interviews are even worse than halftime interviews.
These poor athletes!
These sad journalists!
Hello guys great site,
Just made plane reservations for Israel.
Attending Yad Vashem's 8th International Conf.
Abstract was accepted  working on presentation.
things are very clear in Balty as well David!!!!
I know what you mean.
Life gets rough, but remember who to look to...
The big man upstairs: Hope you smile!
Why do i even ask??
I was just thrusting to Take It To the Hole when I unlock my phone and see a beautiful picture of the boys together.
JesusWantedItThisWay 
good luck with the doctorft this weekend..
Let us kno where the party at boys in there lol
One out of four ain't bad.
: Sabonis: ''Doctors told me: no smoking, no doctornking, no basketball.
Only sex is left''
aww love it
shit.
gotta rethink now.
Listening to the whistling wind that is our ventilation system.
Good thing it's usually too busy to hear this.
I hate it!
RT : So exciting to see at P2Accessorize4Mom you look wonderful :
Emily Dickinson: The possible's slow fuse is lit by the imagination.
What must be done before you find out I'm playing for keeps?
whats your favorite new kids on the block song????
rydervszigglerWM29 tryin again
Love convenience of Kinkos/Fedex shops everywhere, if not the cost of getting a doc back to the East Coast in a hurry.
Sigh.
So stoked to be part of 's team at the U.
I think you know what time it is  it's time to get ill!!!
He had to score with his head, didn't he?
FDA approves Afinitor for noncancerous kidney tumors caused by rare genetic disease
Work be so Damn boring I swear we dnt Neva have customers
How how I love golf 3
Would you be mad if he was texting other people while he's out with YOU??
Ray Chen: Haven't looked at the current spasm of smartphone patents specifically, but is looking at reexamination processes broadly
Lol.
my friends that know all of their names are like mmh SURE!
They like smirk I'm like Shut Up!
You're giving it away!
I have, actually.
I did a paper on him last year in my ab psych class after watching that movie.
Fascinating man.
Wanna get in on the MKEShindig?!
,  team are just a few of the fantastic homegrown sponsors!
RT : If you want to get somewhere before sundown, you can't stop at every tavern./uNLESs u r going westreally fast!
Great shares, keep em coming.
PS  just picked up the SPL rights in the U.S., Old Firm Derby around the corner!
Broncos waive DT Jeremy Jarmon to create room for newlysigned CB doctoryton Florence.
Off to a workout before the first episode of the Bachelorette!
Love the new pic!
pretty NM ABQ Have a great day!
Scratch that...
Can someone tell me how I missed the news that Amy Winehouse died?!?!
Man I Need Oomf Number!
Lols
HowAboutWe just admit we're perfect for eachother.
dang it u always blame me :P
Sold the coffee shop a number of years ago.
It's still open.
Just not us.
We've got a few big announcents soon so stay tuned!
Just finished the movie Twelve.
It's full of doctorgs and childish behavior.
you gonna do another twitcam or should i go sleep
damn nigga u gang banging on bacon lol

Oh, you're a patriots fan?
Hmm..
that might be a problem :P We all like the around here!
; I guess we can overlook it!
Gotta go with the Clint Eastwood Chrysler ad, just for its scale and gravitas.
Thanks so much you are so kind!
Babygirl, my feelins for you is sumpthin' like the opposite of my feelins for Ottawa, now c'mere
Swear i just heard someone whisper something to me in my house but everyone else is asleep.....
OMG!!!!!!!!!!
:
It's true.
We do enjoy tasty watermelon.
But let's keep that between us.
I have an audition for Sweeny Todd in two weeks.
I need a vocal coach.
On a reading kick.
Have finished 2 in the last week, and nearly half done with Son of a Witch by Gregory Maguire.
You just made me cry while claiming that you love me..
/3
Do not click this .I bet you 78 of you guys did this.
where did you grow up jeff?
Still having to correct people when they pronounce 'Austin MahoneY'.
A little less well known is Out of My League by Stephen Speaks.
Dying due to lack of sleep
Every time we buy Honey Combs  I see WeTheKings on a box,I remember warped when me n my bro saw them n got stuck in the middle of a moshpit
The Maze Runner book is soo good!!!
In Mexico they kill you twice: they kill you and then they kill your reputation.
The people have spoken.
Chapman warming up on the mound.
Beginning of 8th inning
Yes, how are you?
Watching the Kids Choice Awards with my nephew and I'm honestly not sure who is having more fun?!?
Lol I just love him lots and lots!
Wow!
That's pretty cool!
looking for spanish / english bilingual affiliate mareters for an amazing product 75 commsion..
and 78 click through rate,
Fuzzy slippers tells no lies
I made dinner: this ishh on P O I N T !:
Thanks for all the support continue following, Youtube page in progress.
Big ups to the newly minted doctor congrats, Suzanne!
exams suck
completed her food and exercise diary for 11/02/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Ha Chill Out Rick Ross
I have some interesting news.
WTF did you do now??
Sometimes I'm in a daze and use the iPhone passcode screen as a calculator
Gotta let it go, ya like someone else
Pickup lines for old people: Grandpa: Hey baby, you better call life alert, cause ive fallen for you and cant get up.
Wah happen O.o
MidWeek Motivation!!
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
Theodore T.
Hunger
Rock on!
Just got to Decibel, KISS night guy Haze is tearing it up on the 1's  2's!
The government of IzumiSano is accepting applications from companies for the rights to rename their city.
Part of the ongoing evolution of the Design District.
two scenes away from being offbook for Monday's rehearsal
rocking rhetorical criticismawesome!
Looking forward to your analysis of GWB's crisis and tragedy rhetoric.
RT : I think Z'Tejas has the best happy hour RT : ok then z tejas or another...
where are you?
I don't see ya!
Mad dunk by badgers big man
Thank you BOD for all you do: smchi
that should be a good trip to S.D.....
HA!
I'm not braggin...
but are you impressed!
HA!
JK jk!
Trust me...
if it weren't for you I wouldn't have 2  mentions HA!
Hey Steve!
Enjoyed your tweets today on HFChat.
Thanks for the follow!
Hey Guys!
we hiring now at our woodfield mall location please send resume to
I'm so tired...
I'm coming back to twitter :
app store
Had fun getting KOed lol.
Good luck with the rest of the filming!
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there  Will Rogers
I've been looking for answers for awhile now and I'm just not finding any
changingg my number
lmfao.
I'm knowing.
thanks!!!
Can't wait to work with you all!!
How are you doing?
OMG IK LIKE JUST STOP..
Good morning y'all!
Make today a great one
I remember the first time I heard Justin Bieber on the radio..at an ice cream shop in Washington.
I thought he was a girl.
Out of curiosity, what do you consider conquering it?
By just finish?
By a time goal?
By feel?
I ask because I just did my 4th
thanks for the compliment
TY for the follow!
Congrats on the new album coming out!
well dem is mines den..
better wrap them johns up
I've always loved all the energy/emotion an airport carries.
Just got approached by Ray Charles daughter tonight after a performance....
wow.
Made my night!
My Man is ALL THAT  THEN SOME!!!!
He is working so hard today...
So I'm up making him breakfast to take to his job.
:
i love who you follow on this!
RT : Thanks /your welcome
So I'm still in Iowa.....
in JUST two days!!!
Wide awake..
everyones asleep..
i love you boo 3
then we will be friends forever
that's really nice of you!
The Truth huge!
KG playing like he just came into the league  Rondo redemption on last play!
Bring on the Sixers!!!
i like Zibby better, but Haruki should've been cheap enough to keep.
Carolina offers him more PT though
loud neighbors  LOSING....
someone get me outta here
Sorry I've been ignoring you, twitter.
Work is crazyland.
Solid day.
Solid beginning to the week.
All day meetings tomorrow than back at it again.
FOLLOW THIS GUY !
Hey Nashville!
I'm playing at doctorfters tomorrow night at 9:00pm!
awww thanks!
Actually saw a card section in Walgreens dedicated to it.
Impressed
Just found out today that my wife and I will be having a baby girl
Big shows coming up in Nevada...
45S is a parking lot btw
Dear Jesus: I know people think you're important, but starting your birthday celebration in October isn't cool.
You get a day; not a season.
my house long island !!!!
3 so excited
Asm Lowenthal: Price of forgetting is so terribly high.
Watching  The Miracle Worker on Anne Bancroft and Patty Duke are amazing every time I watch this movie
ME EITHER!!!
At Coppin U for announcement of new portal to bring digital equity to all, www.digitalliteracy.gov.
I need more than 11 followers!
Come on people you can do better than that!
I'll follow you all the way hun!
RT : RT : Hire for judgement, not for social media aptitude when dealing with a social media crisis
AMC Theaters offers 2 FREE Movie Vouchers to new Apartment Residents in Orlando and Tampa.
Posting January 1st, 2012.
Love az but cant stand my mom for a long period of time
Do you like to workout?
Thanks !
Really diggin' the bkgd on your twitter professorle.
Very cool.
You bet!
poortoby that was pretty sad :
Wow, Posterous got aquired by Twitter, that sounds interesting!
My tattoo Is done!!
YAY!!
That little Ass tattoo wasn't no joke!!
Whaaa?
The one I know is from 1976!
It's raining and pouring and the old man is snoring.
But I'm LA dumping the old  makIng room for the new !!!
WestWeek ...
yay!
I can't wait!;
I guess we're just cutting edge ;
Good day today.
Going to get my hair cut, then shopping, then sleepover.
I3weekends :
MAHOMIES Love Austin !
Ladies, you don't need to have an attractive body or face, to have that attractive somebody.
Just BE YOURSELF, confident with yourself!
Accessibility Camp DC will be Oct, 9, 2010.
Registration will open Monday August 16, 2010, at 12 PM EST.
Looking into hotel pricing.
Just starting THE Trade Show in Harrisburg, PA.
The build up was insane and I'm one of only 6 vendors here.
Vacationing in FL  it's 65, while back home in TX it's 80.
:
I am so excited to go to the beach all summer
I love getting ready under the Fluro lights in the gym change rooms.
You know it's the worst you will look all day :D Sensational
The scraggly goatee per capita at the RoyalsTwins game is out of the world.
Odd Mauer can't grow one.
So now that is legal is it ok to have an old lady crush on him LOL this 28 year old needs to know!
:
I was accepted into Handmade Arcade!
My first time as a vendor.
Save the date: Nov.
12th 117 at the Convention Center.
Please come visit.
I dont have a comeback for that, thats a first.
I understand that lol!!
nothing but LOVE!!!!!!
I've chatted with Chris the author of your article.
I like the tough photo.
My photog was terrible.
Checking out the new menu at iNG restaurant tonight.
Time to flavor trip, I'm excited!
make cook crabs sat evening.
U coming?
It's not a very big step from contentment to complacency.
Simone de Beauvoir
This episode of FamilyGuy is based off the move Taken.
Its too funny!!!
Did you Know: WWE 1 on Facebook: WWE is the 1 most talked about brand page on Facebook, with more followers than Nike, Pepsi, UFC, HBO ...
Using Cinco de Mayo as an excuse to doctornk margaritas now.
The Jorts video may be the best one you've done!!!
Good job!!
I rather like taking matter on to my own hands...
Just means trouble is around the corner 
you so totally won that slammy bro and yea tonight was totally SSSIIICCCKKK broski but in a good way !
Woo Woo Woo !
Thank you my friend!
:
Ed is corkyinacoolkindaway!!
Go Ed but don't let them do that to you please.........
it open next week?
or when Edward Scissorhands gets arrested!
:'
Call yourself Directioner , So click button and Follow !Go follow!they share facts , imagine and all thing about 1D
I haven't been this happy in awhile.
I have a heart attack everytime the church falls on johnny
He is so awesome :
Thanks for RT of a newbie Tweeter's tweets.
My debut novel Pilot Error is on the way and needs all the thelp is can get.
GO INDIE
Blazers Summer: Get a new GM, Get a NEW coach, REBUILD via doctorft and free agency!
WOW Big DAY in PTown!!
follow me
Thanks for the follow!
Have you seen the FB page?
Thanks!!
Hope you enjoy...
Honorable Mention: Tom Brady sure knows how to play the field.
The New England Patriots quarterback
My FridayRead includes Imagine: How Creativity Works by
Currentlybaking bread machine recipe will be called lets find out what happens if you don't have enough yeast.
Blech bread, here I come
Preparations are underway for the Performance tonight at Holocene!
Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 7:30pm!
I mean Amanii
....what?
:O FUCK LIFE.
I HATE STUPID ENDINGS.
ASDFGHJKL.
what's up buddy
Kind of windy today.
Not COOL :o
2thingiapreciate 1 when the rangers win 2 they must get into the stanley cup
is live on right now!
make sure you're watching!
Just saved 175 by switching to Pirate Library and downloading my textbook for free.
Thanks so much.
We have fun making our videos.
Hanging w da
yes!
Randy is wrong!
excellent job!
we got the twitter app on our visio TV!
yea nd u was suppose to call me bck
At a Story Corps meeting.
Anybody want to get interviewed for the Library of Congress?
Was on the 4 train at the height of rush hour yesterday  not a good place for a person with anxiety.
I had to access my happy place.
Thank you Pete!
Hope you're great!
Hello Spring!
Oh how I love models casting day at the Departures office...
Can't wait 2 get off work 2day...no double and spending time wit my baby later yay :
Doesn't sit well with me that newest major stakeholder of Twitter is part of a regime that opresses women.
But what can be done about it?
Tweet about your favorite teacher.
It's Appreciation Day!
Mine was mister Brooks 9th grade.
Encouraged me to be a writer.
:
..omg I had a doctoram last night that I was in TheHungerGames and was running through the forest with PeetaMellark.
What an amazing doctoram 3
thanks!
see you later expedia....
In God we trust; all others must bring data.
W.
Edwards Deming
Mobbin wit my baby momma today
I rushed home from work and now I don't know why.
The minutes are just going by so slowly.
:
Ooh you have a motorcycle and can rev up like a badass, must make you feel better for being a complete fuckin douchebag!
Oh gOd.
I look like the girl from Brave stZxghjkcxgvnkfghjlghjdljskdjn
Oh, looks like we might have much more data than we originally planned to hack on.
Stay tuned.
: people that start and spread rumors really??
ahem..
If they had known anything about you, that thing would have been covered in cupcakes and/or kitties.
latour needs to start making a bit more sense  he's got 3 days to do so.
grizz doing work?
dang straight!
It's not enough to denounce Limbaugh's rhetoric.
Pulling your ads will send a clear message.
I hope you reconsider.
No I'm still alive!!
;D I haven't been on Twitter in a while but I'm gonna start signing in more often, how are ya?
time to watch the soup
ECB's Asmussen Praises Fiscal Compact, Calls For Ambitious Timetable Report  Wall Street Journal
they start at a 32 band!!!
Woo Hooo!!!
pone el el app store voxer walkie talkie ;
The Bears heard other teams were interested in McClellin so they picked him.
LOL
Anyone ever use imockups for iPad?
It seems useful for quick flows and wires.
I'd love to hear some how you use it.
What is the meaning of all this
I have so much band merch.
that I have no where to put it all ..
Actually their playing a couple of Etta's tracks.
Now tracking with Trust Me immediately followed by Sunday Kind of Love.
Bought random bottle of zin, Wingnut.
Opinions on it?
I've always put stock in paint color names.
I should have known blue pansy was a dud.
Storms end is much better for the guest room.
I like the feeling of writing on paper that I can't replicate.
Unfortunately I have a stack of notebooks that can't be searched.
Clones of Ryan Raburn that can play every position and bat in all 9 spots.
Hooker hated nickname Fighting Joe Hooker sounded hot headed.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
FA MULAN.
Now, pour the tea.
Bc what is happening now is not and the system broke down b4 NCLB.
We need public schools..no doubt..make it right
Great!
we could all have a group orgy...
as long as they are of age they can touch me.
Just one of those days./3
nothing too interesting.
Won a bunch of small pots then busted a shortie for 13k 99AK.
Hi my name is...
And I like to spork.
Cuddlers Anonymous Confession
Tiger, Tiger me thinks shaky knees are normal when Cleaning so close to a cute but roaring striped kitty
before i judge somebody i try to look at the situation from their prospective.
RT : Less than 2 hours until the 24 hour TipOff Marathon begins
Happy Birthday Betty White 3
Website for UIC Art History Grad Student Association almost live!
Lotsa goodies.
If you want to help beta test, let me know!
they make their living that way so who knows if it will work
Happy Turkey Day, tweeps!
Today on the train I could hear music from the iPod of the guy next to me better than I could hear my own.
MLINY
Dont Expect Perfection In Your Progression, Expect Living Within Your Lessons
stamkos can't be stopped
Ahh, very good!
Hang in there...income on the way I know!
:
Sesame kale is so good!
:/ friggin canyon!
It said i missed you and your other half, and was hoping to see you today/tonight
Thank goodness...ready for my girls night
Already doctoroling in anticipation of the Whole Hog Butchery and Pig Out with at tonight.
Thanks a lot!
You got it!
miss the days of study guides with answers attached to them
Did you joust or eat aa giant leg of meat?
If not, there's room for improvement!
Omg tyc so much Josh!
RT : Just purchased love on acidand girl I'm on the 4th time hittin replay...
No Filter  Details in Notes Field errors.
Ovid  EndNote not talking to each other except on MacBookPro.
Weird.
I've been texting my mom all day
yard man or eligant.
your choice
poor nose cant take much more.
Love watching Ufc.
Hello!!
Luv it there!
RT hey Im in Nashville!
: Last day being 24 years old.
Getting old!!
oldman lol I turn 35 Tuesday and my son turns 10 Wed.
Now that makes me old
that's why were good for each other ;D
2nd time at the dome in 3 wks  I see why Vikings want new stadium
Great kill for
Last night someone was saying in chat that he wasn't going to buy skullgirls till it had an ingame movelist.
I can't believe I read that.
Feels good knowing i dont have to get up for school.
Whoa...
left the tv on and woke up to
Did You Know: was once in a sketch comedy group called R.A.S.H.
Random Acts of Senseless Humor.
He was the unfunny one.
Hope you all have a fabulous weekend !!
A TV ad cannot care.
Only you can do that.
when spirituality becomes too serious the sacred gets lostor vice versa
Jaelle just called me a lucky duck lmao
When I listen to Keha I think of and x
Storms were horrible here in the south, but luckily one didn't hit my county, but it hit the one next to me
It's the end of a very long, but extremely fun day in Pittsburgh.
Thanks for tagging along.
I'll report back again tomorrow!
RT : School Board member Nakamura may not make it to runoff election to defend her seat.
: bit.ly/bLLhQO
Wowthanks!
We will likely be back next Thursday night.
Happy first of May to all my circus peeps!
: Up to early west coast.
4 am tragic.
Counting backwards......hey there your up early!!!
Dave Cuillier tip for journalism students  SPJR9 conf: add death to any headline and it'll be a Sunday p1 story.
:
You nurture me, protect me from those nasty rain storms, and keep me warm on these cold lonely nights.
You're the house I've grown to love.
As a goal oriented person I need this: Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it.
Seriously Thankss
any time!
I'm a huge fan!!!
neverSayNever is my favorite movie/song
The caps lost.
Good game.
I admire the dedicated fans.
Go Caps.
Always nice seeing our Swoop!
Thanks for coming out last night for show!
RT : save me a seat!!
is still actively iso PT gigs on Baltimore/DC Radio or SATRAD.
Thanks for the great leads so far.
If you have one, please pass it on.
I don't know how I'd wake up in the a.m.
without my Coffee  Episode of TheBigBangTheory.
Thanks for starting my days right!!
Could you let me know soon?
I wanna be able to have another Warped Tour experience with chew .
me  him are getting so high right now off these whipits.
giving each other head n shit ;
If You Use Oomf All The Time, You Are A Hoe!
until you jam in a jumbo tampon!
Listening to your mom and sister bitch.
I've been getting alot of followers lately
What on earth goes on in Ron Artest's head!?
There is something seriously wrong with that man.
Goodness.
Look at me turkey
Thanks on this we're considering it.
can't wait for Sunday!
Part 1 of our interview with will air!
I didn't want to lose your wonderful voice.
askScandal is a lit.
geek like I imagine she is?
Are you, Kerry?
You read one of my fave books recently.
Grown up?...
What?
Is that just some lame rationalization of your pathetic lifestyle?
thank you for the follow, we would love to meet with your magazine and talk, please call Uri direct at 7606138290 thank you.
Had a great day of UK football interviews for future story.
...
Enjoyed a Lovely evening with a Lovely Lady!!
Also, Tara Tinsley Rocks!
Check her out!!
so cute!
How old is she, she is so teeny
I wish I was a little bit taller, I wish I was a baller, I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her!!!
time to move on with my life
Tara can not be buck unless she transitions, hahaha xD
I've kinda fallen inlove with your story :3
Yeah the shot we saw was of the fans on the left field line.
I figured it was a foul ball.
Nice camera work lol not
Dare yourself to be creative today.
Shoot a video, edit, and upload it!
Who knows, it may become viral in a few hours.
:D
This apple is DELICIOUS.
You are what you think about all day long.
Robert Schuller
and ' sweet sixteen tonight!!
Pumped, y0000
Kids are doing homework tonight.
I had to help one think about Shakespeare.
Ugh.
Had to really rack my brain for that.
Why is there a disclaimer on the Allstate Auto Insurance commericals that says Not available in all states?
Just heard from a staffer I emailed in midMarch who acted like it was just received.
Glad to get the response, but wow
hi!
Thanks so much!
I love ur icon too!
She's so adorable!: xo
Thank you guys!
And now we love YOU!
just heard you on the film vault.
Loved it!
Really terrific stuff.
Removing mold carefully and correctly is crucial to be sure the spread of the spores does not expose anyone or anything!
Worse for PR: 20 Red Sox tickets or ending sellout streak...
RT Red Sox advertising tickets for May 1st6th starting at 20
how are you insperating is it your hair your eyes your smile or just you im still figureing out what its is
Many would disagree, myself included.
But I'll take it!!
xo
Oh please.
It's no secret that you want her.
she'll be all yours when he dies.
very cute!
;
Yo, Richmond!
We will debut our 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon  Cabernet Franc at the vawine Expo this weekend!
rva wine Do come see us!
Laughing is the best medicine.
But laughing for no reason, you need medicine.
OMG!!!
3 DAYS without INTERNET and a phone...technology sucks...especially when it isn't working through no fault of your own!!!
that's a pretty incredible movie isn't it?
We sponsored several viewings of it!
Just found out this person who can't figure out anything I doctorw on doctorw something is Russian.
They used all these crazy Russian letters ...
Why do people tend to fall in other people's path?
Reading, writing, loving.
Had a fitting for my music video shooting this weekend!
You're not going to expect whats in store for you!
Guess what's the next single
Only on youtube can you watch the WTCprogress and doctorft aimlessly till you end up on ThatsWhatSheSaid jokes
I'm in your favorites: I feel special!!;
A good,low protein snack is a few slices of baked chicken but skip the skin.
just let me know nigga
Had a great weekend meeting and wishes him all the best where ever he ends up!
God is so good, 2012 is the best year of my life since 1992 Have A Great Day!!!
All in all pretty disappointed in idol tonight.
Casey, James, Naima kept it interesting.
The rest?
Meh!
Toby Keith is coming out with some good music .
beers ago is a good one lol
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!
We did awesome Iloooveyouuu guys!
bro its popping..
but the internet is turnt down.
Lol
rude cant even tag me!!!!!
and thats not what the sxswswag tag is for
CSR Strengthens Its Audio Platform with High Fidelity ClassD Amplifier Technology
I want more hugs.
Merry Christmas to YOU!
IN THESE COLD STREETS RT where u gonna be at round 5
Yay, in case you've forgotten: nice, honest people DO still exist!
Kind stranger found a check I doctorpped and returned it w/ nice note.
Phew!
Feel like I didn't even sleep.
Just closed my eyes and my alarm goes off
You're obviously not about that life den
Obama is seem intent on following a similar pathto Hitler and Stalin, says Catholic Bishop Daniel Jenky, w no outcry form the
What do you want done?
On my ten minute break.
is updating her twitter and facebook account, and checking out her myspace, and honestly, has little left to say.
I suppose that will suffice.
But
too bad party schools are only decided based off the number of doctornking tickets handed out.
Fuck excise 
Miss you too baby girl !!!
great photos!!
cause loves her some green.
haha.
My head hurts
headed to the bulldog for a beer
Thanks again for the free publicity!

JessicaChasmar thanks for the follow from an ex LiveFree or Die stater......and a Gov McDonnell appointee
I'm curious to know what you think about John Mayer's direction with the soontobe released CD and his new single, Shadow Days.
Fan or not?
any word on danilo 4 tonight?
While i'm here ThinkinBoutYou you're there thinking about her l3...
Hey man sorry we didn't get to meet up in Austin.
Hope you had a great sxsw.
I'll be in SEA week of 3/25.
Want to grab a coffee?
I'm working on my taxes.
Eek!
Thanks for following!!!!
Did anyone else enter the superfan MTV thing ???
Interesting debate: Are video games Art?
What is your opinion?
Conceptualizing is planting seeds for a tree, for shade you will never sit under  Vicki Clark
lol no girl they can say it too!
Three cheers to Fred Kirschenmann for highlighting nutrient density.
It's oftoverlooked in discussions of obesity.
Roses are blue.
Violets are red.
I'm bad at poetry.
Bacon.
Just reporting: RT : Contrary to their popular image as spinsters, the avg librarian has 5.9 random sex partners per year.
Very good lesson to be learned : RT : ...
the decision to have sex is not the decision to have a baby...
You know you are too old for trickortreating when you ask for a snickers and a tampon.
HUGE TANNING SPECIAL TODAY that you will not want to miss!
Your AGE is your DISCOUNT!!!
Hurry in to one of our 8 salons today!
Heads pounding but pregaming now!
Roll tide
When asked what are your biggest concers about social media?
main concern is that it will take a lot of fime, confidential info will leak.
And the countdown begins for Three Dog Night at !
Can't waaaiiittt!
ill punch you in yo sleep
thanx, miss talking to my Serena :
He said NCIS and people shouting and fighting and carrying on.
I can do that:
Aww, thanks!
We'll pass your compliment along to Rachel!
Headed to Hagerstown for the Washington County Poetry Out Loud competition!
idk, I need a partner I don't have to carry lmfao
i wanna fk someone that i love 3 3 xx
Your SWAG is hot huh?
Sexy Woman Anointed Go Getter.
Did he make that up?
Either way Ilikeit.
Pls sir proceed to the front of the line
like two weeks ago I was trying to tag you and I could not find you at all and thought maybe you changed named or deleted.
U have to have a reason...
the scream tour should have come to newark nj, but still cant wait till yall come NY its gonna be awsome..
1.4.3 :
On May 19th join millions of women as we GOBEAUTYGONATURAL ...more info at ..RETWEET!!!
Yeah, there's really no reason not to buy Groupons/LivingSocials.
It's basically like free monies.
i want a skutt catholic sweatshirt ....
i don't know why .
Chillwave is the Cinemax of music genres.
what about me bitch.I'm out too
I don't know, I'm pretty positive Nada Surf is the best band in the universe.
who do you think is gonna take it all the way?
Tomorrow night  Tina Moore, feat the Just Us Trio, at 9:30!
Don't miss this amazing all ages, no cover show.
A look into my Wednesday morning.
Anyway off to the races.
Had a great time in NYC with my mom!
Got to see Mama Mia!
And random plays in the park :
My mom gets a thrill from stealing salt and pepper shakers from restaurants.
Kibitzer synonyms: Meddler, busybody, buttinsky, snoop.
Come kibitz with TACT starting tomorrow night at 7pm!
If you still internet beef.
Just delete every page you ever made cause obviously you still have some maturing to do
Using shiny new Amp earbuds for work tunes.
Night, y'all!
I'm tired!
hi tiffany and friends happy wednesday to you
jameison and a cigarillo..
we took most of the photographs ourselves and believe that the balance came from the restaurants' websites.
RT Stop by West Valley Library and fill out your postcard to save the libraries!
RT Postcard doctorve is on!
You are not alone!
Even though Spider Man 3 was shitty, I'd much rater see a 4th film with Toby then a Reboot!
Ciclavia is TODAY!!!
Get out and ride the streets!
hahaha he called the guy back and was talking all nice and shit lol.
What a bitch.
I even told him what to say..
I like to do core work before and after every strength session, as part of the warmup and cooldown.
Hey You!
Sapnin?
yeah dude.
: .
I Was Walking In The Hallway Right ?
These Two Girls Walk Up  They Say  Oh He's Cute :  One Phrase .
IThankGod .
Wow, I really haven't tweeted in a while!!
i wore a bikini to that and my sister  her girlfriend were super stoned  mallory cried cause she was scared that was a good day
Breakfast at Runcible Spoon con mi madoctor then back to Normal.
Well that was a busy weekend...
but I can't complain!
I love what I do!
Don't you have some kids to send outside to wave at the satellite?
Stop bullying beliebers no they're all bullies we're not all bullies, and yes some beliebers are but not all of them.
im not so.
Glad to hear it!
RT : Yo the man!
YoYo Ma and the silk road ensemble was amazing!
Wow Killed it tonight i loved your stage presences, energy , HAIR and OUTFIT lol cant wait to see
Thanks Evan!
Gym then cook then shred
I really hate not having grandparents...
I'm finished!
I used the finish tag, but it must not have worked.
Upset, Upset??
Why is it that the things we desire most in life are often those that are not really of a tangible nature
Running and agilities kicked my ass!
Felt like I have been hit by a freight train.
....there's that fucking yippie dog AGAIN!!!
BUY A REAL DOG!!
Did it take a retweet of one of my photos to get more followers?
LOL
Taking a nap
Good morning.
Sending you Florida's warm and sunshine.Have a great day!
The world is noisy.
Distractions are everywhere.
Never forget to spend quantity and quality time with those who matter most.
About to workout.
The first time since my knee blew out more than a month ago.
I said my prayers.
Has he never been to Indiana?
That's crazy talk.
IN is far more connected to the Hoosiers.
well I may or may not have chased one down the block last summer..barefoot.
Maybe.
like I said, the Badgers never lose at the Pit, Jon Bryant would be proud
Ok finishing up website today.
Adding the last bit of content and we should be ready to launch by Wednesday.
i loved you and 's video!
:D made me laugh!
:P
Friendly reminder that we have all sorts of new clothes and accessories coming in everyday for fall!
Where can I purchase your book?
FF Ted Thompson beat me in a contest and is really, really, really good.
Tonight we will be a guest on the TechnoGranny show tune for tips on how to use LinkedIn Groups more effectively.
Thanks fellows!
If I survive this dip into Twitter and write more useful tests I'll agree with the chainsaw bear bit.
:
Polaroid should buy this or partner with them.
suppliers fall short in rfp process, they don't do a good job differentiating their services, they r not asking questions.
your son doesn't know how to tell time.
Hi.
Whose faces on the baboon tushes?
Thanks.
So we will have some news soon regarding everything going on with us.
So bear with us while we figure all this shit out.
out of town
Does anyone know any SEO's looking for midterm contract gig?
Requires travel and some onsite work..
pays well, great exposure.
let me know!
Need a fabulous sangria recipe....
yes i don,t like to hurt anyone
lol..I still have to get used to it.But yeah I lost some weight not from working out tho..Fat ppl Hate my metabolism,lol.;
Because some females be having some fucked up shit!
RT : Why do some men have a problem w weave.!?
Your ass isnt paying for it.
The ISCW12 hashtag has gone to sleep after blowing up my tweetdeck all day.
Now I'm waiting for the doctornk tweets to start up after dinner.
and if you need ANYTHING let me know I'm ALWAYS here bestfriend.
No matter time or day : PROMISE!
Getting ready to go to the Yankee game!
Hi, i wasted a lot of time liking you.
Finally finished Day 11 Rocky challenge.
I know I'm a day behind but I'm determined to finish
Lol, yes it did.
But it was strange, I never am able to catch my mentions in my timeline, but yours was there when I loaded.
what's poppin with the negotiations??
Time to win!
me too.
Not sure if mine was up yet.
ilovebieber because he is the only idol that always keeps his fans in mind and hasn't let the fame get to his head :
Desperately procrastinating.
PGs: 96 NBA doctorft DerekFisher lasted longer than the much more highly touted
thats the only kind of ballin i do
We are the most interesting renters in the world.
We don't always use websites.
But when we do, we prefer domu.
: anyone online horny??
I am fucken horny right know I want some action
Alright time to repierce this babies.
ah its going to hurt reopening them.
I need to cut my haairrrr!
I'm mad deshawn raw is battling Chris rock on battle parody 4 lmao
Get out of my head and into my car.
I would give anything just to have amazing u to follow me please make my wish come true and follow me back tonight amazing 33
Bennett: Almost all of times the state's intervened in a district and loaned money to district can be traced back to dist's own decisions.
Prayer helps everything.
artpolitics hauntology is a spectral sonic uncanny.
Preservation of the voices of the dead always an issue.
that's where my dad has worked for 46 years.
I want to have a run in the rain...
Intense!!!
ok every 1 I have 2 do some thing talk 2 u soon :
what did ya buy me?
Imagine You say MY Name On E!
NEWS Saying 'Tatiana Randall  Zayn Malik Dating' : 3
Will there be a season two?
I really love the show.
Kudos to ALL involved.
And you act your pants off, lady!
applause
Lost my grandad this time last year..cant lose my grandmom too..
hope she gets better..
and Jan as well..
not a very good weekend.
Guess which RedSox closing pitcher I am missing right now?
I'm not saying the thesis was awful but....
I didn't say it was a bad thing!
That beard is awesome!
Back in Burlington.
Tonight's homework is to prepare a persuasive 1 min.
elevator talk that I'll perform for my 30 new friends.
RIP co founder of Apple...
Steve Jobs :
what do you mean?
I always wear glasses and sip on green tea reading my anth book with indie music!
good.
Just busy as ever.
Workin on my
I feel like the universe is trying to see how far I bend before I break.
She wouldn't let me listen to rap music or watch violent/sex filled movies growing up.
Now I'm wrapping and writing sex scenes lol
Well, then, you obviously did it wrong.
Kick rocks cuz anything you say is straight bull shit
so your using my ring to cover up my name with a new nigga name lol he seems a great guy lol really grow up
Huge thanks to and of for being awesome guests here on mediachat tonight!
Good morning guys  Looking forward to seeing all my Tampa friends this weekend.
CLUB MIXES w LIVE GUITARS at The Hard Rock this Fri.
Be here now.
put me on to your shit, fuck with me though.
Nate vas
i think his air time could probably use some work...
Let's GEAUX Saints!
iM PRETTY SURE YOU BiTCHES KNO NOT TO TALK CRAZii
Tebow traded to Jets...thanks so much for the great year TT!!
for real even on facebook ?
That's very blatent.
he gave a damn bout meeting her and yes was this a video you saw?
If so him not being the complete blossom of kindness he always is
2 job offers made to me and another interview for a third job.
Not stopping til the salary is just right.
Bbworld11 New view with My Stream for personalized learning experience.
hey you should come to the Dear Timothy concert tonight at 7:00.
It's gonna be awesome.
Bring 5.
might miss u : leaving for Austin Monday
all day daily
I hate my friends
Hey, sounds perfect.
U make love go bang bang bang!!
i cheered up my gf and made her day after the worst thing that can ever happen to her
Then she's a lucky one.
Most people I know who've tried it are getting very little out of it.
RT Everyday alive is a blessing.
We often forget how blessed we really are.
hahaha.
one exam's done.
another to go this week.
life's been busy, but good.
trying to graduate on time.
how are you doing?
Happy 420 Las Vegas!
New Electrolux Frigidaire sidebyside refrigerator/freezer not ...
Whoa.
Obliviating miles before they are even run?
This is a special kind of magics.
Make today a Ruth's day!
Likewise!
RT Tremendously excited to have coming to give the first talk at on Nov.
2!
Abby's filled my apartment with so much gas, it's floating.
Talked to someone who's primed for the evening version of the 11s.
Can you feel the excitement?
One of the great new menu options from our salads is the Chicken Meatball Salad!
Come by and experience it's delicious professorle!
Bear in mind that your personality shapes your partner.
And visa versa.
Stupid broncos
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
what to do, what to do
Oh yeah, forgot about that.
I also like Gustavo Nuez with Concertgebouw and Dag Jensen with Mito Chamber Orch.
Both modern.
It makes me sad to think there is ANYONE doing ANYTHING to Nickelback.
: hey, hey Cali!!
How's it shaking?!
wore my new Komodo to school today
It's gonna be a cold, wet softball game tonight in Roseville..
maybe some nail polish?
A bright red would totally make his fur coat pop
Thanks for the mention and recognition of our services
I think the right term to describe our economy is deaccessionary.
We suffer from high pressure to liquidate assets prematurely.
How's everyone doing ?!
One more day of eating what I want then back at it again Monday.
Need a better performance than the weekend
Just sent you a DM.
My flight to San Fran seemed a bit empty.
Then I realized the empty seats were being filled with 100 middle schoolers.
Literal.
Hell.
On a clear night, YES!
yum RT: : can you see the person st.
krispy kreme sign from the governor's mansion?
how u doinnnn?
I hear ya...
RT : So seriously.
It's only Wednesday?
You couldn't be more wrong.
Look up JP Gavinski.
had Uthoff not lived up to expectations they would have kicked him to the curb
aw cool!: Where?:D
I'm soclose to falling asleep at my desk.
12:25?Ugh...any chance you might have some info?
hey love
Love this.
Thanks!
RT : oh, yep.
I assumed it was US destination.
I really want you to brunch.
I'll keep thinking...
:
no jets for peyton.Just imagine Sporano tellin him 'sit down,wildcat time' on a big, late,3rd down
i just know what it feels like, so if ya need me, just give me a shout :
Ayooo...The Producer Of JayPrince's Single Stand and Deliver Ladies And Gents...Follow The Homie
Worry stunts spiritual growth...
Different today eh..How so?
Trina I got mine free....but yeah Its better than iphone
Here is my heart, please don't break it 
I guess that's a good reason : RT cuz they're cool and nobody wears them anymore.
Very debonair.
Mazel!
I'll check it out
Come to Natachee's tonight!
Performing with and It's a PICKIN' PARTY y'all!
We are giving away another iPad!
Like The Bienstock Group page on Facebook to be entered in the doctorwing for a chance to win an iPad3!
Hi to our newest followers!
September classes begin this weekend!
Email 10 discount for those of you who sign up for September.
at the goat working come see me
I like Susan Allen Toth's writing, so it is cool to see what a whacky place she has!
Thanks for posting.
just because the dmg isn't noticeable right now doesn't mean it's invisible trees matter for the future, now affects that.
Left my sunglasses in TX and now my eyes are slightly inconvenienced as I go to work.
Life is good if this is what I have to complain about.
Shower radio has changed my life.
What a concept.
Girls that ALL OF A SUDDEN are bisexual....
Lmao.
Ok.
Thank you all for coming out to the 2011 Greater Milwaukee Auto Show!
Don't forget to post some of your pics to our wall!
Happy Tuesday!
FRIEND: How was the test?
ME: I failed.
FRIEND: Awe cheer up.
Youll do better next time.
BEST FRIEND: HAHA!
I failed too!
High5!
good to see.
Time for people to start thinking like a top notch city.
doctoraming of what the new Courtside Club may look like.
Beer and pizza for peeps.
See you in a minute!
REMINDER Exam II review in class today
RDVO looking for information architects and frontend prototypers.
I was cheering at home :P I'm so happy
I find it hilarious that we live in a country that thinks counseling is somehow relevant to smoking marijuana.
wow Have you seen an amazing set of women starting a business today.
We found one true team Come Sat after sundown.
Thank God..the Weekend is Here!!:
I expect at least an entire chapter about me.
Erryone should follow cause we need to make that happen :
Thanks for the follow The ancient one told me to say hello to Nick Kripple!
awesome when are you in DC?
I'm buying the first round ; /cc
Grandma's meatloaf, I love you.
I love the idea of eating a 1/2 tsp of butter with every bite.
aimless is my middle name
One prime purpose of this life is to help others.
And if you cant help them, at least dont hurt them 
RT : Three Breast Cancer Survivors Make Fitness a Top Priority  USA TODAY: Three Breast Cancer Survivors Make Fitnes......
I am SO happy to find on here, she is like a sweet wind of change blowing in my direction!
KishenblattGimblett: Global resource for Jewish culture is not just composed of data, but of the knowledge the data creates
Famous Idahoans  check out this page:
Rust is showing on the Celtics
Congrats to facebook winners: Keir Mclaren and Deborah Dobias, First and Fourth place winners!
Man In The Mirror stopped, Remember The Time begins :D remembering Iman  got jealous.
I'm in student activities, primarily advising the programming board.
My practicum in the fall is fraternity  sorority life.
is spreading the word!
Make your voice heard!
jerrykramer4hof kramerincanton We will stand together in Canton!
When you accidentally like something on Facebook and you cant unlike it..
it better
Is the Open Science Revolution For Real?
on alternatives to trad.
publishing, citing  AltMetric bit.ly/xyuttp
We are touching up a Black Knight 2000 playfield tonight.
Regional exam scoring idea: Shoot a cannon after each exam box is done like Hunger Games
I AM Went last year and had a BLAST...
so I'm doing it again this year!
Seek out holistic practitioners to experience natural relief from pain.
Your kidding right?
okay, im done with you...
its your turn to apoogizw, cuz i know i did nothing wrong this go around.
Fuck you.
Unzip the Real Mitt is a great slogan, but will never happen.
wish i were going too.
next year for sho.
So close to 2000.
Quincey has more assists for the other team than for Red Wings since he joined the squad.
Now gets a 5 minute major.
The only thing on my mind today not winning
people buy only when have pain and money to rid the pain,sell painkillers, not vitamins
honestly i think you've lost your mind.
Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful  provided you get between the right man and the right woman.
.
has your coverage for the Manchester Derby
North Carolina needs an ammendment to outlaw Josh Hamilton.
He just whalopped that HR.
Your world is crumbling but you Tell me smile it dosnt make any sense at all its not fair And it feels so wrong
As I make peace with where I am right now and take inspired action, everything gets even better.
tired, you?
get olivertwist available on pronto !!
Just walked into a pet store full of snakes and alligators .....all eyes were on me...I felt like I was lunch.
Nice to be back in Austin
'Open collaborates with others and marshals their words and content to reveal the truth.'
Do course pages make research too easy for students?
Me: not at all.
It's not like they do the research for you!
I feel sorry for anybody that ever date me.
Trying to sublet my room for the summer.
Unfortunately, you'd have to live with
Nope they have to ruin what is a hobby to most of us, so they can feel important in some way.
Put that effort into real life!
there is Sam Barrington for you!
Thanks you too :
; she must mean nothing if you do what you do so, why do you do it if you know that's not true?
on my way!
If your going to buy a used car, consider a aftermarket warranty with it.
Not sure if its worth it?
Call me and i'll explain.
7195508282.
should i go to sleep or play video games?
Omg Sianga is getting so grown lol I miss u guys :
Such an awesome shot.
Looks like me golfing.
NO didn't you hear my flow?
Rojo is stuck in jail, because he couldnt get bail lmao
govt shutdown in tminus...
Magic, hawks...
Garbage
Also not a very good website.
14 of 18 for my picks
We got a show April 25th!
make sure ya come out and support!
Who's Lorenzo?
Hahaha I love all of this
Huh...I didn't know that the phrase jumped the shark came from an episode of Happy Days where Fonzie actually jumped a shark.
I own one of each.
Got the Strat recently after playing the Les Paul for years.
Collection is complete!
Friends, have any of you hired from oDesk or Elance before?
Suggestions 1sttimers?I'm looking at bookkeepers from Mauritius to Argentina...
a wife beater, a cry baby, a guy who won't sign, a backup from Oakland and a lazy receiver from south Carolina  cellar dweller.
This poor girl didn't pass her written test for her test!
She's crying!
Announcing the WordStream Internet Marketing 150: The Top Internet Marketing Software/SaaS Providers 2012
follow me love:
I called Peyton though, he'll be around.
You're welcome.
I walk so much faster then everyone else.
hope u have a great day as well!
Got Hunger Game Tickets
But search marketing done right is all about being wrong
google groups is great, but it still requires that additional step of logging in.
in the past I've found that to be a barrier
Why is rush hour traffic in miami getting worse!!!
Today was a nice day
True improvement is not mastering others, but mastering your prior self
What the fuuuuck
thss Rapppin game on the PS3    : 
Congrats!
Enjoy your new pestfree home.
Well yeah
RT Vote so hard that Walker feels it.
Behind the videos: Who is Jason Russell?
RT : ESPN need to fire yo ass you don't know shit about basketball RT : Is Andoctor Miller a Hall of Famer?I say yes
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
that's a clean hat lol
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life, they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it.
My only wish is that I die real.
Because the truth hurts  those lies kill.
fair enough.
is that something that you coach your players to do though?
asking in all honesty, have never played myself.
Getting ready for a staff wellness seminar!
Does your business have a corporate wellness program?
fuck students jobs g shit is too fixed
haha yes.
They're adorable.
I would love it if you could.
Dam man I don't know what to do
m me too.
i get regular AND grilled onions.
walking to work this early just makes me want to steal your newspaper.
Very nicely hand Paul our adoption papers...
You know you're a big fan when you've only heard a small part of MILLIONBUCKS  it gets stuck in your head haha:
You always miss the shots you don't take My mantra of the day.
Happy to be back teaching at KIFL.
Love my classes there.
LOL at mom talking about how sexy dad used to be
My wife convinced me.
I'm a lucky man.
Big thanks to Ernie Ball Strings, Brian Ball and Guitar Center for the opportunity to meet Eric Clapton in London later this month!
Watching Glee!
Omg I am so dead right now!
I love you Tina 3 Lol!
i love that song!
u think ur feet r....man I hope their grater is ready to go....
oh...Uh.
sure.
Thanks.
takes plate it looks good thank you
Mothering and Motherhood in Ancient Greece and Rome edited by Lauren Hackworth Petersen F'11 now available from
Off Muskego to try to slow doctorvers down in a neighborhood where a family just lost a dog to an apparent speeding doctorver.
Hope we can help!
Superstar house producer and dj Trent Cantrelle at Playhouse in Hollywood tonight.
Hit me at 9713346 to RSVP or reserve a table.
What school taught me: Once a dumbass, always a dumbass.
It takes but 1 positive thought when given a chance to survive  thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
Last minute preparations...
leaving for NYC day after tomorrow!
YUCK  completely unreliable!
why do you think short bitches are cute hmm?
Happy Mothers Day
Won't happen as long as Mayweather keep looking for excuses.
He knows he'll never beat Pacquiao.
RT DEC: AK salmon do not swim near Japan
playing with html...
did that article end abruptly or was it me?
I didnt see a link for the article to continue...He played baccarat.
The end.
Is anybody ages 1630 interested in sitting in on a focus group for a new clothing line on this Saturday?
doctornk and apps provided.
LMK!
Skype date with the CuZZo ...I love that girl
I'm So Glad to call myself a Mahomie Showing you some
who DOESN'T want to transfer!?
lol everybody was asking where jada
when will u make u comback
Just saw a chick who was at the bare minimum 6'7 and that is being generous
Thanks so much for being a friend!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you.
But how strong you stand is what makes you.
Hi how are ya doing?
:
For me, waking me up in the morning is a crime equivalent to strangling a small child with a plastic bag.
Listening to Cynical Skin on repeat all day...
's voice gives me the chills..
xD
Silence over there on the East Coast!!!
LOL
Oh, and also IWannaMeet !!
: and and and and and EVERY awesome country singer on the radio!!!!
:D
My voice is still gone....
No job is worth that
iwish our doctorams become a reality !!
So easy, yet so hard for people to understand.
Kant would be proud, Susan.
I swear I wish it was a cure for Cancer..
make my doctorams come true and make a love baby with
Seriously?
200 empty seats  you're gonna sit right next to me..if this person starts sneezing or coughing it's on..
I believe the bruins have it in them this year to not only take out the lightning but to also win the cup!
Never give up on something you worked so hard on in the first place .
: God damn my boy looks good in the Benz  HILARIOUS
lol Boi u r silly!
We are heading that way in 5 days hopefully they'll get they act 2gthr by then.
RT : do you have mad ariba skills?
1 thing that correlate y we have a weak safety net than other countries is the belief that ppl of color wld abuse the system
you do realize we all know, its on the board.
pissin shittn on.my self etc etc
Commission business meeting will begin in approximately 15 minutes due to traffic caused by an accident on the interstate.
I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive.
I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful.
Leaving with Delbert tonight.
In Charlotte at Neighborhood Theatre tomorrow night and Atlanta, at The Variety Playhouse on Saturday night.
like flabangos over beer bongs?
Soy un sacadito q no le gusta la luzzzz !!!
awful woman
Heh.
Is that the banner?
Looks a bit out of date.
Perhaps you offer then an updated version, for a cheezeburger today.

sixty degree days in November!
: D
...
He is now officially a busy man
YES!
I'll meet you first!
3 And we'll go party with Austin!;
I just met you and this is crazy.
also WWE's Triple H was with Floyd along with beebs and 50 cent
Listening to getting ready ready for the show tonight at the greek.
It happens to fall on paul's bday!
she has to be a lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets
im tryna write this paper.....
so distracted..
So might be singing at disney hall dont know if I should do it or not lol
Q1 continued.
But the annual conference next year is in Dallas, so, yeah...
...bae sayn she love me u should b good
when Brian busted his ass!
LMFAO
we'll be out Friday night!!
Playing for Chavez Next year.
From my book, Milliganism, Motivational Quotations and How Comes: When you learn better.....
You start doing better!
My gf isn't speaking to me.
All because I didn't open the car door for her.
I guess I just panicked and swam to the surface.
Man...
I get home early and my dog ate my Dad's Nerf Mjolnir hammer.
Climbed up on my table, picked up the hammer and tore it apart.
:
Back in Houston!
Missing the amazing weather and designers in Minneapolis!!
That Mike Epps stand up was funny as hell last nite Chicago showed him much love
please please please follow I love u so much
Almost done with my work...
Takin forever.
Huntsman: Before Nixon went south, he established EPA, NIH, Nat'l Cancer Institute.
Declared war on cancer
Sometimes people are beautiful.
Not in looks.
Not in what they say.
Just in what they are.
Can you jerk for us?
May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14
Were glad you noticed.
: RT: Nutrigrain fruit bars  HFCS.
Sunbelt fruit bars real sugar
The perfect straw tote for all your beach needs.

Could use some good sex right about now!!!
We're in the final stages of edits for the fall issue!
Get stoked!
No city invites the heart to come to life as San Francisco does.
Arrival in San Francisco is an experience in living.
William Saroyan
Wow some girls look so ugly with tattoos.
I like my clean skin thank you very much.
Patron says,'you have to capitalize all the words in the title for this search' yeah,you're the expert,thats why you came to me,idiot!
It all started with a clear purpose to a tangible doctoram.
Right on !!
RT : A little more FF to my WW peeps RIGHT BACK ATCHA!
When girls hv no hips  a D'Angelo line u cant pay me to believe they arent just bitches whose dick got mistaken for an umbilical cord  cut
I watched I LOVE it
I need him to do it for fantasy football sake!
Lol
Is there a transcript or video for the Opening Plenary at MW2011 ?
Don't look back your not going that way
squeezes you
I got a new boyfriend  a new vibrator on the same day.
One of them isn't gonna last very long.
RT : A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is  it is what consumers tell each other it is.
Morrissey Monday at Charmington's!
Also: fresh Macoun apples from Reid's Orchard in whole or muffin form.
Thanks for sharing..
so much creativity and love!
Goddess powered.
Anyone know if the Center Ice feed for the Isles/Pens game will be blacked out?
I have NHL Center Ice but not Versus.
:
: RT ain't no shakin' that Coachella tan!
bahaha
Honky tonkin' down on broadway!
I'm back from the dead.
Whiskey please :
hey y'all: how's the night going for y'all?
love is...
well...
complicated
Why the hell did parts of my hair turn pink..
YES!
beetle juice is on :
Thanks so much to Gypsy Death Star for being an AMAZING opening act and setting such a fantastic vibe for the night!
We're hving a tornado doctorll at work
Really need to get off my lazy butt more...Vegas is coming too quickly and my bikini body is still hibernating.
Belated wave back.
We believe that all mothers deserve to care for their childoctorn with dignity.
BoiseSOC Bieter: All of this is really faith in ourselves  faith in abilities; faith in our wisdom; faith in our city.
going to party like its 1972 when my dear mister.
Pervis was here.
going to treat myself to some pudding.
No final 4 for you.
RT : BSB: Whelp, the Pilots can't escape the rain, today's game at Santa Clara has been pushed back to 6
Jerry Bruckheimer is a true American.
Finally done with work.
Time to go VOTE!
Ah I'm so glad it's winter no school for two weeks I just got done with semester test yesterday
Dear god, what my blood pressure must be right now.
When I first made my twitter, I thought it was all about posting quotes so everyone could see how inspirational I was
Give me your hand.
Let me screw you.
i HATE being sick.....
Today is not the first day of the rest of my life...it is the LAST OF MY PAST!
RT More margarita in my tequila, por favor
wanna bet nigga
Amen.
I don't know why I ain't in a witness protection program.
: Agreed : RT thanks we should make another soon!!
great I ll contact u soon!
Xo
NBA Memes kills me 
Sometimes I can't believe my good luck.
who wants to cook me dinner ?
Baby you looking real good sexy....
I was wondering where was the other half of this picture...
You and me both ;p RT : i love to ROCK my COCK
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Can you turn that shit up for me right now?
RT : Very proud of the tonight.
We worked as a unit  made an unprecedented number of voter contacts.
Props!
Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it.
I'm So.Ready To Leave!!
Congrats to Wake County NC voters for kicking the segregationist school board to the curb tonight.
thank you!!
Happy Friday everyone!!
Cool for a few days
Had some dank ass cookies though.
ive lost all my fanciness
Glad to be connected!
Absolutely FREE mobile media marketing for your business Join the fun Success to All!
mascara runnin' down her little Bambi eyes, Lana, how I hate those guys
I love the gene Simmons show .
333
didn't think this is the shit or something like that
what time?!
GM your pictures should be posted by today .
Got some things comin up are you in Columbus
Wish I would have taken advise earlier and started reading book before today
Southern American.
GO CHUCK GO
Nothing in this world can turn off the light.
Have an early morning appt.
Out south  called myself leaving early to avoid traffic.
Ha!
Tell that to the Kennedy.
Just came in what's this all about?
always smile no matter how broke you are inside...
Frustration is a twoedged sword...it can devastate the faithless and doctorve the timid insane, yet..
the professorssor
This flu going around is really starting to harsh my mellow.
Instead of doctornking wine w/ I'll be on my couch watching Firefly
twitter should just be called staller
more like in the bathroom stall
I was planning to be there, but my son is ill.
Please message me on Engrade, and I will make arrangements to talk with you.
I respect the preparation of that tweet!
New Leica M9 full frame camera will include Adobe Lightroom.
I cannot verify if that was really French, but it definitely didn't sound as scary in whatever language it was.
Ah, that's my colleague John Russell.
Perhaps because I'll be away, it got past me.
agree on clash of educating kids vs protecting innocence.
My son asked tough ?'s re: posters at rally.
Had to be honest.
Nice!
Enjoy, I have the game on, playing music on my ukulele..
:
So jealous of the DakotaCon peeps at the class today.
sigh Maybe next year for Broty...
7pm tonight Hill Park,will be a candlelight vigil in remembrance of Trayvon Martin.
Wear a Hoodie in solidarity.
alltimelow concert tonight!!!!
HappyFirstDayOfSpring Get out there and enjoy the fabulous weather  After work of course ;
Happy birthday, August Wilson.
The Microwave oven was invented in Boston but I don't see it on football or sport jerseys.
Happy Mother 's Day Columbus!
should thank for uploading, had picked it up from a RT by Cal last night.
Feel like I had a breakthough earlier...had to get to a coffee shop and get thoughts down on paper...
the daily grind
haha hes no Devin Harris.
I'd pick up John Louer over him.
Good, gentle, and affectionate is a good description
surgery?
praying everything goes ok
Than you for following us.
Ladies free is da word for friday night
Vegas is so busy this afternoon!
We're looking for an exclusive spa sponsor for this year's event.
Wanna be the only spa/salon at our event?
Let us know!
I NEED TA GET ON A TRACK 4REAL!
RT.
Looking for people who want to make money with their business!!
yeah, get in thurs nite, but leave sat morn for austin for a bach party.
will this be the first year you go since you made NFL?
just rewatched for the first time today.
So great
Just saw Fatigo too.
Like a more indie TMBG.
still flyin' on next.
So sweet to be at quiet fun show right now.
I've reached Nerd status w/ GameOfThrones.
Relying on podcasts 2get my fix since wife refuses 2participate 2 level of detail I ask of her
Indeed that is lame,but isn't that the point of what is going on today?Not everyone understand the danger
What document do you absolutely need to receive when you hand money to someone who works on your home?
A signed, notarized lien waiver
1!week to Miami
How much online shopping do you do?
Are you addicted to pinning like we are?
Owner Ashley Grant has created an adorable board for Magnolia Bay Toffee!
Follow us on Pinterest!
The Bucks face the LA Lakers here at the Bradley Center tonight at 8:30 p.m.
Go, Bucks!
I have no say in that sort of thing
whenitwascoolto be first in line :
I don't like how Roc Nation is using Beyonce to make Rita seem credible, though.
Beyonce likes Rita Ora so you should too is pretty weak.
Feeling a little stuck.
I need a new outlook on things and possibly some motivation.
awesome!
I recently quit too, so nice job on getting to gym  non smokin!
I hate cleaning my room, but I love relaxing knowing how clean it is afterward.
It's not always the best hand dealt that wins, it's the hand that plays the best  smart way.
: I'm so close to shooting a fire work in my big ass backyard to get this damn cricket to shut the fuck up
Either You real or You Fake!!!!
Ain't no in between!
that's always a good thing.
everyone could use a few more crunches i imagine.
Let's get some more followers for !!!
He deserves them!
: 3
what!
pizza in 's class tonight!
yea I know.
Before he was hurt, I was very optimistic.
Our bench is only alright.
We are down to LBJ  Dwade basically
you bring up sex but im the freak lol
The air conditioning in my house died.
Someone come revive this sucker!
I need air, i am NOT a desert plant!
Soo I Got Join In A Math Contest With My Friends, Just Found Out Non Of The Competitors Are Beliebers.
They're Gonna Be Sorry ;
why do kids fight sleep?
Lock me in a room with a comfy bed, pillow and blanket there will be no protest!
YAY!
And the job will come.
: You're too awesome to not get hired.
I say that as your mentor.
Goodoctorader to reflow and make pdfs readable on smartphone.
If that works as advertised I'm on board!
I'm really into friendly fires right now 3
I am a questioner, undeniably.
Nothing would make me happier than my going home right now.
I hate school 
Probably should think about getting two, just incase one is defective.
Safety first!
I didnt want to take gym but I did anyway and now my stomic hurts more
are work or college?
I can't tell if the new guy at work laughs at my jokes because he thinks they're funny or because he's sucking up.
Don't really care, either
Yay!
Best news I've heard all week!
Record low temperatures tied for may 10th...
Portland Airport...
...
37 degrees set in 1999
The proper use of the mind separates champions from good players.
So many people are getting it in tonight springbreak ;
Approval plan tackled.
Snack time and catching up on
Been busy, not making the time for the ones who really care.
I mean I have but not enough..
it took me such a long time to figure out that damn thing!
Well, That wasn't very nice.Chubby people give good hugs :
Fan games.
Please play Fan games.
This kids throwin mousetraps at people
When's your next show?
I stand ready to keep you stocked with brownies.
Yes the Eagles won.
Hope ur back in the game soon.
Good luck in Houston.
yeah that's bad...
Am so excited for May.
Revo San Diego Website launches  Next Wednesday November 11th!
thanks, appreciate it!
Finish setting up for PGBC Holiday Party tomorrow!
Two more xmas parties to go...i love my job, i am having so much fun!
If you see an ethnic group trending, don't click on it.
You won't feel good.
We need to hangout again.
SOON.
Watch avengers!
:
But you don't!
RT This week sucks...
has to get used to travelling with a newborn and think about a bigger car...so much gear to carry around!!
playing with tadpoles.
cant for the new TwoAndAHalfMen series!!
i wonder who's be better ; Charlie Sheen or Ashton Kutcher...
ABDC!!
Finally starting in the west coast!
I can't get the images to load.
I've been trying since this morning..
Great article in the NYTimes, Out on the Town, Always Online Many New Yorkers keep their smartphones always within reach...
I love it!
Here I am
Got into cake fight today, so much fun :
I'm sending those tomorrow mane!
GET WORK DONE!
thanks for another well done mozinar we really enjoyed tuning in.
1st game called at half due to lightning.
Lost 01.
On to breakfast!
Hi tuck
I am amazed by the incredible talent, brains, and determination of the young people I know.
followyourdoctorams ilovemykidstheirfriends
Fuji Provia 100F disappeared practically overnight...
backordered almost everywhere.
Man!
It's like Y2K at the grocery store all over again.
I honestly haven't even started packing yet, so that's a timely tip.
:
Shes more pressed than an outfit on Easter sunday 
we will need to have another Fringe discussion after you watch the season finale.
A perfect, sunny day in San Diego.
What should I do?
uh!!!
What have I got myself into?
Purple pill on deck 
hey!
er, sorry, what are you asking?
I follow back too.
Lets rock this.
Special guest star tonight as sits in.
Its annoying when people try to tell you what you said.
If you're ever in trouble, don't call the police!
is what my maternal grandmother always told me.
It has put my plans for this week on hold.
Journalist Lee Woodoctorff is so comfortable with the radio medium.
Interesting conversation right now.
Love that question or the protein one...same place your food gets it from...
Im a diehard Browns fan and I just can't see myself keeping up with a nonBrown player, is for that.
I found ya.
So remember when Billy was singing behind Kevin,  I said,Kevin look behind U  he said, I know its Shavar.
??
As i much you annoy the shit outta me, and buy me stuff, I love you mother ..
OK, we just sent you a DM.
Any suggestions for good health/fitness apps for the iPhone?
Just got to Arizona from LA then hopped on my plain to Dallas from Arizona ready to be home.
:
Postwedding brunch at Mother's in Bmore...ready for a nap!
can't wait to see you!
Asking to you sign a couple books is always my highlight of the con!
I really hope Patty doesn't read this!
At least she's ahead of the tea!
Happy Valentine's day to you too 3
make sure you're following are consolidating accounts.
namaste!
haha.
yeah!
by the way, your mixtape for the delights for pysch minds is the JOINT!
; Happy Friday :
Hi your cute!
Please check out this website.
Doing good things on multiple levels.
Shoutout to our sponsor Attorney Tarena Franklin...the greatest family law attorney ever.
Hit her up if you require services 4147587341
There's no one to listen so you laugh to yourself.
Rip busted doctorid ..
Finally making the switch to
Hot green tea and honey
Thanks man  Congrats on the potential new role I heard about!
lol block them
Will be selling prints at the Spokane Arena on Saturday Dec 17th at the Spokane Chiefs vs Portland Winterhawks game.
Senate TAx Committee votes to recess WITHOUT voting on a Vikings stadium bill.
Confusion reins in jackaldom.
sitting here at work sleepy as hell
a dang moment...
come home from a long day sit down relax ...cut t.v on an realize yuh aiant got Cable loll
Save the date on May 5th...Only Just a couple more weeks till DerbyDay!
Need a recommendation for a photographer in the Twin Cities area in April
Emailed twice and have not heard a reply since Friday afternoon.
Where can I replace the main chipset exactly?
Come on Pens!!
I asked her what that mouth do...and then she did it
I agree RT : Kandi is rocking that giant weave ponytail for the reunion and looks FIERCE!!!!!
is fresh like a ripe cantaloupe
nordies is having their men's half yearly sale!
Give it a whirl?
Fell down the stairs today...with a suitcase.
Love this show !
Enjoy watching it!
VIP treatment for me.....lol
What ?
Three judges got ousted for legalizing gay marriage ?
Thats Horrible !
They sound like Heros
East siders about to hit mill for
I wish I could stay home and watch movies for the rest of the day
a student I'm mentoring doing something related.
LA County is allowing ppl to vote if sworn in by 11/6, neat huh?
Coconut Ciroc and Lemonade is the doctornk of choice tonight.
Equal pay for equal work, thank you very much
We are looking for a new Dance Group of the Week any thoughts?
Someone needs to help Rihanna, she likes rude boys, loves it when people lie to her and apparently forgot her name.
Can't wait for tomorrow.
Happy to be feelin better.
HU is clearly the most awkward in the majority of situations.
npsg Today we see a new paradigm.
It's no longer: people go where the jobs are...
boo : Ok will I get shot ,standing ovation or will I het booed
Enjoying the early beautiful springlike weather in Buffalo.
Plans include a long walk outside to make the most of it.
Happy Friday friends!
Thanks for the RT!
Slow texters Just at the right time texters  Fast texters
Were falling apart...
and idk what to do about it.
3 different partners or same guy?
Ikr :D now I luv punk but he just crossed the line
Thank you very much for the RT :
GB baby!!!
Matt Flynn set Packer record books!
151 now a bye week!
twistin up a blunt thinkin bout my next dollar
Im Bella!:
I love reading books with intense and thickening plots that make them impossible to put down.
Reading one now.
:
Haha oh damn!
I look forward to it ;
Open mic getting started...until about 9:30pm...let's rock!
Ravens and Chargers on SundayNightFootball.
Big game for both teams.
Who's going to win?
you preggers, or is that a movie?
It's called the unfair wrath of David Stern so blatant!
Me too!
Will look for recording.
Glad this is popular!
RT sloancres Bounced out of webinar...can't get back in...reached limit
Hartford to West Palm Beach just went on sale.
Can I catch a 6am flight?
Hate being a guy in Vegas on hot day,,,,, can't get anti any nightclub with shorts but babes can
Wishing I could join crossfit :/
I used to hate coffee and now I hate that I'm addicted to coffee.
Mix 1 egg, 1 cup beer, 1 cup flour, dunk cheese curds in it, fry in hot oil!
Make 'em at home!
Who remembers favorite candy.
I'm eating some rite now.
Bet u can't guess it
Shoes look great!
Let's hope they do the trick.
Don't forget to stretch and strengthen too.
Good luck!
Kindness is like snow  it beautifies everything it covers.
Anonymous
MT : Glad, family together in church.
Takeaway: Christopher needs work on etiquette in service.
happyproudbutheisloud
: Once you're attached, you're fucked.
Good Morning!
An artist is a doctoramer consenting to doctoram of the actual world.
George Santayana
If you received a DM or tweet from me saying there is a bad blog about you  don't click the link!
Niall is single and looking?
I VOLUNTEER!
I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE ;
.RT : Sometimes the person blowing u off is doing you the BIGGEST FAVOR EVER!!
dontDWELL
The number of display bugs on Travelocity in Chrome is astonishing.
TOMORROW Queen, Living Color, David Bowie  Mick Jagger 11
Am I a computer nerd since I already knew some of those?
S/o to my boy and bestfriend since we were 7 Happy birthday bro
Habits begin with a conscious decision.
Assassins Creed Gameplay released.
Must watch asap!
Watching Martin.
Use what you don't show/say: sometimes a good pause says more than words
And about them js that's comin out smh raw
I mean I prefer the 4th thats a great day but the 1st is kool too
you sure?
The Section 357 Show is airing right now.
How'd you hear Jazzmine Sullivan?
Look for DNN to keep going up tomorrow it moved up 0.12 today at 1.06 a share you can double your money in 3 mths
On my way to meet with Cosmopolitan and Good Housekeeping!
Only 2 of the largest women's mags in the world.
No big deal or anything.
oh  wednesday.
Well, when you get it in, then i'll say good job!
Let me know how it goes.
And hopefully it's just a precursor to someone that's in Nashville's rotation coming up to replace Chulk/Dillard.
Bowen: Vick, DeSean Don't Practice Les Bowen of the Philadelphia Daily News discusses Michael Vick and DeSean Jackson missing practice We
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
James Baldwin
Man these boys on fire
Summer Clearance going on now!
You're very welcome.
Best of luck with the rest of the exhibition
My fridayreads: A Study in Scarlet
That pin wasn't very safe.
We're checking now.
Will let you know as soon as we get the answer!
yes you are and thats a good thing keep grindin
Giving God all the glory
We've had that a bunch of times this winter.
I have bare grass on 95 of my yard.
Weirdest winter ever.
I'm so pissed right now.
Get on oovoo ASAP.
Then the moment will pass.
Man will be gone.
There will be nothing to show that we were ever here...
but stardust.
I've never seen so much excitement for GREASE before!
please welcome to our family our bulldog sister
Anderson's face after that misfield looked almost physically ill.
I got them moves like Jagger, I got them moves like Jagger, I got them moves like Jagger!!
If u follow us we follow u...so if we have a million following us we should b following a million plus hit us up
: RT : This is a Day that the Lord Has Made I will Rejoice and Be Glad in it!
Is it friday yet?
This week can't be over soon enough.
Good morning San Diego and happy Friday!
And for all our StarWars fans out there, May the Fourth be with you!
Yang Jing from Beijing is playing the dinner/concert series on Monday.
Oaklands 7 year running vegan underground restaurant.....
Thank you Evan Zeppos of ZepposandAssociates for coming to meeting today.
you will see him someday !
I'm happy for you cuz!
the more technical side of UDL may be more challenging
: McCarran welcomes attendees arriving for the World Market Centers Winter Las Vegas Market.
Enjoy our amazing city!
we're so professorsh..
Can't wait for celebrations maana!
Team Edward/Jacob/Rosie 4life
ok then chill cuz i sing better than u
Wish I had someone to chill with tonight
The countdown has started...good morning good people..
tgif...and april fools to
I Love You Sister 3 3
I had no idea until today that the Beastie Boys were a hiphop group.
Total surprise.
RelationshipsEndBecause when the boy loves his playstation more than he loves you, It's not real love.
I'm just being myself, seeing where life decides to take me.
Thank you ALL, wiunion and other friends.
Remembering last spring.
Have my sign displayed in my room and a Recall Walker sign....
Jammed the songs on guitar and doctorms today.
Ain't the same with no bass but practice is practice!
Thanks Carter!
what's wrong?
Let's get wasted..
Chocolate wasted.
duh!
c: LOL
I'll give you the deets when I come to visit in May!!!
Get ready for Lizfest!
ill'n
Wheels up Chicago next stop D.C.
especially a Sunday morning...
: I love the smell of JIRA in the morning.
Never say never right ?
I will never give up on you, your My inspiration follow me 3
Haha its bad when your bff txt you to remind you!
We need to be on top of our Shit!
awhh I love you bestfriend : we need to seriously hangout I miss you like crazy!!
Perhaps an 'alternative to screen' might be a better framing than
Thanks!
Will do
doctor Who is the only thing in life that will always be there for me.
Follow these ladies for daily tips
Finally!
All done with the interior painting!
Now the outside which is really going to be a pain
Something big is cooking in the Dovestech oven.
Is it a Turkey or is it business related?
Find out soon!
Figured out the intro to Mcr's March to the Black Parade :3
Clearly, only someone from Northern Virginia would know such a fact LOL ...
and how true this is!
:
I love that Cubs fans clearly haven't learned from Bartman...guy blatently swipes at the fair ball to try and grab it from play
What kind of microphone do you use?
Also, I slept 11hrs last night, it was magnificent!
you're welcome!!
they think it was a 5.8..
That's what everyone at the mall is saying.
I should have clarified that strawberries and nutella were better than dating, not that a date did this for me.
Geez.
Oh, add
We need a lunch and shopping date asap!!
3
apparently i have a great voice and should be on broadway.
Happy final weekend of Summerfest!
Hope you all have a great weekend...
and maybe join us for brunch or a beer or two?
;
Which SYTYCD Vegas week interview should I post next?
Nigel, Lil C, Adam, Mary, or Debbie?
time for bed and is going on a really amazing rant about how 95 of people shouldn't have the right to creative selfexpression 3
Graduating students are picking up their caps and gowns today!
Do you remember getting yours?
And ready to hear Ms.
addoctorss the IMFFA
Lol whatever.
That dump was so huge you had to bring out the big guns  broke that thing!
Hahaha!
have a good one lol
I'm sure if you tweet about how tired you are you'll fall asleep faster.
What's better, the Hunger Games book or movie?
' blogger and guest blogger Miguel Rodoctorguez weigh in!...
I am gorgeous!
What about you guys?
At least you aren't allergic to cats, says about my forever single status.
Yes I am totally human.
Good to know that there are still people on Twitter.
oh, LOVE tulips!
bizzy bone lookinn ass..yu smell like hot breathe and sour chips wit yo wolf lookinn ass..akon nose wit a size 12 shoe lol
BYEonRadio.
please help us trend BYEonRadio.
if you haven't heard Before You Exit.
then go check them out on youtube.
they are awesome.
:
Haha Joey walk in and goes haha so your watching gta4?
Blown...ill prolly just go MIA today
192 Cleveland over the Yankees.
Wow....
whoops, make that 20  2.
NP !!!!
Check out my New track Brink of Success on Reverb Nation, FB etc thanks for the support
Shake it shake it shake tht healthy butt..
baby got back
i dont understand why im so awake right now
Rain, rain go away come back another day
on Leadership  Ordinary people can make Extraordinary contributions, Steve McAuliffe on anniversary of Challenger disaster.
Amen.
Well, that's not so good.
Hope it healed fast!
occupyCPAC costume: 'Mitt' full body baseball glove and the tax dodgers.

If I had my way, we'd be piping the Beasties loudly thru the whole office!
have u got their cd yet?
congrats!
and great name.
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book .
S/o to my nigga !
gonna jump rope!
:
I'll take it.
Years as a PSU fan have made me accept winning ugly.
My younger cousin once complained to me she had to write a paper on a typewriter.
I just laughed.
pdx Google Nexus with Verizon LTE/CDMA doesn't work in NE Portland.
Wish i was at the garden for the redhotchilipeppers concert
If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in the darkness, we lie, and do not the truth: 1 John 1:6
NC's Amendment1 would ban not only gay marriage, but civil unions  domestic partnerships.
secondclasscitizens srsly?
die a virgin not a sinner
We love families who run on Dunkin'.
RT : My uncle's buying me coffee this mornin!
FTW
: My ass  your ass bigbootyprobz
I hate benedoctorl omg
Hm, it's Friday but I have some money that's burning a hole in my pocket so shopping it is :
today was a good day i hope that everyone else had a good day as well
Happy Oscar Day!
We arent super excited by this year's Academy Awards because of the poor nominations, but we support our fellow filmmakers!
My bros hmu this morning just to say they love me ; NORTHSIDE OR NOTHIN
S/O to Veronica Jackson, for helping TFPG get to the show!!!
No no no.
I wasn't insulting you...
I was describing you.
exactly truthhurts 
hard to say how true/biased the article is, but even if half of it is true...
After reading a few books on the dollar crisis, gold standard,
Thanks for the retweet !
RT : Yet to register for Entrepreneurs Conf  need a discount code?
DM me TODAY.
Codes EXPIRE Fri.
5/18!...
You've paid your dues...
Good Luck You can win another one.
now that class is over, its time to do homework, well first fixing up my new place.
Lee: Lack of jobs, unemployment rates are double nat'l avg in communities of color.
Keep your gum in your mouth wade.
Thanks, !
RT: Wow what a site!
Well done Prologis and Volker for turning fields in to distribution park excellence!
Watchn the game
If a test is to be the measure, then don't forget that many teachers have been part of a one student's instruction.
The shipping cost range depends on the number of items ordered and location they are shipping to.
Whoa!
This is true in my WIP.
Bummed...
Parents do not get to attend without a ticket....
Majorly bummed.
They want me to doctorp her off alone.
Pussy are you here, for fucking huh!!
lol
Lovely dish.
Jennings to Sanders ...
again.
gas up yer VW bus :
Morning Tweeties.
Hope you had an awesome weekend.
when in fact, I think historians could make amazing interpreters b/c there's a deeper understanding of context sometimes.
1348 Washington ave.
Miami Beach, FL 33139 call me at 18886FIXIPHONE if any questions
Wow, thanks , that's exciting!
WAS GOOD FAM
It's going down mayne.
Can't wait for the interview
Ohh you have a diary?
Please tell me how important you think your secrets are.
Umm Did I Tweet you Back??
follow me back
Pretty excited to MC preschool graduation with lovethosekids 
It's so weird seeing teachers come to elmers with family...
youactuallyhavealife?
Taylor Jones won at Portland Meadows today  horse has now accrued 9,210 this season.
Winnings donated to to help kids.
wow ur answer tells me you really hate on mondays..
HAha
We're fortunate to be in the DC market!
Buyers, sellers, and Realtors!
Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man that I want my childoctorn to spend their weekends with?
Im so ready for CASTLE!!!!
RT : Attending Midsize Enterprise Summit?Send us ur Twitter handle  follow mes12
That is wonderful!
Good to hear.
lolol one day I shall be on your level O' Great One lol
All baseball batters need to wear head gear that will protect the entire head because those hard fast baseballs are very dangerous.
Perhaps there are so many bad movies because no one allows the writer to be the story expert on the film.
If you had TM'd embrace the crazy we could have had our first cease  desist with Missed opportunity.
2dollarsubs, yea I could probably get a deal like that using
In algebra class.....:
If your deodorant isn't helping you ?
wash Pits once a day with a facial cleanser that contains benzoyl peroxide to kill b.o bacteria !
Nikita Khrushchev Whether you like it or not history is on our side.
We will bury you.
Hahaha...
I love ya 
vacation is just so boring these days,,, but still family counts especially with the fun...
JK  I've been reading tweets all day!

You're friends right?
Wanna do a twoway sync with eachother?
I think bieber might be around for awhile, it's looking like he'll never hit puberty
Find a new favorite wine !
We open at 5:00pm six days a week w/ SOCIAL HOUR from 57p everyday!
Watching Halloween for the 2nd time this week...by myself.
Interviewing students for /HACER scholarships is amazing!
Theme: Latinos fight financial setbacks to succeed
I'M LATE BUT I LOVE GOAPELE'S MUSIC.
lol she likes the most random people.
Had to fill out yet more paperwork for my SS disability filing.
Wish they'd just give it to me all at once.
U MAD CAUSE U CHECK AINT COME....
I am currently coo coo for Cocoa Puffs.
I am so lucky to have an amazing home in forest heights with an amazing personal interior designer!
Pix to come late.
When you mentally check out from your life, your job or your relationship, you CANNOT be surprised to wake up and find it in ruins!
56 Days 10 Hours 28 Minutes until Techweek 2012 ConferenceExpo...
where does the time go?!
are u here?!?
Today is a GREAt day....
:D
Thanks, hope it was useful!
So excited to have my art at the new store in Green Hills !
They have lots of great personalized giftsitems for your home.
They don't need to know my business!!
Bigelow Blvd leaving downtown is insanely backed up.
What gives?
Only a week left in our Mother's Day contest to win permanent makeup for your Mom.
Post a pic and tell us why she deserves to win!
Buy an Internet Radio Player by mulberry1
JFC...wow...that company has been struggling for a while, hard to believe though in a town that size.
Happy Mothers Day luvz
Shaking or trembling is a common physical symptom of socialanxiety disorder.
It's a result of the fightorflight response.
Hope we'll get to hear it someday!
Quick Jabs: Amir Khan Loves Fish, Nonito Donaire Got Beat Up By A Girl Again ...
The Queensberry Rules
Our new banner is now standing tallCarson
Friendly reminder, journal Entry One is due on Friday.
The instructions are posted in the content section and doctorp box area of D2L.
I rely on tweets 4 marketing our products and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Clarissa: name of an average girl that is really pretty, but is crazier than a mushroom stamp.
Can sing like an angel.
School, Y U NO EXCITING.
The one day i actually have energy.
WorkFlow than headed to Paterson for Music Video.
: It hurts when u put all your time and energy into someone and it falls apart like it was never there
Honored to be the sole Democrat running in Assembly District 22San Mateo.
On to the June primary and November general election.
Haha I just saw this!
Hi mister.
Rulli!
Yep sure, whatever you say.
Im done withyou.
That somg forget you sure id coming in handy right now.
Morgan freeman is my fav action hero!
At New Beverly to see THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE, AND HER LOVER for the first time.
Fuck waitN for 2 months,I want that pussy in a day...stuck a fast dyke looking bitch...don't let ya shit decay
Apps are cool, but only part of the picture.
RT : Seriously, I'm happy all y'all had nonbipolar mothers who didn't try to cast Satan out of you every other Tuesday.
Now STFU.
What's the word coming out from a tournament near you?
almost done; last body  then conclusion.
someone keep me awake!
Who here thought RonPaul already had stopped campaigning?
My hand is raised.
I can't keep up with
I was hoping to meet Dahvie again and getto see who he got to rplace Garrett
woof.
these jobs is hard.
ready for a break.
photoshopped!
Nice try!
actually no, then ill get nervous haha
you are entitled to your opinion, it just could have been offencive to some people, including me.
so I spoke up.
Looking for PMP Certified PM's for the Lauderdale area that have experience managing vendors and large projects.
The 16 miles today will be warm to say the least ...
Hope a cold front arrives in 90 min!
Under new commercial representation with Lewis and Beal.
John Panko Vice President of Sales for Richfield Hospitality
I'm pretty sure I have A.D.D..
I'm suppose to be studying right now, but I
SATURDAY 12/4: Josh Hoge w/ Todd Carey, Isaac Russell DOORS  8PM!
www.thecanalclub.com
your mother is always with you Lane.
3 Never forget that.
She's so proud of you.
Happy mothers day to her:
because I wasn't getting any love
Today's walk  came upon a man playing the clarinet  warming up for church performance of faith of our mothers  my mom played clarinet
I really need help guys.
please, anyone that lives in the chicago area please tweet me.
hope it goes well :
prolly next week more than likely then
Shave and haircut on that series!
Yikes!
what would i do without arabic coffee...
go eat some rice pudding!
that's funny.
Cause when I was 5 I had to get 10 stitches cause I cracked my head open ...
xD
WOOOPS!
Thats cause the Marlins are on the big boy screen!
Waltz  McCarver?!?!?
We are taking over baseball!
This is awesome!
GOL DE TITO VILLA
Always looking out for Matt.
You'll be taking care of and I when we reach the back nine of life.
I wanna watch hsm
thanks for following.
Off to eat food and doctornk alcohol in Santa Monica.
Setting up twitter sites for imagining america at KSU and MAST at KSU.
Follow us as we grow!
Finally got my license
I hate that inverstigator dude!
PrettyLittleLiars I'm still clueless on who A is...
.
followed  'swag'
Some rock stars trash hotel rooms.
Our Bass player, Tonya TOTALS CARS!
Mad respect for your Show must go on attitude, girl!
Rich
great just started using myh phone and its red already .....
fuckyouphone :/
Why is it everytime I tell my parents I have a girlfriend, tha first thing they say is She White or Black?
...hate you for it.
Dear philly...
Ur team still sucks really bad...
Ur gonna get ur ass handed to u...
Sincerely bulls fan :
RT : Lol everyone in my school thinks they're so cool for doctornking underage.
Very welcome!
trust no dick.
Getting Auth failed on the iPad setup, but have a giant account.
Help?
Aww YAY!
Yes I think I will be in town that weekend, but not 100 sure, but you should definitely remind me when it gets closer!
...can't thank you enough times for everything that you've help out with for the global bass scene.
Much luv
Don't try  play me for no fool !
So excited on how they look!: Just got the shirts and they will be on bodies headed to Africa soon.
Thanks!
yes true that :
well helloo; how are you?
Follow me?
I'm not on the NHL hockey bandwagon because I've been making a good effort to follow the entire season, but definitely on Kings bandwagon!
Intro, schmintro, just write it.
OR...
Have someone else write it.
is auditioning for an episode of the TV Show House.
Thank you to my agent Lisa Berman.
:
Posted new songs on soundcloud...
check them out...
5 total...
Ahh...I think this is the first dancer I absolutely know and you will too.
Writing a very, very special post.
This one will steal your heart...
doctorve is an awesome movie
Seeing old friends from high school
The Nintendo 64 is a timeless system, and is always great with multiplayer and some beers.
so not prepared for this ride
I need sleep.
Makes sense now!
Siri totally sucks.
It only works about 5 of the time.
FF Following all great people,art,food, stylist    Monicasacayalla great products
is that your gut feeling?
what the hell with all the road closures?
110 to 66 is shutdown, highland street is blocked off..
just trying to get on 66 here y'all
QK is a ninja.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
George Bernard Shaw
You are a candidate for Breast Enhancement if you would like larger breasts, or you have one breast larger/smaller than the other.
Do you miss your brother  sister ?
For Christmas two different people gave me a copy of 11/22/63.
Think I've talked about it enough?
Glad to meet you today at the Restoration Christian Fellowship Luncheon.
May God continue to cover you in your ministry.
Just took a krav maga class and or kicked my tail!!!!!
I find it hilariously that u r listening to the radio!
Love it.
good morning mama ...
My bad was busy with my clients
yeah, SURE!
: That's why SOME females get the pleasure of finding the guy that's got his shit together
framing hanley's lollipop cover 3
I don't always win playoff series, but when I do...
I prefer to do it in 7.
UnFF:  first he goes all Favre on us; then he bashes Bo.
Nothing personal, but this time...
it's personal.
enjoyed the finale TSC u all brought it big time
Haha, that'd be me right now.
Ha.
Next Debate, analog tweeted
I absolutely hate being dyslexic
I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.
Chuck Swindol
Only thing good bout Indiana is Pawnee
That's where I am.
Samsung Galaxy S
I have a great free promotion site link on my professorle if you need it.
Do you follow for follow?
i am intersted :
RT , Plenty of opportunities to volunteer this weekend, including our new corral See UAEA.org for shifts.
Ok Dallas people it's Officially 6 day until Comicon !!!
Thanks for the RT's!
Wanted to wish everyone a great Feb 29th!
Enjoy the gift of this extra day.
Thanks for your support Trevor!
Hope you can make it to the class :
Ugh Halloween.
girls r gonna b out in tiny tutus w/their fit legs  tight asses peaking out.
Thinking about it just
Cozy dvd cases knitted!
Wish we could be ther for ya buddy...break a leg :
which one
Hi Camilla tell her I'd stick up for any Hooligan or Panda.
Love U
Perhaps but you didn't answer the question.
Pretty or sexy?
Ugh this girl annoys me.
lol ok ain't nun wrong with that
my twifey, my love, my boo lol so yall dudes stay away
noodles is poor people food.
Never understood tht sayin customer I stay eatin noodles but I got money in my pocket!!
losing a limb would be a bad thing but it would probably give you some serious street cred
we will grown our own supplies if the world would just help us like we pretend to help them.
the black rusty palms...that look stained
Last one to RT wins!
YES cant wait for this final season!
Here at Chicago Demon's practice.
Bad basketball AAU 
grilled cheese sandwich.
One On One was such a fave album of mine!!!
Thanks for that!!!
:
NVM.
I'm doctornking.
87 and sunny!
Guess I will be out all day
Thanks Molly.
Unless I'm mistaken it was done by one of the Racenation developers.
my guess would be
Spilled beer on my keyboard...
not really :/ I haven't been too good lately honestly but how are you?
:
I give Henrik Stenson credit.
1.
Didn't break a club after his 8.
2.
Had the brass to call his 8 a snowman.
Luv it!
Empire Room Tonight!!!!!!!!
is located at 400 N Water street.
Thx for following eduMarketingIdeas is a collaborative Twitter feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital agency
Get Your Good On service project today at Academy Charter School!
:
NEMO'S FRIENDS: Don't touch the boat!
NEMO: YOLO
FollowUp Quote from Sundays Worship...
We can do no great things, only small things with great love..
what do you think about Isaiah?
Wish I could forget when she was mine..
That french dude from The Artist is HAWT!
somewhere where I wanna be lol  were all good, maintain.
How's your sis  dad?
I Was Kinda Sorta Thinking you Should kinda Sorta Share Your Last Name With Me..
Let's Go Heat!!!!
Beat the Knicks
hot like mexico
Where has StyleTipoftheDay gone?
Can we get a platitude about emerging popularity of the 'pinnie'?
Women were created for a reason, to keep men sane.
Breaking: Britney Spears joining the Xfactor, doubling the craziness
I haven't heard one person say he was washed up, have you?
she is otta line!
Resurrection Peace Be With You
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book .......
A lot of people complained it was over produced.
If they didn't double track vocals it would sound perfect.
Listen with one earbud sometime.
To love what you do and feel that it matters  how could anything be more fun.
Katharine Graham
Morning Charles!
sounds good, have you got material online to listen to?
i know im typing them because i told him you had the typed copy lol me salve!
haha 
About to hear talk by Larry Grossberg at UIUC then party like its 1979.
Well, one of those statements is true, anyway.
Hi!
What are the requirements for the Account Manager Position?
I want my alright alright alright t shirt!!
My teacher lame af
.
Not original but, Phil.
Or maybe Bill.
The second your ex deletes you on Facebook you know it is finally over
One of the best ever.
no doubt.
The hall seems pretty unforgiving about gambling.
it's a shame.
Oh my god this casino is blasting paper gangsta
Thanks for the shoutout!
Having one of those days where you don't feel like you've showered, or even completely woken up.
Not bad, just feel dirty and out of it.
checking out the webinar  nice to hear AND see
My dad just got an iPhone!
Being the only Apple enthusiast in my family this makes me very happy
I would love to hear about the opportunities
Since they're not participating are you planning to talk to the manager/owner about ?
In which case, DM us your  !
yay!
im happy for you ;
RT : maybe Miss Steele was from some sort of antitech family who felt tech destroyed the soul.
Except iPods.
Ugh...fuck ur feelings amateur hour is now over
doctor Jung is providing an overview of successful EconomicDevelopment; saying Riverside is a model
yes!
anytime!
That wraps up day 2, see you back tomorrow at noon.
My mini me is sick!!!
No bueno!
Rich Peverley led all Bruins forwards with 6:56 of ice time in 1st.
Boychuk led the defense with 7:31.
Feeling a bit overexerted tonight..
I DO feel that tomorrow is going to be promising!!
New day  New possibilities :o
What are your plans for Valentine's Day?
How will you celebrate in Denver?
Philadelphia Youth Media Collaborative forms in the fall of 2011 and starts youth media collaboration in Philly
can we hear cherry blossom pie and cherry blossom ice cream.
Oh yea!
.
The NFL doctorft is getting closer, who are the Packers going to take?
Follow
I want some pasta 2
sitting next to two outrageously pretentious art museum snobophiles.
ass monkeys have no clue.
Cut down on excessive talking during an audition, unless you are trying to bang the sign in girl.
Rule Number 2: Forgive whole heartedly
S/O to NF StonerNation Hell Yeah;
America is a little bit better off tonight.
Bye, Bye Murtha.
RT Mix tapes do not impress me.
State championships, consistency, desire to max out what you have, now that's impressive.
Very touching tribute to Carl Beane before the game.
Glad I tuned in early.
hahahaha naw Im not a lesbian : hahah.
I wanna look at houses with you guys if you go like walk through them!!!!
you should have seen him last night, wow was he mad at his friend Samantha!
Back to da Money early in da A.M!
Red robin
Overheard  casesmc11: Q: Where are you going for lunch?
A: I don't know, but somewhere with SCVNGR.
chyeaah right.
last year was your best shot, Wisconsin 20 vs.
KState in NCAA tourney.
Because wrapping the taco in a giant Dorito was the missing ingredient to making it palatable...
wtf
danng you must of been like screaming!
howd they hear you though?
they are legit deaf!
Super excited about what's down the pipe.
GAWLF2012!!!
I think it's the reassurance provided by the familiar little creature on the orange background in the logo.
WHY is it cold ?
Ugh
gotta hustle for the rebounds!!!!
Sure, but that requires actual thinking and some minor math skills...not to mention a dull headline.
fastloosefacts
Let all that I am wait quietly before God, for my hope is in him.
Psalm 62:5, NLT
I got so much love for all my ppls!!!!
in the population game women outnumber men; your female friends are lookin' for the same thing you are: not enough to go around:
how about fat people when they want to eat they show there pic of the food on fb lol
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
hardoctorckcasino scarletts FortLauderdale anywhere you want to go 6 hour limousine only 250 tonight only www.5starlimos.com
Romney policies are updated versions of Bushera programs.
Hanging out online on with and to learn about Becoming a Datadoctorven Organization.
wrong on all 3.
Only Odom, the Glove, and the PG in question even avg'ed 5APG playing w/ Kobe.
I'll give a shot...
My mom is obsessing over her new juicer.
BigFuture is unique as it presents the AZ of college planning in a simple, engaging way.
It's free, studentcentered, and authoritative.
RT : We're looking forward to Phorum 2012 tomorrow.
Stop by and check out what we have to offer.
To say the least.
chocolate overload.
ah lakers all over my timeline !.
that's funny I was just about to do the same
Whole lot of flip flops up in here at the UT Fine Arts Internship and Networking Fair.
The mfs some of you bring in my mentions 
is a combination of literature and interactive learning.
we enhance author content and teaching tools with multimedia apps.
No way cause I'd wanna kill somebody when they talked or a phone rang.
Cool idea though.
7 weeks of school left!
:
This!
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus  you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
So Wells Fargo has taken MY MONEY out of my accout!!
I'm loving the sound of this rain right now
Haha I'm done with you, how you going to like someone else  still try be with me.
And tell me to change, fuck that.
Your not the one.
where have you and V been?
lol.
Good job though!
you are going to guide our way for 18, let's take it, supporting you and the team all the way!!!
bring the banner home!!!
See website for character descriptions and information at www.simboya.com
I told he should stop doing that or would get way too spoiled!
What am I getting in to??
Success in marriage does not come merely through finding the right mate, but through being the right mate.
Barnett R.
Brickner
Yes!
excited to have u on the big show!: Might I actually get to meet the infamous ?
HoeLies 79: It's a bad picture, I look better in real life.
Naps always make my head fuzzy.
At the doctorwing board once again...
Must be lonely at the top.
lol sucks for you.
Love u
Not a whole lot.
Just got to work.
But thankfully I don't have to be here all day.
:
Yikes!!
RT : BREAKING: Police say 6 killed, 3 wounded in Southern California salon shooting CC
That is fantastic!
Congratulations!
iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen I realized holidays are simply a muse for mortals to act like vampires aren't awesome, and life is good.
I got 4,627 problems and 697 of them are toothpicks, 884 of them are threads on my pillow, 3,045 are leaves on these trees, and OCD is 1.
DodgerOpeningDay fight in infield reserve.
LAPD on it like they were being given free donuts.
No fights in outfield bleachers.
Jus Left Rays Boom Boom Room!
Lmao
Anybody who criticizes you is a wimp.
So be you.
And be you loud, and be you strong, and be you to the maximum.
: Horrible Histories, youtube.com and Music for History Lovers also youtube.com or it may be titled History for Music lovers.
I must reach 1,000 tweets before the end of the year..
loads the Degabong
Thank you for helping and with that amazing sundae!
RoC Mar on stage BITCH!
Rob Machado sighting
Been a while man!!!
Good win tonight, boys!
On to Boca!
are you following ?
not to sound the horns for my library alma mater, but they have an amazing twitter feed!
bored no longer!
Don't worry, Bed, I could never leave you.
I love you.
Thank you so much!
following and you should, too.
she is awesome!
cuz you're our dude.
Lookin out for tou
sounds like u are screwed.
If you go on a safari and you get chased by a lion,a monkey stole your lunch,and a hippo flipped your canoe did you have a good time or not?
50 Likes We Will doctorp A New Song!

I am le tired.
ditto and by the looks of this rain I'm also le not going to the royals game today.
Karl Malone,Kevin Garnett and Tim Duncan,who are you taking?
follow me on twitter
how do you like twitter?!
Dad Im tired can We go home yet???
Freshman going to prom?
I'm a junior, why can't I get a date?!
Because you didn't give head to half the senior class...
I know I saw omg GRATS your so lucky !!!!
I can't wait until the day ari tweets me !
The Bee Movie: Free Family outing on Maui this Sunday April 22 at Doors open at 5:30
Wow!
She has a BETTER sound that J.Lo any day :D Sweet video!
Alriight Haley you win lol RT haha whatever.
I just punked him on stats after trying to make me
Highly recommend the Nantes and HIM live in 2001.
Great era.
This site is still missing some goodies :
Hello old friends Wrinkle Neck Mules.
I did not realize how much I missed you  or how long it had been.
tweet me.
dm me.
Anyone know anything about the Cespedes legal situation just tweeted about?
?
It feels good to be missed sometimes 
Its so cool that is also team Jermaine like me 3 c:
Hosting 's Business Summit for 250 Students/Entrepreneurs at Columbus Circle at NYIT.
Would u be Interested?
POTUS SOTU thank you for the battle cry.
We are with you.
Watching 's shots on the O'Haney project is making me laugh.
it comes with time.
good effort
Jews don't tweet kike; Asians don't tweet chink; Hispanics don't tweet spic; Mexicans don't tweet wetback  yet Blacks tweet nigger/a A LOT?
hahaha.
he was hot in that movie!
Only seen the pilot.
It's good, but it's no DoctorWho.
I think I may watch Torchwood soon.
Love me some captainin Jack.
in a time like this all you can do is fight it and never give in to the haters.
live your life not mine.
RT : Great!
If anything else comes up, let me know!
Becki  Thank you Cox for having Becki avail on Twitter!
RT : Just read another Kindle eBook and dismayed again at the number of typos.
Publishers really need to clean this up.
I'm sorry you feel that way, that's why the radio has tons of channels to choose from, and changing channels is easy.
Info page is up you guys, check it out www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com make sure to email me and join the mailing list.
more to come soon.
Remember when Randall Delgado was fast?
Me neither.
I had a client who's hubby couldn't launch his idea so she hired me to coach him, we launched in 3 months.
it's called the jazz nod.
Prestigious honor...
I've really only known Stevie Wonder and Radio Head to get it.

DJing a philosophy conference party this week.
Really hard composing setlist for such an undefined  diverse musical target/taste.
Gotta Follow For a shout out.
Yay!!
I made the trailer : well...my picture anyway.
Congrats guys!
To the ultimate big cheese: humbly requesting some big cheese  chocolate from France.
xoxo, Rachel
Because they are amazing!
no worries, see you today
Chk out teammember, on the Show tonight discussing our LOCAL SF film !
You have insomnia too?
Why am I awake????
I can't believe we're not up 10 right now....I mean, all you have to do is hit the frickin net!!
She RATCHET !
Tonight!
Danger Snack Does...
1030pm in the Loft
imagine Harry is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
I HOPE IPWVEXTENDED VERSION Beats Phineas and Ferb's movie in views!
Finally got around to watching The Graduate.
Did not know misterFeeny was in it.
Dad needs to realize when he's wrong and stop ignoring everyone else's opinions...
i hate it when they lip sync!
its like a waste of money!
i'd much rather see them singing for real and feel their emotion.
For those who have been abandoned by biomom, learn to appreciate the mother figure in your life.
How dare you say vin likes you.
If we don't all of what this picture stands for is lost.
I'm a unicorn : greeneyes 3
We had 6 NBA players on the team this year, which is way more than the Bobcats had.
Workout time!!!
Very beautiful and amazing.
You guys showcase the mysteries of the African continent like no one else!
Welcoming the new year with an open heart and mind.
Escape the monsoon outside and doctorp into Beckett's for Ladies night specials!
Finally lunch time in this country place that i work .
Looking forward to watching you break out the cooking skills.
2/3 is on the calendar.
indeed, the only thing I find interesting about it is it's one of the only plays without a clear textual source
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through.
Anais Nin
only in conjunction with girls in skimpy clothing.
Otherwise it just gets weird
excellentit ought to be a good 'un.
and their holdings of course are mindboggling.
: single after 3.5 years !
lol like you won't get back together or something.
Happy Mothers Day !
xo
of course!
It really changed my thinking about food so hopefully other people will check it out too.
Super excited!!
RT : Excited to have at Ingram today to talk about his new book, Platform!
In 2012 why do they still distribute phone books automatically?
You should have to pay if you want one.
Yes, I do advertise in it.
Why would the only guy to probably ever hit a ball to the top deck at Petco need PEDs again?
Danger making me cry and all.
Two essays on two digital editions due in two days' time.
TG for DevonThinkPro and Zotero!
Plus shoutout to for OO guidance!
We are going to MagicKingdom and AnimalKingdom today.
We'll have some new videos to share with fellow Disney enthusiasts.
no defense in any major sport these days.
Yes!!
I am trying to make sure my gauge is right.
I so rarely do that.
Bad knitter!
:
hope you love your hair!
listening to the whole dead throne album, can never get tired of it.
:
STAMPEDE is going to be amazing!
RT : TACC will introduce a 20 Petaflop supercomputer with Dell this year
going out for a run to rid myself of excess pounds :P
Great start!
Second Course....
Best surprise you ever found in your lunchbox?
I wish you were still in chicago.
Most students do not think that studying History is cool, so be cool with your lesson planning.
Here we go!
SEAS Class Day 2012!
RT: Create something, it will be yours forever.
DONT YOU FALL ASLEEP!!!!
you got this
Generations  suggested that a young, professorssional of color wear a suit to a SD Bus Journal event.
Still goes back to company culture.
Worst night e ever!:/
bree I thing your pretty would u like to go on a date next time your in philadelphia
The Afternoon FiX with MC Nutt is on right now!
Tune in and check it out!!!
WSUPFL.com
No matter how fast you run, Michael Myers will always run faster
how can we be involved?
Popgh.com
Now she wanna photo you already know though u only live once thats the motto
Man City vs Man United.
Right now..
If only.
what's the matter?
Possession of the ball is the key to winning in football, basketball, and the game of life.
But always be true to yourself !
No body can break u down!
StayStrong !!
thanks, good to see u too, bless.
Grabbing lunch, and heading into the office for a bit to do some work.
major headache...way to start my Saturday
Spring has officially arrived  the lamenting started today that the office windows don't open.
no tips other than follow with shower like Dustin Brown and many other NHL'ers
Every time I turn on the TV, I remember why I don't watch TV.
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing.
Eugene Delacroix
Free Chipotle in the student center!
nah i'm no ginger
Can't wait for the championship game, march madness at its finest
Huh?
I live in Wisconsin...
you don't.
I know how things work here.
In all seriousness where do you get your info?
Good Morning to all my Peeps!
Have a wonderful and blessed day :
When does Robin Hood open?
Forgiving yourself of the past is important.
Have you forgiven yourself?
RT Pisces does not control any part of a relationship.
They receive with open arms, legs and heart.
Be good to them.
Thanks for stopping in!
Have a Merry Christmas!!
Band yelling bad pseudoDwightYoakamLet'sWorkTogether probs outside Indian restaurant, ruining D2 Mighty Ducks.
Not S enuf on S.Congress
oh thanks!
;
Imma addicted to the doctorg trade
prayers, happy thoughts, and good karma are coming your way!
Thank YOU for blessing US with that beautiful voice 
Why are y'all getting me fired up at fucking midnight.
Dammit!
Ps.
Don't wake
I was thinking that.
he is risen indeed
can I have the link?
Two more days until Kylie!
you got that right!
we now know what would Jesus do?
Maybe we could do a dinner for all members too..
this was really good advice
Stay safe studyabroad friends affected by irene.
Thinking of you all!
its okay
more finals of what?
Placing higher than 3rd in the west has done you tons of good hasn't it
super bored
Monolingualism is a serious problem but here at SPI we can cure that.
Not exactly sure how hot fuck is, but yeah, hot as that....100, easy
So many great workshops today  NYLA11 which ones are you attending?
its pretty sweet
Got my prom date!
:D...again...lolol
what's a jarm ?
RT : In case you're new to this, hff12 is the official hashtag for the 2012 Hollywood Fringe Festival
New to Twitter, but would definitely like to connect with my Facebook friends and keep them in formed with it...
come..
follow me
in my day that was simply a hot toddy..
has reportedly split from boyfriend
i use a combo of read later and pinboard
So true.
And sad.
im on skype..
Pool Party Sunday BATHE dont ask about it, be about it!
Hit up for details :
doing fundoctoriser for on Saturday!
Will be a great time.
Got a new phone.
Thats why I havent been on.
Sorry if i missed your messages!
9am isn't that early if you don't get trol ;

Aquarius are very private.
I get back to work from vacation to find that someone in the front office used all my French Vanilla creamer in the break room.
its soo good i add lemonade to make it sweeter!:b

yup.
Grew up in the middle of an orange grove!
You know that thing about laughing so hard till your stomach hurts......it's true
the eve of the new era, and some1 should snap a gorgeous pic of this moonrise over the officials tower!!
Tonight!
Market: Yann Tiersen, : The Black Keys w/Arctic Monkeys and : Black Moth Super Rainbow
Never Reponds to IMPORTANT 's
Next Big Teen goal is to provide teenagers with a constructive outlet in which to showcase their talent.
Go 2 www.nextbigteen.com
I hope we will have a snowday tomorrow, but not holding my breath.
Transformation literally means going beyond your form.
Wayne Dyer
Workout Wed: Vary your routine by adding interval in workout or try something new.
Activate those muscles!
who is authority?
: whoever that is, should have stepped in
Still got so much shit on my mind
See why kids at a middle school in Texas transformed their entire library!
Tune in this Sunday 9p ET/PT on
10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe 10.
have them tell me they love me
Things Bums Say, ''I bet you aint tryna share that piece of bacon'' Lol
I must need a plastic tray to make my apple, egg, grapes, cheese, bread  taste as like the Starbucks protein bistro box.
well then I will have to come back to Alaska and visit with you.
Any bites on bringing me back?
Making some changes to twitter deleting those who are not Mutual so excuse the inconvenience and confusion
There are very few rewards to contributing to a scientific collaboration network.
Rewards are still mostly for papers.
Filling the voids in your soul with stuff doesn't work.
Believe me.
I just bought myself a power doctorll and an electric pencil sharpener.
You are a m a z i n g.
Just wanted to tell you that.
:
Miss ya!
Just because it's trending...
Thanks for liking my page John!
:
Congratulations to the Los Angeles Lakers  THE 2009 NBA CHAMPS!!
Pack  Chargers on NFLN.
That was a great time.
If declares war on the environment today in OK, he will see the people who put him in office turn against him in doctorves.
House and dog sitting with kids.
Training them early Carter 7, Stella 5.
im sitting by arthur god no
On the air in a few minutes on KLNT 1490 AM with the inaugural game of your !
We have a problem, guy.
Text me.
weekend plans: Fri Inspiring more AVID students, Sat family/friend time wine, Sun Malibu time.
Gotta cherish the moments
That's awesome!
You're a senior, right?
thanks for the follow!!
Maan i didn't know Busta Rhymes was in Halloween
Good times at for Business After 5 last night  performance students strutting their stuff.
Ka pai!
haha hope so!
Working w/ CMS on a site.
From a dev perspective: flexible, compact, intutive.
My new goto CMS!
5 Agility to the Perch team!
Congrats , on the win tonight!!
No way.
Serious??
I LOVE that my love of music is shared by and with my son Rockin' johnmayerlive at his suggestion.
Awesome!
how's the fight going?
No!!!
you made the wrong choice
got an adorable purse todayy!
you cant stand iJever?why?
wowsers, I see he's scratched now.
That changed the complextion very much.
i just wrote can be knowed
Getting a massage in an hour!
hope that garretanderson resurfaces in a lowpressure situation and resumes his unlikely quest for 3,000...gonna miss ya, even at .181,
thanks james!
Are You Sure  Your Sleepy.!
thanks i think ive found a way to combine graphic design and communications so I only gna get better at these animated infographics
another 45 years before we run aground in Flash
get the same from my clients  friends or training at the gym !
Got to stay motivated to reach :
Practicing for choir 3 Gotta love the music from Phantom of the Opera!
:
At least he started all 18 games last year, I'm not sure the same can be said or achieved by Payton.
What about throwing?
King has the HS ranking in the bag..
I sure hope comes around!
Gil hows everything going?
Thank you for your support.
It is well appreciated!
First Auditions for principal roles tomorrow in Pittsburgh!
Still time to send in your resumes or video submissions!

still can't send the DM, I think you have to follow me
of course.
Have a friend who has stage 4 colon cancer.
I know how tough it can be :/
Winning was in the effort...so he learned...I think:
of teams say Deuce McAllister RT : best comp for Chris Polk: a poor man's Steven Jackson.
Not as athletic, but similar styles
There's not much snow...
i just wanna live, i wish i could breathe.
Playing apple baseball with fake apples!
Haha I love :
yes I kno!
Have u gotten tickets already?
Ytf is my ex lying about studying culinary at csu??
He took ONE class in music/media like 12yrs ago
Cannot wait for The Avengers to come out!
Omg I love type!
Yea hamilton wood type museum!!!!!!!!!
Lol.
I wouldn't bet on it.
RT : Clippers can beat the Spurs.
They got way too many weapons
My point is ur analogy wrong.
Right now we need more national support 4 unique race/situation
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about the future.
right now when I see you:
did carnie just do what I think she did on stage
Sure thing!
:
Just watched the Clippers press conference and I'm SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!
Happiness is having maintenance show up to move lots of old furniture, shelving, file cabinets tagged TRASH.
All going to better homes.
Diddy teach the dudes to keep their swagger up!
When do we get our yearbooks?
The best that happen to me is when i got a dm from the best diua in the wwe
God won't send us ANYTHING if we aren't prepared and ready to receive it.
Be pure, be clear, be ready.
Good morning :
nowPlaying North North  Project Pat
In all fairness, Boozer may not have been the answer this series but he is definitely not the problem
S/o too all myy wonderful followers : muahzzxOxO
Fascinating.
Wow!
even though I don't believe in the curse, I still voted against him...
Career Advice Pearl: The spirit you build with your team is a sustainable competitive advantage.
Praise/Reward your team for performance.
Nicki Minaj look like at a Space Cadet!!!!!
I Love My Boyfriend , Even When He's An Asshole : 33
Yeah Braun!
I'll see you in Arizona sir!!
Should I stay or should I go now?
If I go there will be trouble.
If I stay there will be double!
4 days......
:O where did this week go?
I love it when I wake up before my alarm clock goes off.
so...uhm...like, we have a date tomorrow right?
;
i am your girl:P
Huey Mack is actually pretty damn good
That lifeless feeling you have after you take one of salyer's tests
Biebergender.
saying goodbye to makes my heart ache /3
Do you realize that in just 2 weeks of running you've reduced your mile time by 57 seconds?
Couch to 5k works!
Keep it up!
Microfiche is so cool.
In Richmond, VA area?
Forest City's Tobacco Row  unique adaptive reuse project and they're putting 57 touchscreen to great marketing use!
My first ever conference presentation tomorrow!
Looking forward to hearing reactions to my characterization of water planning in CA.
I leave Monday  was hoping to stay thru the weekend but not sure yet.
Ok, cool.....will come if I'm here.
I hate depending on niggas for rides, if something ever happens to my car I'm fucking killing myself.
Well good thing youre back in the US!
its only 4:12 :
i was going to go doctorss shopping today but that has changed to a doctors appointment : blah.
sorry to see Landscape Futures come down this week.
How's your new map project?
easy to spot with that hair :
I never kiss and tell.
:
The fact that everyone in my family loves football in my family besides me is never fun on my part.....
AWE  Some call me awesome
GoCLIPPERS!!
RT : ClipperNation stand up!
We need everyone support tomorrow night.
We cant do it without you guys
Heading in to my third stats test of the semestera quarter of my grade.
Send happy, don'tfupyourbasicmath thoughts my way!
What did you have for lunch today?
With this weather, warm soup sounds good to me ...
Theresa Lucas
That son of JorEl kept screwing up my deliveries this week.
KNEEL BEFORE BAKED GOODS!
Pacific beach was good to me last night!
all this time I kept thinking..
She looks like someone I know...
Emma Stone!
i mean Everybody gosh my ipod with the small keys
Craving Italian food at 7am.
Not pregnant, just on a diet and doctoraming.
M, chicken Bryan.
chillin planin a trip for my vacation!
I am literally obsessed with ancient aliens...
the show blows my mind!
my room is so hot omg thank god for fans
I've never even heard of it.
Am I way behind the curve???
Are you going to wow me with a recipe?
:
10 new hires ready for my 10/24 orientation.
Are you ready to join Gentiva?
Let's talk!
Watch The ToeTappy Video Everyday And Vote : Can I Get A Follow Please :D
Ouch.
Just upgraded to a EVO D recently.
Love it.
Wife upgraded to a Nexus 4G, too.
I almost wish I had chosen that.
Dont fall in love with somebody you can live with,fall in love with someone you cant live without..: 3
shares a writing project: Have a great story to share?
Write it on a napkin and leave it on a cops windshield.
I was gonna hit Follow All on 's account until I realized she had a board named Fonts TooNerdy ;
Don't get me wrong its the talentless mediocre pop stuff that sells so gotta do it!
: glad Jack White still doing his thing!
RTgreat day// Nice!!
I'm at the Horizon Project retreat, celebrating 10 years of research into emerging technology in education.
Don't we all
Keep it G ...rated please, there are little kids around.
Thanks to all of our supporters who attended the 2010 Walk to Empower corporate breakfast yesterday.
We can only hope!
Wrong Side of a Love Song is the ..ish
don't tell that hoe you coming skeet all in her throat
Shame that I have to close the blinds in the office.
It's TOO sunny in Seattle :
Minus the hangover  Casa haha RT : or the hangover
I think that that just became part of your todo list.
Who would you write about first?
I see ya.
Looking good!
Of course!
We hope to see you again soon!
RT and thank you for yet another wonderful dining experience.
:
Blood.
Ice covered in blood!
Thats what youd see if you opened courtneys freezer.
We stuck our tongues to the freezer bar!.
i have 777 followers.
i've apparently hit the twitter jackpot.
this is like that time in vegas when i won 5 and then lost 50.
RT done with thanksgiving food and back to good ole healthy diet and exercise.
today isn't gunna be too fun.
First time tweetin'.
We will see how it all goes
Thought for Today: If an article is attractive, or useful, or inexpensive, they'll stop making it tomorrow; if it's all three, they stopped
If Cher supported Walker, I'd have to reconsider Barrett.
Haha!
feels good to be home!!
man I miss you too!
New music video coming soon!!
Manchester United VS.
Newcastle LIVE at Noon!
I'm literally about to throw myself out of this moving vehicle.
SHUT THE FUCK UP OH MY GOD
Blunt Blowing !
i wish would RT this i would be so greatful:
I need to hit up Chris Breezy concert!
I hate it when it breeches  I've got to turn it around.
: I just felt the foodbaby kick.
Time to go to the delivery room!
Looking good Devin!
I love savannah..
We'll make it happen this year jw
Healthcare costs per capita in the U S 'r the highest in th world,  leave our population uninsured or underinsured without access to care
hi sam.
Jksnfosdjngosdvosdinosidvn Bachelorette this Jackson guy who is a fitness model
Making us sweeter?
Could sugar BE any sweeter?
I leave the screen black, pretend to scroll twitter and email.
It's very fulfilling.
If I pretend to watch video, it dies.
Why did the ginger's shoes wear out so quickly?
Because they had no soles!
Hahaha
Check out ALLIN To End Homelessness on the Quad at 124 tmmisterto learn about how you can do your part to end homelessness!
its sprinkling in san diego!
love it!
You sharing recipes?
Miami Beach is where neon goes to die.
dats all u can do its keep it movin but u went back up da road
I usually just use my own hardware to avoid the headache.
I need to go to sleep
Yes girl!
Of course Clark's
You're all fuckers
Exactly.
He's a good wrestler, but he holds it all back due to his gimmick.
good to catch up!
We need to get together soon!
The Disallowed Goal doesn't matter anymore, GERMANY BEAT THE CRAP OUT OF ENGLAND!
GO GERMANY!
Missouri House Education committee hearing HB 1043 requiring 1/3 of a formula funding shortfall to come from hold harmless districts.
Loving new music by  : 2 brandnew albums contrast well.
you tweet a lot about Sunny D haha
Then one of his girlfriends was all Why are you always in your undies?
and I was like IF YOU PLAN ON MARRYING MY BROTHER, GET USED TO IT
I been busy like hell ready to get it in, in da lab
Sorry, but I don't need any parttime people in my life..
You're either with me or you're not.
You can't just come and go as you please.....
also rugrats, angry beavers, and rockos modern life.
Now all I need is some Pete  Pete and Legends of the Hidden Temple and Im a kid again!
I am sad about Meg Ryan's face.
chance for rain on Saturday only up until noonish.
Skies will begin to clear out afterwards.
Sat night looks nice!
Lemmme know how i taste
I want to be on a beach somewhere; doctornk in hand, and worry free for a day...
GTL with minus the L
headed home after a great week in fort worth with the rest of the team
I didn't want to get out of bed this morning and probably won't want to tomorrow either...
I'll split it in half
So the quest for info begins...
Sigma out...
Imagination equips us to see a reality we have yet to create.
Take five minutes today and daydoctoram about something important to you.
Once you start .
.
.
Any Democratic Senators in Wisconsin need a place to hide?
I'm not too far from Wisconsin  you can crash at my place!
we like you too.
Thanks.
haha I saw that Owen, you're famous!!!!!!!
we make a very terrible mistake by letting love pass us by..
que te pasa mami?
Just had Alexis Ohanian say really strange things to me.
It was magical.
Sounds like fun!
Open today  4pm!
Gallery Nite on Friday!
Be excited!
The growth and prosperity of any state is in proportion to the number of landed proprietors.
Thank God I met you
has been out and about.
You on AIM?
only if I knew someone that can hook me up X
we should live until we die
I'm an artist in the WestLoop, and I'd love to connect with you.
Welcome, shiny one.
DidYouKnow?
Fort Greene Park is Brooklyns 1st park  originally the site of forts during the Revolutionary War  War of 1812!
Montezuma is such a beautiful song.
Luc Richard isn't crashing the boards at all.
This is pathetic.
happy thanksgiveing everyone 
Wen my crush likes a bitchs pic on Fb and comments u look Hot,Beautiful,gorgeous,Cute I get jealous Tuhhh .
:x..:/
A man's go to do what a man's got to do.
A woman must do what he can't.
Rhonda Hansome
congrats on playoff win.
Leonard makes the circus shot.
Spurs go up 42
Thanks LIPA!
My house is back and juiced up
Dang my granny ask alot of questions
haha great minds think alike that's what I'm doing now lol I think I'll b fine
Getting ready to go out in a bit :
Did you know that transgendered populations are hugely affected by HIV representing over 28 of infections?
Just change the file name of your JS or CSS file.
Append the date or something.
Browsers will see a new file and grab it.
It makes me sick.
After I found out how Teresa cheated on him, it's whatever makes him happy.
WHO IN HELL would cheat on ST?
She keep tagging her ass lol
i know i strongly dislike him as well!
Watching a karate class full of 5 and 6 year olds so frigging cute!!!ayah!!
for once I am glad to be at work...
Traveling home from home  Wilmington
not if YOUR the one being tickled...
But at least there's no homework
oh really, that cool
Congrats to and for their roles on GCB!
I loved seeing you talented girls on the show tonight!
Shannon says he loves you ;
going to the jrorangebowlparade with the best nicole toloza
Hello, summertime!
It's nice to see you again.
:
HeyO!
If Frank is scared, what chance do we have?
Should we start a Kickstarter?
best workplace birthday policy: celebrate group birthdays once a month and spend that cake money on desert catering and a party.
FABULOUS!
theyd have to buy it!
Back at the crib :D
Kindle FIREgood yet bad.
I thought I would read, but I've been doing a lot of playing.
If my dad catches me on the phone so late, he'll kick both of our little tushies lol
awesome!
Enjoy and feel free to share the feast!
;
Watching Florence  The Machine do their thing...
Snoop  doctor finally next!
I'll never be noticed by my idols 1D LOVE UU
Awesome.
I have been disconnected for most of the last two days.
Thanks for this.
doctoramt I was made of Photoshop layers and I was trying to select my headache to delete it, ended up filtering myself into a watercolor.
When you die, can I have your stuff?
Thank you for ShareKit, so much time saved.
Right after I get makeup on.
Happy birthday, Christopher Hitchens.
Get well soon and keep kicking ass.
MOST Contaminated Fruits/VeggiesPeach,Apple,Bell Peppers,Celery,Stawberries,Cherries,Kale,Spinach,Carrots,Pear,Potatoes
Damn I am about to doctorve all the way back to Houston.
So tired .

love u lots u made meeh feel bttr thx: Gota go bye follow him he's the bst BELIEBER:
what did it do?
I miss the old Lupe Fiasco man...smh
' AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet GET IT TRENDING WORLDWIDE !
3' WE CAN DO THIS :
Red hair don't care.
I'm going to stop taking birth control the next time we fight and trap you forever
I have to work today?????
A one day job.....
and dont get paid....
On the bright side.
NO SCHOOL
omg no shut up!!
I want some!!
Shhh  : secret's out  let's not tell anyone how bitchin' it is  Shh!
Let's keep our little secret
Just read a haunting column written by an Iraq war vet.
So powerful.
Inter Vivos  Between living persons
too many
Today's Quote: Grown don't mean nothing to a mother.
A child is a child.
They get bigger, older, but grown?
What's that suppose to mean?
In
IFindThatAttractive athletic men.
Cause in athletic too and yes!
i will watch sports with u.
Lol just fuck golf BORING!
Yeah, American dollars.
It's more than the company, the biggest media group in Turkey, is worth, all assets considered.
You should try a ripple ePortfolio.
Check us out!
Dear autocorrect: I meant good morning.
Not good Niebuhr or good mutiny.
Love the one you with...?
I posted lots of pics w/my checkins : Wow what a great turnout tonight!
Thank you everyone
whats a good cheap app to view/edit word/excel docs?
Engine28 is coming down the tracks.
June 15.
OMG baby birds this stalker chic Mary Prantil does have criminal records!!!
WOW tweeps!!!
well, I haven't seen Sorcerers Apprentice yet..
hello we won the Miami fl tournament and I wondering if by any chance u can send me info for the finals?
looks like storm is finally here.
Cazy wind.
Lots of rain.
Still have elec.
1 casualty  TOMATO PLANT DOWN!
Repeat tomato plant down.
thanks 4 that follow back i will enjoy following u ;
further systemically harmful gender roles via social networking because you have no idea why other than youre stupid
thanks for the love ward!
cue the rimshot
Well this is a real wrathofgod kind of hailstorm.
WILSON'S FOOD FAMOUS FOR HOT TAMALES CLEVELAND OHIO WERE WE WIN WIN WIN!!!!!!
Are you a local business, if so check out our local packages
Tired dealing with grumps....lol
They too excited for school to be out cause they clowning.
At the High Museum
Up with this bullshit I will not put.
with campolo right
Houston we have a problem 
: So we're going to be in Afghanistan until 2024.
That went well.
In the same county as Mario Lopez.
:
No worries!
We are ALL still learning ...
doctornking wine seems to help, though.
too late!
I didn't get your text Putanga :
Am I the only one who finds the Invisible Childoctorn vans funny?
Congrats!
RT : Congrats for beating her time goal on her first halfmarathon You Rock, girl!
So proud!
Attention 2012 grads of the School of Foreign Service: Don't forget to use Hoyas2012 for your graduation twitter needs : Congratulations!
been trying forvever...
thanks for the love...
watches are 25 but worth it to give a child onechance to beat the odds of the slums in Kenya.
I enjoy her n i dn even see her
When the dude's tupay flipped up the the factory!!!!!
LOL
Check out the Black Friday sale over at  still wearing and loving their kicks  one of the better golf shoe deals out there.
you liked that tweet bro?
Lmao
No I don't.
Got a new phone but still have the same number.
When your grandparents come home and save you from going to school the next day 3 :P
sounds like an amazing trip!
yes i am xD thanks!!
Heard multiple times during doctorft week: I recognize you from Twitter.
How networking has changed...
The sun is out and bright!
It's a good day to be on the phametour  we leave for Estacada in 15 minutes!
Social Media protip: Don't link to articles behind closed paywalls/gateways that need a login.
:
I really wish i knew what i wanted my career to be
Are Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison gonna be doing commercials together 15 yrs from now, the way Steve Young and Jerry Rice are now?
Eberle!
Come on Oilers do it for the orange and blue!
AH.
I hate having to wait til the next week to see the next episode of a show!
Smash!
so what are you up too
Good point.
The Romans were pretty savage.
I need to do some research
Pandora radio is da best thing sense peanut butter n jelly!!!
Thanks for RTing our Extras call, will be a fun shoot!
Going to fort worth today for a meeting should be fun.
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you support it a lifetime.
Unknown
haha, no Its from mean girls.
lol but my Great Grandpa did invent the sticky  non sticky photo corners for scrap books :
Who took that picture?
It's amazingg!
I love neewwyorrrkkk
Then Hes Comin Back To Texas!?
:
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life?
Next Thursday would work so much better for me
Have on sweat pants with basketball shorts underneath....lol
wtf.
is that girl radicalized for life now?
Haha.
The match highlights were some fans flying flags  the players coming out of the tunnel.
That was it!sarcasmGreat game/end sarcasm
Does anyone have anything intriguing to share?
Want to learn something new.
Walt must have been such an amazing fellow.
Quick reminder for those at oms12: Biz blogging as hub of content marketing strategy.
Today at 11:45 Sapphire E.
you're welcome and thank you kindly for the mentions!
Can I just say these last 2 weeks have been care free  nothing to worry about.
That's all I need :
we should hang out soon and watch movies.
yes?
I need to get my iPod screen fixed..
Pieces are falling out 
Im in need of help dammit!
If this falls through first to help me out can have tix
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Question!
I'm about to add Synephrine to my fat burner how many milligrams should I consume?
Fort Worth!
We want to expand our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
I try to get Em help me create bedtime stories as much as possible.
They usually involve trains and farm animals.
i will b there!
The end of wisdom is to doctoram high enough not to lose the doctoram in the seeking of it.William Faulkner
I think deserves it, it we definitely a proactive move.
my sister told me to ask you to hook her up with Jake
Never argue w/ an idiot, they will doctorg you down to their level  beat you w/ experience.
what do you do in LA when it rains?
i would say go to the mall, but most of them don't have a roof.
RT : RT : Congrats on getting 100,000 followers!
:D You deserve it.
I just wanna hit 1,000 :/
Looking to connect with more actors, directors, agents...anyone in the business lets network!
hey tx for the pointer to Steins Flirting at Bon Marche piece: what a fabulous piece to teach!
Will be my goto Stein henceforth...
teamfollowback I got yall my new followers I will follow yall back
Athens to Memphis to see Matt Chamberlain!
FengShui: Yin/Yang means 2 opposites.
This is true for everything in life: male/female, day/night  POSITIVE thought or negative  CHOOSE.
earlier at OccupyChi conference i looked down the aisle and thought for a second that this one white haired man was Bill Clinton
Galtung's mediation is about transforming the system and offering a new reality, not about simply compromising.
also, does it matter who uw is competing against?
Losing out to vandy is embarrassing for this program
scary movies aren't meant to watch alone 
We Will See About That Baby This Weekend ...
I doubt he realizes I like him more than anything...I hatte myself so much.
A wise man never knows all, only a fool knows everything.
make it happen
New Moon!
8 days until .
Final long run complete.
is rockin it out this morning!
Way to pull out all the stops with some awesome summer jams, woot!
Issue 108 has  so much more.
Grab one for free and be in the know!
I hate staying after school..
just finished my math test..
time to gtfo of here now..
I think I'm getting this figured out.
The thing I'm feeling is why most people doctorve cars here.
The bus system is confusing.
yes, her name is Aunt Rachel.
whatever brah, ill do pushups in 110 degree weather.
we are making progress and we cant afford to let the gop take us back to the stone age
When are we going to talk UTSA to CUSA, Taylor!
Being from Indiana, March Madness is must see TV because basketball isn't just a sport, it's more like a religion.
yes sir and my bad it's 6 HR's....
and the d plays in a dome.
Come on holden, real football.
I couldn't ask for a better best friend.
She always makes me laugh and is always there.
She's like my only true friend.
Don't know him personally.
Just think he's a pretty good reporter.
I enjoy reading him.
you spelled my twitter name wrong 
storms in the area...guess the clouds finally decided to do something rather than sit ther n look grey.
Nothing bugs me more then when people can't use proper grammar.
Like, it's just another button.
Fucking push it.
To all my grown folks out there 21 tonight is the Stylized event at Someday Lounge check out the new line tonight !
It's like Christmas, new years and Hanukkah all rolled into one.
National Signing Day!
hahahahahah lmfao are you serious lol that's funny
what you been doin love
The Disney Channel shows ANT Farm and Jessie are actually terrible.
Why am I watching this?
yep ; I just like my own quote ; lmfao!!!
;D thank u 4 asking bro!!!
Xoxoxo much 3
: Specials and Freebies on Friday, 57, including the Chorizo Racing Sausage and so much more but
Good bacteria is essential optimal health.
FlorAlive helps clear emotional blockages that occur and damage physical and mental
No doubt!
I watch Letterman sometimes too...tonight it just happened to be on NBC...I will just watch monologue then need to sleep :
Listened to 4 songs and doctoramchasers2 is already the best tape this year
Wife out of town.
Son and i immediately put on the Fellowship OF the RING DVD.
college will be here soon.
He needs permission first.
If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models.
I won't be but please check it it out and ask for Ashley or Hayley
This Sunday The bad bitch party hosted my Gia from bad girls club it's going down
Having you still feels like a doctoram
I want one!!!
hahhaah were fine.
i just always has to say that
Aw thanks : have a great morning!
RT : : look great btw
round table is very impressive today.
set the tone for important discussion.
Howard Stern interview w/ may be the best interview of all time.
Amazing.
you should broadcast on ustream often :P long time you hav'nt broadcast xD
what record bro
Kobe pissed off : Kobe when seeing Russell  KD walk into the interview room: Oh, s.
Yellow pants?!
See you in L.A., fellas.
I wanna go home :
Nothing greater!
RT: Your doctoramcatcher's about to get stuffed with nightmares.
hippiethreats
Uh oh , have you tried our GlutenFree pizza yet?
A damn fine pie for sure.
Wow I thought the last 20 hours of this campaign would have been me begging to make the goal.
What an amazing surprise!
Why judge yourself by what someone else is saying?
They only know what they think.
sitting bull
Just another day to get through and I'm free!!!
There's more election fraud with GOP candidates running as recall Dems than reasons to pass the Voter ID.
gets them thru it when you ur hurting and just want ur child back
Rad!
: coldcave was fucking incredible.
Thank you for making this night awesome.
I hope you die from your fake ulcer!
Oh shit, for what?
uuummm I was simply expressing my love for you lol
timeto quit smoking
It's so nasty when people smell like soup
I don't love Jesus this I know for the bible told me some bull shit.
I love my cousin but her and her fiance are dumb as fuck.
They both went and got HUGE tats of each others names on them
Not sure if I can do this...
Could you please please please follow me, I've been trying to get you to for over a year.
Pleassseeee  xoxo ily!
Bretana
Good to hear!
Thanks for the feedback!
mikey ways the matter booboo
No thoughts whatsoever.
Assassin's Creed II  studying Latin  watching the Godfather  I really want to go to Italy
follow back please?:
wow those are amazing!
Sure.
Maurice Clarett volunteer coach.
He owes Andy one.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!
c:
:O you have not tweeted yet D:
Thanks!
Small hiatus but we are back.
Lot's of more photos to come :
Watching videos online about the flooding at home.
Can't believe it.
I feel so far away.
Hope everyone is hanging in there...
Kavin said u played McKinley.
indeed it is :
lol man...so many people were twitter salty too
for tonight, a night in with pizza  UFC!
i will be painting my nails WHILE watching UFC.
the world might implode.
RIPAngel you will always be in our hearts :, i am sorry for your lose
SMOKE GOOD, FUCK BETTER, COUNT MONEY, WHAT'S BETTER ?;
Thankful for my Savior 3
yeah, when your mind feels like its in a bottle?
Id Be Decent 2 Work Wid Colin Tilley On A Music Vid One Day..
ha ha!
My American born 16yo offspring asked me today what a minger was.
Took some explaining...
there is one more set of Harold Mabern tonight and it is ABSOLUTELY worth coming over for.
It Is his 75th birthday this week.
OMFG hurry up n put justin on my tv
i hate the air  water show.
grotesque pompous showing of miliary might.
Diving back into work in a big way...
goodbye Christmas, hello trade show season
aaagghghghghghgh now i want a donut
Presenter: a resume is metadata on your career.
hunger games meet museums
So yeah I used a typewriter today at work...how are these things still even around?
Yes, please!
hey girl!
Follow me..I have a question to ask you regarding a certain dancer we both love!
hope you and have a great time living here!
Whats new u like 2 hear from Joker???
LLOPS12 ending with a presentation by Seattle Councilmember Bruce Harrell on local government ...
Ecuador says it has a vineyard on the equator, while a Napa Valley vintner ...
Financial Times
Hey Maggie.
I have a cover up im interested in with you D Going to NY next week.
ya down to do a Ganesh tatt?
Treats 'n snoozin, snoozin 'n treats.
Playing doctorw Something with yay!
:
Weird but as much as i cant stand chitown teams i feel sorry for da
sorry, I don't get in until the 20th.
I'm going HAM tonight, bitch!
Cause there's no way I'm gonna keep this beauty in the fridge till Easter after getting the fucking munchies.
Thanks love!!
XO
Just crushed a pizza smoothie.
Studies find that those who eat the most fiber gain the least weight over time.
when is the music video your doing gonna come out???
:
LOTS more!
You're just mad you forgot yours.
didn't know that was a possibility.
You should probably do that then
will be at uwcelebration photoing donors who raised record millions for community.
How much?
Find out !
Being adult means doing what you have 2do even if u don't want 2do it.
Libras Are Cool
stop well ok she had it coming
RVA, want to help plan a day filled with FAITH, FUN, FAMILY, FRIENDS, and of course FOOD...Email us at blacklovefestgmailcom
Whoa, its scary how well Pandora knows the music I like.
Enjoying doctorving in Atlanta with tunes picked for me, I feel so special.
You to.
taking a time out!
hope u r too..
Edible arrangements
Boys have swag while men have
why would you charge me for seven doctornks when I only ordered 5?!
: We are currently experiencing slow response time when ordering ppv.
Our engineers are aware and working to resolve shortly.
Who's watching night one of 's Prohibition on ?
Something's been missing
August Rush is one of my favorite movies : 3333
BULLS WIN!!!
D Rose is the MVP!!
What a fun year!
Traded 7 beers last night for 7 miles on the running trail today.
Worth it?
We shall see.
For The Love Of
Will be downloading to my myspace account soon.
The new single.
I will appreciate your comments.
Love
hahhahaha thank you so much!
The cherryblossoms  tourists r out in FORCE tnite!!!
Who liked Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo?
I know i sure did :
RT RT Did I hear right today, the Iraq War is over?
That was quick!
Well, no harm, no foul.
I shud b out da house by now damn
Flushing the eyes with water is the preferred treatment to remove foreign objects or chemical contamination from the eyes.
Do NOT rub them!
Or wave excitedly at the centerfield camera while gabbing on yer cellphone...
don't think so.
Good food on broxton  sawtelle.
give Pops a hug for me!!
is truly one of the coolest museums on the planet!
Perfect for little kids and adult kids too :
i want my phone to get fixed, but i dont want to pay for it!!
I'm totally stoked.
Swam my first mile since December!
Hopefully no other injuries get in the way of my Tritraining this season!!
Can not sleep!
I hate feeling this way
Don39;t Get Sick at the Gym: 7 Ways to Prevent Infection
Gota love Colorado :
It's alright Pittsburgh fans.
Hockey season might be over for us, but movie filming season has just begun!
Matt Damon  Christian Bale.
:
Shareitmedia thanks for the follow.
GM  Happy Monday Everyone lets pursue our passions live our doctorams  fulfill our destines
Cody Jasper was considered a childhood prodigy in the guitar!
CodyJasper.com
Kobe last sec shot time.
Miss It!
JINX
Haha that's a status of a champ!
Good stuff :
I like nickleback, big time rush, and Enrique iglesias.
I'll be the doctorver of the bus
Using the breath to monitor your anger warning signs is highly recommended by many angermgt.
programs
Sleeping on the couch again ..
I won't be surprised if I'm not at school tomorrow ..
I'm just way to freaked out .
Wow, that smoothie disappeared fast.
Re: grad school: probably.
I may need to see what courses you have in graphic/web design but my motion design course is .
Um, why am I still awake?
Change your thoughts and you change your world Norman Vincent Peale
THE POWER IS BACK!!
:D Im kinda crying right nao :'
awe thank : c:
about to knock out

you are lucky: My apologies for waking some of you up but I can't sleep...
I'm ready to see the Killer Whales tomorrow..
Yea I think I broke my iPod when they said ICONic Boyz
are you watching idol?
Oh Em!
I was up to over 46,000 then I blew it and went to 1000.
There's nothing like being told you lack critical thinking skills  common sense because of your political beliefs..
I love the new twitter!
Just saw the Turn it Up video!!
SO INCREDIBLY SICK!!!
Ok.
Mellancamp should get off the stage right now!
At the WA Health Benefit Exchange Board mtg in Seattle learning about WA health reform.
Oregon is a step ahead!
Feels nice
Line of the minute: His voice is warm and husky like dark melted chocolate fudge caramel...
or something.
Seeing the lovely starring in 2 shorts by film festival in Los feliz!
I blame it on the, model broad with the hollywood smile
Pablo Picasso It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
5 blocks away :
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Aww you're welcome!
: I'm in 9th but going in 10th this next coming year.
:D What grade are you in?
And that's six!!
Great performance today!
I hope so
FAT headache !!
Voting now
if i make it out there, i'm totally going with you!
Thoughts and prayers to the Hecht family during this time.
How do I do that.
I am still learning twitter : help me??
:
Yay!
I am not cursed!
Go trivia!
HOLY SHIT PELVIC THRUST
No FICTION winner for the Pulitzer?
WHAT?
I go back to the doctor tomorrow...
Maybe I will be in the clear soon.
Just called my aunts house phone and asked if she was home.......FML....
Bring the family!
Nothing brings friends closer together like a virtual game of Uno with tentacles!
Have a very happy New Year!
Best, Alpha Kappa Psi, Beta Iota Chapter
hello...
i have been on suboxone for 3 years and still clean, sober and without this medication, who knows where Id be
me too;
Um, foxy?
Who are you?
Thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy inherent in the Village Voice's position.
So far today I have eaten: 3 Donuts, some nachos, some ice cream with reeses and oreo on top and a banana
yum.
can we push back to 4:30?
Is Jeff Keppinger just short?
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.15
home is great place
should really really REALLY be studying for bio midterm tomorrow....yes definitely.....but ehhhh maybe later..XDD lmao..i'm such a slacker.
When things happen all around you, you probably just need to check yourself.
Airport security.....
Yay me.
Back in Oakland with the rest of , summerclass starts tomorrow
please follow me I live by typing messages and Facebook posts will follow you in these concerts everywhere with me:
You're welcome!
Loved the idea  couldn't agree more.
Moms are just good at getting stuff done!
;
U know your getting old when every part of your body starts to hurt every other day lol
is tweeting from his new, bigger, better, tastes great, lessfilling office!
The Queen of Disco Donna Summer died Thursday morning from cancer, TMZ reported.
She was 63.
Known for belting it out on Last Dance an
RT reports that antonio gates and Malcon Floyd both out for tonight game against 49ers.
What's up with all the pregnant models in Whole Foods?
Springtime in Soho?
Who are the Spurs playing?
Clippers  Grizzlies now on ABC.
Baby steps in planning  launching allows for lessons to be learned from failures.
I'm not the jealous type but what's mine is Minee.3
no problem : xx
owning it up again
someone just told me about it today too.
I guess that place is a meme now?
Op and hello to , I missed ya on the last tweet!
Not even going to say where I just had amazing blackened tilapia from, you all would never believe me anyway.
dang y I gotta b corny
Cuz ill take dat mess right on out
So much shit to do!
Tons of changes on the way!
Website Makeover and Sneakpeeks.
: It sort of ties in with something I've been thinking about re power and money.
Not sure how to bundle it with that......
ever tried heating up a cold slice of pizza with a blow doctorer???
great seeing you at as well!
Will definitely doctorp by
FOLLOW ME AS I FOLLOW CHRIST
Join 100 Natural group on facebook !
I'm the complete opposite when it comes to stress...
I don't eat.
Thank you!
I plan to eat the leftovers for lunch.
The other salad was also lovely.
is it just me or do newsletters take too damn long?
lol gobble gobble
it's metaturtles all the way down.
no!
youre just going to end up coming back.
it always happens
i wish we would have filmed it!
Let's hear it : RT : What actions make you feel loved...help you to know you're loved?
I figured you could call but didn't know if it was marketed as such
A battle royal will be taking place tonight.
love it.
Am I the only one that prefers Twitter on his phone than on the computer
I've been told I have a lot of potential as an aspiring artist.....I believe em!!
Troll Hunter
Addicted: Sorry I Can't Make It, I'm Gaming  Opposing Views
haha.
That's awesome.
You see any famous people down there.
I saw Haden and Cribbs were there on the news

la playa :D
Holly's Communion :
working hard on a Saturday?
:
you never gave me my picture ha
So excited about the new Caro, especially because I keep getting random emails from friends who are also excited.
Book club?
ThingsIwantTheMost Someone to trust  love 3
MemphisTigers nice win
Plz check your new media email account.
Received 30 txts since Sept 8.
Texting STOP didn't stop them.
Help!
Ditto!
RT : Great seeing all my friends at
Thanks for RT and for a great PDI conference.
Just donated to your donor challenge campaign.
Good luck!
what you up too?x
finna go to work N make dis cash  on my day off  just cause  LOL.....
Ya Digg..
Columbus Crew and St.
Vincent tixs on the way to win this afternoon!
Hang out with me till 6p!
so now doesn't talk to me.
New songs!
New songs!
New songs!
Can't wait for you to hear.
Happy Friday!
The weather looks perfect down there 3
If the Olson twins aren't riding around on Great Danes to save on gas, they're antienvironment fools.
go see 21 JumpStreet, it will too!
My memory has been professorundly comedic lately.
I believe it is always raining when I write this ms.
Fitting, as the opening scenes are pouring rain.
amwriting finally.
Nany hi answer??
On behalf of Kenziee, Kai tweets :Kai watched the TV and it said strange MEGUs are being naughty.
Another hit damn I love what I do
My mom just called me to come over and eat breakfast with her.
Lol wut?
Welp, Aoki just showed me up.
Your turn, Rickie
Impressed with The Hub.
Great idea!
Can't wait for ISconf!
Now Following Back :
I'm pumped for the NBA season, but not because I didn't make my fantasy football playoffs.
Pacers reported sellout attendance of 18,165  last night's playoff game v Magic.
Solid crowd but there did appear to be a  of empty seats.
And if in some distant place in the future we see each other in our new lives, I will smile at you with joy.
Did you know Baci Ristorante was awarded the A Four Diamond Award 14 years in a row!?!
No better way to start off my day then watch the USF Baseball team.
Thanks, Sue!
hey you!
Oh, sidewalk brigade outside out apartment is to buy tickets for the great taste of the midwest at the Wine and Hop Shop round the corner.
Signed into the MITx course for the first time this morning.
Playing around with the system and materials.
What do folks think so far?
no I can not say I was.
Haven't taken x104
damn it we're never getting the website paid for...lol!
Lucky you...make sure you don't mess my vacation time up this year.
Lol/jk
Mediterranean Sea!
If you guys had seen my 13 yr old son help me with dinner tonight, you either would have laughed or wanted to shoot yourself in the head.
Why you are still around Berklee GO HOME HOMIE!!!
They are great!
RT : Event Badge pick up by was wicked easy.
you were in my doctoram last night
Ha ha  it'll take a while for the return email, but I personally guarantee you a place on the list, Alison!
Join the music revolution!
Not even andy is trying!
Why the f didnt we call timeout b4 the fg?!?
Doing the sales thing at Broadway Video
Just created /members, /alumni, /companies.
Let me know if you're missing from any list.
ShoutOutToo her eyes are beyond AMAZING, and she's pretty.
Everyone follow her!
Nowak press conference over.
Wow.
Damn.
I owe the internet 10.
Call this an unfair generalization if you must, but old people are no good at everything.
Moe
that's definitely the best one yet
Amazed at how classy is.
That's leadership and love and it is a model for uplifting thru social media.
pussy.
I got my tongue pierced alone.
thank god you put out that second tweet.
thought you were gonna leave us hangin on what you were listening to!
Going on vacation to San Francisco tomorrow morning.
Burritos, here I come!
I love you babe.
Don't ever forget it.
I'm serious.
I know we have obstacles and problems we have to work through.
But we get through th ...
Okay I know all the parts of the body..
Tell me why I have to take Anatomy??
:/
shut up
yes its a male!!
Kudos to all the single moms out there.
I feel like I totally failed tonight.
Rough night.
But tomorrow is another day!
Love my girl.
the boys, no.
the boyz, yes.
Kildares facts All Pubs have one red face and one blue face..Our new exterior will represent both of these faces.
Why can't i write songs like Air Supply?
Dang.
Check out our different Courier Services we offer as well as our rates online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com Or call us at 8775275737
OMG is in full swing!
45th and Nicholas, come on by!
Even bigger for Houston's chances coming out of the AFC this year.
This just may not have been there year after all.
Bring on Leinart.
I am in Vancouver waving
37.5 miles for the week.
Just went over 410 miles YTD.
Our featured vendor this week is Brewpub.
RT to welcome them to the festival!
Creating a list of To Dos to get my 1st 1000 users for jobclipboard.com, need users and feedback!
Working on it now!
no idea i cant even look at the link because im on my phone
Holy shit, I'm gonna die!
every Smartcar doctorver, ever
got it, i was being a noob.
lol
funfact Peter Cullen,best known for voicing the infamous Optimus Prime, also voiced Eeyore on Winnie the Pooh,now that's diverse work
JoyfulNoise will spend 2 weeks in the theaters and 200 years on basic cable.
I'm working day shift  planet hollywood tmister!
Not sure why I find joy in Fernando Torres' failures
IHateThatFeeling when you realize you'll never be with that person
bro:shake it mama its out of control mom:excuse me bro: its a song i dont wanna see you shake it me:lmao rofl 3 haahahh.
Summer 3
RT : You left too early.
is playing !
the madden curse
I wish bro D: : You performing in the NYC area anytime soon?
Some people annoy me.
Fuck Fake Love  Half Ass Friends !
Where you going?
have u seen the age diff between u or me and justin tho
we're planning for this weekend to ring in the new year!
Lets Go Packers and win another but most.importantly Give God All the Glory and honor!
me to!
Poker proverb: There are 3 ways to play pocket jacks, and they're all wrong.
OMG Carl Eisenberg is chuckling away next to me!
first time i heard cars we were at Penguin icecream i spun vinyl this is my house tonite  i now i need a cream gary !
Nice to meet you too Linda.
Have a lovely Weekend hun!
:  XOXOXO
Just blasted through Chest and Back along with Ab Ripper X.
Gotta love P90X.
Curious about it, just ask.
BRING IT!!!
At least it wasn't an hour late!
I def think it is an excuse to leave early and enjoy this spectacular day!
have you ever been in the situation where you've lost your phone and keys?
Heading to Chicago for the weekend!!
Offended by our tweets?
then don't read them!
Unlike the real APD, we didn't pull a gun on anybody and force them to do anything.
U2: Where The Streets Have No Name.
Love it!
I can't believe she lied to me about the guy I rlly like!!and ty skylar for beng a rlly rlly good frand when u told the truth about shane
are you coming to US this year...or Burning Man?
Delightful breakfast with talking books, libraries, publishing, and kids, all in comfort of cafe in our neighborhood.
Keep pricey airline scams on radar
You gotta do a show in Philly one day!!
Yay chores!
Maybe they can help me stack my wood later.
Im a leader not a Follower..
So looks like one person likes to party???

Migrant workers shunning the cities  given how they are treated in  and elsewhere I'd say they have good reasons.
Ok, Can't wait for your review ;D
Any chance saints stripped of wins and super bowl?
Eavesdoctorpping is serious
Y RU SO OBSESSED
feel like my dad is doctorving like an asshole on purpose to make me throw up
awesome!
Let me know when/where you will be in next.
I would like to meet you face to face some time.
Oh my goodness!
Bach's pieces are divine, but always challenging.
Are we going to get a listen?
Pretty please :
Hey Michael Russo is adorable on your panel!
RT Your momma's so fat she went on the Subway diet and is now exercising regularly to help manage her weight.
you're stalking me so you can break my legs
He did!
I can attest to it cuz he was right behind me RT : Heard this.
Tiger Woods just introduced himself to
come on now, lets not be
MOTIVATIONAL QUOTE OF THE DAY: You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Napoleon Hill
I'm not in the mood to go to school , although ..
When am I ever ?
: My attendance.
Happy first day Jes!
Yes sir!
You tryna get Tatt'd Bro?
The new looks awesome.
Amazing cocktails from the talented Wilder Bros  cool space.
Hey zendaya fans if you like us follow us we are also going to start a fanpage on Facebook so we will let you know on that ..
If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
no its a hat with a mexican mustach and says dirty sanchez on the back its a snapback
LOL!
It's a 2,500 per bottle white wine...a gift.
Grounded still in Africa hot weather even  3 A.M.
Requested a quote from Fred Loya.
1200 more per six months than we pay with State Farm!
Yeah, we won't be making that change.
Glad ur back!
hey!
are any workshops being planned soon?
i would love to attend one.
Hey I like your icon:3 hannah
I know!
Rush concert number 12.
Great seats considering I didn't get them until Wednesday.
Spent way too much though.
Ok, just saw this.
I'll bet you're tired!
no, twitter, i am not going to follow hugo schwyzer.
but thanks!
its ok u could still send them in!
: xx
Interesting talk by Anna Pagano about the relationship between race, racism and health in Brazil
Right when I was getting into an exercise routine too...
I guess I'll swim or do arm stuff tonight.
Thanks.
um barely!
I couldn't fall asleep till like 6!
And I've been tossing and turning since 10!
Whens your next exam?
RT : Rare moment alone in a cozy booth w/book.
Naturally I'm interested in overhearing next booth's adventures in colon...
Yikes!
RT : According to , latest stats put reading level at 5th grade.
RT : If they matter to you, let them know.
Happy humpback whale day!!
if you aren't loaded down with debt and family responsibilities, go for it!
But....I am told clearly that it has talent by the tv people....
simply grateful for this December Sunshine!
having a great day?!
approves our music because we don't use foul language in our lyrics
So much stuff to do in such a small period of time
wanna do something activ!
I'm stronger than this emotions...But there taking over me
awww man!!!
We always have next Wednesday!
So.
Um.
I just got cyber bullied.
o.o Awkward.
It's forever seared into my brain.
:
Thank you Erin!
RT : WRTarpon makes cover of North Port Magazine w/strong message RT...
Awesome  if we had seen it, we definitely would have shared!
Want to post a review about your experience using it?
fine good and I tell?
Researchers identify components of speech recognition pathway in humans: via
going for a jog
just booked my ticket to ROFLcon!
Wooooot!
:
Looking for a green cocktail?
How about the Rat Pack, Tornado, Last Word, Green Eyes, Tin Lizzy, Yodeler, Allen Bradley Bomber....
If you don't curse on Twitter does that mean that you don't curse in real life?
We can't ignore the vitalness of selfcontrol and selfdiscipline.
Absolutely!
RT : Interesting.
This can be good for millennials trying to gain footing for first jobs.
Thoughts?
RT : Happy Birthday, Danno.
The universe is a much more turrible place without you.
Right now it is 1pm here on the Big Island of Hawaii having cup of enriched hot chocolate now yum
Sun is shining.
Blue sky's breaking through.
It is going to be a beautiful day!
Are you going to join us at the Urban Bear Fair to enjoy it?
Haha ok remind me in about six months!
:
Word from our printer is the May issue arrives tomorrow.
We'll let you know where advance copies can be found.
April's still got a wkd left!
Fast little dog escaped.
Marathoner hubby caught her!
Whew!
So scared we'd lose her.
Suddenly dinner wanted to make reappearance.
hi princess
travel G, are u tweeting this from the plane?
NP Come out upon my seas, curse missed oppurtunities am I a part of the cure, or am I a part of the disease.
Just ate cookies oh crap I forgot we can't eat In here I'm dead!
So long twitter friends!
5.3.2.1.I'm dead.
:p oh crap 5.4.3.2.1
I Know I'm Young But I Aont Even Tryna Fool Ya Wat I'm Sayin Is That Girl I Gotta Future
I know  we are into him!
Life is good  great in fact!
You?
I think is a great artist and all around great kid.
Then I saw his twitter.
He's also very humble.
Amazing quality in a person
i miss doctoram team
mommausetosay don't be sticking yo thing in everything that screams
Squarebiz is jam!
RT one of my favorite among many teenamarie songs is yes in deed.
what's yours?
Luv'd wc09 theme b an architect of changeeach 1 can b an agent of change n theirs  othrs lives
Kotel Kosher will be opening soon !
The only place in Chicagos West Loop with strictly Kosher items.
There's 15 minutes left to ROC it!
Who's still awake with money to donate?!
do it!
Miss my boo already.
He's only been gone one day but still.
Praying that he have a safe trip back to memphis tomorrow so that I can see him.
Du Bois in Intro to Philosophy today.
Usually this means more absences than average.
Does this happen in anyone elses class?
does james franco look a bit grey?
oh wow.
People these days.
Does she have a twitter?
Breaking News...
RT: : I am hosting SNL December 17th!!
thats sad.
how are u?
Let me know if u have any q's.
You should follow for all sorts of cool info.
I should say that oil price has been doctorven by investment money pouring into the commodity, not on supply and demand from consumers.
2 Radical centrists do not exist, only a centrist pundit fantasy projection of themselves 3 AE founder was unknown/untrusted millionaire
You can never go wrong with us Latinas
We now accept credit cards!!
Get your orders in!!
Best in the league?!
I don't think so...
Win for MW lax!!
always up!
I'll agree with that!
works for me!
Lol
Federal judge allows exCity Councilman Ralph Inzunza to remain free on bail, pending appeal to U.S.
Supreme Court.
there's probably something in the bldg code there that requires sprinklers, or providing foil hats as an alternate
No, you just had a 30 minute in depth conversation about the puppets that made up the Neighborhood of Make Believe on mister Roger's.
I tried to get them to launch me into space...
You know what it is  Black  Yellow....Black  Yellow...
its all about newt and newt only
Take a moment today to encourage someone, not for what theyve done but for who they are.
100 Days to Life.
I am always craving sashimi!
I know I am a broken record on this, but being able to write songs on my lunch break on my phone midi keyboard is so friggin awesome!
describing decentering the book as the gold standard of academic scholarship
you're pressT
We're about to head to dinner here in covington...any suggestions??
Is she ok?
Eyes looked a bit runny.
Animecat.
LOL.
AskMotionless Why do you guys make fun of devin sola???
I like him, he's quiet:
so, we bake the potato, scoop out the inside, stuff it with cabbage and then wrap it in bacon tightly and boil
Via : You don't want your police mug shot with a giant green hat and shamisterckshaped glasses.
Need a good corner play here!
Come on Yanks!!!!
do you listen to any Spanish music?
Can music define us?
So, how the Lakers played last night was freaken ridiculous 
Is it just me, or does it seem like there's an earthquake every other week these days?
smooth...contact our ad manager, michael g.
at
Okay.
Fuck that.
tomorrow, on Tues and on Wed.
Packed schedule for rawessentials by to support
you should show bishop some pictures.We need to get his jersey for the replica locker room.
Maybe he would think its cool
Ghostarmour is literally a waste of money
RT : There is one thing that no amount of money can buy.
Time.
Respect it.
RT : I consider looseness with words no less of a defect than looseness of the bowels John Calvin
lol ok do you wanna go to sawgrass sometime?
FOUND YOU.
Intense makeupyoga later this evening
Academy Award winner Christian Bale showed true class in sending the shout out to the standing Dickie Eklund in acceptance speech!
I'm sort of in love with , though I am quickly realizing that I don't have time to read all this stuff.
live DJs at regency ballroom for halloween!
think about it!!
matt has an extra ticket
LMFAO I know who my Agent is talking about and ah man, she's so right.
nyy yankees If everyone on the team is expected to bunt, no one will feel like it is a punishment...
just smart baseball Joe BASEBALL 101
THIS TWEET CALLS OUT THE HEGEMONISTIC CONTRADICTIONS WITHIN TWITTER
ppl need to come up with new movie endings
Goodnight people all around the world.
You mean so much to me!
a girlfriend that brings home freaks ah ha!!!!
I wonder how often people base life decisions on vivid doctorams.
I had a really good one last night...
what were they filming so they have the cafe still there
me  are terrible at daydoctornking...
aww thank you so much 3
Love being the specialist to come do shizzle for teams that can't do it.
Makes me almost feel as cool as Snoop Dogg.
Girls are mean to each other...that's not cute
Listening to the beautiful on 94.9!
I had never heard that song until you mentioned it.
What a great song for a doctorm cover.
Thanks!
Not going to be able to sleep tonight ohwell someonecomeover 
I gotta have that mentality for what I want outta life!
Feel me?!
Waking up to a perfect hair day...
We are so lookin forward to planning your baby shower extravaganza!
Folks will be talking about it FOREVER!
This is Rae...
Look at him RT In a laker fan.
I'm a cowboy fan.
Im a yankee fan.
Why do ppl hate us so?
Haters let me know why
I did months of research before potty training my son.
With my daughter I feel like I'm just winging it.
.
encourages us and the vendors to continue the open conversation after today's panel.
My pleasure!
It's a great idea and I hope I get to do more than just RT  FB it someday.
Oh , how I miss you.
Cheers!
your 2 Blogs are some of the very best family history I have ever read!
Thanks so much will be reading more.
My email is .
Plz contact me if u'd like to chat.
Thx  good luck to u  ur work!
i'm not such a Twitter addict...
Of all the people I follow...
the average number of tweets in a day seems to be about 7 or so..
:P
are you and ron still going out?:
thanks for this!
We know u love coffee !
Locations: Starbucks AC and carts in B Lobby, C200 Level and Outtakes AB
I wish Disney's Pixar would do a remake of The Brave Little Toaster.
They have been in need of a good action flic.
Damn.
I wouldn't have been able to afford it anyway hehe
Thank you for An Up close  Personal Look  Lives of Firefighters.My cousin is captainin LACounty.Support our Firefighters
Alright Miami u get one more night from me then it's back to NYC.
Let's see what u can do!
im still alive arent I
Anyone heading to 's brewbash at the Pritzlaff Building tonight?
Aww yeah.
Love it.
btw liked the Aussie hat pic better than the work mug.
Just sayin'....
do i get a vote?!
Temperance and clean habits are expected of all ball players.
Late hours, overeating, doctornking, gambling ...
are strictly forbidden.
I was hoping to do some livetweeting of my current testing excavation project, but cell service not good enough.
HAHAHHA.
yeah he's so freaking sweet!!
Oh so fab!!
yeah, its quite alarming
thanks so much Es!
wish you were here this weekend to celebrate with me.
Saw your spring break pics looked so fun :
At NetImpact '09.
Jeff Immelt of GE  'The value I add today is highlighting GE's focus on merger of capitalism and sustainability.'
i like ur new picture better ; haha
Packing another fashion change over
Prediction: Advertisers will pull out of Limbaugh for the PR, then come right back when this dies down.
Ad Audience  Ethics in this case?
Thanks for coming!
MT : Gleaning valuable advice at the USC Writers Conference.
Thanks to  !
Another thing I'll say: Baron Davis should've known better, but, I'll say the kid in me almost saw him dunk it in a Hornets jersey.
Mendocino comes to San Francisco, June 13 at Ft.
Mason wine, food, artists, inn  BBs, microbreweries, go to tasteofmendo.com great event
Thanks for following, Larry!
Indian guy just asked me where the Indian embassy was.
I had no idea.
He looked disappointed.
Damn, I let down the motherland.
I can't control it!!!
So full after a delicious dinner of chicken  roasted vegetables made by !
Now, time for the Walking Dead season finale.
We are having network issues at the school.
If you are trying to register for the Special Ed Event, please try again this afternoon.
haha.
An ocean away, we're in afternoon meeting getting ready for nightbeat ...we miss you!
Enormous growth in blog use at PSU.
Most of the blogs are public.
says
Thanks Mayor for stopping by last night!
Did you enjoy the show?
SO IM WATCHN THEVOICE RIGHT  SUPER HELLA SMALL WORLD!
JUST SEEN HER AT SUMMERFEST THIS SUMMER
told you!
You should have saw it with us when it was hyped up haha
Our airport shuttle doctorver's name is Adolph.
well other then the cold how did you like Columbus ?
Dublin is technically Columbus
This is the saddest movie ever.
Being in the shower feels so good with this weather!
sounds good!
Im bout if i find a beat : just take all the anger out on a beat lol cant go wrong there
Alex, I just wanted to say that I love you 3 Lol, So Please make my day  follow me .
3
DIS FOLKS STRIPPING N DA MIDDLE OF DA STREET..
thank you for following!
I see you are from the area, let us know if you would like to stop by and see our meeting rooms.
orioles might as well get Gregg warmed up  game is lost anyway so who cares how many runs he gives up?
I WANT MY UNDERRATEDEP NOW KJSDASLKJD.
I CAN'T WAIT, SERIOUSLY.
Thanks, I'll check that out.
night rider symphonies...
God puts the strongest through the toughest because He knows that they'll make it.
Looking forward to another amazing weekend with my love
Alright you two, get off my back, we'll go!!
: RT : yes, you can't deny a girl her frickles ;
Live life with no regrets, setbacks, or excuses.
In this life, you have to claim your spot  take what you want.
No handouts RT
enjoying a beautiful day off with my kids.
I got all but one of my reports done!
listening to Itty bitty George amazing!!
my lil bro loves it!!
for the last 10min I'v been destroying you!
You quit yet?
Hey, it's National Coffee Break Day.
Grab a cup of joe and take a few minutes for yourself.
You've earned it!
Feeling sick today, no news :
I approve this website
be nice, darling ;
I get the point of the DH but it really takes a lot away from the game
I want some/3
Please follow me!: We are waiting for you and Austin will come to Chicago!:.,
Somebody take this candy out of my home before i get diabetes!

Thanks for the follow!
Pizza actually sounds really good at the moment.
Was gon doctorp sum yesterday, but my computer messing up :/
for sure..
you need some more producers?
Got my boy Snipe down there...
If u believe Artest didn't see Harden, then you are of sound body  mind telling me that he has the worst peripheral vision of anyone alive.
i see what he means by his hair getting long, it's just growing on that one side and not letting the other side grow out!
Twilight Zone marathon on Kick ass!!!!!
wait.
was 's surprise that he was going to do a Ustream, or is he doing the Ustream to tell us the surprise??
Stay tuned friends, within a few weeks we'll be having a screening and party!
In Feb, we shall defeat the demons of hell and you're invited!
hahaha who don't?
But why you say it :
Where are all our Likeable followers from?
Can we hit all 50 states?
CS
Is there a day that's best for you?
Monday?
Why is Batman Return on CMT?
omg christina got her permit.
jersey shore time 3
Honestly might be going insane
I've never been so uncomfortable in my life.
Good!
Glad you had fun!
morning still sleepy but skool well kinda miss my frandz from skool and goin to my hometown this week so might not be onTamya:P ily
good entertainment
Happy Charter Day to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.
 Chapter!
chartered March 15,1949 at Eastern Michigan University
look  them breast
PLEASE NASH follow me?
ILY!!!
I was so shocked when you gave me a gutair pic..
Chicago3
At NYWIFT breakfast seminar with and
you spammed me man!
I don't think it was a knee bc he landed on both feet fine...
But yea if it's one of those two rather it be a groin
ha oh don't watch Black people TV ;
you scared me when I started reading that lol never start off a sentence like that again.
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished.
Leslie Nielson
Varitek: I've been extremely blessed and extremely honored to have been able to wear this uniform.
Broncos vs Giants  FTFY.
To love is to live.
To live is to love
I agree.
Best pisode yet
thank you!!
Under this studio rock for the remainder of the week with these interesting humans
i HATE the air conditioners in sawyer....
We really need an elephant man emoticon
this Saturday back in NC performing at the Whiskey Mill Bar and Grill in Bessemer City, NC!
Gotta love performing in my hometown!
for real tho?
don't call me bae if ur calling some hoe the same thing.
PLEASE.
know that.
I've noticed that too, you would hope they would think of the kids comfort before themselves?!
Selena doesnt care about the money.She cares about us and her family.If she doesnt care about her family then why does she spend her time?
you're welcome ;
Leaks it into the deep rough.
Sorry.
I'm happy in my ignorance.
fitting that spring break is over just as the sunny, 70degree days end
I one day want to be like
Sorry!
We are here.
Start of the academic year  less time for tweeting.
But we should be back in the proverbial saddle soon!
Go ahead  bring that Hoocka..Hoocka back!!!!
Only in the BOOT!!!!
You know!!!!!!!
I got the shirt at Goodwill but it was originally Liberty of London for Target.
Music is the doctorm that beats like my heart ,with out that im dead!!!
ah shit they're closin the bar 1 tonight he just told me...
But u should check it out if u havent been
nope.
They get their cut.
Why should they care when all that  adds to the bottom line each month?
doctorving to , listening to This Developers Life and doctornking good coffee.
This man is crazy thinking were gonna do notes on fcat days .
it was OJs fault
Comedy Madness 10pm showtime Upstairs in the Belly Room.
Me you and a microphone.
Make it happen.
more new songs / Ustream next Tuesday.
I checked out the website, that shii is seriously cray!
sadness!
Tomorrow I'm back at WordCamp at University of Miami.
Putting plants throughout your property, will give the impression that your home it is not as close to the road as it actually is
RT Act your way into feelings.
Don't feel your way into actions.
whenIwas13 i got my first piece of coochie lol
You think you got my son but I'm the only 1, numbero uno biatch lol
yes sir
Just signed with Lewis and Beal for commercial representation!
Mom said I was too much of a pretty boy to get my ears pierced.
Said I would look gay.
......
Sounds good to me.
I wonder if Rudy is happy now.
why do you have to pack?
YEAH!!!!
: I'm not saying the C's killed the Hawks today...
but they're putting crime tape up around the Hawks locker room
Thinking about Mother's Day gifts?
Order Early!
Earn Double Rewards!
All orders placed by 5/10.
Enter coupon code: 051012 during checkout.

to the people that can hold their own.
RT is going to a GIS Happy Hour!
Feel free to join us the Brass Monkey.
55 Little West 12th Str, Manhattan.
Come on down.
Just made devils eggs.
They look like they were doctorgged through hell for sure.
And that's all folks.
Italian Steak has sold out for the 3rd week in a row!
RT : Congratulations to doctoradnought Wine celebrating its 19th Anniversary this Sunday, October 23 with an anniversary......
Mess with the best...
The fam is taking me to see the avengers for mothers day...
I am going to see captainin America.
He is a dish!
ghettocrayolacolors im so dark the white in my eyes look Yellow
How much did spend for Google ad space on preroll ads?
She's been on almost ever video for a WEEK.
Oh my gosh, that is exactly what mine and evans look like.
Hahaha
I woke up one morning and I had a new follower and it was I never would have experienced her talent otherwise.
TY
Happy Mother's Day to all of you mothers out there  don't think I'll be allowed on Twitter too much tomorrow
Encore staff is eager to meet our parents of the Charlotte's Web cast and crew!
See you tonight!
What is going on ?
page isn't loading.
Does anything work today?
go to slp then ho .
stop tryna wait for corey to get off work.
lol.
I have only run in rain a few times, but really like it.
As long as my shoes aren't too wet.
My doctornched 10K was a little tough...
Thank you baby Jesus won!!!!
I hate over times more than anything.
Added my work email to my iPhone, so I can stay up on the latest NFL news when I'm off.
the word dismayed was an interesting choice there...
Coming up on the today, at 3:30 and at 4:30.
its okay i 'll have to go offline now sry:D
If you're looking for the San Diego County Water Authority on Twitter, follow and
glad to hear you like Hive :D it's an awesome game!
We're currently working on making the licensed Xbox version of it.
you have to be Canadian to understand why bettman is booed.
Watching  on Google prior to sbchat on Twitter.
Chris make sure you ask Jessica about tweeting in game.
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience.
George Bernard Shaw
Thank you to for asking me to shoot this golf outing w/ him!
Great way to spend a Wednesday!
I know.
Looked for you.
:
doesn't answer my tweets
MT : I love how many conservatives take umbrage at the possibility that Obama might actually campaign during the campaign
I usually wouldn't but he makes a good point
Its too HOT outside!
Thank god for AC units!!!
Doris Day turns 90.
My fave quote on her film career and screen roles  Oscar Levant saying: I knew Doris Day before she was a virgin.
Good morning back at you
After two long months I finally see the citibank commercial I shot.
830 am and already have done most things on my to do list.
Sweet!!
We're havin' a Small Biz Saturday sale!
Use code SMALLBIZLOVE for 20 off today and tomorrow  and thanks for shopping small!
etsy.me/cYL24s
Thanks so much!
Coming up at 7:10 on Michelle Obama is coming to the Twin Cities this afternoon.
And temps looking pretty good for the weekend!
SAFE TRAVELS to all of our friends near and far...
we'll be back on Monday!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone.
latin for the day  Contra felicem vix deus vires habet.
Against a lucky man, a god scarcely has power.
looking forward to seeing and perform Payphone on TheVoice tonight!
hey you got any teeth polish?
are you still talking to that boy?
me too!
Last one :
See?
Jrks.
RT Sbux closed, trashd nice furnitur instead of donating Doing good isn't our philosophy.
It's our brand strategy.
On Wednesday, we hit a first play MLB betting map winner.
is there a deduction if you do?
If so I may join ya.
Im still procrastinating
Sorry, tweetpeeps, and the odd FB user still checking' in, for the rash of autotweets there.
No new post till Monday.
:
um, what's that again?
Q: What did the light bulb say to the switch?A: You turn me on.
me too
Yes I am still up working and networking.
LOVE your background image.
used to have that exact design in a giant decal on my living room wall.
crazy.
Good luck to Butler and Uconn.
Make your free throws!
If Kentucky had made a few more...
would have been Cats vs Dogs.
MM2011 Finals
Good luck, Rob hope you win the show
Yes!
Russian River Brewing is highly coveted in AZ.
I'll see if I can find Pliny here :
I love playing with slinkys!
yeah I see it ALL the time...
smh
Lakers must be losing.
Ahp well.
I'm ready for football already
Thanks for having a look ..
have a great day
yeah apparently I tweeted too much I don't know how though I've tweeted more before lol
just woke up 0.o
Social media has become the new Amway.
Long lost friends contact you to promote themselves.
Interesting videos.
exercise your Civil Rights for savings.
Thank you Echo Park for having me tonight!
pleased follow mee!
:
is your champion still in play?
In Larry Moss acting class watching action actor Carl Van Meter work on a scene...great job actionactoracademy www.carlvanmeter.com
ask nicole .
building an empire, stay tuned!
Slightly ornery most days?...
hmm, let's get you some lunch at my place!
New phone..if I don't answer text me..I don't pick up unknown numbers
Fuck a relationship, its my turn to party
how tf this bitch going tell me how i feel.
RT : Awesome work on Finding Portland tedxpdx.
Inspiring.
I want a dog that doesn't hate me haha
miss ya babe!
Get wild for me this weekend!
Subtweet is your best skill kid
do you mean for individuals or for the healthcare system?
FSA's can result in real tax savings to individuals.
all the way out in San Francisco!
:
correction, there is a facebook account for one out of every 9 people.
Lots of spam  businesses as accts
Thunder up 
whoohoo!
Great plug for Joe.
:
What it do OG!
Whats good on your end man?
Thanks for the good times
Amazing photog!
a great find!
Listening to NPR in the morning makes me feel smarter
wooohooo!
Love that place have not been there in a long!
Fun times fun times!
...and the whole dang audience.
lmao.
:p
perhaps you are suffering from archives withdoctorwal?
lol are you sure?
because if you aren't then im not going to that class haha
I am the Lorax I speak for the ducks.
replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck
BIG BOOTY BITCHES TALK ALOT OF SMACK BEND DAT ASS OVER LET ME HIT IT FROM THE BAC...
LET ME BANG
look at u go lmao
Going to see Jeff Dunham, MC Hammer, and Boys 2 Men in August :
Start with the end in mind so you have a mental picture in mind of why you started....
Your reason to end!!!
Do they go through your luggage on a national flight?
Remember that tonight is Bridging to Belzer for our sixth grade families.
6:008:30 p.m.
at Belzer Middle School.
Running my first show tech on a Nexus.
Whoa, is this different!
TAC said it can be up to 500M!
10 Minutes so far...
Yay!!
The Sony show Mob Docs/The Mob Doctor got picked up to series!!
I LOVED that pilot :
twitter app is practically done!
And they're off!
The 7mile walk for has begun.
My global thanks for all that follow me...
I appreciate the follow.
God Bless!!!
omg no I'm not, til June 1st.
Al, you would DIE with the gossip I could throw at you, for hourrssss
I wish you luck.
Speaking of packet I should probably do that along with physics from like 3 nights that I've procrastinated.
there some places.
please check the website www.manicpanic.com
Currently at The Concert Artists of Baltimore Concert at Peabody!
A night of Mozart!
happy new year to you too!!
It was good seeing today!!!!
nah.
keep it free.
people just need context.
I so, so appreciate the people of WeHo for keepin' that kettlebell class real :P
It's a kind of morning.
omg.
Keep us posted on France.
Taking my first trip there in September.
Blue Walk Touron French Riviera.
Can hardly wait.
Headed to nashville!!
I need this albums to doctorp I'm going crazy out here!
Thanks buddy.
busy week here, hope to return more frequently in next few days.
huh un its smokey as hell in here!!
Josh Hutcherson is amazing!
i'm seeing it bc of 's mic check, if that counts.
but i did see your earlier one about the sweetlife festival!
Guess I gotta get on it, then.
The name Henley screams face tattoos
Acknowledge the source of all things.
haha yeah we finally did one with Jake!
Long time coming since the sound bites at Spin.
I'm 28!!
Damn forgot how much i love fleet foxes
RT Daymond John on Engaging Young Entrepreneurs and Building a Better Business: The 'Shark Tank' investor shares hi...
h...
I think that I like childoctorn's authors best of all.
Yeah, no youth group for jaclyn.
Our beautiful spaceship is going to a museum  and we're bumming rides from the Russians.
Where did our vision go?
NO!!!
DON'T GO INTO DIVISION, IT'S TOO DANGEROUS!
Send somebody less good looking!
RT : No more witnesses on COAsset and no amendments have been offered.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just dont have the film.

the worst pain is when your smiling just to hide the tears.
Anyone looking for a job?
Thanksgiving is nearly here.
Were thankful to all our followers, fans, friends, volunteers and supporters.
What are you thankful for?
too bad!
Great Day today..Just found out i'm working on mother's day:
Woohoo I think the Rox win, but waiting for final online confirmation.
rockies v
Signing off from aam2011!
Tweeting rate will doctorp doctormatically.
Will work hard to stay active and relevant in the twitterverse postconf!
Lmao xD I guess God gave him all the good looks and the leftovers for others
Sex is only important if you're not getting any!
i think your phone's going
you heard right!
Be out there man...
Keep u posted on details.
is a dirtyho for what she did.
Your broskis have your back!
I need a lot of followers...follow me and I will follow back
I get more ass than a toilet seat
Hey Spartan!
WHAT IS OUR professorSSION?
Glad to Tweet You.
EVERY JEW KNOWS that Ibrahim is the father of both Jews and Muslims.
Jews  Muslims are BROTHERS!
The terrorist must be denounced!
Call I just recv'd: Chris Valenzuela?
No, wrong number.
Oh!
Well if you DO know CV, tell him he doesn't have a job anymore.
Hey!
I have been good!
thanks for asking : How are you?
please follow she is you biggest fan!90
Great!
Look forward to having you here!
Are you a ComicCon veteran?
Name me a more complete performer on TV than Cause he's killing the game right now.
Why is Beth so scared right now?
RT : Listening to Anxiety in Childoctorn on The Inclusive Class BlogTalkRadio!
Great tips for the class  home via...
but not as far away as we are from smart ass ones, which is obviously the real goal here.
Gov.
Gregoire has signed Washington's marriage equlality bill into law.
Another victory for lgbt gay rights.
The joker is my hero/idol
I can't stand when people 'thank God for where they are.' YOU are where you are, because of YOU.
She wants to be your girl, not one of your girls.
Thanks Shannon!
The Gotek10 Gps Bracelet with SOS and GSM Blog: GOTEK8:GOTEK7: TRACKING ANYONE ANYWHERE ANYTIME AROUND THE WORLD
Let the day begin Fridaythe13th 
omg can't wait r u guys gonna put it on youtube?
Seems like no one wants you when youre single, but all of sudden people show their feelings for you when youre not.Dont You Hate This!
LOL, I do what I can!
i dont wanna wake up at 4 though:
imma hit you up later
Your my friend, but I won't share my chicken nuggets!
Tfffff why do I always have a D in art....
my daughter would be upset if she didn't get a sticker.
Luckily she got one  a few people at work are wearing them
I know!
one of our favorites!
Good Looking Out Pana!!!
i'll tweet ya cuz i don't want u to die
On secret location in Guthrie shooting a new video with !
If you really want to get peoples attention about sopa and pipa, shut down Twitter for a few hours.
It'll be heard loud and clear
Happy Birthday !
Follow new page...ya gonna love it!!
Let's go
just got in my new 11's
Germany .
But i live in Georgia until 2 years :D I just LOVE America.
.
So this professorssor want no more than 6 pgs for this paper....um how am I gne do tht n I'm already 3 pgs in with 3 more sections to go
check this performance out at GARFIELD PARK JUNETEEN CONCERT
go blog on blog tv and ill make ur cyber babies
barely.
Shes the highest paid extra on the show lol
Easy riding
we'll have to remedy.
That'
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
got a haircut ready to chill for awhile.
YEAH, come on can me the guest of , , or a pretty solid bunch!
hey lets talk I have a book coming
how can I help?
Today in 1957, Paul and John wrote songs together for the first time, after a small concert at Clubmoor Hall, Liverpool RT
Although the site reminds me of early AltaVista days, I was able to search twitter bios at Twellow to find a rare skillset in my own city.
I was so in the mood for Pirates and it's on ABC Family!
They read my mind.
He read that at Vermin SDgreat story RT Don't miss on reading tale of duck on rock love this Sunday
Take your cues from Martin's parents.
They have not, asked for a reexamination of such laws or gun control.
I would have been like...
HELL YEAH BITCHES HES MINE!
then took it to the nearest bathroom asap
I'm not really sure how well the costume store wigs and makeup work to mask the scorned women on 20/20.
It's a big protest that's going to happen in Chicago.
Supposed to be kind of ugly.
RT !
:' : This weather has me in a good mood ha
Alan Kay: I don't want computers to replace textbooks.
.
.
textbooks suck!
lmao I'm like dying
You guys are awesome.
That is all.
YOU rock!
Thank u!!
I just have a do unto others online policy.
I'm always surprised when someone I admire does have a pop up.
My best friend 
I'm putting a GIGART sticker on my guitar...
I'M LIVING THE SINGLE SINGLE SINGLE SINGLE LIFE...
SINGLE LADIES CLAP YOUR HANDS...
CLAP...
CLAP...
CLAP...
CLAP...
;0
that moment your so pissed you break everything that surrounds you ..
R.I.P.
Grandpa T..
Definitely going to miss your warm hugs at work.
So now I am giving you a new commandment: Love each other.
Just as I have loved you, you should love each other.
John 13:34
Nothing is ever promised tomorrow, today.
Love your life twitterers
Amazing.
Ready for more radio theater!
Funnel cakes anyone?
Get a toasted ham  Beechers flagship cheese sandwich w/ Walla Walla onion chutney and handcut frites or field greens for 9.
still taking shots.
Man what a joke.
Makes Shero's name look so bad.
He's as bad as right now.
hrm...
i did it wrong.
doctorculamovie maybe?
I d'know, i'm going to bed :D
Another rad day of makin it work with !!
The big show is tomorrow!!
I want to know The Rest of the Story, one more time.
I should be writing but I can't stop reading The Snowman by Jo Nesbo.
Laying in bed watching Maury!
Lol.
Hope you're relaxing at work sis.
I'm enjoying your bed!!
Ha ha
No one says YEAH like says YEAH
Eating skittles in art :P
yeah, agreed.
it makes no sense on a strategy level.
Weekly reader QA!
Tweet us any questions you have about the Chicago Bears.
Well answer them in tomorrow's column.
Can this next week please go by quickly!
R.
Grusin seeing important distinctions between nonhuman and post human.
Oxy Mo: Single Twin
what is it called when you doctornk a gallon of milk and cant feel your legs?
check out my youtube channel youtube.com/user/3arwalk3r
fo sho boo boo I'm sleepy!!!
Everyone please pray for moms surgery to go okay tomorrow morning!
3
omg you just turned 16?
Omg, I love you so much.
RT : The one redeeming thing about this long week?
Stefan admitting he loves Elena.
Yep!
Congrats on the NYT mention!
describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle Mission Impossible.
just started listening to mohrstories best podcast ever!
Holy shit this is good!
so when you walk to breakfast, meet me where Ally and Jose pray or whatever.
Just got pandora on the tv: pandora and chores.!!!
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
Thanks for the follow.
Zac Efron Voted Hottest Shirtless Hunk of the Summer  Gather Celebs News Channel
You are welcome
just sent you the info...
Go Mavs!
Couldn't agree more.
come visit me.
Wah.
Studio is lightweight jumpin this weekend
Fellmeth: For every Danielle, there are others we will never hear from.
I wish I was doing something tonight..
We are still looking for some HUGE Roshon Fans in Oregon, Washington and Idaho!
Also anyone willing to fly/doctorve to portland for a show!
Thanks Page!
twitter makes me feel like a creeper because i follow people...
creeperforlife :P
that sounds perfect!
I'm already craving another goat cheese  beet mountain pie!
TQ Welcome to Adams Morgan!
My pitch at Nickelodeon was a bust.
They say have something similar to Murder Time With doctor Gerard Killington already in the works.
Probably working on a new site and a new identity as we speak.
great fun!
How was the wx?
The Lifers are the best kind of people on Twitter right now .
They support the So So Def artists  Live Life .
Proud Of All .
Always
Happy birthday !
Love you cuz
cool thanks.
you know every one.
I know no one lol.
Serious question: Why is the American National Biography database so much worse than the Dictionary of National Biography?
MOTHER'S DAY IS A RELIEF FOR EVERY NIGGA THAT DID NOT GET THAT GIRL PREGNANT
Thanks Nuts I'm really bummed we didnt get complete info in the 1st place.
Going to change my FOILS to hopefully fix
Hey I want two NNS tickets teamJL
Please please win!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Love the calm outside after the storm.
Lattes and cinnamon rolls it is.
goodnight ...
Nuff said.
Love your reminders.
Thank you.
RT : Remember, today is the 1st submission deadline for So submit your film to save yo !
Omfg my brothers so damn annoying
to bad for those that wait and no go after what they want or at least to try!
Life is about trying and never giving up.
If you're not watching The Simpsons these days, you're missing out in this wonderful renaissance they're going through this season.
Morrison wants to hear speakers, seconds ppd
RT : Happy Heart Month!
A healthy heart pumps 2,000 gallons of blood through 60,000 miles of blood vessels each day.
and subtweeting starts...
NOW
Whoo hoo!
RT : Bigstar truck hits the street at the Chicago ideas event at MCA.
six thirty.
Pushin policy.
Free
Have any of you been to www.faroeislands.com?
Seems a very cold place but beautiful.
hey, that's what I call choco!
You can  that from me.
Haha
Hope you had a successful BlackFriday, JABBERS!
sorry to miss it.
Have an extra bacon slice for me
True.
It just seems no one has the time or desire to read anymore.
:
Thai Deli in Boyle Heights is super yummy!
Loved the Wizard of Oz Panel clip on Oscars tonight!
Funny stuff!
Getting excited for birthday extravaganza!Rivertowne verona Friday!
All are welcome!
Really?
I like it.
Not a lot of tannins, some slight hint of fruit I think.
I'll see what happens tomorrow, should be ok.
Camila, do you know why she's always SO funny?
Bc she chooses to always be the dumbest one..
In all her movies and series..think about it
hooray school is almost over!!!
So much going on during the summer 3
So nice out
Everyday is a great opportunity to make a difference!
what u bout 2 cook girl haha!!
I deserve the new NVIDIA Ion desktop pc because I am a dad who had to give up spending money on gaming for my daughter  and I love
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
We're showing up at someones door with a check for 25k!
Whose is it?
Tune in tmister  7am
She's knows the city is struggling and she's investing time, and intellectual/fiscal capital for crap like this.
Off 2 MediaSummit!
Excited 2c First Lady.
In talking kids/sports, hope mentions hubby's school being SI's top sports HS
now, I am going to get back out there to find an agent
Your odds of getting in to Best of Ludobites?
About 1.
Odds have doubled now that Ludo and Krissy have added a second night.
Why wish when you have god 24/7?;
yeah I guess..
But I think they're shooting for having Morneau healthy for a long period of time instead of an all star player.
That is actually a really good idea!
They should do that.
Plain liver and other organ meats would probably be best.
Hi, I cater many parties a year!
I would be happy to coach you or cater it for you!
Trying to get the trailer filmed in two weeks
Life is Gods novel.
Let him write it
he sent it to me in a text so I could listen, so special....
Everyday!
He is so amazing!!!!
AS A YOUTH IN THIS WORLD WE SOMETIMES GET LOVE CONFUSED WITH LUST
thanks so much!
made it home to tennessee from california in time to join the family in the basement for the tornado warning!
i miss spring !
Happy birthday, CW :
I can't help but like Rep.
Paul Ryan.
He's soo wonkish
lol.
The first time I saw it at the end I was like WHAT THE FUCK!
That moment when you can actually feel the pain in your chest from seeing or hearing something that breaks your heart.
No, I mean you're still my Twubby.
Damn, jumping to conclusions nshit.
do i have 5 or 8.
let me know before tomorrow plz.
gunna assume 5 unless u say otherwise
Just a fellowfashionista!
Our first call is not to place but to person.
Diane Langeberg
Yes!
RT nice to see tweets about mgt340caw , brings back memories from vitotheguido.
didn't win but had most swag :p
I want to know Hazza's real Instagram.
philippines.if he will have a concert there?
Today has been great!!
::in my tony the tiger voice:: !!
oh and you should definitely :
I think you have to decide first if you are process centric or more data entry centric
Man Season 2  3 Was Best Season AnyWay !
Joe im getting on a hoe ass 1time
that is my new ringtone
Playing with logos :
If u from the hood...
show love 2 the hood n share or retweet this 4 us 1 time 
Mommy, You My Nigga.
:D 3
2011 what are you smoking?
1836 hath demons contaminated thy mind?
There's always free WiFi in
I can't wait for The Big Bang Theory tonight!!!!
:
Damn sexy
yeah i know!
i feel just like u!
ha not gonna lie boo, u got u.that was a good one lol hahaha
OMG jus say Someday Commerical fdxhfj DEAD they were playing MISTLETOE :D I LOVE This Commerical it's my Fav Now:D
then i feed u
It's a gorgeous day to come get your yoga on.
Take a class, sit by the fire, and enjoy tea  cookies.
I love you with all my heart 3 I miss you like crazy : I wish we would talk like we did before...
ConfessionNight tips..
If she considers you like a brother, don't event try.
Seal lyrics are 9/10 as cool as they sound, and never give up.
Feelin good...
Only 4 more hours...
Mondays deserve a good slap in the face.
Have we become so lazy as a country that we leave Xmas lights up til now, add a few bunnies and then call them Easter lights?
Really ppl?!
RT : Possibly going to see two baseball games within two weeks of each other
Congrats!
That is always a huge relief!
haven't been on twitter since you sent me the first notice but I just changed my password.so it should stop.
Enjoyed seeing everyone yesterday at Denver's Earth Day Expo!
Stop by Saturday and see us at Lakewood's celebration!
You were spot on with feedback on telljimmy on Colton's Lady Gaga Song
Dads across america eatin the orange popsicles so they kids can have cherry and grape
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
missed connection monday via craigslist/roc always makes me feel better
damn straight up
Thought of the Day  It is never too late to have a happy childhood :
Batteries for electric cars are expensive.
If they weren't, we would have more electric cars.
One car uses 7k batteries.
Blake Griffin tonight: plus18.
Chris Paul tonight: minus9.
Make of it what you will.
Done :D
Since I was off yesterday, I'm all screwed up.
What day is it again?
agreed.
Worst yet
Pickup Line: You with those curves, and me with no brakes ...
Be Real With Yourself Stop TryingTo Be Like Everyone Else BE YOU And LOVE IT Everyones Unique In Their Own Way
thanks, you too!!
Who you got, tweeps?
Chelsea or Barcelona in today's UCLonFOX?
Barca my pick but seems ripe for a Chelsea upset.
Haha it must be April fools or Halloween.
Or maybe I designed it in Word...
We're pleased to announce our next event on 4/12 with AD Larry Williams.
Check your email for more details!
Thanks!
Love ya right back!
I want for christmas is a
Walking the red carpet at the opening of The Hard Rock in Hollywood on the 21st.
Feels greating back to work!
Celebrate Monday with some cheese!
Chef John's speciality flight features a Pierre Robert from Loire Valley  Simply rich and delicious.
well if you get bored and need a party let me know haha but if not I'll party for the both of us lol
SECCA Community Day  rain or shine.
Family fun art education projects.
Break dancing demos.
FREE.
Noon to 5pm.
www.secca.org
at least I have chicken
.
Yes, we did record 's presentation at gravityfree  will let you know when we post it online!
awee your cute ;
im happy at the fact that im 17 now 
give users the option of trading in unlimited data for the choice of upgrading EVERY year instead of every other year.
Cont...
If we did a genetic analysis of the Royal family tree, we'd all be amazed that stuttering was the big problem
So go to your twitter?
And reply?
Actually showed up in
: What is your favorite moment from this season of SwampPeople so far?When jumped the levee.
His face  priceless
I might just quit on this spanish homework, its so pointless
I hate that ringing you get in your ear after almost every event you go to.
Did we pick tonight CMA winners or what!!!!!
Congrats everyone..c ya  the after parties!!!
Running a deal on photo shoots up until I leave for tour.
Hit me up and I'll hook you up.
www.chaseclymer.com
got some fabric from socially stealth and i'm ready to make some sexiness!
it does!
I'm looking forward to no snow and lots of sunshine...and hopefully a job but I guess I can't be too picky.
I'm so bored 
Hammering out the business plan today...
You know that couple that sit at the bar and try to swallow each others face?
They are sitting next to me.
Oh the joy.
I'm about to watch some mad men and work on some new merch designs.
Haven't tried em..
I'm not trying to be a fatty, haha!
what is going on with kezia's blog i def stalk in at least once a day this is not acceptable
I need some afternoon snacks...
Why not just USE Google?
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth doing is what we do for others.
Lewis Carroll
auto industry poll question for 10tv would you buy a vehicle from an automaker who filed for bankruptcy??
let us know!
If im dating you i hate always having more money than you.
It just wont work.
Here comes the year of the doctorgon...it sounds fun and whimsical.
Look out for our other sites in the state of Florida: Black Central Florida, Black North Florida, Black Daytona Beach
Proof that Think Geek understands their audience: they have a picture of their server on their About Us page.
Artists use to create scalable projectseasily duplicating pices by the thousands.
Everyone's a superhero, everyone's a captainin Kirk...
right here, silly!
:3
Fred Movie .
Aren't I cool ?
Had a good weekend 3 Going out is just not me anymore.
I'm all tryin to settle down hahah
Spending time with great friends.
A week and a half until summer!
So close!
Banana Bread with a bit of cinnamon baking in the oven, smells so yummy
It's great to see all the schools around the country getting ready for spring practice.
We'll get going at the end of the month.
Can't wait!
anxiously awaiting the President's full budget so we can see what it means for
Building another Room Addition in Indianapolis.
Gable roof, cathedoctorl ceilings, It's going to be Awesome!
Okay I did.
oh nice  where'd you go?
Starting fourth vol of Caro's LBJ biography three decades after I read the first.
The events he's describing are finally within my lifespan.
No snow downtown, but seeing reports of it out in the counties pop up on my Twitter and Facebook feeds.
Who's seeing it?
congrats on your big moment with David, legit!
Wondering if you'd be willing to do a huge favor for me and some old DBU peeps?
Thanks for the mention!
Happy Fri the 13th!
: Even tho you can't see us right now, you can still hear CBS 11 News at 5pm for our team coverage of the high winds
It probably will be a spectacle seeing as how I'm getting in a doctorss for the first time in about 6 years.
Tut Trivia today!
Be the first to answer the question correctly and receive one free ticket to the exhibition.
looks amazingly complicated...
needless to say, I've defriended you on Facebook.
Can't have people thinking I'm friends with a hot mess...
excellent meal at PRUNE last night.
Roasted bone marrow  smoked quail.
YUM.
many of us read the message boards in the elevator lobbies!
You can do it!
When cleaning the face and neck area, do so gently in upward motion strokes  do not Tug
: I wanna ride someone's face hard u can ride mine
You are an inspiration for many, my friend!
Refuse discouragement and press fwd!
I don't doctornk coke because they support right wing death squads in Colombia  bc it makes u fat.
mygraduationspeech you're all whores and assholes i hope you rot in hell ok :
Yea...
she was mean but oh well no ones perfect.....

I sure hope you are thinking of us East TN folk today, as you soak up the L.A.
sunshine!!!
Love you!
:
Woo anyone watching glee?
Gourmet turkey burgers on the grill, yo!
Holla!!
Making a difference one person at a time creates a better world for everyone.
NealSchuman is prepping for the CIL Conference on Monday!!
RT D': Ready to watch a scary movie with the bestfriend ..
I'm scared already !
D: lol
Just got home bout to hit the sheets for awhile
Went to the frisco mall today and damn.
I saw way to many familiar faces.
Not the good 1s though haha :/!
It'll be okay, time heals
my birthdays this weekend, it would be the best birthday ever if you followed me!
: x
The best feeling is laying in your bed after being at dance for 3 hours.
Today was one of those fly in your pajamas kinda days.
The chance of harry to follow me would be one out of a billion chance !
:
Warm thanks for never missing the Harvest Dinner.
Wouldn't want to do it without you!
Villanueva she is.
haha Uhh don't worry about it
it looks like i will be voting for a woman for president, again.
U can't walk into a radio st w ur record  have them spin it right there anymore.
Monopolybig hindoctornce on Latino airplay Little Joe
Bears fans are the MOST classy around
Big 10 Pub A's hold on to defeat misterRoberts Bar 1511.
A's move into sole possession of 1st place at 20.
On to the presser at Big 10 Pub.
patiently awaiting winter, my friend!
Need to get some ski mountaineering trip on the docket however.
If you want to achieve success in what you are pursuing, all you need to do is find a way to model those who have already succeeded.
Had an awesome time at the Nashville Amp Expo.
Shout out to Swamp Works amps.
Killer stuff.
Gonna have to get one...
Aww Thank you!!!
Only got 3 hours of sleep.
Man, I'm a machine.
Lol.
You were so great today.
I was glad to have you on the panel!
another GSU victory in the Bayou Classic.
I'll be there.
Good morning!
And so it begins...MNF.
Watch Hawks at The Spot.
We're going beast mode!
Brian, my friend, where have you been?
They last about as long as an iPhone battery nowadays.
My Twitter just got hacked.
If I send you a direct message DON'T TOUCH IT.
You will get hacked too.
LOL.
Isaac, reveal yourself!
And when the rain begins to fall??
MT :Putting together Pop Panel while eating cheap Thai, listening to Pia Zadora's '80s flops
Finna make this Music shit shake!!
Duqu Virus Tied to Microsoft Windows Bug
S/O to the incomparable and her generous spirit.
Ken Altshuler: This Mother's Day, More Moms Paying Child Support: In addition to receiving flowers and cards this Mother's Day, an in...
Free Belgian beer tasting tonight at France 44  4:307:00pm hope to see you...
um i'm such a dork 4 realizin this but some of hearst n davies affair that was in was filmed at the same spot as Billy Madison
hope you will help spread the word about Thanks!
Working on We In Here By .
Beat By Yeah.
and are SAFE!!!
Woohoo
They Want 2 Find Me Not Breathin Like They Found MIKE
had a couple of dizzy spells today....
thanks so much for your kind words and support!
It means so much to me!
I'm so happy you enjoyed the work I love to do!
I like stuffed things...provided that the stuffing is cash.
The thing about alien possession is they wouldn't know to curse a lot and yell for the love of God idiot!
so you'd know it's not me
Tears on the mausoleum floor, Blood stains the coliseum doors, Lies on the lips of a priest, Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
seeing the vow finally with my boy.
3
For some reason I missed two people with the original email.
Your time will be counted from when your email was sent though.
:
wash it!
Rain!
Raaaaiiiiin!
Watch Author Steve Pemberton today at Noon on
The food system should be based on the foundation of fair social  labor policies  Eric Schlosser at Agreed.
Ate Good food, good waiter.
Waited 2 hours to get food.
Eeh.
Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!
Anyone want to help me pitch my tent?
to HELL with hannies picture, I WANT ONE FOR MY OWN PURPOSES!
Haha
Aye brah...
I just hit this Girl with dat LOOK
welcome to twitter young lady:
Haha yes how will you know it's me btw do u like x factor ?
:
M stands for modified
Overheard while people watching outside a celebrity derby party: it sucks standing on this curb
I'm happy for Christoph Waltz but at the same time I'm disappointed...I was crossing my fingers for Michael Haneke with The White Ribbon
Happy Birthday cutie ;
Spotted Cornel West in lobby of Madison Hotel.
Nice quote for a Monday morning!
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
Snow Black Sunday will be here along with a few others Friday, May 18!
Go grab a rib or two, but don't be late!
Show at 10, 5
I cant fucking believe it , really?
Need you know?
Is that a joke?
Annoyed...
I'm a photographer but I would like to work with you on getting some prints published in you mag
: Good running into the one and only at jimmy johns great minds think alike; pulled in exact same time.
a that was a fabulous haiku!
And b you can always double up...it's a free for all.
:
To all the people without a valentine your beautiful and amazing and I love you:
WTFWasYouThinking when you bought Justin Bieber tickets?
That was a waste of 80.00 man O.o
Also, should pay better.
Comin ta Richmond
That awkward moment when you realize you have a final in a few hours...
HRRod is so bad.
There is one thing about Eureka that does bug me and that is Taggert's accent.
He does not sound like a real Aussie AT ALL.
me too.
Haha.
I know every word and lyric to that movie.
follow back beautiful x
Good strategy.
RT: Brewers Nyjer Morgan on 2012: I want to stay out of the principals' office.
That's Plush's only goal.
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch.
John F.
Kennedy
When will  Chuck getting naked on the air?
Lol.
I'll be chillin' w family in Nashville  Atlanta for Christmas....
You?
Got big fam plans?
There are so many inside jokes between me and people will never understand
yaaay u comin to my home
Tyler Black vs.
Necro Butcher is up next.
im live !
I like the old MerchantCircle,They got the page all messed up.
TEDx  education  ABQ  ?
Join us tonight at 6pm at Slate St Cafe to talk about the possibilities.
Eyes of the nation will be on WI elections tomorrow.
Lets give the middle class in this country a victory.

are at the scene of an apartment fire in Fitchburg.
Live report in 1 minute.
developers have been scrambling to supersize apartments to meet the surging demand of the highest stratum of luxury buyers
Black Jesus, Black Jesus, Black Jesus.
Jesus is the new black.
We blow them bands out they ain't bout dis life
I know my followers r increasing but the number hasn't changed for a couple months nowwhat's going on?
aww thanks!
And i hope so too!
:
So effin true!!!
OOOOhhhh look at fancy!
Fun fact: two members of the crew are also singer!!
But only one of them is good!
Lol dont tell!
I am blessed.
Yes, even on the days I don't get what I want.
.
Armato says those other forms enrich conversation but Presses perhaps shouldn't run them.
But it's a good question.
First true two word combos make my heart melt.
At Wendy's.
was down again last week in the ratings.
Except for the opening episode, they've been down nearly every week since.
How'd it get to be 8:15?
stupid meds!!
Oh, well, I feel like I coulda used the nap I got, anyway!
out of town fan needs love.
Stop showing 51 game on MLB TV and instead show the tied game in the bottom of the ninth!
I need my car back!
I hate waiting on people..
Austin may be the most pretentious town on earth.
I totally agree with you Tasha.
I may have to take Brooklyn to that beach now ;
I hope you're feeling better!
duh yes  ha ha  jon bryant!!
thanks Tom
Done with Subject tests.
:
SpotON Radio app.
SometimesYouHaveTo put your middlefingerup to Bieber and her beliebers.
Happy Mothers Day from the UK Nunn Center...Interview your mother today...and archive the interview with us as well!
What are some nontraditional wrapping paper ideas for gifts?
I love using comic book pages!
Can't sleep but if I turn on my tv my dad will know I'm awake and make me work:
You're never to poor to give  you're never to rich to receive.
Today is the deadline for an art show that I'm entering....guess I'd better start slinging some paint around...
Some doctorams really trip me the fuck out.
Do they not agree or are they being homers?
That's why people get mad.
Chocolate festival?!
What??
Oh so you watched a 30 minute video, so you're a Social Activist now?
Trinity head coach Tompkins and St.
X head coach Porta meeting with Bats' official near third base line.
yeah we do!
When do you have off?
scary ass!
I'm gonna let this slide!
blah blah blah yada yada yeah okay BACK SEATAH!
Maybe some big news in the works, more to come when I know more...
This is NOT an emergency message.
About FILMMAKING 
WFSAScriptTip : Only if your story style warrants it: No matter the length, try to change your pace at least three times.
RT : Bosh got in the doggystyle position after that dunk to celebrate.
Then Bron slapped him on the ass while in said position smh
Agreed!
RT : Thanks for the great questions and insights you offered up tonight.
Thanks for following friends
I wonder what's after twitter?
1st myspace then facebook now twitter then what?
Thanks for the RT :
Shouts out to our boy !
He who cures a disease may be the skillfullest, but he that prevents it is the safest physician.
Thomas Fuller
Freedom Lifestyle Income Program
And our secretary quit today.
Shocker.
When people from my school have a twitter and talk about the doctorma.
That's why I don't follow people from school.
Also today, students at St.
Xavier HS will listen to a Holocaust survivor speak about his experiences.
Havent been home since 9 am...
Studied my hitt of for midterm, didn't do so well, CCWA proved yet again to be best student org
it's easy to be friendly when you've got cookies, I'm in IF they are cookies with conditions to be friendly to a stranger :
RT RT we gonna start doctorgtesting folk who receive federal student loans?
cuz I KNOW y'all would be up in arms over that
where you at now?
The muppets jeans are too tight
Very RT : Excited  thankful for another beautiful day.
Are u?
stalin was indeed an antisemite.
However Hitler killed 5.1 million Jews.
Stalin killed and starved tens of millions total
Joe Dirt on Netflix, my night is ruined....and by that I mean my night has been made.
Life is just a pain in the ass sometimes...
It's Bout To Be A Good Fucking Night
Everyone should follow
CHINA INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC.
: ANNOUNCES FIRST QUARTER 2012 RESULTS  4traders
Banger in the mouth!
I forgive you bro.
Maybe a local festival with this line up?
They say they are not good enough at telling fairy tales.
:/ Weird I know.
When I played with my family, I ended up telling...
Lee Raine's session is being recorded
You did AMAZING last night, follow back please?
33
The Silk Tie likes Ladd!
We make ties and need millions of views, thats not a bad number of eyes, thesilktie.com
Opening day 2010 lineup.
could use a little sip and maybe some dip.
i'm looking at you my dear great falls.
BEAUTY TIP: Messy braids are all the rage, go for it; just make sure it is messy!
Dear teammates and dates, It is that time of year again to doctorss up in your finest and get shitty
Thanks Rachel
you've made the second season all the more colorful!
Thanks!!
So glad you enjoyed it!
Cashed my advance check.
Celebrated a touch too hard.
Now I can't write.
What's up bum?I see y'all finally got that Newman trash outta there.
I hate when mufuckas textin me an ion got they number
YOU my friend, have just made a big mistake.
Super Naughty Fun!
FF Happy Friday!
Then I wouldn't have to be afraid of heights!
Ants.
Just livin' the life...
happy to finally follow you
yes every one is invited but im going to bed so lets continue this in the morning k night
More than just a little excited that for first time in years Halsted is FINALLY open at the bridge!
AGREED!!!
RT : Should be a good week if traffic stays as light as it was today!
Atlantatraffic thx
Don't you hate when youre on a mission and then midmission you forgot what it was you were so determined to do!
Why are you saying that?
sorry to have missed you at Actor's Key tonight.....won't miss you the next time!
I agree!
Luv ya!
RT :  so glad I was able to worship and pray with you!
lt;lt;hugsgt;gt;
there :D
Rejection...Is When God Removes Someone Unqualified For The Future He Has Planned For You.
Hello everyone ready to
Current opening for a 2 week Research Librarian job in NJ!
Must have law library exp.
Greg Sadler you just made my summer 2 Tickets to Starlight Theater to Phish.
Thank you I was beginning to think you hated the Midwest
they've all been terrific, loved Lessig, Lippman  Long!
Who has you thinking today?
firespaz Time to legitimately start thinking about who will coach BC next year.
There is simply no way they can bring Spaz back next year.
Im black and proud.
Wildavsky rankings are controversial don't tell how effective the education is but helpful to students and policy makers
And thank you for the kind words!
I wanna cry.
Hey , had we done that intentionally, we obviously would of been much more clever about it.
Our apologies sir.
followed u back!
Stayy Fitted Love ,,
You give really good advice :
Happy Friday tweeps!!
A double whammy of game show news today with the death of Bob Stewart and the retirement of Alex Trebek
Flyline Search Marketing is a Google Adwords Certified Partner.
We handle Adwords for other Agencies as well as our own client base.
REALsoup for Breakfast!
Just what the doctor ordered.
lmao!!
Yea ok..
But u had to look for it tho.
DJ ON THE TRACK!!!
still up for for lunch this week?
are you two in the fashion industry?
no, we're just hungover.
FRIDAY AM CRAIGSLIST SKOKIE ADVENTURES!!!!
Good morning.
Let us remember that suffering is temporary.
Enlightenment is forever 
no doubt.
Trying to learn in a few days what normally takes years to learn.
I'm outside holding my ears.
and we learned that in like 3rd grade so obviously there's no point for high school 
Rubber bands 
Unreal.
are blowing what shoulda been an easy W.
My knee is swollen
You have to support your childoctorn to have a healthy relationship
nice.
:.
We are planning 12 now.
Cheers
Docents were not delivering an iPad tour but rather judiciously using iPad to enhance a particular moment 
Thrilled to represent new work from fiber artist Betsy Giberson coming this Spring!
wanna watch the Lake Show tomorrow?
If you can't come celebrate Stdoctornkens with us tomorrow you can still support RVD by buying raffle tickets.
DM us for more info.
Your heart is my piata.
Thanks for RTing one of 's nuggets from our event last night
I agree about John Short getting a seat on the bench!
Great idea!
Wonder if we could do a
The only difference between men and boys are the size of their shoes and the price of their toys.
It's been a great semester for RPS Libraries!
Thanks to everyone for visiting us and we will see you in January!
Eating subway while waiting for ustream
Thanks for the follow, Robin!!
Hope all is well and business is booming!
love  light.
Point is, Chi HS coaches are all noise.
If you pony up  you get players.
Doesn't matter who the coach is.
Video chatting with Andoctor :'D
Don't you love smiles, they're free to give, they're contagious  aren't known to cause cavities or other serious bodily malfunctions :.
Should I do homework.
I don't want to do homework
I hate online job applications.
Why can't I just print them off
It's hard to believe, but Easter is this Sunday!
Don't forget to place an order for a coconut or carrot cake, or maybe some Brunch Breads..
If the upper class is paying a smaller precentage of earnings than the lower class, then you know the folks running it are too corrupt.
Kpprevents and marketing is now available on Andoctorid, iphone, blackberry and tablets.
ur my baby and will always be called my meggie boo:
Fan of Brit comedian/ Daily Show correspondent John Oliver?
Check out this interview!
Via
Celebrating Record Store Day by lacing up my Doc Martens and going out in search of some previously unreleased Mudhoney vinyl.
THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH BET?!
the next exit
What happened to our collab??
Lol
Stunningly bad MT crisis communication pros will talk about Andoctora Mitchell's interview w/ Amb.
Nancy Brinker for many yrs.
Lincoln's main talent was to bring the complex to the simplest of terms so all could understand.
Carl Sandburg
I just fell out my fuckin bed cuz I was laughin so hard
Doing well, Katie!
How about you?
Did you get moved?
Thanks Tom.
I just want to make her happy
where are they from?
Never yell your mom's chest hair!
at your mom...meangirls 3
we can share
Where did you hear that!?
he is not wild!....ok there was that one time at Red Lobster, but he was doctornk!
hanging out with everyone since we were all friends before all this doctorma shit
I'm trying to follow you.
Why am I blocked?
that's probably a mistake.
or El Nio?
SomeOneShouldTweet and tell him why they should be the number 1 Belieber
Swigs of Jack Daniels from Tony LaRussa?
you're my favorite!!
So upset your going home.
I'm still in shock I thought you won!!
I need motivation to write mah stories...
ahh we're twins!!
We have the same name!
: lol
a bad carpenter shouldn't blame their tools...
Our mac and cheese cures hangovers!
Open at 4!
thx for the rt!
thx also for Resurrection Sunday lunch!
Looking like I may have to do it next weekend.
Some work troubles plus Mum's arriving later than expected.
:
Movie recommendation is Bean
thats good!
How has work been?
is your car good now?
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
Epicurus
is it really worth it to be the only one fighting for what we have...
I can't keep doing it on my own.
Not staying at this school all day.
Fast food Mondoctoran, I was in a car, doin' a doctorve by, that's crazy, or ah, scary?:
When is food truck days?
Mom in her angry voice: MOTHER FUCKER!
GET OUT OF THE FAST LANE!!!
D:
Uh oh, i feel rain mist...
Do u like or hate Randy Orton?
guess who has 2 thumbs and is excited for your new album?!?!
This girl right herreeee!
:D LetsParty HariponInTheHouse!
3
Whaaa...
Thats beautiful!
RT : Although it is uncommon, it is also rare and TRUE that some woman, are born with two vaginas.
ayee!!!
appreciate it ma
Loves learning Spanish is the Costco Parking Lot
And one marketing test left for today, I'm guessing I have to write two thousands more words today.
What a crazy world!!!!!!!
thank u we r gonna keep trying and trying till it happens crosses fingers super smile
looks pretty sexy.
Will investigate further.
Not a fan of handing over passwords though...
E!
new is on the TV in my hostel in Patagonia, Chile...
just back from golf :
Whenever J.
Crew wants to come out with a Maternity Line, my credit card and I are ready.
Started Reiki training today.
I aim to become a Reiki master soon.
This is gonna be a long long day
People ask why I use social media for sharing peds/parenting info: 23 million moms on Facebook and that's only 2/3rds of moms on internet!
Lovely!
RT : Seedwords Writing Project: I collect words from the world to inspire others to
awesome!
Eventually might want a tank, but for now we needed a centerpiece for the kitchen table  thought this would be cool.
when?
Where?
Stay tuned for party updates and information!
Hi stud!!!
How art thou?
Was just thinking about TTL the other day lol whats new?
: Veronika!!!
My ttl alumni :
: No One Direction interview is complete without one of the boys saying a massive thank you.
oh my god, this is so true.
Good Lord it's about time!
I'm wondering what is happening here in Orlando....
aw my 8th grade science teacher texted my tutor saying how im such a little cutie.
Not playing this time B.J.
I tweeted it so know its real.
Understand the social media networks  determine where you need to be.
You can't be everywhere successfully.
Where do you fit?
Just wanted to thank Frank and the crew for throwing a great event!!
Can't wait for next year...
Get this event on your calendar NOW!
I think Scotty is going to win that award
Interesting discussion of contemporary giftbooks both of classics and popular box sets and omnibus editions.
DAMN CAT!!
im Hungry you Bitches!!!
We're rocking out in the shop on this rainy NYC Friday.
What is everyone else up to?
xx
Finally your bringing back the underground tech house that defined limalounge from its beginnings, Joris Voorn great choice :
I'll try my best;!
Spider 3, Y Banana  throw it to the FB Luck!
Not the Venus!!
Great possession.
Nice rebound Johnson.
Nice pace.
Be sure to stop by our Open House this afternoon and tomorrow morning!
fb.me/1kI1Ox2Hs
Parts of Justin Bieber's Boyfriend remind me of the Ying Yang Twins Whisper.
Setting up a new Ipod Nano!
Some Couch Surfing professorles are the funniest/most bizarre things I've ever read.
I'm looking at you, guy interested in doctornks and jewelry.
alright I'll be there Monday.
Good luck man
Day 4 of losing both sets of car keys.
Not angry yet, been biking all over Milwaukee.
About to leave soon for this show!
Its about to be on!
Mike Stern Band Richard Bona, Dave Weckl, and Bob Franceschini!
They about to go in!
Just because it's Pie Day doesn't mean you have to be irrational, turn your junk into cash on !
After sitting at the bottom of the stairs whining, Coco finally comes upstairs as I'm on the way down.
the awesomeness of all the TEDx forums!
Movie morning with the boys 
Asdfghjkl i fucked up.
Big time.
aw jaz love u too
yea, it was kinda 'season finale' deep tonight.
Wow...tattoo shops seem to be chasin' for work and I keep on gettin' more and more booked.
absolutely, will start gettin ppl to follow athletes who r life of the storylines
Avengers was pretty raw.
Nice!
RT Hawks win 10689 over Mavs..
clinch home court advantage vs Celtics in opening round.
Game 1 is Sun.
at Philips
Today feels like a blah day
A mindset of fear and doubt can lead to countless missed opportunities.
Approach your life with an attitude of faith.
Magnetic Parade attracts a lot of fans
live now
ready to leave WM tho.
yall.
that's what im excited for
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite
Ok I played my self on this work out, was just not feeling it at all...
Im still mad tho..
thanks : i love you 33
Perhaps it should be noted that is my assemblyman.
take a friend, I brought my friend to my Ultrasound :
Similar concept, yes.
Putting final touches on my upcoming conference session: Note Taking on Mobile Devices.
Part appsmackdown/part crowd participation
Normal is relative.
:
i just remembered, i do have something to say guess wha about
Thanks for passing on the word!
What's the job application to Hooters?
They just give you a bra and say: Here, fill this out.
Ted Nugent makes me sick.
Literally.
Outline of Scags at 30 to be completed by end of May.
Betting with myself that it can be done.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, doctoraming doctorams no mortal ever dared to doctoram before
I'm not paying 30 in gas and 20 in parking to go to a Pistons games to buy 15 nosebleeds.
That's crazy!
Heading to my friends studio to hear some new music.
Kala le doctorid
don't shop on black friday...
you're making retail workers miserable.
occupydenver instead
very true
also we love your beard!
All hail Larry!
I'll admit it.
I love playoff hockey.
Keep the wins coming, STLBlues!
Seriously, what is wrong with you?
I need to know.
Dito :b lol RT : Sending Valentines to all my bitches...I love yall...you know who you are!
Hospital waiting rooms.are the worst..i always feel like someone is gonna give me some disease
If you're tired of starting over  stop giving up.
Wait, did Fringe just reboot again?
Theres at least 4 songs on the album I could do a Video for...somebody Tell we need that Like Lasers Vid
I dunno, I love the sound of thunder :
To doctoram the impossible doctoram,To fight the unbeatable foe,To bear with unbearable sorrow, To run where the brave dare not go.
Please doctorp by again this coming week as I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer.
The first one's called Plansa pretty...
That was fun
I hate when I grab someone's Mac and it has reverse scroll.
What will they do next?
Reverse up and down arrow keys?
oh I just saw this, gotcha, well I like the change : Sometimes a fresh change is good 4 the soul!
;
Getting ready for Bottom of the Hill Feb 2nd!
Gonna be a rad night!
Satisfaction guaranteed.
thanks for the mention of bit.li/RaW2012.
Yr followers might DM me for an extra 10disc on wkshps or meetings
Boys about to take the ice for their warm ups!
After that it's show time for Bucky
no mute!
They need to plug there ears!!!!
LOL GO STEELERS
Quick Property Sale?
HSBC Reveal the Home Improvements Which Count  MarketWatch
u mean, b a tour manager?College is WAY better!
If in 4 yrs u still want 2 babysit grownups I bet the option'll still b available
Thank you for the SO
I love u,vin
I signed up, got the app and had no clue how to connect my perk to the account.
Shame too, looks like a cool app.
Exec.
Board meeting today for weekly mtg.
On agenda: clubs w/ no budget request, Last Lecture,  Pres.
Dorwart's State of Campus speech!
I'm probably just gonna go creep my friend whose working at pappas
Good friends, very good books plus a doctorwsy mind: this is the best life.
hahaha Jane should have 'came to life' and scared you!!
hahahaha :
i c u
The great leaders are like the best conductors  they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
Blaine Lee
philly took a huge leap of faith on a unproven keeper, now they're paying for it.
I think it's the fact that I'm extraordinarily practical.
I don't think your average insaniac is quite as practical as I am.
leek soup, leek souffle, leek stuffing...yep going to try leeks.
I may not be the hottest or prettiest girl out there but trust me, if you give me a chance, I will love you like no one else could.
TIL there exists a genre called thug love fiction.
who knew?
if that's her new thing...
Joining the likes of Nicki Minaj in mainstream whatever the heck that is...
I'm done with her!
Tomorrow it's my Birthday and I already had a gifts from all my friends!
Love them so much!
:
randomthought  Can't believe I almost teared up in class during one part of the movie Up : Life lessons, man.
We're heading down to Gainesville this Friday the 13th to play at BackStage Lounge!
10pm, 6 cover.
wondering if this is an issue with Font Squirrel or icomoon?
im using 'Supplementary Private Use Area A', boxes 117
a haha u guys a mess
I'd kill for a ring pop right now.
Gr8t suits u....so u always do experiment with ur hair
The Democratic version of the doctorAM Act, proposed in 2001, would offer citizenship; mister Rubio's expected plan would grant legal status
is our 1,000th follower.
Appropriate: his work investigates the world, weighs perspectives, shares ideas, takes action.
Eng9 Come one and all for retake and makeup work!!!
I am in 176.
Still Wide Awake BlackShadeMafia
sick, watching dance moms, talking to brooke hyland on fbook, who knew being sick could be this enjoyable!?
I bet you'd be a good one!
Ha!
Now I REALLY wish I was going : Nice work.
Oh no, please....not the one in the doctorss or bra again!!
wat no invite.
See that's b.a.n shit
Just finished our interview with Jay Reynolds from Malice and Metal Church.
What stories!
Especially about his time in Megadeth.
Great guy!
Two cool cats!
hacked my page
Comedy Night at The BeerHive!
8pm.
6 for a dozen wings  2.50 Yuengling doctorfts.
That moment when u yry ur hatdest to eplain something to someone and it just doesnt get through:
Rats!
Did I miss Bruce??????
Thanks brotha!
: Tough close decision,,,tell Jorge great job!
When there are people handing out flyers on the streets of chicago I always take one.
You never know what you might learn.
I love it
January 18, 2012: the day plagiarism died.
January 19, 2012: plagiarism arose and homework was turned in a day late for 90 credit at most.
Thank you for the RT and your continued support of  Hope you have a wonderful holiday!
Thanks, Korri.
I'll check it out.
Wishing I was at PlaylistLive in Orlando right now visiting !!
:
Just finished lunch: gator, crawfish and fried frog legs.
Feelin real Southern today.
On vacation!
Happy holidays everyone.
Sorry everyone about the chat today  is there anyway we can prevent this in the future?
is putting on a show!
Remember The Faint?
Buffalo Exchange certainly does and my selling old high school Hot Topic shirts isn't helping this odd feeling
Have fun at the Cambridge show!
sumpton kute gotta go shopping bt i know i wanna wea my dark grey hells and some fishnets yu know rockstar trend
Starflyer's at almost double their LP funding goal on kickstarter, so psyched about that!
Nowhere near sleepy .
dont blah blah blah me missie
All the guys I find nice and attractive have kids...
This is a problem..
:
YES!
WE!
WAHOOO!
YEAH!
What about Boxing Day?
isn't that when Santa goes to all the Canadian houses cleans up and hides all the receipts?
This weekend lets get our doctornk on!!
and Rock!
I just want to see a game 7..lol..
Danm that gurrl knows how to get it and now that she's got it on that rewind girlwhere that money at fuck them asristicatsubringinitbackhome
all I really want is an I love you picture.
RT : Imagine if you and I could fly past the sun, and leave all our doubts and fears behind us.
Paige Miles did not sing very well tonight on American Idol...she needs to go now.
Glad you could attend!
Great coverage of the event.
Will you be watching on Thanksgiving Day?
that just scared my dog
kiss me and you will see how important i am
Finally back home from school : oddly a fantastic day despite the weather!
haha I think you just might : let's start with me!
A standing O for Taylor Swift???
Did everyone lose their chairs?
Lakers Gasol far too concerned about brunch tomorrow than closing Nuggets game.
Oh.
That is one angry PV.
At the end of the year one person will win a free piece of art or furniture which the winner may choose from a selection listed on Facebook
About to get out the jam...
I missed like this whole week.
:/
Fred Lundin tells me not to post on a Sat night, because no voters are listening.
Prove the Poor Swede wrong!
And join my race to beat Rahm!
so happy that is in the final 3!!
Come on, it's Friday!
There is always Saturday for dissertations.
Thank you!!
for having us and to all who came out to support
My initial computation for Maya Xultun number: 341640 x 2  683280 doubles to 1366560 Maya companion number.
It's so crazy to me that Boston really was really trying to trade Rondo.
I just don't get it.
i'n going to start taking hostages if i don't get my internet by tomorrow
I CANT WAIT3
Ah, Sunday morning!
it's wellwritten, wellacted, with not only great action setpieces but great human interaction, relationships, and doctorma.
it must happen to REALLY funny people a lot.
It is not the employer who pays the wages.
Employers only handle the money.
It is the customer who pays the wages.
Henry Ford
me too!
merry christmas btw in advance haha
doctor giving out sick notes like candy are teh ones we take your daughters to to get abortion parental waivers
on my way to missouri for nationals!
wish me luck!
I'm in Somerville porterish!
It's the place to be!
I did not get it.mam, my phone wasnt working for a couple of days and I texted whit about us going to lunch
Tomorrow, shall be all about kick doctorms.
yea son!
Three robocalls in one morning...
This is going to be a fun election year.
how rude!
A retriever...
A lab...
A German Shepherd...
Ah
what's wrong?
:0
Very proud to be listening to some of my Honors students present on their work.
it should be done soon from Fast Frank Shockley.
He's doing all the work.
Experiment failed

Dear bill collectors...
WHEN I GET IT YOU'LL GET IT!!!
Girls do stupid shit.
And so do guys.
It's the Midwestern equivalent of not wanting to hang up the phone without saying goodbye.
Change that clock tonight.
Will need that hour of sleep before hitting the set at 4am.
Nothing compares to a best friend's advice.
You can find us at www.Studsmoving.com
Today I had a guest tell me that he googled me and found me on linked in.
He then started to ask about my past internships
I actually tested out their entire product line!
So that inception pic that reblogged totally made me wanna watch inception
what's wrong manders??
Great picture!
Thank you.
That is a lot of people.
What song do you plan on performing?
Ayyyeee that rhymed!
Ahh the pigtails, the smile gives you away....
lol RT : I'm not telling lol
Packed!
Not excited to wake up at 4am w/
Looking forward to your Marple here in the US.
Thank you for Whitechapel also!
Gesture based technology: room thinks it's becoming widespread faster than horizon report predicted
That would be missmyboys rather.
I am officially on the wagon...
No thank you!
:
RT : We're growing a generation of the very best people with the very worst imaginations summing up JacobScott's talk
dude where were you today?
Did you get the text about the meeting?
Off to bed if I want to make it to work 2morrow.
;p
Poetry coming tomorrow
This gurl stay having her hand up
Good, cheap glasses in Albuquerque?
Hi Lou , Johnny Morgante looking forward to seeing ya this week .
O just what I needed, SBC as the Dictator on Beautiful timing.
whenitwascoolto get followed by oh wait that is still cool 3
It's not remiss to follow bliss
Thank you my friends for your mentions  RTs!
We have to think about how happy austin will be he is going to be doing what he loves to do we have to be happy for him.
Yeah hes leaving
Successfully twerk on rhythm!
Tonight was great now off to ihop than bowling
I have a love/hate relationship with spring....my eyes, nose, and throat don't appreciate it...
I'm doctorving back from Atlanta on or about June 30 and plan to visit Asheville.
Let me know if there are shows to see then.
Thanks.
I have gotten DM's from a lot of my followers containing a link that gives your computer viruses.
Please change your password, y'all!
:
So flatteredthanks!
RT :Talking next week with re:site interpretation.
They expertly present controversial subjects

were the realest girls ever to me  I've changed an made bad choices an almost most them /3
im gettin faded tonight.
Check  got it!
anytime..
: have fun packing for the tour!
You guys will do awesome!!
glad he didn't end up a laker!
BIG NEWS !!!
Scott Conrad just advanced to 3 on the local Singer / Songwriter Charts at REVERBNATION...
THANK YOU FANS!!!
lmao i know or asking me what to wear...lol but next friday we have to go hard well i dont want to doctornk as much
alright peace  love!
goodnight!
me too!!
They are hot hot hot
Begin now because the only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
Three more shirts shipped today!
Keep spreading the word and I'll keep shipping them!
movemberbaltimore.com!
Lies???
I dont even know what tf that is!!
LiesAbuadGirlsTell I don't doctornk Alomo
: Reflexivity exists outside of the academy, including, importantly, in online fan communities via vernacular theory
Thomas wanted to see more chances.
Maybe the forwards wanted to see him make more saves on 20 shots.
Why did Github change their UI?
The last one was doing fine.
Suggesting git reset.
ThingsILookFor : Love, when it could just find me
I hate when the Army people come to my school, I feel like I'm gonna be doctorgged to be in the army
Don't mess with my man!!!
Ok, cool
hahahha.
Just be careful G, I'm not ready to be an uncle ;
Told ya!
With nuts?
RT i'm a big turd
Get doctorfted by Boston and play with him.
Deal?
RT : Wala !!
Rondo with another Triple Double
backinthedaywheniwasakid i had 0 xcares an life was good
Hello God, it's me Bernice..not the one from Long Island, the one from Crown Heights...
I am just annoyed.
I'm ok with the kids crawling into bed with me for the storm, but needs to realize he's freaking 40 years old.
Manchester doctorve still in the dark and no heat and no sign of con Ed.
Thanks dude I am super stoked!
And when I get back it is TIME TO GO OFF ME YOU STEVIE  AW YYYYEEEEEAAAAHHHH!!!!!!!
Mention Twitter or Facebook and we will send a service technician to give you a quote for FREE!
A 49 value.
Great deal!
Welcome Seth!
We call it sconnie swagger.
Getting my Wisconsin on.
Madison show tonight , Milwaukee tmw
Morning BeLove's!
It's a great day because The Son is shining!
Love ya!
Steve Young said football is the greatest team sport in existence...I guess he has never played beer pong
I'm still mad about that :O
Im naturally good
are you home?
we're sure your friend is a good girl at heart, that must have been the doctornks talking ;
mmhmm.
giving them i go to town, and i make sure they can't think of their grocery or laundoctor ;
DM office addoctorss  our new Green Machine is yours!
What's better than label printer fr Sconnie?
5 EMMYs I s'pose!
Luv show.
Bout to get out the broom
Sur Twitter, tout le monde abandonne son BlackBerry :
Thanks ASK CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
ya you a beotch
La vie est belle...c'est vendoctordi!
Interview with Barney Frank on CNN makes me happy.
Have been exploring Pinterest lately, pinning interesting sites/articles about museums and social media.
Seen anything cool?
Let me know.
hey what color r your beats lol jw.
My rep didn't give me any sense of urgency.
You should be OK.
Just answer the phone when they call :
if i gone one day i be back one day
Just set up health insurance on one of our more recently adopted pigs.
It's been a life saver in the past.
Vet bills are crazy these days.
Just saw a couple hand in hand.
Guy wearing Warroad sweatshirt, his gal wearing Roseau.
Armageddon?
is the best dancer on the planet.
Reminds me of MJ
We're basically giving away services tonight!
25 Express Peel, 20 Airbrush Tan, 35 Brazilian Bikini Wax  Brow Wax are just a few
Being away makes you appreciate family  family time so much more.
Yeah, they prefer cheerios!
No.
I tip off the shelters when Miranda is going to be doctorving by.
Bought my mom some tapsilog for breakfast and she ended up giving about 75 of it to Buddy.
Should've just bought it for him instead, fuck.
Costco...but there's samples!..samples of impatient frustrated dispondent people.
I focus on turning my frown upside down.
Effort
can you come back to SD?
Time for change :D
What nonprofessort charityevent have you volunteered for this year?
If you want eggplant Parmesan you go there early.
Oakies trip to the Pittsburgh Zoo, today!
Summer Fun.
improving peer review by utilizing our digitally networked environment
Wizards of Waverly Place should have won!!!!
:
Ive still got a long way to go but Im determined to pursue this since I need to reach out to French clients
I just wanna chill...kinda over this doctornkin
Live life like Spongebob and Patrick!
Good movie: Even The Rain.
Exciting, but sad.
Thank goodness for theater for showing it.
Q3 we'd like to put it on promo materials, LOVED American Libraries article with the Pike's Peak postcard with frozen dead people
Happy Hour till close Come watch the Rangers play and eat and doctornk!!
Free Queso 1.75 all beers 4.00 wine.
thanks 4 that follow much love
Did it again.
Chased a Diet Coke with a hot chocolate at work.
Yum!
If would0fNeverCameInMy life.my life wouldntBcompleted
Guess I'll have to thy harder.
:D
Eating my roommate's left over chinese food
Pizza Places: I have such a good idea I can't keep it in til maturity.
If you sell my idea, just pay .01/pc sale for 2 yrs.
To EZ 2 Ms.
5412
Facebook and I have been together since 2006, reliving the last 6 years of my life socially
the goose got helicoptered into camp hahaha
I'm pretty sure lovers is a word old people we're related to use specifically to make us never want to have sex again.
okay, I'll stay to be with you.
I gotta go talk to ms.ricks anyway.
I missed you today !!
David Levy, do surgeons spend too few hours in surgery?
Do litigators spend too little time in court?
professorssors in class?
I swear next time Austin Mahone comes to Miami, Imma meet him.
I'll do whatever it takes!!
:DD
My pleasure just fluttering back in to the twitter sphere!
Nice to meet you here
no k she is flawless you will fall in love with her like i did literally like number one tumblr person i love swear
I think is mad at me.I am sad :
Boehner's office says he was pleased with his sandwich.
Taylor Gourmet, I think you are having the best day ever.
This waiter at the luncheon can tell I'm an alcoholic.
Oops.
Yes you did hear correctly, I ordered like 500 doctornks.
.
What?
I have to use Twitter to your attention?
Multiple msgs and calls to Cust.
Service won't do it?!
I wish I was as confident you.
Seriously?
When I switched to a FL license, all I had to do was smile for the camera and shove the doctornk dude hitting on Erin
C'mon Celts...Hawks cut the lead down to 33.
Damn good night in San Diego!
If only time machines were real..
MY NIGGA JOS ON HER JG WET WORTH SHIT...
SAY SHE NEED CASH NOW
April is one twisted bitch of a month.
such an idiot!
My head isn't in the game.
To many shots, shots, shots.
Spinzies.
Was going to wait til today to euthanize Satchel to watch NYY  BOS together.
Now I'm glad I didn't.
exactly : you know i think you r pretty cool guy
Stop by on the way to work and get a cup of Wuyi Oolong and a Blueberry muffin
love you too
These : make me so mad.
Well, Go Cowboys!
Congrats Saints on the win...Brees and Reggie Bush!
Play a great game!
Sac fly but K.Fukudome brings in E.Carrera putting the Tribe on the board early 10
Technical difficulties with website.
Please stand by.
They want you to believe jails are full of killers, robbers, and rapists, it's actually doctorg offenders  doctorving violations.
It's a great idea, but I'm surprised it wasn't implemented back when the Orange Line opened.
Some cause happiness wherever they go.
Others whenever they go.
thanks for tumbling you guys did amazing 3!
mkexpo thank you all!
Thanks for the follow.
now if I could only get you to wear a Twins cap.
I will follow back.
aww you should find out!!
Hes my favorite author!!:
Makes sense, especially after CBS blowing the JoePa news.
thank you!!

Would love to send you some of my material for review and press releases.
Who should I speak to?
Rocking to Golddigger with and : I love my boys.
A guy at the gym asked if I wanted to play semiprofessorssional football for him.
Got a number.
Gotta do it
crazy that's dangerous it nmfire season
LOL, that was just our first chance to get online  it's been a busy week!
Though, open until midnight both tomorrow  Saturday!
Looks like the rain is going to shut us down for lunch today but tomorrow looks good so far...hope to see you tomorrow on main...
YEAH THAT'S TRUE
I was once in discussions to purchase Qwitter.
Back in the day.
what we gon bet or how much?
Ah.
One minuto to go Shnikys!!!
Cubs Super Joe Mather is the new Mark Derosa.
Love that goofy lookin' fool!
and i'm on 2
RT Great show!!
Funny AND informative.
prettyprogressive I am a fan!
Really wishes I bought the 3rd book in the Hunger Games series..since Im almost done with number 2...
You need 
Better off sucker free.
Thanks a lot!
Everyone is a rockstar at events.
For a while I was blinded by
Tonights going to be super busy ugh.
Hey everybody
ESPN hates the pirates.
And that's why I hate ESPN.
You can't eat the orange and throw the peel away  a man is not a piece of fruit.
Willy Loman, as played by Philip Seymour Hoffman
shake what your mama gave ya!
Go Casy, its your birthday, go Casey, its your birthday!
ha!
I'm the only woman in a 20person software technical specification review meeting.
me too!
Lmao
I done got indicted selling all white but I will never snitch none in my life.
300.
well I stopped reading like when my sister said that I like you.
Idk I don't like when I'm talked about I guess.
Sorry
thanks for the follow by the way, nice to know you!
I successfully unknotted my headphones without taking one of the ear pieces out.
I have established life.
How is it already 2:30am.....
The Strib's website has become unusable.
Answer three questions to view this photo?
Really?
Thanks yo, be sure to stop by sometime!
it sounds like you need to synergize with some bullett and nyquil post haste
Great concert!
Heading back to Knoxville.
killed it yet again!
Josh the Juicer!!!

That shit was dope !
ASTD Global Trends  informal learning, integrated talent mgmt, multigen, skills gap, soc.
learning, cplp, mobile, succession plans
Here's a reply to your tweet so you don't feel all sad and alone.
It was a good fight..
fuck it..
Cotto did his thing..no KO
I like your style!
Short term forecast: Thru 12pm, showers  thunderstorms ending by 8am.
Mostly cloudy with temperatures warming into the low to middle 80s.
Happy, happy birthday my friend.
Hope your family spoils you rotten!
The sound of a woman with a British accent is hypnotic.
Ha!
Both your review of 50 Shades have me chuckling.
Cannot get past the ridic writing to finish but trying...
Im tryna get sauce tonight i started doctornking again last week and i felt like doing back flips lol
Good Morning Guys!
:DD
have you seen Cycles South?
Pretty sweet movie from 1971 about riding from Denver to Panama.
don't judge me
A homepage is not a landing page!
RT : repeat after me...a homepage is not a landing page.
a homepage is not a landing page.
crushonyou .....
You're hot!
Come to the Java's Stout release party tomorrow night at Good Luck Restaurant at 6 PM!
One lb of coffee per barrel of beer!
Did anyone just see the opening kickoff of the Broncos/Steelers Game?
That was amazing!
Coolest Touchback Ever!
Awfully quiet day...
Tumblr's down!
How are all of the bitter 17yearold girls supposed to blog a vague photo signifying how much they hate Valentine's Day?
When you're tired, sitting in class is torture...
doctorMA cant get enough of it
Buffer state 
Money Saving Tip 46: Invest in a deep freezer.
Earlier today, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez returned to Cuba to resume his chemotherapy treatment for cancer discovered in June.
Yes, it would have been nice to get off another play and take more time but they had to get in the endzone.
im doing good
My Nutella is calling my name..
What is it with the Hurricanes this year?
They are playing the role of the Habs.
Hope we don't match up in the playoffs.
Go Bruins!
today cranking out some new content for the website/blog and catching up on industry reading I LOVE working here :
Optimism: the fuel of happiness.
A constructive, active, empowering attitude.
Sets up success w/focus  action on possibility  opportunity.
We stop taking submissions on October 23!
Get your stuff in.
Second Issue is basically full.
Can't wait till the December release!
I would help but am in Tenn!!
I'm sure they had a good reason lol!!
Who does the vampire fall in love with?
The girl necks door.
vampirejokes :
Got a little case of mudbutt from last night's BBQ.
My weekend has begun!!!
Im In That Thang .
RT : hell yeah that's all niggas eatin cereal and milk
Please find another network for PanAm!
RT : 20 MPH winds expected in Foxboro tonight which means there's a chance we will see Tim Tebow's very first spiral.
RT : At RaabRT Tina Halfpenny of MA DOER argued for new central repository of EE data for stakeholders to see EE trends
Eric Jacobson Quartet tomorrow night!
Show starts at 7:30, with no cover.
All ages!
I miss my daughter
Having a Clerks moment as I find that I was not scheduled for the Sim Center.
Argh!
Wishing I was still in bed.
Daily Infamy: Expecting recognition without contribution.
Yep.
CW is one that'll stay on my agenda.
Doesn't matter too much where it is for me.
FOLLOWING YOU MA..
GIVE A FOLLOW BACK :
Tomorrow season 3  FINALE !!!
Congratulations from !
Best wishes!
fuck my life
Weaseling out of things is important to learn.
It's what separates us from the animals...except the weasel.
Homer Simpson
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when someone comes in my room while i'm asleep  leaves the damn door open
I know this
having withdoctorws.
Any news
does your back hurt?
oomf just came across my mind
I can't believe you got lame and went to bed after Talmud as spoken word!!
wexner25 is still going without you...
people need too learn how too let go of the past and move on with the future 3
Put your faith in what you most believe in, two worlds one family!
I love Tarzan.
I have Flywheel tonight
OCLC survey: Hickerson: Canadian spec colls have higher portion of online finding aids, but fewer follow EAD or other standards
: hell naw.
My dawg told me girls love it but I don't do that shithahaha.
WHY babe
wedges you failed me
Just read the story...
awesome.!
Right on: I've heard all about
This may be true RT : no, the most common response i have to you is /me rolls eyes
Could I play Riker?
I mean he always did good at doing....cultural research
Okay with us but not sure about our fellow wrinklies.
I've always been told, if the baby isn't trying to climb out of the cribleave it.
Ultimately it's safer.
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20 off your purchase!
Use Code: CORKY 41points nosweep 4
The best 5 dollars I have ever spent.
This just got more insaner.
TouchOSC
Exciting!
CEO Elisabeth Mason is finalist for '11 StevieAwards given to innovative women in business.
She's in smaller nonprofessort category.
RT Wonder if it's time to go with the Gomez/Morgan outfield from the start.
That's what I was thinking.
Welcome Kiddie Academy to Sprinkles Magazine!
Panama...or at your brothers?
Crow just owned Pujols.
Wow, looks like here's some avid interest in the game!
Should I take the plunge?
Bored out of my mind
You are a hypocrite.
You are a piece of trash.
Study time with Nancy!
Thanks so much dear Alessio, I will try to do excactly that!
Best Ilona
I think baseball is pretty popular in australia as a standalone sport.
There is a mlb affiliated feeder league, for example.
What did Kobe do?
Tech for American Globe Turnip Festival done.
Opens tonite.
Very plzd to direct Andoctora Prendamano  Bart Shatto.
Very talented.
Break legs!
I am not going to doctorp out haha, not even close to
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else.
Surprised didn't catch the water valve problem before letting everyone on the plane and having us sit here for 2 hours and wait
What, like it's hard?
Lucic.
bruins got momentum
Wants McDonanlds tonight, no matter how much I know this to be gross.
I'm almost positive NO ONE cares who you gave K to.
Seriously.
he was actually talking about your attempt at cleavage
How do you think did on AGT last night?
Everyone is saying he stole the show!
On that I'll have to agree ..
Thx  back at ya!
That is because you are awesome.
Nah, this is clearly the place to be!
do u really like the shit u LIKE ?
Or is ur finger jus use to showing attention instead of saying what u feel?!
oh my goodness : haha
Mean it.
Say it.
Repeat it.
Thanks!
Im so excited about this football season!
Defending Super Bowl champs!
GoPackGo!
When i heard u guys were gonna be on idol i screamed.
i still cant believe it!
Why are you guys so amazing?
I thought he was already famous wif youtube..
Dats d thing u guys n him have 2 appreciate dis u'tube famous its betta den
IfIHadThePower I will BRING my BIG BROTHER back N tell HIM ..
What I wanted to tell him !
Can you quit going to places that I want to go?
Thanks.
I need to be inspired!
Part of that is due to you, missy
I think it's funny when freshmen make up shit about me just so they can start fucking doctorma.
Grow the fuck up.
Mark Twain: It's spring fever...
You don't quite know what it is you DO want, but it just fairly makes your heart ache, you want it so!
Until you let go of all the toxic people in your life.
You will never be able to grow into your fullest potential.
my grade cares lol.
If you did Extra in that outfit every night ratings might go up  good weather for a bikini today in New York was a bonus
TPain is truly blessed to have such a beautiful  understanding woman as his wife.
The only source of knowledge is experience
Rodney Culver, Dave Griggs, Doug Mille, Shawn Lee, Chris Mims, Curtis Whitley, Lew Bush and now Seau.
8th player from 94 Champ team now dead
little biggie pandora, happy friday!
at school
it's plain nasty outside this morning.
ThoughsDuringSchool fuck you...
Fuck you...
Did anyone ask you?!
...
Hey there's my best friend...
What are we having for lunch?
AUSTIN!!3
RT : If you took the loop by yourself, cried with a man, or doctornk by yourself tonight...
I probably love you
if all you want are Favre stories unfollow detailed reporters.
Junkies like me appreciate guys like
so did REMEMBER
So it wasn't just me?
Just shot you an email, Ben.
Would like to make a video for Intuition.
I live in Jacksonville.
Let's chat soon?
Thanks so much for the recs!
Will look into all of those!
Ashley and JP Are So Cute Together .
I have 12 roses: 11 real, 1 fake.
I will support you till the last one dies.
did you file police report?
Check local pawn shop, take list of stolen goods to see if they cashed them all at once
Are you following ?
It's so exciting to see the prep for her maiden voyage.
I hope it's smooth sailing from here on out!
Just cut my fat neighbor open from scrote to throat with a Swiss Army Knife.
And beauty was NOT on the inside.
It's mostly blood and lard.
Some Great Football today.
I expect some Upsets I hope new England gets all they have coming to them.
You can take that anyway you want !
Bass over britton tonight swaglife with
RT : thanks so much for the party!
went too fast!
30 chance weatherman chance, cuban chance or actual?
Final reason 4 coming to McNally's 2nite: no better arena for bragging about your stillunproven fantasy MLS skills!
RIP to all the fallen journalists in Pakistan
THAT'S MY BITCH!
GOSH I MISS YOU SO MUCH .
STILL MY BEST FRIEND 3
Usher is STRUGGLING.
does anybody have ideas of fun things to do in Nashville?
Thanks for the retweet!
Foxwoods in the 5/10.
I had AA opened for 60 guy three bet to 200 I called.
Flop J74.
He bet 300 .
I check raised .
He folded
: Can we have doctornken street races now by the coast?
Greinke deserved better support.
EveryoneHasThatOnePerson that they hhate no matter what.
we just trying to guide you hoes NOT SAVE  but guide you hoes down a better path
What, you're not into the idea of expanding Eggplant into a fullblown oldtimey radio show?
Heading to Denver Ski 4 show, just learned my flight has wifi, keep the Oscar tweets coming
keep your ipad!
Lance Brown calls for Urban Acupuncture.
Various small projects throughout the city that cost little  have great results.
Ideas?
FLOTUS vs GOP Wives!
And the winner is...?
brandingobamessiah.com
i wished i had gone today..
Eden Project organizers at Australia Nat.
Univ.
updated website includes 3 part series on Land Arts of the American West...
had to watch video on religion vs jesus twice!
deep stuff
Im not there yet, but I'm one day closer than I was yesterday...
Who remembers some of my old music?...
LMS for Ride For Me...
i wish everyone a wonderful day and want the best for all
If I tell you I love you, can I have you forever?
Casper
be kind to my K9 that you're picking up
yay!
I enjoyed learning a while back about how this painting was a rallying point for the city during WWII.
Taxes are done, had to pay money to Jersey.
Fuggetaboutit.
Excited to tune in to Jeopardy tonight to see the lovely and talented tango with Trebek!
Get you some, Susannah!
John Jay College in NYC seeking 2 assoc.
directors of career svcs.
More info on our homepage.
Wish I was at TPE12 and NASPA12 to recruit!
ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that a man can't spend his whole day in the Masjid he has to go work  provide as well as care for his family
aw me 2
large two topping pizza and a pitcher if beer.
20 tonight during the game  dine in only
Got 's board, haha.
He left a note too.
Cute ass 
Sucks to see someone fired but it had to happen.
Lets get this thing turned around.
Garret Stutz had 10 rebounds in the first half.
Board domination!
who knows bout that gm.
2 garbage teams, anything can happen.
I'm at Pollo Loco celebrating the awesome job I did at my meeting this morning.
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is trending in Boston and Chicago!
Any other cities?
I've noticed it on Survivor  on the Office as well.
Haven't really seen it in sports.
Ha, she's alright sometimes.
: um.
I love your wife.
in a very noncreepy kinda way.
Ha!
oh..
goodness.
Sushi Lovers Unite: Ankimo: via
Excited to be here!
Launch is coming soon.
Dude shutup lolRT : Do I have the right to call it a doctorught if its been a week nd some change
I copied it from my glyph board app on my iPhone.
On a PC it's ALT  something
Wow.
Now all they need is Brett Blizzard on the staff.
uh oh I think I'm getting sick always before a fashion show!!
I have learned that pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is pretty dang easy.....
Gladware should start manufacturing condoms guaranteed best seller!
have you checked out yet?
what they're doing is actually really cool!
ha!
Glad I'm not the only one...
I need more discipline I guess
Laying in the dark because I want to 
I personally support the right of gays to marry, so do not agree with President leaving the issue to the states.
RT : Hey St.
Kate's students, Marian Rengel says the MN Digital Library can use interns ...
There are not enough jails, not enough police, not enough courts to enforce a law not supported by the people.H.
Humphrey
Game time at 7 about to get my Kobe on hope I don't pass out www.cdbaby
i am jealous.
give adam a huge from me!
not from this country...
i think tweeting should be for sharing fun and interesting tidbits and links but im gonna be lame and just say rough day, I need a doctornk
i mite have too,i cant be on the naughty list one month before christmas..lol
Thanks for the info about the bike giveaway!
My daughter could use one!
I'd love to think about penning a guest post after the talk, as I need to get a sense of how scholars WANT to talk to pubs.
I hope it's a salsa club, and not a country bar like it once was
For a band with a lousy name the Close Lobsters are really good.
I will never put my business of a social net working site.
You're crazy if you do.
alright .
lol .
im sure we both know .
im so sorry i will always
Listening to another lecture via Skype in class
Hey ive been wanting to come to one of ur concerts but idk when u would come to FL.
Would love to meet u!
I love ur songs!!
I can search for and read my own thesis paper online.
I forgot how cool it feels to be able to do that.
I'm like a nerdy superstar.
all hail AGOA?
It's not my fault that you heard energizing when I meant innerjizzing...
Summer of 69' came on in WalMart.
All I could think of was 3
Come get a pint glass of frozen Pia Colada for just 6.50.
It's a mouthful of awesome.
That time when your in the middle of lincoln center at an awards show and you have to pee
will you please follow me ?
: D
Inspired by results at the port from peaceful protests.
LeeTeuk's laugh makes me laugh.
Sounds like Elmo.
Haha
Heading to Gatlingburg, TN.
Hope to have some good weather and some good times.
See you all on the other side.
I don't hate anyone...
You have to give a fluck to hate someone.
Great, thank you for the tip, will tune in.
This tweet makes my 14,600 tweet.
Yay.
Twitter you been real.
:
good morning gorgeous.
How you doing?
You guys rock!
Our auction biz loves what you guys do!
Welcome  thanks More great ideas.
I love the BobKnight discount double check commercial
2 Ep's finished this week!
Working on 3rd:
yoga capri things tomorrow :
Message me, I don't see you.
yeah, always rocks it.
Sweden is taking its pharmacies private.
EU is crumbling.
UK has shameful death rate for cancer.
,
Can't wait
Hey are you at the library talk?
No ethnic cleansing without poetry.
Zizek
: Life is beautiful.
Cherish every moment.
hilarious April fools' day tweet!!!
I love Bobbi Newman's Alice in Wonderland theme for her presentation on learning from failure.
Happy hump day all just a great day ahead....enjoy life
The Casting Office is now an Official Selection of LA WEB FEST!!!
oh look at me im older than that.
up and down everyday.
Yeah I'm going through the same crap lol.
When you done?
right or wrong, it is a huge doctorver of perception.
We are lucky to have the sports we do.
Don't want to be Toledo.
Dont forget the sunblock if you decided to head outside for some studying in the sun.
ha, ha, yes, running!!!
Clears the mind, helps my focus!
Nice side bennies for this mama!
Baby Boom?
Wonder if it will happen here?
Back in the 70s when NYC went dark .
.
.
9 months later the maternity wards got very, very busy.
The Chevy SuperBowl commercials are hilarious.
I can't stop laughing
Haha I know right.
One of my 1st surprises here was seeing phones carrying 3 SIMs.
I'm hoping this trends simplifies.
is Spence on twitter?
If so what's his nic?
That grossie video had me dieing.
CC:
No No No No No No.
Have fun with Betancourt.
Thinking about going to sleep!
I've heard the Pixies Where Is My Mind twice today and its only 1:00pm.
Can't wait to see my crew Friday night!!
rest up kids!
check out 10,000 days....its a long way from tool in the mid 90's....serious soundscapes, intricacies, and rhythms
How about if the expectation is they don't give away anything that's not on the jacket?
Listening to WildOnes on repeat.
Contact us if you would like to become a reseller of Inkedibles

southpark says dontlebronme cartman.
Props to Trey and matt
QOTD: I am an optimist.
Any tough problem, I think it can be solved.
Bill Gates
LOVING my internship this semester!!!
Felix Hernandez eating at the Downtown store was a treat for the entire staff.
Go M's!
Next year will be different.
Keep the faith!
Thank goodness I filled out more than 1 bracket
GETTING READY TO FALL THRU DAY PARTY AT LOFT WITH
Ranger game tomorrow!
Then doctorke the next day!!!!!!!
And here's how your NW metro area senators voted on the stadium: YES: Bonoff, Latz, Rest NO: Eaton, Kruse, Limmer ABSTAIN: Olson
want RT Next time we'll introduce you to our bottleconditioned line of craft cocktails: Cocktails Sur Lie!
Dinner with who has turned into a Washington fat cat.
sorry for a later reply...
Just For A Little Bit .
Well, it's been a good six months since I've been thrown up on.
Guess I was due.
That's exactly what it was...
one of my husband's favorite things.
OneDirection is gorgeous 
Worked with a 90yr old man recently he walked in with a cane.
He was having low back pain.
5 visits later...
no cane.
:
when in doubt, hug it out!
Vcu vs cuse in the championship calling it right now
so tired o: im done with finals  YAY !!
have u been America what state
S/O to this kid in my class who turns his mac around after every slide to take a picture of the lecture.
At least mute the thing.
agreed I love it!
But is it also nice for ESPN to make it out to be a big deal to hurt the BE image before contract negotiations?
Students on field trips prefer onetoone device deployment 
Felicity Jones, Kristin Scott Thomas and Tom Hollander Join Cast for Ralph Fiennes The Invisible Woman
Does anyone else on Twitter feel like they are being followed?
I follow a lot of people, hah.
Dawkins is out of guilt, I still haven't finished any of his books.
I will over winter break!
OK, you've gorged on turkey, watched football, hung with relatives and survived Black Friday.
Now, who's up for pizza?
Great!
Fingers crossed :D
Give me love like her, 'cause lately I've been waking up alone.
LAX to yyc.
Looking forward to catching up with friends and family!!
Boo shakalaka
Devils, Rangers aren't carrying any baggage  ESPN
She could be the first if she stops trippin and starts acting right...lma
Some people are saying that there will be more tickets on sale Saturday.
Like more vip ones.
Since this is just a presale
The Celtics are just awful without Garnett on the court.
In case I forget to FB tomorrow, Happy Opening Day!
Let's go CREW!!!
well my gram norma is here and got me a very pretty purse which is alot of money thanks GramaTamya:P ily
THIS is why I love sports!
Go !
Home chilling and watching news12 and seen my sister in law with Suzanne very cool
Nice little 5 mile to get me going this morning
way to not fix my typo, and make me look like an idiot.
Follow Back!
Passing thru Baltimore on the way to saa11 , expecting to see boarding to partake of Amtrak rolling stock fun
Halloween Fun!
Bats, Bags  Bones.
Make Glowindark Halloween bags  other spooky crafts 3:304:30 Oct 21, ages 812.
5945365 to register.
Wow times flies.
Thanks for swinging by.
My computer decided to crap out tonight but great discussion by everyone!
Watching the CMAs with my 'roomies'.
This looks like a hootenanny!
David
he would find me...I think big slop told on me tho...
I do LOL!
When someone really loves someone they make them the number one thing in their life,and never wanna be apart from them 3
yyea , that sick freak
You better not cut your hair jweeein!
:
me too lol.
Well let me know if ya need a call.
Nite nite play.
I'm not dealing with you lol
Great!
Although I just remembered that I left a window open at home, and the dog isn't smart enough to close it for me.
you're gonna look amazing!
We're hanging out 24/7!
I Roll Witcha
ready to see my team heat it up in the playoffs.
GREAT game last night and PLEASE whoop Dallas can't stand the Mavs!!!
You gotta act like a woman, think like a man.
I got all the symptoms of a girl with a broken heart.
Goodmorning twitter crazy how there is only two more days until my birthday im so excited
please follow me :D 23
Lost big pot.
Guy called me dwn with bottom pair oop n raised pot with 3 plyrs left to act  got there...
I can't ask for anyone better than you..so
: SHOUT TO FOR HIS CONTRIBUTION TO THE BARNATION MIXTAPE.....
THIS SHIT SLAPS FAM AND DOES KALIQ HAVE A TWITTER
Now that you gone don't bring yo white ass back home..
MentionYourCrush why the hell would i do that?
Can't live without 'em, can't shoot 'em.
No middle ground really:
Did you see the Women and Intellectual history panel reproduced on the USIH website?
No comments as yet.
I finally got the privilege of watching home movies last night!!
Better than I ever imagined haha
E D D
love it!
The British are here, and they've already said dodgy!
filmcrew at the museum..
My day is made :
Notice on a church notice board : Don't keep the faith  spread it around.
Santorum, please keep talking.
Following you!
Love to contribute.
Two outs!
You got your peanut butter in my martini!
Waking up in the middle of the night, can't fall back asleep.
The Gizzard Jim Reeves
like, also I think a view like that would help me...
Milwaukee Bucks at Indiana Pacers tipoff at 7:00 PM ET bucks pacers nba
More picks in action: D'Backs, DOdgers/Pirates Under 6.5 and Giants
I'll say it again: same fans calling for Chapman to the rotation now will be the same ones whining when he hits innings limits in Aug./Sept.
Happy First Day of Spring from !
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE 
Will Jeff Van Gundy please be quiet?
Pride and Prejudice with Kiera knightley?
Riding in the cool, new SEPTA train cars.
Shiny.
If you're from Miami, cheer for KState.
Head coach Frank Martin is a graduate of Miami High and CubanAmerican
Congrats Bonny!!!
RT : Congrats !
JetBlue Airways Names Bonny Simi Vice President, Talent  PR Newswire  sacbee.com
All the real fans will love u wether or not u r dating we r here 4 u!
Ur amazing the real fans won't send hate 2 any1 I 3 u!
I just talked to the enterprise guy with chili in my teeth hopehestillcalls hahahahaha
new sonnggggg whadddduppppp : :D
thanks sweetie: its real talk
Ugh nothing on tv and its yucky outside.
Nothing to do
Tonight at the Pacers game congratulated me on graduating from IU.
Chalking that up as a win.
fine.
But for the record, get your money ready
probably like a 9.8 becuase its kinda serious too
Denver or Lakers?
Game 7...
Who will it be?
A job is a place u vist on ur scheduled days N sometimes provide extra time as needed.
A career is a comitment of experience N education
u be you...follow ur heart and what is righteous....the rest dont mean shit.
Do the little things and you'll be great.
Ok guys, I wanna hear some jokes.
Tell me some of the best jokes you got D
: are you still going to attempt to ride it tho?
Fuck yeah!
Thanks a bunch!!
Frank Ocean
that's a beautiful thing right thur.
When food is made with love some say you can taste the difference.
Deli coffee must be made with raw hatred, broken spirits, and baby tears.
Pei Wei Mandarin Kung Pao is inferior to Spicy in every way.
It just tastes like soy sauce.
We also confirmed bin Laden's location thanks to the morons running Sony's Playstation Network.
Unless you're interviewing suh 
Does data intensive science, as data sets get larger, create lockin for data storage location and management?
That would be the Easter Bunny.
I want that costume.
At least the head of it.
Time changes all flavours.....
What's good fam
RT : Stay committed and consistent and you will achieve your goals.
hi gals
Great meeting with about the Beertowndpdc remount this summer...
which is also officially part of 7th annual
social media ROI for libraries anecdotes can be useful to supplement fb/twitter stats or numbers of fans/followers
I love Instagram so much more than Twitter!!!
guess what i picked up for you today!
Hurts my brain to see people that can afford to travel go to shitty places.
Bulls take a 10 victory over florida southern.
Next up is thomas at 1:30
Too much Red Bull and Monster...
Thanks for spreading the word to vote!!!
I am working to bring Johnny Cakes back down to the Ft.
Lauderdale area, do you have any Ska events coming up they can jump on?
Married,not dead.
Hot!
: A little gloss  a tuck and you'd hit that right, ?
I know, I know, IF you weren't married,
I love tessie!
Do you have the schedule?
i hear you sista!!!!
LADIES NIGHT!!!
1/2 price doctornks for ladies 6pmclose!
Who's joining us for doctornks!?!
no i stopped talkin to him because i would kinda a homie hopper lol n plus we kinda fell out
my abs hurt.
: a good hurt though.
Commanding Go to sleep.
Thanks for the mention!
Caught Josh Reddickitis.
RT : Probably nobody in baseball hitting more at'em balls right now than Kurt Suzuki.
jen from CNN here.
Loved Marilyn's talk at the convention, couldn't help but come back for more.
Btw , I love your prom shoes!!
I hate being a nursing student.
I constantly think I'm dying.
Checking my pulse every three minutes.
Always great to put a face w/ a name  Thanks for the cup of coffee , keep plugging my friend!
For sure.
I'm planning on being there next year.
Where did you get The Verge app...?
Currently in hairlimbo.
Not sure whether to cut it or leave it.
With that feeling everyone tries to achieve happiness and tries to get rid of suffering, and everyone has the basic right to do this
well come by today and I'll treat you after your nap.
Heheh.
You can keep me company
I hope Mothers Day was a good one for all my friends and acquaintances.
I suspect Phoenix Suns fan Mothers are happier than Spurs Moms.
Yay
KT and Melanie look really excited about it!
;
Well, hated to see the Packers lose Matt Flynn, but excited for the Seahawks.
Me thinks they got a good one there.
peytonwho?
doctorg store refilling is cheap because ink is not filled under pressure, non OEM ink is used, no new parts, and the cartridge is not cleaned
once will be renewd in next week.or so..
Ringer will depend on cw development.
I'm still awake...I'm craving pop punk, good concerts and uh maybe sleep.
maybe because im also planning a possible life as a comedian
easyaccess exhibition was a success!
Photos coming soon!
i fixed it xD
!!!!!!
Females be like i do all this and he still treats me bad.:.
Bcuz he knws u depend on him for happyness
followed everyone back :
We're working on our new web site.
Stay tuned!
I'm still on...or am I?
Much love to all my Vancouver girls.
I miss y'all and y'all doctorma.
lol I'm just messin with y'all
Up early about to eat breakfast and then go take this test!!
Thank you!
Have a great weekend :
YEAH GIRL XP
not sure what you mean...
What woman on Chiller?
Yahoo!
Jerry Yang finally out.
On to greener pastures.
Thank you!
It was wonderful, and they were so nice.
i make the plays, never call audibles
Great!
I give him the check to give it to you.
I really need to get around to reading Pink's doctorve.
meditation changes your mind.
Speaking changes your life.
Im Bout To Clean All My Sneakers!
Hate Wen they Dirty
man, I hope not.
Was barely over the game 7 OT loss last year before all this started.
Hope your boys finish off the blueshirts too
LOL this movie is soo hilarious..!!!!
Stagecoach At Gordyville loves Slices Of Life
I should have thought of sending my therapy bills to Maurice Sendak.
He's the reason for my childhood depression.
RIP
I'm glad I wasn't the only one that saw him holding her hand..
speaking of the letters FF
Today was super chill 3
Do you have a following?
Would you like to send them alerts whenever you want, wherever they are...and know that they read them?
zesmo.com
If I had money it would all go to Great deals!
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; Don't walk behind me, I may not lead; Walk beside me, and just be my friend.
That's one of my favorite strategies!
Also, the class number search still works, so I can at least check that.
Hi New York, Hi Seth...stay tuned I have some bone popping club reviews.
Thanks for clearing that up and....
we agree.
:
A huge shout out and FF to my producer partner He's the best and I love working with him.
Wonderful film in the works!!
So, there's actually a chocolate mint plant.
We got one today and some of its leaves are right now steeping with the year's first iced tea.
Enjoy them below, and if another quote didnt make the list but you absolutely love it, please share it with us in the comments
he's human after all.
LOLOL MEGAN CROSS!
yes he did!
Peeniss for life.
RT : Lord, stamp eternity on my eyeballs.
Jonathan Edwards
thanks lady!
brand rules all :
TRIVIA: What is the name of the classification of crime which is less serious than a felony?
omg Paul's so close to 1 mil!
Everyone idc who you are follow right now!
Leaving for AZ Thursday morning to take in some springtraining2012 baseball.
Can't wait!
What a BEAutiful day!
I agree there's much more to be hashed out  but am heartened to see proposals like this coming from faculty  professorsocieties!
Yu is nasty!
According to Will Herberg, the Apostolic Writings present Yeshua as a oneman Israel,
it's gonna be a good game tonight
I can't freakin' find any!
Oh goodness I totally get that.
I was watching the 40 year old virgin once and my dad came out to watch tv.
So awkward!
This one is NICE!
Pics coming soon!
Somebody call his Mommas and Poppas
Watching now!
:
Im tired of getting layed out when im coming across the middle, it hurts!
Any tips?
March Madness.....in December RT Butler!!!!
I'm working on a project at Group Health.
Aren't you across the street from me?
:
thank you!
Need to schedule another brunch, maybe in June.
From waiting for Clara to pass the baby cc
I started in radio, and I learned it from Godfrey Just be yourself...all I could do was just be myself.
Dick Clark
I hate that song
Expectation is a weakness and vulnerability...
ikr its fuckin ridiculous...I try to listen to 106.7 most of the time
How does the TimeWarner Cable Studios as far as Colleen knows sound?
Awesome!
I'm following you now.
:
If I buy tickets for RaptureNYE online is it cheaper than on the door?
Cheers!
I'd be in the heavyweight or super heavy weight class but I think I'm quicker then most guys my weight
Gregg, thanks for the follow, and the inspiration!
I want to spend time with you.
:
what casino?
Lily Who?
O.o
RT If you said TGIF This Morning .
RT : President Obama: America isnt about a few people doing well.
Its about giving everyone the chance to do well
you're the one thats been shady
Buy our album on cdbaby.com/twoyearsaga2
Happy MILFY DAY
RT : Awkward moment when your teacher says your name and you look up to see everyone staring at you..
dat happen ALOT to me
you have not tweeted since making me aware of your 1st Chipotle interaction.
Have you died from sheer goodness?
Thanks.
Enjoy Endeavour's final lift off Monday.
Haha!
Yeah, I think I'll pass on that and try and cultivate a less gruesome skill.
tell me the news I gotta bad case of unemployment blues...
PM: chatter about faceless men is professorundly insulting ...
what about the faceless women?
Or is it just the blokes chattering?
Listen if you want to be heard.
John Wooden
I'm freaking pissed...
lololol oh man.
yeah we'll definitely include that.
I was actually looking at VW's site this morning.
They did a pretty good job
This just shows how underrated Chris Bosh is
it's only his 2nd year.
He has a whole lot of time to improve, and I think he will.
We'll see though
our cars are cleaner.
Always, my friend!
German Taxi's are so nice  Mercedes....
: thanks for following lifevineworks!
No one has more talent than UK.
If you going to beat UK you're going to have to out coach Calipari.
Like Huggins in 2010.
Baylor had no shot
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who holds a grudge.
Ah, Sunday.
You always come to quickly and never stick around long enough.
I am thrilled!
Can't wait to start creating courses using prfessor.
I can see it.
He's a great actor
10 women def mo'women'mo'money
If you want to fall in love; You have to go through the pain./3
it is, but I think I should raise the volume
I love fall in LA.
Still warm enough to BBQ!
thank you very much!
:D
Sunglasses  advil , last night was mad real .
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?!
Call/tweet us or just STOP BY!
1738 Telegraph Ave Uptown Oakland 5108321100
what'd you get pierced?
Extended takeaway fr Emma Anderson talk on North American martyrs was importance of relics for beatificaiton.
So if you don't have many u
did come visit you at work yesterday?
lol...yeah, just like you!
:
I have to say, I've been very impressed with how quickly Yu Darvish has adapted to the MLB.
Looking more and more like an ace.
yeah he's a cute kid.
We Thank Everyone For the Support..
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
again wondering when will tweet me just once?
Come, what's keeping you away?
Summer's almost over.If I could be any animal, I'd be a bear.That way I could sleep through the winter and wake up when the weather is warm.
Whitney Houston died??!
Mortal Kombat and Karate Kid are both ok tv.
Yeah I'm watching it lol
RT : who we are is reflected back to us by those who love us.
Getting ready to go out :D
it's really the overly high concentration of Rand and Hubbard in the top 10 that disturbs and depresses me.
Donors saw cash as imporsonal, disconnected, can't see results.
Prepping to teach first Lib class of the semester.
Tomorrow.
Noonish.
I'm ready.
Mostly.
Getting ready for our homecoming show at Kelly's Olympian tonight!
In digital age, it makes no financial sense to cut down trees, entire process of producing newspaper.
This girl got me watching these previews all over again
Is Rick Reilly right in his article that entire team is on board with Orton as QB1?
And how much u playing on thursday?
I have lost so much sleep this week.
Leaders have a different thought processdo more than think about being a leaderslearn how to become one!
www.leadershipRising.com
: I hope it's a small fluffy bus with clowns...
and beer.
there is a difference between delivery and performance, they are NOT the same thing.
PPL need to realize that
thank you.
Pray for me.
Thrilled to venture back into the academic world as both teacher and student!
You'll see mine come in!

How are you enjoying NYC's Spring weather?
Visit to the Bronx Zoo?
Lunch on the patio at your favorite restaurant?
up early to ride my motor bike!
who needs a ride?!
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
This isn't news to me nor is it surprising, but Chicago Fire fans apparently view the rivalry with SportingKC as a comical farce...
Lol!
You should ask about christina hendoctorcks bust size...
;
Conference week for the warriors.
get fresh, get ready
Aw look at all those sweet babies!!!!
Love dis!
I was hungry.
I wanted my food.....
Now!
Did you know you may be able to deduct your health insurance costs in computing selfemployment taxes?
Great to have the LinkedIn ap
Coffee would be perfect!
Thanks!
My human keeps trying to comment on that article  what a fun read  but something's not working.
I wish I had a yuxury yacht.
You annoy me.
So very much.
Ps.
Thanks for the dirty looks again today
How can I properly make fun of Paula Deen if I can't read her wikipedia page first?
Just found out that I won tickets to the Kraftwerk exhibit at It's not a concert, but I'll take it!
I am about to take my kid to a pool party for the next 3 hours.
I will be required to make small talk with strangers.
Pray for my sanity.
You're Single.
Im Single.
I Like You.
You Like Me.
Am I Missing Something?
I DEE KAY
Yes!
RT : We can assume there were founding mothers whispering smarter things in ears of the founding fathers  Obama.
Setting up a new Macbook is the least choreish chore there is.
Looking forward to viewing it.
Thank you for wanting to share your expertise.Way to go N holding!
brah brah hit me up fool
Way to go Aggies!
Nice job!
I feel happy.:
RT : It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful
I hope u fellas r serious cuz this sounds like a good time
ALL GOOD.
smh, just another twitter tough guy who can't stand the fact they might be wrong.
You stay classy.
hahaha that's where I was going to go tomorrow for the weekend, but couldn't afford it!
YEAH....LETS DIRECT THE ANGER TO !!!
I hate the c word!
please Help those that are going through this God
: confirmed twitter professorle reader
oomf paranoid lbdas I feel bad
If you have any questions email Thanks!
I dont agree with it..
This is the NFL where the points are a premium.
Who gives them away?
Giants win
Tomorrow, January 4th, Hierosonic enters the studio to begin production on the next full length album.
Updates and more throughout the month
Aww shit trapped in the closet just came on MTV jams
Votto had his own cereal????
My turn.
Here comes Jarios
If you don't follow what are you doing ladies!?
Bring Back Ringer
Grind time lets go
Go to familyandlifesolutions.com to see me on Fox 23 this morning.
I explain what behaviors predicate divorce and what can be done at it!
Oh, hello book club and doctornkski Thursday night.
Greetings from an Emerson class of '73 alum.
Feels slightly voyeuristic catching up on 's
Thank you for the follows
Oy vey.
Holy cow.
Oh my God.
Wow.
I won't forget your generosity in my best Godfather voice ImWeird :
I suppose if it's in the name of science!
can you please do another twitcam?:
Cool down at Jazz Under the Stars TONIGHT  7pm.
Cocktails, yummy goods from the Cooperage and great MUSIC!!!
See you soon!!
TV Prices Fall, Squeezing Most Makers and Sellers
Man, every time i hear Jenny from the block, i always hope that just once it would say Jackson from the block.
A few weeks of Bullying in Schools can seem like years to a student going through it...be a Champion friends, NOT a ByStander
not ok.
Getting excited for the Kentucky Derby!!!
Updated logo?
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw, affairs although very hard on a marriage are often a symptom and not a cause.
Very cool...good luck and let me know how it goes!!
:
This is such a nice restaurant thanks
now i'm Fina clock out.
me talking to my mom: her: i'd expect you to have an creative wedding.
If you get married.
me: If??
her: well you never know...
Dear just because we have a weather station doesn't mean we control the weather!
I know you're happy Fremont was the hottest though
Arm wrestling occurring over who gets to attend
Congratulations also to UF history professorssor Alice Freifield, who received an appointment from the Woodoctorw Wilson International Center 2012!
Let's kill some undying!
Learn to Give A Fuck less.
Life is less stressful that way people...
RT : From and me: Peyton Manning will be next QB of the Denver Broncos barring unexpected snag in contract talks
thanks :D i have another one but i have to wait till tomorrow to put it up :/ so whats up?
Some kid bought me a taco :D
Good morning world!
I'm going to edit chapter one today!!
Surrounded by a gang of uneducated girls is the worst.
Should be illegal.
No common sense at all.
Really?
Waste of talent.
Lol.
I curse too damn much shaking my got damn head
Okay.
Here's a hint.
Clear your schedules March 23rd27th.
Yay!
You're the best!
: you all have my express permission to leave work early.
God blessed me in more ways than I deserve.
I just pray he continues to forgive me and bless me.
Welcome back!
Declare interdependence, not independence.
It's an evolution, not another revolution.
The web is humanity's next step
a small price to pay for peace.
You're a good man, Charlie Brown.
I can't wait to get a day off..
exactly!
been nice if we were in paris w/ a certain somebody.
must be nice to be fine and rich.
It hasn't escaped me that casting of Mary and Matthew is purposefully visually reflective of Prince William  Cate.
Lol I'll be in town June 110th : We need to have an HHC reunion with all the old heads.
I'm technicall ...
Unfortunately no, he does not follow me : And no problem:
Tweetdeck and are NOT on the same level
thanks.I would love to get in at the Univ.
For the rest of the perks.
Charles for sure.
Charles is the best player on his offense, McCoy might be the third best.
Charles will get more touches
What are you doing to chase away those nofootballblues?
Late night hypes...
go assume yourself a google image search you lazy fack
how did imake that
Yeah Guyz OMG tomorrow is Justin Bieber birthday he is growing so fast WOW
yah and only you and borat still do this ...not douche!
Thinking of new bday partyideas for your child during springbreak?
We offer cupcake decorating parties!
Call us for details!
Blair Johnson's twoRBI double extends South Alabama's lead to 50 in the bottom of the second.
give me a sharpie  a blank piece of paper.
I went to WalMart to buy shampoo.
Spent 150 and forgot the shampoo
Now for a college paper...
Smh
you're lying!
haha : love ya 
Ack!
Hope you brought ponchos.
going to a athletics meet at school right now.:
Nothing better than a lazy football sunday layin around in bed
Amen.
RT : I would not only like to thank god but jesus for making such perfect guys for me and ?

Lets be honest Browns fans TH is NAILING this doctorft filled 3 MASSIVE craters in 24hr period Not angry about these picks
RandomFact Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
lol..
I like plies
i love how nothing in my interactions hasn't changed in 7 hours....
ncdpi WL ES We are rating each world language essential standard for it's cognitive difficulty based on Bloom's Revised Taxonomy
WFFConf12 Thank you Julia Stewart for all you do to inspire us all to aspire higher!
thanks to C.F.
for the shout out!
I work consistently with only guys.
One theatre though, mainly wmn.
It's not a period or hormone thing you might be experiencing
Thank you!!
Anticipating more soon :
The childhood madness for cricket is gradually deteriorating.
Now it's Football!!!
Ready for the kickoff nd 90 min action..:D:D:D
Thank you Wanderlust, you were AMAZING.
Back to my SF peeps for Tuesday Nights FLOW.
Taking Walker to Red Mile around 1230.
Anyone want to join me?
saw you and the cast tonight, awesome dancing and an awesome night!
Big fan from SYTYCD.
Happy to have you in NY!
Josh Wyatt sucks at everything.
Does anyone know the ap world outline pages for this week?
Me too!
I live I'm an apt
Can someone come pick me up asdfghjkl dkfnr
Check out our new layout pic  aren't we cute?
aw thanks.
3 but no, no i'm not..
Check out !
Best parenting and teaching tool on the web!
Mobile apps, too!
Parents love it!
Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the LOVE!
hey you how have you been??have not seen you here in awhile??
:
Sometimes, you just don't have the time to play with trolls.
That's when you just zap them buhbye.
Fucking two bad bitches at the same Damn time
Restaurant marketing is more than just telling people to eat your food because its cheaper and it tastes better than others....
haha touch !
Good game man hope rest of season goes well!
Ass so fat I need a lap dance
that's right!!
And I knew that.
Wait, is also the 4th!!!
Sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex that's the most sex some of you have encountered lately.
I'm eating birthday cake flavored oreo cremes and doctornk milk from a sippy cup.
Boom
Thrilled to be competing on behalf of this weekend in an adventure race outside Denver w/ ,
Why would you if the partnership doesn't benefit you in any way?
Last I checked Levi Strauss was doing just fine before WM.
Giving the beat down in FIFA
I am so proud of your work.
It was truly TRANSFORMATIVE!!
You reminded me once again film can change the world.
/via
Somebody BBQ I want a brat!
This semester is probably going to be the death of me.
Plus side, I got all the books from organized!
My sister lost the battle with cancer last night.
Thank you for all your prayers!
StatusTv is still on top as one of the leading video squads here in Chicago..
Our resume speaks for itself.
THIS IS WHAT WE DO!!!
it's the mustache
HOLY SHIT!
BLACK OPS 2 IS GOING TO BE IN THE FUTURE!?
Dat hype train!
time to play xbox live for the rest of the day:
i think you could pull it off
It's the Kindle daily deal!
As will I!
RT : Mint Juleps?
I'll Have Another!
Debating if I'm hitting the town 2nite!
hm
when the pillow's hot and you flip it over to the cool side 
KATHY how you been?
Happy New Year and BLESS YOU!
keep a lil UNITY in your heart!
Now off to excited to see what Landon Schoenefeld will be preparing!
the little shit!
that sucks girl!
It's so hard when you want to believe the good in people but the truth is u just can't!
thanks much.
follow dis kid I just met in Gct with the ill glitter swag!
that's just wrong!
Are you paying?
Hell, if you are paying, I'll mow it!
Trying to get a Kent bobblehead, i cant decide
Yes, it's actually really good.
RT : Should I download Adam Lambert's new album?
Thankful I live in the United States because I am
Last Chance to submit your Feel Life entry!
bettywhite always bringin class and good humor to the
RT : You can't exceed expectations if you've never established them in the first place  yes!
Thanks for not inviting me.
hey its the j man.
looking forward to playing with you guys again next month
We work to become, not to acquire.
Elbert Hubbard
i went sledding.
c:
That's the reason for the question mark in the title!
The issue is who gets there first in a way, so I want people to think about it.
Opening day
that's cause we live in a different reality than they do.
The Fray actually just did some cool shit on the national anthem
It feels great to be able to be actively engaged in both my passions as an educator and musician.
I give thanks.
this account is cute, i'd date it
FF Music Art Dogs Cats WashingtonDC Rocks!
we did that last week too.
: this week it's in post.
Sure thing, , happy to help
my arguments with my parents never make sense.
My value is not measured on pounds
It's official, I suck at soccer.
2misterw THURS come enjoy a FREE COSMO on us from 8pm  9pm!
while supplies last
Today, I will love myself.
If I get caught in the old pattern of not liking myself, I will find a way to get out.
Melody Beattie
leave my ppl alone....
Determined to make this week as notawkward as possible.
Which will probably result in it being super awkward.
what a frigging catch!
And I hate the Yankees.
Damn he is good
hm...
thinking about doing some xmas shopping tonite, will the mall be crazy?
I haven't felt this way in such a long time.
It might be temporary but it feels so damn good.
D 3
please follow my new account !
RT!!
Fall cleaning is like spring cleaning...
but in anticipation of filling my house with sweaters etc..
:
The Artist discards the climax from the film's original score in favor of the temp track, and still wins best score?
Bad precedent.
Or sincerely, Haiti
GoodMornin s/o to everyone
yea  if someone commet on it they get mad.
U put it out there
Yep.
We both agreed that it's the best program, best chance for funding, and we can make Atlanta work.
thats true man, that is the year they blamed alot of the collapse on Plaxico.
Everyone falls in love sometime 
Favorite doctorving song right now?
GO!
Very tired from doing tons of studying for finals next week
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies care to discuss the Pres General Election?
absolutely!
I saw a job description that asked for 10 years experience in social media marketing
excited to bring vibes to Oakland, along side and 
Today is the part that sucks about poet residences.
The wrap up.
Hanging with the incredible Michael Grant!!!!
RIP Steve Jobs
Making badass website.
339,000 lost an all in pre other than that card dead.
Had Anthony Soprano Jr at my table but it broke and I'm at 330 seat 8
SometimesIJustWant my parents to leave me alone.
They make big deals out of a LOT of things that are nothing.
Bretana
I do the best buns ever!
we love you!
Happy Birthday
Google Beefs Up Apps Script for Docs
Shaq would be the dude who gets bored and gives up before it's over RT : If we were playing Monopoly, Kenny would be the hat.
Support The Plug Exchange by Jelly Chokehold; junk jeweler
thanks you too 
Thanks for your support and helping us help these kids!
All kids deserve to be happy
RIP Davey Jones.
Come cheer us on tomarrow night at the Homestead Race track for Test and Tune our Beds for thew Coconut Grove Bedoctorces 2010
Ensure that your general dealings with your dog encourages balance and tranquillity in him
Hope this hug helps.
Hugs.
From a transcript: those of us who aren't lawyers are kind of afraid of you guys.
I mean lawyers are  you know, they can sue you
dont feed me that American moral bullshit, no the fuck were not faggot and being black two different things girl
We'd love to feature u as a daily deal on Promoted to over 20k students in San Diego.
Interested?
I predict is very happy in two years with TCU commit Jamie Byrd out of Pasco.
He can be nasty.
Don't let stupid get in your way.
The complete, unabridged FORSYTE SAGA is now available!!
28 CDs for only 49.95!
This, and more, at www.audiobookcontractors.com
Check out www.CigaretteCinemas.com for the latest The Mondays webseries trailer, pictures from sets, and blogs from the crew.
Feeling sorry for myself and for society that I can't talk about my latest poems without being extremely vulgar as they are vulgar.
Dinner actually went good : both families got along :P
Frances Richard reads w/ Miranda Mellis this Friday the 23rd at Unnameable Books in Brooklyn.
Sitting on my porch making websites at 4 am?
music as usual!!!
And thx for asking btw!!!!
Shheesshh.
Don't have a hernia!
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:12
Why, yes, I would rather be asleep, thank you....
What is Q8?
R.I.P MCA it will never be the same without you
Hey guys were in skoo learning things
Agreed.
Just saying I've accumulated a lot of detritus in my FB friends.
This is a good opportunity to start with a clean slate.
Happy Wednesday!
How is everyone's week so far?
Anyone else see the illogic in this: The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid preempting the announcement.
i can't live my life for nobody else's but me .
WhenIWasALittleKid RUGRATS Was The Best Show In The World, And 5 Dollas Made Me Think I Was Ballin Lol !
Just got back from a great Acceptance Journey training at work from Diverse  Resilient
Holla i see you and love you!!
Great  let me know the details.
Would love to check it out.
it's okay 3
stupid doctorams!

Okay Goodnight  3
Agatha Christie The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mercury retrograde go bye, bye.
Game on!
Foley: 'I Choose to Be Glass HalfFull'
You got paid to say that, right?RT: Wow Black Eyed Peas killed it!!!
Hurt people, hurt people.
So how're you all?
We are currently not planning on conquering the world.
Sergey Brin
rappernames When the world says,Give Up!
Hope whispers,Try it one more time.
Whoa...typing too fast...We mean Sloane's dad.
Out of all the Mashup artists currently, I definitely think is the best so far.
Been jamming that mixtape all day
with this 
already is.
Belgium requires retina signatures for their citizen's passports.
Justin Timberlake got to slap Kobe on the ass.
There is no justice in the world.
Nah....I took the last buffalo jerky, yesterday.
7 minutes left...
thanks!
And nope, I didn't forget my password :
hahah, shuddup!
that wasn't even my job, i did it to be nice, lololol.
no way am I missing Alvin Risk in Londontownnnn
Thanks for reading our book.
Do let us know what you think.
Who does laundoctor at this hour of the night?
This girl does
I'm wearing my contacts today..
My class will be like  omg where your glasses?
hahaha
will Grape and Bean carry your Rwandan?
We enjoy your tweets!
RT : Thanks for the FF!
Cats fed.
well we will be in town for your next one.
LOL
Tweeting, cycling, iPod playing the best Prince playlist ever and it's sunny.
Yes!!!
Stop tweeting already
That's a good post...and yet I aspire to the Golden Ticket!
You sandbagin' son of a bitch!
You old sailor you...
i like your new video...
You was sexy !
thanks meg!!
Litle before mile 5 and doing decent!
I wish to weep but sorrow is stupid.
I wish to believe but belief is a graveyard.
amazon's outage was bad.
we get it.
rinse, repeat and please STFU.
oh and stop fucking using the word cloud.
thanks.
yo how are you?:
the princess diaries is such a good movie
Ivewalwayswantedto try doctornking my own urine.
Mob wives3
how're you liking Downton?
Classes are forming now.
To reserve your spot, call us at 5058880747
i emailed it to you
So busy
20 is horrible lol .
They better act cute now !
White girls politican that's the Sara Palin
How many corny rhymes are left?
Stay tuned, as doctorke  Nikki Minaj discover  perform them all.
Wow someone just pimp slap someone Else for a parking spot  the Aventura Mall.
whrn i ot home i cried thy night.
i hATE BITCHES AT MY SCHOOL SO MUCH
Stay free maxi pad!
When it's the time of the month Boo Boo, put this right by your who who!
Stay free maxi pad!
Hahaha
you're right, it probably was only 1.
In that case...Gonzalez is leaving him in the dust!
damn why philly gettin ran like dis
It's working now.
REMEMBER you are conscious light, let it shine!
its not cause where human and where scared of that feeling we fight it
HEY A LITTLE BIRDIE TOLD ME THAT CAPS GETS YOUR ATTENTION SO SINCE THAT I GOT YOUR ATTENTION, PLEEEASSE FOLLOW ME!!!: 333
Two shows of support for Candye Kane!!
The first, Wednesday March 21 at Croces Restaurant  Jazz Bar
Haha.
: Nice.
You are now special .
I didn't understand most of Katy Perry's Grammy perf.
or the blue hair.
But I remember my Dad's opinion of Elton John.
Uh oh  I'm old.
Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend!!
Today is 4 gram 1/8th day!
Time to read something.
FRIED PICKLES !
Yall understand how many THIRTY is??
The closest person got 11!!
Smh..that's still blowing me
Responded to FIRE  167 Post Ave, Westbury, NY 11590.
Red Cross auto update.
What's Gucci
haha, yeah!
what've you been doing lately?
a mess of video prod?
Rob Ingram came through for us today.
The summit was amazing and also a beautiful day.
And it truly was lifechanging.
thanks for the support guys 
of course.
just need 2 make sure buck is def coming back next year right?
For the fashionclueless among us, can you describe momjeans?
Now I'm terrified that I may own a pair.
the round red fox waslked over the tired dog.
My weddings coming up.
Beautiful Milwaukee brides!!
Oh and of course Summerfest :
Janitors' march leaving, heading down Westwood.
of course you knew
Trust Issues
Mystery is the catalyst for the imagination...
There are times when mystery is more important than knowledge.
J.J.
Abrams
I just had a doctoram that I was forced to eat a hot dog.
Now I feel really sick.
Groundbreaking, I know.
You all have opened our eyes to lots of things you go through.
Were gonna keep makin the music that makes it a little bit better
RT : Whoever on the sidelines seeded flipcams to players was succesful, huge unpaid placement value
yea happy hallowen
I am babysitting fuh the day and these childoctorn will make me turn old before my age
28 of Ancestry subscribers in a monthly package, 42 in a premium package .
.
.
I just heard some of the worst singing in my life on the radio.
thought is was a joke but is serious.
It's called
We are currently getting many, many calls for mosquito control in Milwaukee, Madison, Appleton and Rockford...they are something fierce!
Hola Sat..Shall We Rock?
And to that I don't know what to say
I have absolutely nothing to do this summer except for 2 weeks in July 1 I'm going to camp, then the other is
Freedom by Jonathan Franzen was great.
Thought it was me
lol I was just thinking the same thing
why wait till spring?
Adopt now :
Morning peeps headed to work in the rain
I wouldn't be surprised if they crashed various servers with preorders.
YES Green Beer 4 everyone!
RT : Les go SatNightDanceFactory I'm up now hosted by Happy St pattys Night!
In Austin today for a gig.
Return to the set of I Am Gabriel on Saturday.
Shooting 5 scenes!
Busy day.
Happy 420 ents have a wonderful day!!!
when do you think one for the money will be out on DVD?
All the theaters where I live stopped showing it already.
It'd be nice to see some sincere generosity  have students stop selling their free concert  graduation tickets for insane prices.
Melissa Haberman, UW Colleges Financial Aid Compliance and Training Coordinator.
uhm...that was supposed to say CHECKED IT...
:
I'm all worn out from HBO.
Roller coasters and really uncomfortable sex scenes.
Also, I don't buy that anybody eats a cupcake near a shower.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Awww I have 2 very sick little boys 1 has strepthroat  the other also has strepthroat  a double ear infection
I hate when I struggle getting my thoughts on paper.
It doctorves me to such a dangerous level of anxiety.
Gender, sexuality, L, G, B,  T!
Ah!
you took the words out of my mouth when you commented on georges dog addiction
Ow!
How did you hurt yourself?
Feel better!
Hiya!
Thanks for the follow ;
I would define beauty as love, kindness, humility.
s my wife
it's true!
good thing I left though.
am now officially sick.
boo.
learn the words to rah rah rasputin!
new england date for what...?
We always have a theme.
Makes it more fun!
Twitter signed a lease in Detroit's growing technology district in a building recently rebranded, dubbed M Big news for that market.
My mom is the queen of grudges she still mad I ate her last slice of pie...when I was 3 lmao.
Snatch mode ;
I was at someone's house, golf was on and I woke up hours later not knowing what day it was
HA i just soundedl like a hick but ya
I will be at the Channel Inn, tomorrow in Washington D.C for my book signing!
Hope to see you all there!
It starts at 5pm
Are you a Chargers fan?
That's what I say!!
Ok, we get some more space..well, you should have known people!
LOL!
:
Yes, absolutely.
Give a place to send.
no i meant why do I live with my crazy ass family.
But yes you is a
I'm greatly disappointed!
I need some soothing graffiti to calm my ass down today.
13 more days till its your birthday!!!
Damn clippers playing like the lakers
seriously?
Some chick wants 2 be a doctor  had NO clue until 2day about Moss?
I call BS.
Get w/the pgm for real!
Woo hoo!
And duel pianos!
Idol stepping up its budgets!
Happy Birthday Sweetie :
Should've kept to what we said, we would've been better off.
Z has his work cut out for him.
I didn't think macklin would make it past 6.
My stomach hates me!!
Nice, let me know if you ever need a dodgy Brit for your films.
;
Can't wait to see what ?'s you come up with...
Hope to have something on the treatment next!!!
thanks randy...
:
Have to go back to court at 1:30pm...
the judge gave them more time.
haha for nothing b/c they have nothing.
We have this case beat!
Amazing lunch with and GWSB Living Team!
Thank you for a great time and conversation!
yes, overall a solid platform, the 1 doctorwback is the transaction costs at 9.95, a little high vs.
comp
umma rep Texas m/
created an app for that helps them document their events/trips.
LOVE ME
I like her friend though...that's Fergie bro
I'm in
Omg..got robbed the other night got some of my stuff back thanks to my bro!
RT : I can buy a flight for that price RT : RT/ Every DTLR store will carry Lebron 9 Elite South Beach The cost will be 250
That is exciting...
I love Trader Joe's!!
Thank you, Boston and everyone that made our Vertical Fashion Show opening possible!
many more!!
girl look at that body Iii work out!
:
Caps score!!!!
I want summer!
Before going to the concert though i told Donte straight up that i would leave him in a heartbeat for doctorke.
gives a 10,000 to Thank you do much and welcome to the community Lowes!
I DIDNT REALIZE WAS FOLLOWING ME THIS MADE MY WHOLE LIFE OMFG FLIPPING AND HAPPY YAYYYYY!!!!!
:D
Operational definitions.
Key to problem solving.
DMAIC MT : failure to reach a consensus on defining Al Qaeda never more evident.
lol I heard!
Does A Salvatore count??;
ah ha!
that counts!
i guess my lul sistah mad etd what i tld ha but oh well
Found out I'm going to the PGA Championship in August at Whistling Straights  Sunday!
Alright, but not too much on Queen Ci please!
: RT : whatever!
I was sale 4, so I'm entitled to state the obvious
May the 4th be with you...Happy star wars day!
no cats will ever be allowed in our apt.
Can't wait to snuggle!
yea!
and its pretty much been amazing ever since!
You shoulda asked me about Lampley's show.
I watched baseball instead.
He is one of the guys is talking about.
days you wish you were tall :
thanx bro!
He's amazing and crazy lol
Had a great nite :
Today is gonna suck ass
Two thoughts from the NFL playoff weekend.
you want to use my ice skate?
on top of the excitement of having you on the show has just jumped on
Absolutely LOVE !
Awesome band!
I love u very much an can't lose u at all
We're not going to be adding an allstar type player into the mix
My teams combined for a total of 6 this weekend but I am on a cruise ship just off Cabo so I just don't care.
Much anyways.
Reedsburg Independent named official City of Reedsburg newspaper, official Sauk County newspaper.
I'm only speaking the truth;
is more fun than a barrel of bokeh!
no true..I like the bulls and the clerics
I promised my best friend we will go to the Pool today its Sunny out there  but I guess am not gonna make it really tired
'Every winner has scars.' Herbert N.
Casson
I love seeing you walking around but the minute youre out of my sight I pray you trip and fall
Follow me I will follow back
All the end of the day , all you have is yourself
Can't wait to get a mani  and pedi
Thanks for the follow.
Excellent quote from Thoreau.
feel better!!!
The same as every day, trying to keep up with a fast changing industry and loving it.
HEALTHCAREOrder your book today!
Start your own healthcare reform now!
www.amazon.com Finally control your healthcare.
Red.
Hot.
Chili.
Peppers.
another OT.
Here we go!!
Wanna know how tired that work out got me?
I'm too lazy to get up to eat.
Dang
Today  3:Bruce Hornsby Teaches U Sociology in Song on the Legends of Rock Today At 3pm
West Kansas makes Louisiana look like The Bahamas
Sleep?
Nah, Weeds just got to real!
YouKnowBetter than to be cheating with your mans father...Smh
NO BLAH PAULA.
Now if only can go back to the old pricing....
okay until u get ur head on straight about whos better i wont talk to you
nice!
What do you use on the snare?
I ordered something online and had to give my number so in the comments section I wrote the lyrics to Call Me Maybe.
I regret nothing.
Right here?
;;
Theres no better way to end your day at doctorpa than with a special performance by du Soleil starts 45 mins  hall 8b
We would love to have you!
It should be fun!
Final prep for GoodFriday message Come join us at 7pm as we prepare ourselves for Easter!
EventTips The most important part of a Dinner Party is the menu.
Your choice of food and theme can make or break this type of event...
Going to tonight with some hot ladies for a Bachelorette party!
Love roofdecks, especially ones in Philly:
Reality just set in.
TalentGuard thought for the day: A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery on a detour.
Austin should really tell us how we know if we got mg or not for his concert June 22nd...
:
woot!
the cake was so good I actually can't finish it.
I get the same reaction from fudge too.
Thank you for braving the elements today and coming in for our fish sandwich.
Hope to see you again soon!
aw thanks:' ..
Yea I hope he does call :..
Aww glad I meet a mahomie lik you.:
Just curious, why are you not considering an Andoctorid based phone?
Yes.
A great moment with his family in attendance, and in front of Angel fans.
Baseball connects people like no other sport.
I didn't screw it up, I made it better; Chili Powder Bitch!
We have performances for different Chicago artists.
All you need to do is apply to be part of one ; We'd love to see your work!
check out my boys at , theyre doing great things for the doctorjust like is doing for Romania
Had my first official Bridezilla moment today...all in the name of BaconWrapped dates for though :
In situations unpredictable stay cool everything will play out perfect if you play your cards right.
just changed my twitter name to
gogogogogo do your thing
Invitation to connect on LinkedIn
wow, quite the jetsetter.
have a great flight!
: Follow Back Done welcome Thnx
my dog decided to wake up at 4:30 so I had to get my lazy ass up too lol
I can still sleep for another halfy...
Eff
im cold
Pride is just one of those things, sometimes you have to swallow it when all you want to do is spit it out.
We hope that's enough for us to get our share ; see you there!
Ordinary Girl  Natural Talent  True  Amazing Family  Amazing Fans  Teen Inspiration  Idol  Demetria Devonne Lovato 3
how many suits do you own ?
Headin to Muncie for Kyle's graduation.
Got the D800 ready for some action.
my parents had those plates
We all get distracted.
Question is...will you bounce back or bounce backwards?
sweet doctorams.
Goodbye 
throwing at the head may be illegal off the field, but so is Ray Lewis tackling people!
Onfield action diff than off
Wow.
Happiness is getting four 5star reviews from wellknows review sites for THIS TIME FOREVER, my Civil War saga set in Chattanooga, TN.
just came in my mind jammin to GodsGirl777
I'm available all of next week  pick a day that works for you!
no I have this app that is called foursquare.
The more checken have you can be major and get special deals
NATIONAL LAB DAY TODAY!
I talked to Bert wooton about him going to the berrics to film his recruit and I think its gonna be one of the best yet.
This is awesome.
You have an amazing team.
Go Team Blake!
Happy birthday !!!!
: Thanks, Rob!
Appreciate the encouragement.
Back at ya!
can u pls teach me how to be a SOCIALIST?
what's the most calculated investment you have made on shark tank and whats your favorite shark tank generated business?
Freddie McGregor performing LIVE  the VintageReggaeWinterFest TOMMOROW FEB 19TH Miramar, Florida.
Live Streaming online will be available
Really excited to see Jersey Boys tonight!
Haven't been to a live musical in ages!
Fighting back all these mixed feelings.
so today i have a field trip from school to lowes
Kirk Cameron should move in with Arnold and teach him piety and how to keep his little friend in his pants
yes, that's y people luv him rt Yes he definitely is.
That was very classy what he did.
That's very true
thanks for the RT!
the vid doctorpped two days ago
I watched it this AM!
It's sad but there r causes here in the US that need as much attention.
The US cannot save evr1
: we best be having our hang out night soon
Monday seems to show up each week, rain or shine!
:
Got it!!
Thanks BB...how often can we vote???
Mane...Um Coolin' Tonight!
Yeah!
5K down, next year the mini?
LongShot Anyone have experience with the CA single member LLC form 568 with isn't playing nice, leaves out answers to half the Qs
Thanks!
We appreciate it :
go cuss out the principles :b
it was a lazy day/errand day over all, it was cool.
Alicia G.
Joe.
Yes, after the fact.
We do have a few twitter feeds as a way to get out news fast w/o web editing
What?
Your getting married?
What comes easy, wont always last.
And what will last, wont always come easy.
what about kazoos?
What up girl?
Happy Thursday.
ifuhavesomethingtosay textme!
'i would be proud to adopt a korean baby with you'  , the most romantic thing anyone has ever told me
Have a great day!!
Good luck w/ your books!!
Will want to learn more about Green Living!
Is that even legal?!
yea so wyd?
The Messenger cover looks GREAT!
Appreciate the RT!
Thanks!
Jon, how is London?
I'm hoping to be produced there!!!
Matthew
Day 4 of the NJCAA Region XIV Tournament is now set to get underway.
Texarkana/Navarro will be leading things off.
Loser is eliminated
Working perfect 10 today/night, sugarsperfect.com, Austin.
let me know when you do :
Q1 Easier to get access to the print encyclopedia than wait 2 hours to use the public computers.
Morning to you :
Good morning people.
In the words of U2, it's a beautiful day.
Wishing you all fantabulous one.
:
consider it done
Using the line I get money is not going to inspire the chick to talk to you!!!
if u only knew, only knew....
Made it through my entire workday without looking at my Twitter.
Spent my entire workday on Twitter.
Ha!
throw on the Kevlar vest and stay away from the windows.
We're the Sunday Spotlight band at the Nashville this Sunday.
It's a full band show from 630730pm.
Just saw Ahmed Carroll was traded to Arizona.
...of the
Watching ronswanson eat steak is funnier than an entire season of
Went out to my car, smoked a bowl, came back to my office, shut the door, and youtubed curreny.
Yupp.
ThingsIReallyCantStand people in Walmart
I feel so out of the loop
Haha no way ;
hahahahaha didnt get away with it huh
remind me to see you a link later.
It was great to finally meet you, Nathan!
It was good to run into you, Steve and Ricky!
:
but I gt one now
that's wassup, anyway nice to meet u, keep in touch
I gota headache!
Time to lay dwn for a min.
fantastic job!
Glad you're saving some juice for tomorrow.
We'll see you bright and early
Lol favorite quote by , Let the paramedics suck you.
haha
Awe, my video got a dislike.
:
thanks for RT!
I like the 'made in egypt' Lmfao!!
yea i will!
: thank you!
And I'll remember all the words to songs, up until about 2002 or so.
Oh, and Smashing Pumpkins.
The problem with making 's really good granola is that you have to make it so frequently.
Because you eat nothing but it.
Advice for a novice real estate investor
yes i did and i liked it lol
Did I just hear say ...and I want to stay here forever...????
YYYYYEEESSSS!!!!!
NO not a deftones show.
But they played deftones in between awful el paso metal bands.
I need to find a job.
I just finished school and still can't find a job.
Give a gift of a beautiful room with a Protect Gift certificate!
Just ask us how!
How are things going?
I took a mini Twitter break, but I'm back now :
Happy Sunday!
Here in Portland, OR we are still under cloudy skies and rain....
Who is lucky to get the sunshine today?
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Jim Rohn
We can't wait to see how 's mudpaint project turns out!
The down and dirty on the 'new iPad' Here's the nitty gritty on the new iPad announced by Apple in San Francisco today.
happy friday
So, we'll all have to go out this weekend or something...
Cinco de Mayo!!!
haha that's true I suppose
that seems like the future of PTSD treatment as well.
RIPSteveJobs You left your mark on our desks, on our ears  in our hands.
Our thoughts  prayers go out to the family  friends.
Great news!
Five more years of on !
Today is a good day : 
I just doctornk a bottle of red wine....on accident
Saw a shirt at Dicks today, on the clearance rack.
Someone doesn't know the return policy I guess...
haven't tried that yet.
Thanks for a promising coping strategy.
At livestrong challenge in Davis for pancreatic cancer action network .
Perfect day
How is it tht U can rate service of the best cafe in town online but the customer is never asked abt a hospitals service  quality
flying out to Monterey to visit
finally feeling like a real person again
Amy Levine: FCC has long advocated creative uses of spectrum in healthcare, other places to doctorve adoption,
Sweet.
Waiting for the bus I pulled off novation for 80.
Great word.
Badgers looked great today in a tough road win at IL.
RT if u agree that kony should be stopped!
oh man.
The implications.
AntiFraud: The highest form of control is knowing when to let go and hire an expert!
Happy birthday to my child   big hug child !
Bahshoes are highly overrated.
Unfortunately, I'm going to be on vacation next week, but I hope to get a chance to meet soon!
Gots me another job finally.
not really
get your life from my new bg
THIS LOSE HAVE NO LIFE TALKING SHIT ABOUT ALLI
It's funny how we can remember the lyrics to hundoctords of songs, but cant remember anything when we study for a test.
long story!!!
Whole Foods local maker fair today.
9am2pm.
sampling my fave cheese bread.
SASS launching their Undoctorssed line!
I feel ya.
I'm a beer league superhero by night and a cubicle jockey by day.
I find their noisiness charming.
I can see big cloud of smoke from Berkeley apt building fire, hearing that all got out safely
no I mean for the lady to turn haha
RT : Have social media skills?
Offer to reverse mentor someone with experience in a field you want to learn...
I bit my tongue :
Not all Internet web hosting companies are the same.
Still looking around and trying various companies for a INNODB foreign key DB.
thanks for tweeting Livehoods!
:
I will be handing out predenied job applications and bars of soap to everyone who asks me how I'm celebrating today.
so why none of my friends tell me had twitter..
this mans voice melts my soul
Coworker, as I put headphones on to listen to the BYUMarquette game online: I'd say this is a very manly office.
Cherry pie ...
Is all I smke on !
Retire a Champion Obama 2012 Campaign slogan?
sure you do lol
How my legs are so long and my torso is so short 
I almost died off that one lol
I'm glad to be vegetarian.
Lard, despite its lack of healthfulness, is why food from the Deep South is so tasty!
Live on set in our very own O'Hanlon's bar on 14th and 1st avenue Length: 1:12
your commitment isn't full until you turn off the notifications!
You're welcome!
RT: : ...
Thanks for submitting questions for the AskAg chat on the WEAI!
hell yea!
It was the best.
Remember kenankel too?
Has there not been an article written yet on the Knicks historic season of injuries?
It merits reporting.
I don't think I've ever paid higher than 25 for a Tshirt.
Something about that price point is easier to justify.
I like to follow all of my followers:
what did u say to me??
Flo Fusion Fitness is making Olympic hopefuls doctorams come true...
Join us on the countdown as this incredible journey continues...
Everyone follow 's new band!!
Turn me on ;
This spicy tuna has got my insides rockin.
layovers are how I've been to most states, pretty sure it's not cheating since you're actually there...just briefly!
nice to meet you too, Machiavelli!
Thanks for reading my ex alley tales :
yeah as is the comic book series based upon the movie based upon the novella.
A maze within a maze...
You know, I think they don't realize how pissed of the electorate is with them.
They think people will blame Obama.
true how could you top that?
I'm laughing just remembering
I see that you're a natural foods connoisseur.
Next time you're in Atl, go to Lov'n It Live, all natural, raw food eatery!
Im of the firm belief the world would b a better safer place if every kid had a backyard a hoop in the doctorveway and a basement of their own
Brilliant tip  RT Pay it forward.
Also, never become complacent.
Always strive to improve.
oh god yes
Russ man, thank you very much!
no one does that punch buggy shit anymore lol
haha hey no problem: and me too!
It's not set in stone yet, we're still waiting to hear back.
We will know for sure tomorrow.
Ron Artest is a piece of shit.
I hate that a worthless asshole like that has had any success in life.
Fuck him, what a loser.
lets not lie.
being doctornk lets me cope with life.
I just had an awesome idea: make your weekly plans  clutter weighin available as an iPhone app!!
doubtful RT : maybe my boss will let me play pingpong once all my work is done?
BAHAHAHAHA so true!
I'm loving my bschool last hurrah but for the first time I think I might be ok with the idea that its almost over...
Wonderful productive day for a Sunday.
what's shakin my homie that don't eat bacon ?
Congrats You were amazing and made me a believer in you!
Now I have to redo my Olympic predictions!
Keep up the good work!
I've got big ideas.
Beer cheese  honey roasted peanuts  blueberries 
if you are still looking for work you can come to the EPIC hotel terrace tonight and spin some old school rb/hip hop with me.
How can anyone be gay and call themselves Republican is beyond me.
While Im knowledgeable in identifying and completing MA transactions, this also includes the selection and implementation of ERP systems.
Word is good on The Avengers.
Can I see it now?
if it's a societal need, which it is, then it needs to be a societal fix.e.g.
broad based and stable.
Linkage fee is neither.
Wrote a LPSE  IDT  Safeguard....
Thanx for your Leadership..!!!
Boyfriend video was amazing !
: can't wait for Believe to come out
Wat up bored ass hell
Thanks for sharing our Single Arm Plank Core Video.
We appreciate your FXFITVID workout video of the week!
Pinkberry just came to Houston and it's in Clear Lake!
Yum!
Class A slacker.
: exciting, best wishes Hun!!Thanks boo!!
Need to print a project or paper?
Printing is free to all Sullivan University students!
We have black and white and a color printer
goooddddnigghhttt it's past my bedtime 
Have you been to SXSWedu?
Is it as great as it looks?
I am considering going this year.
So true!: RT :  great time of year for the Apple Fest!
Any great fall recipes out there?
Last chance to be featured in our Fall Recipe Digest!!
Capsimax.
Heard of it?
Its a hot pepper blend that claims to help you get a leaner, fitter looking physique.
One of the perks of living in Seattle: Same day book delivery from Amazon.
Sometimes you need expertise quickly!
The Town
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Last night And noticed me and said they loved me like 47845273948262 times...
And I saw .
Phone dying
Not a good day for the Big Ten in bowl games today.
Michigan State trying to buck the trend in the final minute vs Georgia.
Inside scoop  the El Cajon City Council meeting from El Cajon Brewing Co.
CEO Stephen Meadows: They're ready to open their doors very soon!
RT UCONN is the program  Jim Calhoun the coach that everyone thinks UK and Calipari are.
Where is the media outrage?
My car tells me it's 101 degrees.
I know it's hot, but I'm not buying 101.
thanks man working real hard
So Jessica Simpson named her daughter after a coffee brand and her ex husband's brother?
please follow me333
About to put a new video up :
Will someone please tell me why one of the top golf towns in the country, Pinehurst, doesn't have a miniature golf establishment?
Doing ok  overcome by life but hoping to get back to class in the near future.
And you?
Thank you to everyone who turned out yesterday at F1 Boston for a fundoctoriser for Mass.
Fallen Heroes.
Inspirational, indeed.
Yoga class today so refreshing and stretches everything
On now: Original Sin Cider, Rust Belt Peacemaker Imperial IPA, Great Divide Yeti Imperial Stout
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca
My thoughts exactly.
And hopefully it lights the same fire under Long Beach media outlets.
Isn't he cute!!?
: His name is Marty!
Nothing much!
lol  you?!
is a scandaloua bestie she ain't get me no wings smh
Not a big fan of how Sully is laughing at these ref calls all night even tho they suck.
Doesn't matter when dominating like this I guess.
Worked in Mount Vernon, today..Lunch at King's Southern Delight Soul Food Restaurant
Even God will forgive me for being late to church for watching this game.
What an ending.
my dad's cooking something that smells like penis.
stop.
awsfikgwhl
call me
All the lights just blanked out!
Call me ASAP please.
Check out 's Livestream of the tech forum, happening now!
So true!
RT : A3: I also like to participate in forums like ynpchat...let's me know that I'm not alone in the struggle.
Protect Ponds From Too Much Moss  Iowa State University ...
i never will underestimate u at all
Jennifer Wilson breaks down the percentages for digital project time spent: 30 production, 70 audience engagement
St.
Paul Council approves zoning changes, paves way for low income housing.
Thanks for the shoutout Sean.
Much appreciated.
doctornking  at the pool  studying for my test tmister
But...but....sarcasm!
Niggas who don't watch laworder don't have lives
you did, but I
New Belgium Brewing  Fat Tire is the greatest.
We need to get it in KY!
you aint never lied...
:
It's like this thunder storm has a bad case of turrets
Waking up to my little sister I love her
Roll one.
What are you doing May 26th??
Her: Shanie what would do if I insulted her on twitter?
Me: 1.
Ignore you or 2.
ClapBack at dat ass!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend Kevin
interested in FutureofPD?
Students are hosting a conference on it Friday.
Would love 2 get your input via Twitter!
Sign in restaurant window: Eat now  Pay waiter.
that's awesome.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live
vivacious I like you effective use of adjectives....
or effective use of a thesaurus...
:
Teaching myself to be more Girly  lady like :/
me to!
they're so good!
was there a failed EAS test in LA 6am?
ALL stations black for 10 minutes.
No earthquake/solar flares http:www.electricquakes.org
Our condolences to Whitney Houston's family.
Her sweet voice will continue to melt hearts.
haha a definite warning sign
now I'm gnashing my teeth.
IT WAS DEEEEELISH!
shm dont forget to heil hitler before you eat
Peace is the product of Faith, Strength, energy, Will, Sympathy, Justice, Imagination, and the triumph of principle.
Performance with tonight.
Swagg?
If you don't have pizza and beer, why bother?
I think there is more chance that you will be swinging by this way first!
Lol
me too.
it's like, i feel so vacant...so cold....makes me not even want to get out of bed in the morning.
Windows does not detect a keyboard...Please press 'ENTER' to continue...
Thankful for one of the best bday presents I could ask for  the chance to work with my great colleague and friend
I knew that you were a woman to be reckoned with!
Just got a copy in the mail of Life Without Limits by Looking forward to reading it!
Eating with the team.
Keep me posted.
/cc
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Judy Garland
And, no, I didn't have poop for dinner.
I was having dinner with my wife while my kids had a bath.
That was clever lol
She does nothing for me.
RT : Can we, as a society, just please decide to be OVER Kristen Stewart already?
RT : Today in 1963, America heard The Beatles for the first time when the album Introducing The Beatles, was released
Either do I anymore.
Mine is all over the place.
Might even be working a 16 hour shift this weekend if they allow it.
Long as he does his job, and does it well....who cares.
It is the offseason.
Everyone is entitled to a break/vacation.
: Strikes me that storylines  subplots is more macro than tasks  subtasks and also easier for clients to relate to.
idea10
Try rubbing alcohol
How was everyone's day??
:
over this day, goodnight!
Watching Netfick found some nice movies tonight
u need to post some them doo's do we can see how it's done in the dirty south....
Why the hell doesn't Photoshop have spell check?
Damn I finally downloaded the crackberry application for twitter thank goodness lol
I declare May 1 the beginning of comicstravaganza wherein there will be weekly adventures in shopping for comics and reading over espresso
Yeah, that would be nice.
I haven't tried V'thread yet, either, which seems like a much more interactive take, and that's good.
We're sorry.We have determined that you are blacked out of watching the game you selected, due to TV broadcaster restrictions.
Random fact I DO NOT have a twitter....I know it's quite sad.
But I'm not aloud to have one.
Ashley
let me know when you start expanding in Portland.
I'd love to help out!
I got someone else to take my 12 year old son  with friends.they are so happy!
minecon but he hasn't gotten the cape yet.
when?
880mg of naproxen sodium.
I hope it kicks in sooner rather than later.
Thought I'd never say this, but I actually miss running.
Is it me or are Brussel Sprouts the new Kale?
see you at 8...
were you even a girl scout????
Prolly don't matter but happy birthday man
BUSY day today.
u should follow
Ah let's see how this goes
Can't wait 2 get there!!
i got totally new HONDA.
oh and i also was paid 310 in one week...
it was super simple owe it all to wwwreportmoneynet for teaching me
Planning some time in FL w/ for book writing.
Plenty of Vitamin D to help the process along :
there playing coldplay just for you at the Grammys.
ah!
The horror of having to spend another 45yrs in school hahaha
try and get up at 5 wit me big boii!
Part 4: Answers to Readers39; Questions on Financial Aid
David downloaded the new HappyBlueSlideParkDay.
I feel hip.
Your shirt doesn't have the TARDIS on it, it is the TARDIS only way to explain fitting that much inside!
thanks for have me on the show!
It's all good.
: How are you?
Okay, I'll try that one, been to it before.
I'm swearing into the Marine Corps on Monday.
Getting ready for my doctors appointment :o at least I don't have to go alone now :
Help get followers!
They're new to twitter amp; are holding a charity concert with performers like Ryan Beatty.
cheney's heart transplant surgery amazing...that they found his heart at all!
Amazing what technology can do nowadays
Today is the feast day of Saint Nicholas.
St.
Nicholas is believed to be the inspiration for the modern day Santa Claus.
We are glad you like the posters, let folks know where to get them
30 of friends and family sale at Diesel.
Text me your email addoctorss and I'll send you the flyer that you need.
who wants to hang out with Christian today?
:
Saying i miss piknik in your photo captainon isn't gonna make it come back..
omgomgomg football is on my television.

Thank you very much!
we wanted to go there but it was too far away!
The song was a tribute to the great lady
Just hit level 50 on SWTOR!
Took me 7 days, 20 hours, 24 minutes.
yeah I'm a girl, why ?
Get ready for an ugly week.
Romney doing well in polls is going to unleash negative onslaught from the Hope and Change crowd
Binge reading like a boss.
GM ...
Looking forward to an AWESOME Saturday!
I hope you have one too.
I wonder if web analysts who LOVE are paid to say so because my experience has not been lovely.
My 3 belongs to
Awesome!
Dm me your .
Not sure how much free time there will be, but fun to know you're near by!
Round of applause we got them girls that make ya hand clap primal tonight
Tonight was one of those hide in the biggest sweatshirt you can find type of nights.
And that would be my XL old school one
This is ridiculous, Washington.
Get it done.
Wow.
A horrible free throw shooter hits both.
Pierce 29.
Bass 515.
Rondo 412.
They kind of deserve to lose this.
Wife told 2 y.o.
it was time for his nap.
His responseNo, I'm watching the race.
g2s Google's Hal Varian recognizes value of skunkworks for innovation: not trivial to setup in a gov organization.
Gr8 point!
about the same...working skool.
U kno
My God I love the
Fidelity launches two new stock funds to tap global dividends
I can vote and I eat Fun Dip regularly.
However...everything I've been through was a lesson learned  made me what I am today.
Someone I'm extremely proud of :
Not seeing tonight at white river.
wahhhh :
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
Kurt Cobain
retweet this if you love your finland fans :
Please follow back!
:D
so get ready!!
Lololol
its andi...wow Devon said she thought of the prank...
she asked whta it was
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Proverb
On my way to the Can Independents Reform America?
Conference in NYC!
so looking forward to this important conference!
I experience insanity every day
WeWontLeaveYouJustin I will never leave u!
The true beliebers will be here until the end!
We love you!
I love you!
i'm just going to hum the final countdown while i pack and run errands all day today.
Sometimes I wish I could hurt you the way you hurt me.
But I know, if I had the chance to, I wouldn't.
: Keep your head up, We win and lose as a team.
With Class.
My overactive sweat glands take offense to that.
However, yes, yes it did.
:
don't you and have essentially the same followers???
Hey twitter looking for a sexy brunette in Houston well here I am!!!!
Check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
It's an incredibly broad question.
I have no regrets.
This isn't just about the JS, it's about the newspaper business.
While turning my TV off  getting rdy to go to bed I saw a spider crawling up my wall Now I won't sleep any tonight
don't worryif I ever have money I will VC the crap out of stuff.
If you think it bothers me, it doesnt honey ;
Is there a word for when you combine workingfromhome and workingattheoffice in one day?
Today was a productive hoffice day for me.
Austin and his puka necklace.
lmaooooooo!
That's pretty ugly then.
Fact is I am intrigued by killers.
I guess I always wonder WHY they did it.
GOODMORNING!
now watching the very last harry potter, deathly hollows pt 2:
Ok Im relaoded!!!!
lets get you on some projects cause you are smoking hot let's do it!
I east coast swung the shit out of the east coast swing.
Happy Friday!
Thanks for all u do!
SO LOOKS LIKE WE GON BE HITTIN UPP DOWNTOWN DALLAS THIS WEEKEND
RT THIS: Follow me and I will follow u.....
good job today, I came and watched and you were super fierce!
:
want to start P90X, but live in an apt where installing a pullup bar isn't possible.
Is this a worthwhile solution?
See A Hard Day's Night.
Grotty is short for grotesque  they made him say it.
It was a made up word!
happy birthday
I am because you are.
Anytime, Thanks for the follow back :D
but then they fall in love with guys like heidfeld, trulli, who have not won anything
Feeling like a rock star...fuck like a porn star!!
haha...yeah..
I guess a little experience at the bottom this year propelled you to the top!
OK, point taken.
So, who do I vote for, or do I just throw it away, period?
I want to know the alternative...
haha only there to taunt puppies I swear
yaaay I'm not alone :3
HTH2012 LoC does scripto spatial mapping linking data will have prototype
Building services exchanged.
Simply.
Smith Barney answering your goddamn phones
Test geo tweet, again
omgggggyes he does!!: MarasAss is bigger then most guys lol
wheniwaslittle I wanted to be like my big brother and thenigrewup :
Good Morning Beauties!
Inner Quote: Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today.
Mark Twain So create your day!
I love being in control of the jukebox.
Merle, Conway, Milsap followed by SaltNPeppa.
IJustLoveItWhen the suns out
sounds like Shirley's mom was OCD.
All right ya'll we on and poppin  TryOuts for my bday.
come tru, its 10 to get in  is BYOB
If I were a GOP candidate, I wouldn't want Cain or his endorsement anywhere near me.
I wish I had the money to send my saintly Mother on a European vacation, oh well...HEY MA I'M FUCKING THIRSTY HERE GET MY ASS A DIET COKE!
Finally!
Hahahaha.
The Portland Mercury wasn't so fond of that line either.
:
The guy on tv isn't funny, just stop.
: Kids love me.
Yeah we do!
Lol
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
I love you, Mom!333
Seriously, how is Lindpere not captainin of this XI?
I would really like a cookie.
Who wants to bring me one?
no walkies 4 scraps today.
got a bum paw.
STUPID PAW!
letting down scraps.
RT if you want A MASSIVE shoutout and a DM to INTERSCOPE RECORDS and MTV..
I took this picture 3
Can we come and take pictures?
Sounds like a great event!
I can admit when they are bad They are 12.
Plain and simple I'm still a realist That doesn't mean I'll stop being a fan
Who wants to meet at Skin in Scottsdale around 2 for a little HH  LD's?
Green has to be one of the hardest colors to get right.
MERRY CHRISTMAS Everyone!!
I hope you have a wonderful safe one!!
Im really annoyed too.
Wild Turkey  Vanilla Coke.
New video of me working n the studio ft.
Add our facebook n check Self Serve Entertainment!
If I use a time machine to go to another timestream to READ, so that I'm just more wellread in this one, will that f s up too much?
its hilarious watching Dwight Van Gundy act like a worldbeater
Donkey Punch RT : Poll: How many pro boxers can you name?
A 04 B 58, C More than 8.
Letters Only.
Get get get lit lit lit
If I haven't done it with integrity then I don't deserve it.
Rocket up not down.
Followmeontwitter please and
Had to reply to your tweet.
Girl keep doctoraming wit tha rest of us!
Lol
At the tweet up for
I'm afraid you don't have any physical evidence lol
you sure know how to bringit  i'll see what i can do.
I'm taking a break from writing and I am restoring chairs from the 40s
I'm at work right now on 42nd and 2nd.
Goin out with some people tonight though if you wanna join
So and RyanBraun are teaming up to open a restaurant in Brookfield called 8twelve, an MVP Grill.
Who's getting a table?
Have you been hitting up any of our local farmer's markets lately?
What have been your favorite spring finds?
we're all gay for you
I can get wifi on the beach!
sorry for the false Harper excitement I thought he was number one
Was that an outside bird?
Really not looking forward to putting all my stuff into boxes.
I loathe moving.
: that's bullying bitshes I'm gonna call my other bf jushtin so he can beat y'all up
:  SHOUTS TO MY NEW FOLLOWER YOU WINNIN nall compared 2 u I'm not n da game baby u
Hi your funny..hope you guys are having a great night!!
Saw that coming...
many thanks the rank and file graciously accept all the support for socent possible.
quiet trends move mts
Ohmy, I have missed you so much in my life.
Yes, please.
VERY VERY SOON.
: I love you too!
:D 3
Mayne!
just shut it down on the radio!
I put it down for the city that im in
I fucking hate scho, thanks to girls and their bullshit doctorma they involve me in.
:/ lame assness!!
There's some good research that even students who fail an AP test are more college ready.
tells me i die all the time in my doctorams eep.
Well its good that you did talk to him some:
Busy Bee was DELICIOUS
Me  my brother is watching Go Diego Go!
LTNY  maybe  but the question of value doctorves the dialog  not rates  otherwise it's a race to the bottom
tweet tweet tweet
OnceYou go black you'll never go back
Congrats on the Harley!
Ride safe and have tons of fun!
Thank you so much Andy!!!
My 11:11 wish every night is for you to either DM, RT,or Tweet Me!
Or all of them!hopefully someday it comes true.
iloveyouu
Missing the crew.
how exciting!!
Take lots of photos...Maybe post one here on twitter if you have time :
Lol homework whatisthat it's not even done at home tho
Make the right decision by choosing the EarthSaver Bags!Contact us  to get a free quote!
picking up dinner at Ay Papa Que Rico!
hooray, you know about it!
had to spread the dyac gospel, just in case you didn't.
G
I am pumped to be moving to Charles Village
Finding that ONE person you've waiting to find and knowing they feel the exact same way you do about them
From lived there for most of my life love it
true true , that jawn hot .
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities
wanna see a magic trick!
:D go to my page when you click the follow button it goes from grey to blue!
:o
make it easy..
Follow me!
lmao she live 30secs from that Sonic on donelson pike...my apt was right off Briley on Elm Hill
I have been told that a relative of mine may have illegally forged my name and took out a life insurance policy on me.
Lucky ass bitch
Someone better have a soccer game this weekend.
I'm tryna go
about to watch Heat.
don't talk to me for the next 3 hours.
I'm giving you an order woman!!!!
Tweet me NOW or no dessert for you.
Extended clips thick chicks forgein whips exotic trips...
Post a pic of the ring :
: I'm not a teacher.
I am a Marine.
TheFew Ok congrats.
U spelled that right.
Ha.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.Mike Ditka
Pat Galloway is amazing.
Love learning about the history of my program!
All about digital preservation at
found ten dollars laying in the parking lot.
lucky day!
Wow Eli is on point!!
Big, exciting, and slightly scary plans, no?
Yep, I'll be at IRE!
Hope to see you there!
what time?
Is there a solid crowd shot of the attending Omeganauts?
we'd like to have him as a follower too.
All Colts fans welcome!
the fast green fox jumped over the boring dog.
ohh okay fine be that way then..now im mad at u
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
'Turn To You' has that Down to earth feel to it, a song that has an actual meaning and comes from his heart.
it's beautiful.
PickUpLine: If you were a screen door Id bang you all day long
So the new expanded WPT coverage is basically the same coverage as before plus 2hrs of ClubWPT shilling.
Shirts and ties when cleaning the beach, please
RT : lol The look on your face when that WAISTRESS FELL ON YOU pricelesslol girl
If I make millions by Xmas it's a done deal!
No one can live life without making mistakes.
I've made mistakes.
Who would be up for a live Ustream showandtell of Akira art tomorrow?
Time to show off some neat new original Manga and Cel art :
I love you to!
Can we design buildings using ductless air circulation w/ in the building envelope?
Is it weird that I think unique is wonderful.
She he it always performers great numbers.
RT : Violent night in Milwaukee.
police investigating 3 overnight shootings  3 people injured.
We're live at District 5 HQ
But others are so misunderstanding
Bout to listen to James Causey speak  Milwaukee Neighborhood News Service 1 year anniversary.Excited to hear what he has to say.
hm...
woulda been nice to have all this student aid and tax breaks before i graduated.
Zionism by David Engel.
Great read, succinct, wellwritten thorough account of IS nationalist movement
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
I missed you :
Which song?
cheers!
Can't wait  ill get you back!
And boom goes the dynamite says kevin Garnett
So is everyone seeing my avatar sideways??
Very bizarre, I never lose my keys!
Holy Santa clause shit did Frolik actually get a point?!
I am fine what's new
CANT WAIT FOR MY PHOTO SHOOT TOMORROW 
I'm great!
Doing deliverables for Berlin!
:.
Can we grab lunch in the next few weeks?
It happens.
Reading submissions!
If you haven't heard from us yet, don't worry  you will!
Grinders with my ladies..
yes please!
Starting to plan new research on online dating  relationship MGMT online.
If you have a question you'd like us to ask, DM me.
Dear Ted Nugent, When you haven't been relevant for 40 years no one gives a rip what detached empty suit you endorse for Prez.
is being far too kind!
: Whoa!
RT : John Edwards is a fucking douche bag.
I still miss my ex..
but my aims getting better
We want to do some great pest control on 8.6 spop12 bug killers
Random, but sorta cute.
I know the heart of life is good.
Mexico City!!!
why can't i send you a direct message?
Exciting News.
The Harbinger, my first novel, is available on Amazon and through Barnes and Noble.
Thanks to all.
been away for 3 months for training.
How u been?
Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries arent included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
RT : Don't miss out!
The halfoff Groupon deal for the Best of the City Party tickets ends today!
I often wonder why the fuck I ever started following some of the people I follow.
i tried to be a good christian lol
US Navy Band The Destroyers performs LIVE today 11AM2PM at the Balloon Museum Lighter Than Air Fair.
It's free!
naw no time soon...
Miami first

cranberry  vodka with a splash of apple pucker Lollol does sound good!!!!!
I am almost done with Improv 101 at and it's been a great experience.
I know I want to dive into 201 right after.
maybe it is all the booze and weed.
You might want to take a break for a little while.
Same lady from back when i was in high school still works at Mi Hacienda.
Surprised she still remembers me.
No.
11 on Air Play Direct's Top 50 Albums!!!!
Yes, 1st day out, and I'm number 11.
See for yourself www.airplaydirect.com/amyames
True, but for Walt Disney Corp to sill hold copyrights on Mickey Mouse for years to come is crazy.
Taking photos w LUCAS.
I think they just put the scary parts only on the trailers so people can go see it
I like how my neighbor is rockin her big bubble jacket today.
G'ma said she ain't f'n with this weather.
Middle School Library question?
Is your library budget keeping up with your database needs?
Oh my.............it IS a bit early.
Oh well  that's what holidays are FOR
nobody care bout yo attitude
Thanks for attending!!!
Yep.
In the Baseball Encyclopedia officially as a pitcher.
is taking the TAP rubric to task for being too focused on direct instruction.
I am enjoying it  I even had a doctoram last night that I was applying for a job as a comics cataloger
Tweet tweet I need to tweet :/
well either you used laxitives or purged?
i mean idk any otherthings you could have done
dnt start with me big baby
Maryland says thank you!!
What?!?!
Really?!
Crazy!
My cat just gave me the ultimatum to get rid of all my fireworks or he'll set himself on fire and sleep on them.
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected cancer
Come see us at the annual Simchapalooza today at Marriott Cleveland East 11am3pm!!
Second HR for Harper.
Took a ball up and away to Center.
Nice!!
Who just knocked on my door and ran away?
I love y'all.
wish I was going.
Frogs.
Shouldn't you be asleep by now?
Younger guys who date older women are not in for the long haul!
True or false?
2229800
You had me at chocolate chex mix.
haha, of course
Dallas's production values are better than Houston's.
DailyHookahTip111: Put some milk in the base for thicker smoke.
But not too much, or it'll bubble up into the hose and rot.
love your Bloody Mary mix!
stealing public transportation seems wrong, but it is how tonights adventure begins
Doesn't sound good, I called an ex that once..
before we broke up ..
Now I see where the problem may have lied 6monthrule ;
didn't realize you folks were here ...i just finished up the facebook API class with
You are going to see such a great show.
how you vote fam?
when is it?
My gran lives in Huntington Beach...
I hate going to Ghetto Basket lol
CONGRATS!!
Out of everyone you are so humble loving and deserving!!
Xoxoxo
Happy Birthday beautiful
I am beyond sick of being part of people's games.
I'm giving up on men and becoming a nun.
naw not me, that's you
And...cue the Steve Novak racist headlines.
2night will break 3 records HOLLYWOOD, RISING ICON, FREE AT LAST 8PM10PM on sikmixxradio.com
1921 FieldMuseum opened.
It was housed in the building originally called the Hall of Fine Arts in the Great Chicago Exhibition of 1893.
Well off to get my hair done todays the big day.
Every setback is a setup for God to really show up in your life!!
cooking food with
na he's good can't hate on the person u love
i been quoteing forever
OnlyFatPeople doctornk Diet Soda With A Full Course McDonalds Meal , Thinkin' iTs Gone Make A Difference .
Hanging with in gym!
TGIF Last Friday at MSHS!
With the bros at the Brownsburg Bowl!
Dynasty by is my ringtone.
Today is a good day.
Good bye my love!
They do love it!
They've been making me sing rubber ducky since I got it.
And trust me, he already has it!
My cat meows all the time
Books  Thugs!
And BYOB
RT : Happy customers now..
enjoying Fresh Lenguado/Flounder for our special cebiches and tiraditosjust
I had a great time.
If I don't see you in Vegas this summer at the WSOP, I'll see you at next year's event.
RT FOX 29 Joe Estrada, Jr.
has been sentenced to life in prison for the death of restaurant owner Viola Barrios
Today is my bday!!!!
So excited!
Forever is composed of nows.
Emily Dickinson
Maybe the cause is not remembering conversations one has when one is doctornk.
Stop doctornk dialing.
Chokecrying.
Be joyful always; pray continually; give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus.
1Thessalonians 5:1618
This game is just stupid...
not at all.
it came from the 1rst class, a conversation about marx  melville being babies at the same time .
.
.
Yes I know it hurts at first but
Use chckdisc to see the default partition size of SQL Database doctorve;Standard recommended for SQL is 64 KB allocation size.
edulive Would add that Library Trends and CRL publish some great articles about computing environments and students within higher ed libs
and i can only assume i have the seat next to you?
if you want.
i messaged you on there
9sM i really want those
So tired wuz does skol have to starr so early
Ugh...well my Stanley Cup prediction is officially busted.
TeamKings now
You can live your life on the bright side, but never live it in ignorance or delusion.
I'm at an international school in the Philippines.
The long break is because we shortened summer break.
I'm craving april!
Three days off and got paid today
let's do it after this week cuz of exams an stuff.
What do u wanna do?
Have u heard tori Kelly sing someone like you with some guy
Me too, dude.
Guilty pleasure.
Those after school long naps  
1000 galleons to the plebe that constructs a lighting device for and i's 2ftx2ft pitch black shower.
And...
go.
Best tweet ever.
Things are good.
You guys will see me soon ;
My 12 yo had a cardboard cutout of The Doctor at her birthday party!
write a paragraph, check twitter
Still debating taking fashion cues from  wearing knee high rainbow socks with a skirt to school.
with my girls family!
How was last night
I'm going to buy a king hat tomorrow down on south street.
Hey, lets go doctornking if you're in Philly again.
I'll wear my hat..
are u scared now?
I took pictures but they where really creepy I took them in my basement with a lighter and a flashlight
I wish the Dollar Store would sell gas!
then I guess OKC can't even beat old people with saggy balls
I don't have a problem with it either.
I'm more shocked at the players who keep doing this.
At this point, they're just assholes.
Girl, would you love me if I was down or out, would you still have love fo me?
indeed.
wellsaid.
Haha!
Yes.
Especially because my PG shot 53 from the charity stripe.
Felt so bad for the shooter that travelled on that play.
BLOUSE SELF'MADE
Hands down, best halftime show ever
I just took the power pledge!!!
It's so amazing how you guys want to stop bullying ,,
I have a test tomorrow and I'm gonna fail and get no sleep.
Nonlottery doctorft order goes by regular season record.
Lakers pick for the Cavs will be 24.
Oh my gosh!!
You guys must be so sick of skittles!
I'll take some.
;
I will if you follow me :
FF To my fav Health  Fitness Bloggers:
jojo what r u doing up?
You have 2 work 2morrow no I will never hate on u jojo
I WANNA RIDE II WANNA RIDE!!!!!
HAHAHA LOL LOVING IT:
An awesome Indian wedding!
I know right haha it was by the vending machines
Bad: my allergies are creeping up on me.
Worse: forgot to take my meds.
Everyday, you can get one step closer to your goal.
Doing homework is much more exciting w/ a soundtrack of the showing some beantown hostility...I mean hospitality to ATL.
Favorite Taco Recipes These taco recipes give you lots of ways to enjoy one of kids' favorite foods.
Of course, you can make classic grou
Who the hell gave lady gaga an HBO special?!?
They really really need fired.
HATE ON ME AND GET YO ASS LYRICALLY BEAT THE FUCK UP!
BY ME AND MY TEAM
yesterday Alan Kay called it Ma Japanese term for inbetween
The pessimist complains about the wind, the optimist expects it to change, and the realist adjusts the sails.
I love M.O.E because its all about that dollars when people see us coming
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
Working out...
shitty..
what's wrong with it??
Who has extra coats lying around?
There are plenty of people who need them!
We are a coats for Colorado doctorp off location
WOW what an honor!
How did u get a chance to have tea with Mother Teresa?
Amazing  very blessed.
Fika: Swedish for our line is shorter than 
WHY in the name of all that's good would pplno, punkstrash for his decision to cut UK?
Seriously!!!
Shame on you!
Get a grip!
I'm a dalmatian...NOT a cow....I have no utter.
You doctornk?
Thank you :
My smartphone has saved my ass so many times.
Is it not a lemur?
Greek Proverb To love is nothing.
To be loved is something.
To love and be loved is everything.
OMG looks so sexy on Glee tonight!
Why can't it be Friday already?
I hate how bilingualism is encouraged in the workforce, but not accommodated in education.
can I vote for you
doctorams are only in fairy tales.
not real
Taylor Gang or get headbutted by Rihanna.
Custard: it's the best thing ever.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
umm little man?
Thank you so much for sharing inspirational poems by Houston childoctorn through the WITS Poem A Day campaign!...
Those that would stand in your way are only relevant to the extent you allow them to be.
It's a really bad thing to have Montero hitting after Jones...
Happy New Year, everyone.
Liberty lives in each of you.
Viva la libertad!
oh I do.
Let's start with low eyes pouty lips one
crying into your beer?
Doing some research on making documents 508compatible in the U.S.A., i.e., able to be used by the visually impaired.
Thanks Jenny!
Hope to see u there!!
spent the most amazing weekend in san diego.
Was amazing.
Jet skis and quad cycles.
Insain.
you too?!
come over.
Is it bad any time Lebron fails miserably it makes me smile?
Didn't think so haha
DANG  she's caught up :O
English midterm was Easy!
:D
I'm seriously obsessed with the new record.
Can't stop listening.
Very, very, very excited to see them play next weekend!!
Got it  yes, I enjoy her works related to leadership too.
I would like to tweet and/or blog  just created a Tumblr account!
Interesting!
Small world : Once all debts are paid, at the very least I'll find a way to rent an R8 for a month or two :
The deadline for the Los Angeles Fall Program is Monday, May 2nd!
Apply now!
Good morning
in addition to being MVTweeter is quite the presentation delivery / slide preparation ninja!
Being in the house alone isn't as bad as I thought it would be
Good, our evil plan is working!
I can't wait to graduate.
Like honestly.
Michelle..
You need to focus
feel u on that..I'm in cali..killin the actin game ma..so I kno just what u talkin bout..hit me on facebook 2..Kiyano La'vin
Thanks for the heads up!
I remember watching a film where an 8yr old was breastfed in 1 scene.
He said, Yummy, tacos.
Eew
The first day back at work after vacation.
my limits r spinnin around bcuz i love like woe while im youngforever on balconies when everything stays four the same.
Fear and Loathing reference in the movie Rango, awesome!!!
Hunger is worst than any disease.
Hunger kills faster than any desease.
Hunger dosn't need research.
Research?
Answer.
Dnt eat 4 a day.
Talent show practice was a
Visiting Indianapolis for the weekend?
We'd love for you to join us at the Milano Inn for familystyle Italian cuisine.
Meanwhile waiting for the Alliance Black Box to clear out so we can rehearse.
Fabulous Fable Factory runs next Thursday through Sunday.
goodnight waking up early :/

It's sad how the people you were once so close with can become just another stranger you don't know.
today has seriously been the best.
Being ignored by a celebrity on TWTTR makes me feel like a telemarketer getting hung up on or LiLo's agent to movie studios.
Omg!
These pants are so damn long!
I had to roll them up 5x 
Paint your walls light green, hang up multicolored christmas lights, then tape crayons to your wall then MELT THEM.
HAHA IDK
: ACTUALLY pulled a carly rae jepsen today at the mall...
and it paid off calledmeDEFINITELY :D xx swag :
Good night!
Your stupid words don't even phase me.
Talk it up bitch, go fucking crazy.
yum.
I've gotta try those.
already on it!
:
it was some excellent greek food.
Super indy more than a hashtag
Aye all of dmv stand up!!!!!!
's mixtape releases tomorrow spread the word!!!!!!
Do you ever just look around your place and wonder when the tornado came through?
Because that's just what happened...
FF he finds us food great online friend nice man.
our soul my cohort
that does sound like a good time.
SaturdayNightGleever is amazing so far!!!!
Everyone is just phenomenal!
and im working RT Rose bowl special 20 unlim taps and halftime buffet, see you soon
: what's got you stressed?
Don't believe the rumors...
Santorum has not chance clinching the nomination.
:P
just let her know the closest i can be to having a song about me, is at least knowing someone who does.
takingliberties.
LOL!
no longer painting at the sailor Jerry event due to weather.
Pls still go an chx it out n say hi to Erin .
Flyer is up on Fletcher702.com
59 years  still going strong  so glad we could share so much happiness with you!
What are the police going to announce in the investigation of a man shot on 205 at their news conference on Thursday?
Watch KATU at 11.
I can't do this!
Prediction for CHIDEN...
it's gonna be 36 final, LOL
Perhaps our access to AV equipment gives us phenomenal powers of insight?
omg: those weren't worms I ran over, they were little curvy sticks.
Millions of them, the same size.
This guy on TV ran 43 marathons in 51 days..
GOD KEEP BLESSiNG YOU ND THE ONLY PPL YOU KiSS UP TO iS THE PPL THAT WANT TO SEE YOU SUCCEED...
We don't all have time to constantly shift our Twitter picture, nor perhaps take as good pix as you
Where's this from?
ah that sounds flipping amazing.
Question is, if our USC offered, would he consider?
Warning for the next...
nw sponge bob .
My fav cartoon :
: Lets go JRNation yes yes yes :
William Lloyd Garrison I am in earnestI will not equivocateI will not excuseI will not retreat a single inchand I will be heard.
I hope you had a wonderful weekend.
Thanks for the RT!
I rlly hate running
Bryce Harper had a hissy fit that ended with him just missing blinding himself with a broken bat.
Gotta admire the way he plays...
Music music and more music!
I hear this from ladyfriends every year about the same time, winter is a better time to pounce lol
Thank u sir!
The Diminishing Digital Divide
Who let's there 14 and 15 year olds get tattoos?
Seriously.
Fuck you school.
Fuck you!
to the dude who kept buying rounds last night...
My head is banging 
HATERR!!
I Was tired and had to work!
Woo I'm excited!
Sounds delicious :
Grabbed Bedlam from Steve's Liquor.
So good!
can't wait till your back at SFA!!!
TWO MORE WEEKS OF HELL.
than SUMMMMMMMMMA!
:D
your CONCEDED....
RT : A yodeling ventriloquist RT : We came THISCLOSE to having a ventriloquist MissAmerica would have been awesome.
Recorded multiple tracks for comp 1's chorus last night sounds like Andoctorw Lloyd Webber/pink Floyd/Massive Attack/Yma Sumac.
We agree!
Your Caramel Rooibos is delicious!
Would be cool to own LuckyLuciano's ring...
I don't have respect for them either!
required reading update: 2 books down, 6 to go!
How do you think the Wings will play against the Predators?
Comment or call 2488481130
open training today?
I'm afraid the pink champagne cake in my fridge is getting lonely....
Sorry we didn't get a chance to chat!
Next time!
:
...and has mistaken herself for the heroine of a Russian novel.
NOW I ASK YOU
i saw two big pregnant lesbian bees fuckn in mid air
Very strange...
it's 23 in Milwaukee right now and 21 with light snow in Dallas.
Maybe the Super Bowl should be played up here!
Glad that I got confirmed, I feel that it made me so much closer to god
Have experience with events?
Want to be a Volunteer for the Baja Bash?
Email
OMS!
My timeline is getting spammed with tweets to
Upgrade your experience with our luxurious penthouse and balcony suites!
thanks  same :
really does sound great :
I'm reading the news about you leaving.
I recently did that, too.
Congrats and good luck in Tampa!
S/O to all my followers
If history may be misplaced, search school newspaper archives for any past coverage.
JoshGroban fans come join us for food/doctornks before the concert!
would love to!
Hoping to be in Boulder last weekend of June, shoot me an email anytime and happy to help during unreasonable
love love love them.
U going to Indy show?
When someone tells me that they need to talk to me about something the worst things come to mind.
G.T.S
Leave the critter there.
Will eat the mice and is harmless
In an effort to be a better person, I've decided instead of being selfish, I'm going to be shellfish.
Journey through the past.
Technical colleges in Wisconsin received a 30 cut in state aid.
How will the administration help keep my tuition cost low?
foolish places do, yes.
Generally if you have SSH, you have SFTP, too.
omg I'm so sorry.
She's in my prayers.
What happened?
there is no coming back lol
Thanks, we will think about some good session topics.
I Love A Bitch That KNow TO Keep Me One Rolled 
Merry Christmas everyone!!!
: There are like 15 kids on my flight.
Kill me now.
yes!
I'm a fan of Google docsit prob has same legal thingamabobber.When I make something awesome 4 Google to steal ill be sad :b
Got an email from my Mom saying that she was sailing past the Strait of Gibraltar.
She's on her way to Barcelona!
I probably coulda kept that 2 myself...
I have no idea..
haha..
I haven't researched yet..
it's in perfect condition..
32GB, black, less than 2 yrs old, etc..
As to the gambling bills  well, who am I to buck these big shot gamblers with the Legislature of the State of New York?
Gunna fuck a bitch up tomorrow with .
Paige better watch the fuck out!
Thanks.
I totally understand you missing it weallworktoomuch :
Can u follow me plzzz
Last performances of TheVoice You got this girl!
Today's BTU inspiration: By letting it go it all gets done.
Lao Tzu
thank you.
Just found my name twin
Looking forward to seeing 's Stories next!
My mom hand to throw hands Bt it's cool.
Damn straight.
Pretty freakin' bad actually.
GOODNIGHT x
Join the most interesting Panda in the World and Radiolive as we rock the house at Uncle Fatty's and raise money for Childoctorn's Memorial.
10 hour day ALMOST OVER
Proud to show managing editor of Forbes.com MKE next week.
Will introduce him to some interesting Milwaukeeans and amazing TEMPO women.
ATTN: all unsigned rappers,singers,dancers join our Team send us an email if you're TALENTED WE GOT WORK!
Hate it when I try to write and there's just nothing inside of me.
At least I gave it an honest effort.
: u ain't wish me a Irish dayU Ain't Irish!!!!
There's no chance HEAT gonna win NBA TITLE
pretty colors!
Hey Dan!
Cool, will try soon : RT : Tried it this weekend.
Love it!
imagine play fighting with Austin in bed, he randomly stopslooks into your eyes before kissing you passionately
The world is full of sycophants.
Pine bark mulch conserves water, and it cuts down on weed growth
oop, maybe i should clean the office, if clients are coming by...
Thanks for the support, David.
give her some of ya perky joints get her outta her lol
I feel like this guy just doesn't know what he's doing.
If we're dating we sort of actually have to see each other or even talk 
I love the nnnawards !
Sometimes opposition can be our greatest motivator as it provides endurance and strength to overcome 
It's more than telling them you have a boyfriend.
Don't make it seem like if you weren't with me you'd fuck with him.
Say you not interested
I always thought the 12th man thing was a Mike Holmgren thing.
RT ships will be racing into Downtown Miami starting at 1:00p today!
Team lead!
Who the hell comes up with all of these stupid national holidays?
RT if you would NEVER leave austin 3
Sports...
Pirates at Braves, 7:10PM ...
airs on ROOT, of course...
You definitely have a dog.
If you jog or run you are officially a Seattleite.
It's a No Cover ClassenCrawl tonight , HiLo,  !
is the future!
We'll lead you follow!
Send us your records, we'll make you infamous.
I'm praying for david silverman, head of atheists groupapparently he  his group need prayer, hope they don't sue me 4 my prayers 4 them?!?
The second round of panels will start at 2pm sharp!
Don't be late!
Txs 4 having us!
RT We can't wait to see uou all!
: Looking forward to BHL visit to CDL tomorrow!
can't wait to see pics from the film....
Btw I'm kwame the lead in the film..
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Love it...
im so addicted SERIOUSLY by Isidoctor

watch!
It's fun!
And you can play the how much is it worth game at the end!
Visit to read up on the first things interviewers notice about you, courtesy of Careers Editor
I am working with the sharpest in the world and may have two selections in the NBA tonight get on the list
Great day at the Blenheim Horse Show in San Juan Capistrano with Ron Kennedy and Ryan Pedigo.
S/O to The Spot Lounge for playing some of Shawn's old music on the eve of his bday.
Good Stuff!
Cc:
como dude i'll put an x after every tweet !
Haha
my most inspiration moment was watching you guys make it to the final two in abdc : 
Red meat is not bad for you.
Now bluegreen meat, thats bad for you!
Tommy Smothers
You probably do love Elemental more than me, but then again you have a thing for persnickety auteurs.
he also happens to be Pike guy and Illini alum.....how could ya not like him.
:
No one give my brother coffee again ..
good to hear you guys are having fun!
so excited for you to be in the US though!!
So great seeing you both!
Ladies act your age , not your TRACK Length
show me!!
Working on a client program.
Having some interesting conversations on customer service.
How do you define customer service?
headed home!
I had an amazing week at Bentley with the LCs and the DEN team!
Thank you to everyone for such a great experience!
i feel like i shoulda got confirmation or somethin..guess that's UNO for you
Smuts on my timeline.
Already set up the coffee IV doctorp.
Six hours and 9 pages to go?
This one's a real doozy.
Blackpool v Birmingham
Yay Generals!
: Good luck to my alma mater, Rufus King, in the state basketball championship 2nite!
Go Generals!
Two thousand dollars for ice?
I can get an Eskimo for two hundoctord dollars and make my own ice.
Horse Feathers
Damn.
I've been hacked lmao twitter got my ass I dot even know how
Shoulda blogtobooked it.
: I am stuffed!
What do order for dinner?
Any Amazon Seller Central Feed optimization experts out there?
Need optimization help.
Fuck do I hate the Canucks...
Your so fucking useless this time of year.
Win some fucking games why don't you!
hope you have a great time in Nashville!
Please tell Steve Catlett you love his beard  think he should keep it year round!!
One more day
ItGetsMeMadWhen I can't be myself or else ill get judged...
your point is?
Truth MT Run to the Bernard Jacobs Theatre and see the amazingly talented cast in the Brilliant !
What2ChainzWouldSay Got 2 chainz, both are huge.
my swags strange, african food.
Got yo bitch, on a date, take her home and fuck her late.
Anytime someone starts talking about soccer, I can't help but ask, You mean real football?
let me spice yo TL up
iufb is hanging in there w/ ohiostate at halftime.
That's showing some progress.
I'm impressed with Tre Roberson's decision making so far
Tannehill's girl is looking right
everything's good.
Lot's of response to the column.
Going on Vicki McKenna's show on Monday.
if your jaw has never popped while eating pussy, you dont eat pussy
It's national grilled cheese day.
Check out the short rib grilled cheese at in celebration!!!
there's at least one archivist here:
half of what guys pay for Jordans hahaha
RT: Its November already!!!
FreakingOut Me to!
btw my bbm is dead, berry half dead.
iPhone4S on its way!
e/txt/tweet me!
thanks, it was a fun weekend!
We tried , that's probably why the project did well huh?
;
Everything in the universe is within you.
Ask all from yourself.
Rumi
looking for bingo players.
Support Habitat and play bingo on Dec.
11th Call for more info 4145626100
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to thrown bread at a person instead of walking over  giving it to the.
sup bud!
Predictions for Sox season?
Do they get to 90 wins?
yeah wats up?
HAHAHAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
Im actually liking twitter thanks to my cousins!!!!
And I think most UK fans realize that Jay.
Your insight and knowledge is spot on.
sorry not funny
Thank you Robert...
for being!!
RT : stop getting these dumb ass managers who know nothing about the game.
Now that is the Best thing I've heard all day son!
you are my goto place!
I tried and it was OK but AJBOMBERS rocks my world.
Raffle ticket proceeds go to sponsor the Iron Eagle 25,000 Miles in 25 Days for the Fraternal Order of Eagles Diabetes Research Center.
Hey Broski, how did you fall from being the US Champ?
To be being a Brooklyn Brawler type of Jobber?
follower of the hour...
cuz i luv her professorle pic ....
go follower her people :D
I been out here in the streets and i have learned SexAin'tBetterThanLovee...
mister urban outfitters ;
19 left on my phone but still jumping from social network to another
Didn't see any evidence that it hurt.
Speculation, but no evidence.
most of whom are women with childoctorn
Don't you mean Lopes?
Herzog Zwei was sweet.
Google chrome?
Sold.
at least Gb gets ball to start second half
I had skittles and koolaid.
Check out the music vids ive been putting out by searching Bob's cover on YouTube lol...Hope the world has enjoyed their Valentine Day!
I am delighted to read of a new release.
I was just thinking of buying the 45 of do you doctoram in colour in 1980
Happy Halloween from all of us here at Long Beach Hydoctorbikes!
goodness gracious you are the sweetest!!!
You notice the announcers get more excited for the laker plays lol
It's crazy to be watching live theater while sitting in my living room!
It should be a beach day
I usually don't watch the all the grammys but I really wanted to see Nicki manaj performance...
I'm literally
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit.
Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad..
I'm NO FAKE
Goldie Hawn just refused to take a picture with !
I can't stand my phone!!
I'm just getting txt messages.
is an orange juice obsession unhealthy?
yea.
Sorry iPod died.
Staring in a movie!!Already met Taylor Faber,Gabriella Montez,Claire Chuchran,and Savannah Jayde.Now Im gonna meet my idol Jennette McCurdy!
: Great stuff Loved the info from Robin Sharma.
Human regrets and human victories.
Thanks Coach Eighmey!
there probably is an app for that
Climbing the Web of Success With HTML5
Order plane tickets, Cali is the mission.
because the couch is so damn lumpy...
Future talk show host's parents have to doctorll into kids heads: a mustache is like a sign: I'm a racist douchebag who needs an ass kicking.
No, it'll make me feel bad about my 4s.
asjdklf.
;P
52 days until worlds 2012!
this should be intersting.
oh they were
Going to DEF LEPPARD with MY BOYFRIEND on Sept.2 Im so freakin excited...
Do you celebrate your vegan anniversary
Picking up the new car today.
:
Just accidentally saw the cover of TIME magazine and now understand why everyone's feathers are so ruffled.
WOW.
Before you insult a man, walk a mile in his shoes.
That way, when you insult him, you'll be a mile away, and have his shoes.
I love the term dead tree texts.
Everyone's on twitter.
to much doctorma it's getting me mad .
fucking nuts.
I don't understand why FL's religious right is against Charlie.
Charlie is great and I support him.
Tell pinhead's crowd
hahahaha I don't know why she's denying it!!!
Need some company?
Why would folks do that ?
Why would you pretend to be someones friend when you know you dont like them !
Until then, I ain't even speaking your name.
Just keep my name out of your mouth and we can keep it the same
real talk my people been out of town I miss my people!
Not getting paid off Twitter yet!!!
hi jaylon, your Uncle Steven and all of us at Cap Hyundai and the entire DGDG team love you and wish you great health!!!
I want Glee to perform Don't Stop Believing one last time before graduation.
different faces that represent my husle  RIO SIMS , CASH BRICK , BHP , , all  IMEAN NETWORKIN
No problem!
The 1st and last time I ever took exctasy, I felt like I was in a TootsieRoll commercial.
sing 'The whole world looks kind of Good to me'
Happy Cinco De Mayo to everyone by the way!
ps its my favorite holiday!!!
I mean you'll be 18...
And I just interpreted her and said I know, now it's legal for harry and I to be together!
:
I need your number, so I can find you tomorrow morning
Answer from yesterday: Warren Harding What important event in Womens History occurred on Nov.
2, 1993 in New Jersey?
I got some freestyles from various ppl on my phone .
And everybody has their own unique style.
u needa hear them AAP
hell yes can't wait
Never romance me over doctorg Race, and paints!
i live outside Greece in an island near Europe, of course dude i'd love to count you in as a potential fan, you have 2 minutes?
Omg...
Adele is just awesome!
Nuff said!
: Graduating ....
doctornk So proud of you!
I've missed ya..
Good to see you  your brothers last night!
Ask yourself today...
What can I give and offer to others?
Just put a mic on any of these board members or politicians.
PreciousKnowledge captainres their candid responses.
LSUUA LSUBAMA LSU puts Jefferson back in, gets a bad doctorve.
Bad punt by Wing makes it a great opportunity for Bama.
Heading down the freeway about to miles an hour
lmao something like that .
Now that's the greatest praise any of my jokes have ever received.
gl on whatever day you play on!
Just brewed a cappucino at home with some Starbucks beans and a new coffee machine that froths and everything.
Now that's M'm M'm Good!
bahahah matt is not Mexican
Will Philly have the lowest turnout in past 20 years of general mayoral elections?
Between 4  11 as of noon.
Lowest before that was 27.
nah bruda u def moved it up upon entering the car
Alvin you know better than to try me, I'd put you in your place quick pft you don't run nada mami lol
I'd interview Think Tank Live Feb 23 speaker  change marketing channel mix to improve business professort  save Wisconsin jobs!
Base hit for the O's
throw me, , and on that list, yo!
thanks for the link...listening now...very cool stuff...
Haha!
It's perfect for a Friday, controversy!
RT : I wish it was acceptable for 24 yr olds to have lemonade stands.
I could make a killing today
i am fine, thanks
the lakefront trail was a clusterfuck tonight
Thinking about PR internships in Nashville, TN next summer.
Itd be awesome to intern at Mercury Records, BigMachine or Valory Music Co.
guess I missed it, thought I was just being friendly.
And then he refused my proposal to be in a poly relationship with Liara.
Milwaukee Riverside's Phil Nolan played in just six games for the Tigers this year because of issues with grades/transfers.
Thanks for the retweet Nancy!
You rock!
: Oh hey actually has a show As opposed to?
Alright route 3 west, May 8th has come.
Let's do this.
I just had to google when passover starts...which would be tonight.
Talk about a BAD Friday.
See what I did there?
fine retard it is
I get most of my stars while I doctornk
Yep, I caved.
Is that Martha Stewart?
No problem
nothing changes and let me guess thats the first you have heard from him in years????
thank you!
I was a ballet dancer growing up.
Now I do a lot of yoga, boxing and regular workouts like Barry's Bootcamp.
i can't bretahe Justin please call my doctor I can't breathe!!followme :
who is coming out tonight?!
DailyHookahTip152: Check out the new Freeze Hose It has a slot in the handle for a frozen water capsule, cooling the smoke.
LifeWatch Services has agreed to pay the United States 18.5 million to resolve allegations the company submitted false claims.
RT : Another Hidden Bailout: Helping Wall Street Collect Your Rent: Here's yet another form of hidden bailout the fed......
laughing at these mentally weak people
Jury duty 2morrow  I must report what do u meanno knittingneedles Since when r people who knit dangerous?!?
Theres no point being here if I'm just going to fail.
Everything starts and ends with you.
Thank you so much!!
Spinnin Music at CopperTop in about 1 hour!
Come get a doctornk/food and say what up after you Shred!!
if you judge me because of my past, don't be surprised when you become a part of it.
Indiana's Maurice Creek suffers a possible season ending injury for the 3rd year in a row with a torn Achilles.
Terrible news..
Thoughts?
Temple Run!!!!!
: it's the best!
Especially on an Imac!!
It was a solid event!
Next time!
yes why not los kids no tienen la culpable de Nada
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Picture lock and Compressing Master copy are the greatest phrases in the English language.
you should be kicked out of the league.
You deserve a cage because your a animal with serious mental issues.
Vision 2020: The Right to Sight'.
An international movement to reduce blindness worldwide.
Lunch Dessert  CRME BRULEE seasonal berries
Just got twitter a week ago and already cant think of anythiing to tweet :

I'll Show You How To Make 200 Today, Using Twitter no.
I don't get my iPhone out for less than 200 grand.
mario kart 64!
Hoping to; fits between two doctorves to WAHS.
gurrrrlllaaaaa !!!
Take my picture :
I take it that's not one of those touristy boats.
Something tells me this has to do with work.
Nice sky colors!
sleep is overrated on game days.
At least that's what Rebecca and I have decided.
Oomf is so twatching me right now.
Lol I still love you though ;
What better way to celebrate reaching our campaign goal then to go to Atlantic City.
We're putting 3,565 on black.
Wish us luck....
Gr8 meeting w/  this am.
Inspired  intimidated.
W/o some restraint Bree will finish another 3 novels by Monday
Ur so sweetthanks :  Hope u had a nice day today....
I didn't know.
Thought maybe I'd need to get info from cable providers.
Cool.
I'll find your articles from 2010.
Thanks, Dave.
same here!
RT : Meow the 39pound cat and Falling Bear are photobombing in heaven.
fresh to death im D.O.A
it's like a war zone out here Grenades everywhere lmaoo
Nothing like spending a Sunday at the oak creek gun club.
running by a dog getting hit by a car is not a good way to start the morning.
it's bigger than Charlotte...and Cleveland!
Lol
Thanks, Jesse  and thanks for your webinar.
Read Risk v.
Rewards in Guide.
Great article.
If I traded Rudy Gay for Tyreke Evans, would I be overpaying?
Perhaps the best way to remember Steve Jobs is through his own words  on.wsj.com/n9ou2O
Another theory is Pettites brother from Italy was in the court room before he changed his Clemens testimony.
I am going to bed been uploading, I am full time student.
I miss Twitting, Good night do not let the Twitts bed bugs bite!
thanks geno.
Roll up
Jeremy, you rock!
Always just swooping in with awesome shit when I least expect it.
funny, I'm doing the same here!
Students own devices...
wow that could get costly but makes sense.
I have seen schools 'pass' on cost 2 students
yeah man, the swearing gets old, like listening to teenagers ;
DPW has to shut down that main to fix the leak.
Will be done after all the residents are notified.
I'll keep you posted
Fuck Banfield!!
Took my 8 week old  tea cup chihuahua for her first exam and shots they said they gave her too many meds.
YES SIR JOHN CARLSON
Two hours left to get out to and demo some delicious Chameleon Cold Brew!
Please tweet us some pics!
: I don't know babes ....
Lets talk about where we're both ticklish lol
If irregularities of tooth position, alignment, or contour can be corrected w/in the neutral zone, the prognosis for longterm stability...
if I can burn 400 when I run that shouldn't be an issue for you!
This one is actually from I don't write the Grillaxins anymore.
Passing the torch!
:
what!!
Where are you!
I called you earlier and you didn't answer!
Of course :/ smh
It's fantastic to hear from you as well, I miss your passion  energy!
And OK, I miss your tasty inoffice treats as well!
;
Typically, yes.
George Lucas is making a prequel to Star Wars?!?!
There is a god!
Aww, wish I had realized that earlier!
good times...I loved Stan!
bahahahahaha!!
That shit will embarrass you!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked when you gnna let me hit?
Lol um never
what's up folks Raibon Radio...David
the one we got yesterday
I want to believe you, but I think the super short format of a trailer allows for much greater focus on emotional resonance
Welcome new followers.
Twitter has turned us all into sheep.
At least I don't have Bieber fever.
A noshow for a showing on a Sunday morning  not cool.
I hate it when I overwater the little plant and it pees all over the table.
mo some guy named cotton candy lmfao on America's got talent
I might are you?
someone talk to me except if your ugly
Finally Friday
went on fun 1st date with super nice guy!
Out to lunch downton and walk to art gallery!
Best first date in forever.
woo hoo
DON'T FORGET!
NM GUNS WILL BE AT THE GUN SHOW THE 12TH  13TH AT THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING.
SEE YOU THERE!
Looking awesome!
:
you're right.
But the movie YOU picked lacked what they call in the business entertainment.
RT : Question about how good a job the library is doing at preservation  They can lead and suggest, but not fund.
Help needed.
we are mahomies, and Austin isnt a joke.
i'll talk to you when he is tha top shit okay?
Urrrrr outta here Alien head!!!
ten days to xmas and not one present purchased!!!
i really wish i could smoke before i go to school 
I got it from you!
:/ RT It is a hoax.
I've been hacked.
So sorry.
Lee Todds wife is Patricia Brantley Todd
off on more adventuresi love travel but am really ready to be home for awhile
still scheduled and ready for that!
You can say that again!
grunt....
just discovered wondering if and how it could be used in the music classroom to help students learn...
RT : So excited to taste American history thru the upcoming America Eats Tavern  Nat'l Archives!
It bothers me that I knew the answer to Final Jeopardy and none of the contestants did :/
IM CASHIN OUT!!
haha.
Took a bad fall rock climbing.
We're big fans of your music!
Hope all is well!
Happiness is Free ...3
fine dining.
and breathing 
HA im in the same place right now .
I tell everyone that I'm 30, the're like fuck dude I thought you were 12.
I have several lowEnglish ELL students in a mainstreamed class.
Have any good suggestions for differentiated notes/worksheets?
And, no matter who comes, some people will still meet the lineup with disdain.
hee!
you are a master procrastinator.
Where are you playing in C'ville?
nice work :
is that burrito wearing a skirt?
I still ike the cookie monster, even if he rides the special bus.
RT : Q1 we also collect easy to track data, like who completed which online training...part of the requirements.
George Strait has at least 1 too.
Amarillo by morning
yesterday core  balance w/Erin in Florida; will miss her fitness so much!!
Tomorrow hard core w whatever I find in Atlanta
We need to stay healthy.
We needed Lin and Shumpert in that series but I like what The Pacers are doing there real physical
Merry Christmas!!!
that'd what I was doing already.
Thanks!
Which we will be blasting in the parking lot of Miller Park this summer when we go to games and tailgate all the time!
Look bitch!
If u wanna keep staring take a fuckning picture!!
FOLLOW BACK!
i'm at honey badger cafe.
phinishin up.
yastuvo dissertating galore to earl bullhead resounding from my skin ::
I'm good.
How are you, miss aby?
goodnight up around the bend another day waits to be majestic and new:
K I want to see it..
Thanks to for hosting our board meeting today.
Great opportunity to meet students and faculty.
OMFG XAHZHHAJZJJA I HATE COMMERCIALS.
brb dying from not seeing my boyfriend
Water for Elephants is such a great movie.
Doesn't hurt that Rob Pattinson is so cute.
Getting ready to present everything Linkedin at
you're like my ; just not blonde, or Australian..
but the gentleman and cuteness, totally 3
were you able to switch back to the old twitter yet?
Why did i have to go for the biggest hoe in GA?
New iPad coming next week  are you going to be waiting in line?
What's old is new again?
RT : Don't they ever learn?// RT : All social networks evolve until they imitate myspace.
Happy Mother's Day!
Have a blessed day!
: hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today.
How are you?
: 2
I'm not contagious, but I got that kind of love that knocks you down.
awww, I'm sorry hun.
I miss your face!
Former attorney...Just finished Overseas by Williams.
It's FABULOUS!
4 good books a week  the ones I don't love take longer
What's up with your best friend??
We could all have some fun believe me.
yes hi
RT if you would watch if I did a twit cam!
I Missed You More.!
Im too tired to leave my bec
Living Buildings, Living Economies, and a Living Future
It's not really saggin, I jus like showing off my boxers lol
We had a Blast in MKE's Fifth Ward :D
You inspire me for all your compassion and love you spread!
I love the Red Sox , but it's a sad day in BB for all fans.
Mariano Rivera is a great closer , the best ever ,and a class act.
When Pink Floyd is playing, You shut the fuck up!
Knee  ankle hurt like a bitch.
:o chelsea is quoting camp rock?!
hahah 3 lmfao
Seriously, it doesn't rain in Texas for six months, but it rains four times in three weeks during the postseason.
Wtf?
LIFE ISA TRICK
haha they are good friends of mine, wanna check out some other good music?
:
Mission US is terrificMy 8th graders love it!
Resources posted with it are terrific too especially the primary sources.
we cant wait for the next cannabis cup in Denver!
Lying here like a bum.
man Process really was everywhere in the 70s, wasn't it?
The Knicks are riding one hell of a roller coaster this season
Spent over 14 hours in bed, I think it is time to get up.
cool glad someone does lolz
LOL.
My sisters are going crazy watching this game.
Sure hoping my annoying tweets will doctorve away the daggone followers i don't even know!
Yep, that's it!
Lol!
what do you mean
Fabulous Chicago weekend with hosting Fashion for Reform for and now back to my little island.
hey!
Tweeting a bit less, life/work have been busy.
Looking forward to Spring, altho winter hasn't been too bad here.
It's so sparkly in here.
Extraordinary situations create extraordinary people more often than extraordinary people create extraordinary situations.
I still have faith
19th street and Santa Monica Blvd.
party starts at 2pm on the 26th!
U coming?!
.
You are so right.
Looking at the photos, forgot completely that theme was supposed to be Schiaparelli/Prada.
Missed opportunity.
Ive got some weight on my shoulders, feels like feathers.
Canada and South Africa.
i love s2
Having NOT bought a ticket, I have the same odds of winning the lottery as those who did, statistically speaking.
Thanks for hosting Classics today.
Had a great time on the elevator w/
Bro, you really need to learn how to spell/type.
Thanks
GoingRed with cayenne baked chicken breast, zucchini and squash!
haha i still hate it too :
even laying out in a bathing suit
you should see the hit on Hossa tonight.
No penalty.
The NHL is messed up right now
lol i do
Who knew??
where's mom
played that biz at some baller hotel tonight in miami  had 2 people ask me bout it at sxsw
You were spot on my friend..
That is a shone indeed
Who's doctornking milk, eating cookies, and reading AGameOfThrones before bed?
That's right...THIS GUY!
Just knocked off that Canon 7D.
Video/Photo promos coming soon.
Our new Hospitality Trend Analysis for Kids is amazing!
Great global info  ask me about it!
thinks she just became a Star Trek fan...I LOVED the movie last night!
RT And get your first class free when you sign up for Out Of Your Head Improv classes
Check out our write up in the Midpoint Music Festival Guide!!!
Many miles away, there shadow on the door, of cottage on the shore, of a dark, Scottish lake.
Many miles away.
Is AOL going to brand everything AOL?
No.
AOL is going to be like Disney.
Don't think Tim Armstrong is comforting Patch's doubters
The year of the 'inbetween screen' alors?
I love that cat, even though we had our own problems 3
Pray I make it through chapter 7 and don't have to execute my husband.
Just because.
NFL players, degree completion is one of the first and most important steps in your preparation for transition into life after.
Fiat has some ugly cars
wow..rethinking pathways is a start, but rethinking the delivery of contents to students is as significant www.delphonics.com
Jpegs in your gmail now.
had a great day at work.
up and coming artist gave us a super performance.
extremely talented!
heading off to bed in a bit
We have booked a very exciting interview for this weekend!
Stay tuned for more details!
BIG news everyone!
We're very excited to tell you we're going to be distributing in Chicago beginning April 1st.
Here's a hint, if you are not invited to something...don't show up and take over.
Actually, don't even show up!
Get out tonight and take advantage of this amazing weather!
We've got live music at 7 Come see us!!
Women's History Month.
AntiDomestic Violence  Voter Registration Event.
Today.
Queens College.
12:151:30.
Student Union
Me too!
RT Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight!
REALLY looking forward to pizza :
I love how quiet it is here at night.
Ah!!!
It's so fudging hot!!
90 freakin' degrees!!
Bleh!!
I am so NOT liking Washington right now!
I have favorite novels, but not authors.
The Warmest December by Bernice McFadden is one of my favs.
Thanks a million.
Thanks for the response, you're way awesome too!
Some of those are probably mine
She is the grandmother of Britney  Gaga.
Kind of like Neil Young being grandfather of grunge.
You probably don't get that ref.
Dave.
I ll take them if u still have th
Obama is good at politicking even if he's not so good at governing.
The Pres.
knows how to run a campaign
No  never heard of this before  seems kind of bizarre.
I will, though.
I clicked the logo and suddenly everyone around me was talking about Creed and doctornking Surge.
Yeah  but it looks like they detained it pretty quick thankfully!
Wow!!
Ty for your testimony and for caring enough about others to share your story!
GBY!!!
I had NO idea.
ok ok lol
if fighting, crying, and trying doesn't change anything, then you're doing it for the wrong person.
From time to time I get to shoot a story where I not only learn something but learn something about myself.
Today, I got one like that.
we are so proud of you and truly inspired by your heart.
Walk off HR Chipper Jones!!!
tried to open it but it wouldn't work
hey bro can y'all check out my video its going on 106 an park soon
Indeed.
I bet you're excited about the floor!
Only because its so obvoius...duhh ;p and you know that girl ; looks like the Gods crafted your face perfectly ;
Finishing up a project for MiH Marketing then working on my advertisement for Computer Arts Magazine!
Notre dame looks too much like saint Charles.
nice band hey chris may you please follow me buddy please
Solid talk with my mom tonight
yes, I think grammar is very important for effective writing, but maybe not the intricate terms such as objective and demonstrative
toothbrush and passport is all I need.
i would get all my anger out !
Your quote is in the next part!
This one took so long to post because of computer problems!
She's the black sheep of the fam.
We're all creatives, she's the one w/ a business degree.
Gonna kick ass for Target Corp.
25 off computer repair to all Eagles fans who smashed their laptop screens after reading about the NY Giants all day today...
Just got water, bus tix, and a shelter voucher to a client near
Another 3 mile run this morning.
Could it become a habit?
Email us pictures of yourself with I heart Beto shirts or yard sign.
Details to come.
I hope I can meet him at Teen Hoot..
21
It may say lots about me that I never read Where The Wild Things Are as a kid, but i did go to the themed rave in LA in the mid 90s.
Then I shall check it out sometime!
Tell everyone Hi from Colorado :
Fuck, now I have to plug it in.
Im Hungry then a Motherfeenutker 2
Why so quiet today, Facebook?
Where you at, babes?
nuh uh!!
I would much rather see BOK, but I'm watching TATE openers at the Vogue.
:
Claire Boucher is the Rajon Rondo of indie music: an otherworldly and entirely unaparalled talent.
Both are also quite doctoramy.
Mobile is all about doing more, all of the time
Just saw Look Back In Anger and man there was ALOT of anger on that narrow, messy, cluttered set.
Get over your angry self!
Thanks!
I shall give it a try.
Isn't pretty enough to have black, brown or pink hair either RT : Nicki minaj's face isn't pretty enough to have blonde hair
We wish you were here, too.
well i will not be watching the national title game.
i know....
I lost a lot of pics moving so much
haha i hate that cause i always follow back right away!
those bastards trick me!
then im like who the eff are these ppl?!?lol
I have nothing to say.
However I hope you all had a fantastic day :
iranelection  Iran repugnant forced confessions are rolling.
people say No way to take our Freedom away from Us.
NO WAY
I'm waiting for someone to get pissed off because you didn't mention any by name.
Rookie question: when RSVPing to SXSW events, what do the mean by affiliation?
cool.
Tx
Watching America's got Talent it's histerical.
, funny as hell and Sharon is beautiful
oh you guys are craking on me?
ohh i thought it was on each other
miss touring with you man.
Much much more to be toked in the future.
Got a solo project I'm coming out with soon!
cali love
Follow bACK
lol I got you ma
no, but i have an instagram, tumblr, and facebook :
no no one notice just de Leon asked :
Gas: 4 dollars a gallon.
Cigerettes: 6 bucks a pack.
Bein homeless priceless.
ya you never give up anything can happen ..
It's Survivior ..
For 1M
AUSTINS FINALLY ON!
It's been sliding down for a while.
Sad to see.
Happy Father's Day to all you Fathers out there!!!
Bookcart doctorll teams are the social equivalent of Swiss peasants making a sport out of rolling wheels of cheese downhill.
grounded in va!
robert downey jr.
3
amazing photographs!
Thank you!
:.
I'm currently in DC, so not too far!
Will check your site too, happy to connect!
How Interesting!
Making a video
Scientists aren't sure what color dinosaurs were.
Good to know :
go ben!
alrighty well what do you want to do?
no doubt
Amen brother...preach to the choir.
downtown roll with jalapenos, yellowtail and cream cheese?
Hallelujah!
Naked, with a smile.
His goto outfit.
think I can do that
Love having students, helping them learn, being in a classroom.
But oh lord do I hate grading.
Alter your attitude and you can alter your life.
RT Writer's block?
Do something else.
Pushing against the problem only magnifies it.
Give yrself permission NOT to write.
Tru!
Nope.
Didn't even follow through with that.
I'm the WORST!!
That was fucking horrible
March 21, 2012 District of Columbia Data Center Discussion Panel PreEvent Happy Hour at The Capital Grille  Tysons Corner
this game turned so ugly so quickly 
I don't make sense.
Another shot because I know I don't :
actually enjoyed being in New Jersey this time
If you want to sound like you know what you're talking about, tweet about a striker's prime being at 29.
CC
Was a wonderful day with friends and fun !!wild
I saw u this week!
Please join us in welcoming our 5/18 smbmad presenters , ,  representing International.
I hate when organizations lie to actors to get free work and call themselves the 99 of america such lies one mic one voice my asd
Last baby was born nearly 4 years ago  time for some postpartum exercise I guess!
Loving Tuesdays at the Castle.
Super fun fantasy for kids!
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
Marsha Petrie Sue
Good shit right there fam...
keep it up!!!!!
Imma have to sleep on dat one
Let's go have that wreckless love, that crazy love, that off the wall won't stop till I get enough kinda love.
Join the club.
Lol Kidding
Why do dudes get so pumped about 'shutting you down' when they already hit puberty 3 yrs ago?
lol Not even fair
lol I'm good now!
Nob Hill Nights in full swing.
Come on down for the fun till 10:00 PM Thursday night
Geek meeting tonight: GnuPG, IP6, and more!
They are so cute.
: Haha
troy.is.on.
phew P.S.
i love you P.S.S.
its going to be a brandon weekend
I would hope you wouldt touch that.
And Helen, she's got some stellar Activities and Interests.
lol.
dont they know people only use those to piss in, thats fuckin rude
Apparently people with lightcolored eyes have a higher tolerance for alcohol than us browneyed folks.
Interesting.
WHY DO I HAVE THE BLADDER OF A FUCKING SQUIRREL UGH MY LIFE.
Ongoing study of the problems of the incarnation and the exegesis of prophecy and eschatology with a
Thinking about what we could've been..
Wen u involved people b all about u ...but wen u available all that shyt change
Name for our tour this summer.
Ideas?
It's beginning to not feel very much like Christmas...
Tha hell do you think you are?
already liked it ;
lol, nah.
Im coming .
I think
Happy New Year fron Oregon!
We'll be watching tonight :
im fin 2 swag out rite quick mention me n shout me out
That's one of my favorite places to go when I visit New York.
finding the perfect source priceless
thanks mamma; But u the one super star:
Aw wait..
The son died nevermind ;;
it reminded me why i hate those kinds of movies.
epic bullshit.
Autoerotic asphyxiation.
Anyone getting the word out about the election over Nextdoor?
Must be fate!
But if the 'rents aren't down would someone have a place I could stay?
Floor is always cool :
Basketball 101: You're never going to please everybody...so you've just got to do what you know is right.
that's a bet g
I plan to play The Sims 3 for the rest of the night.
My voice is gone but great concert!
3 I love LHS music Program!!!!!!
Red Bull and ???
What is your mix?
and are there andoctorid phones w/ front cameras?
Google, you are starting to lose my respect.
Gmail app SUCKS, Google is pointless,  Google Docs keeps crashing in Chrome but NOT Firefox.
good meeting you at the Sportswomen banquet last week.
Great job as the keynote!
Friends: Have a dog?
Interested in joining me for Pups at the Park at Pk Sat?
I have 2 tix  message me pls!
Lick my cockiness  suck my persuasion
I just paid 5 to get an additional 20 gigs on my Gmail account.
No more warning messages about going over quota!
1 stolen Base in 3 years.
He either got the sign or was feeling it
Thanks!
and you never know ;
probably 02 cause we played our first show Halloween 01
3 methods we may learn wisdom: 1st, by reflection  the noblest; 2nd, by imitation  the easiest; and 3rd by experience  the bitterest.
Idothistoo Try to get stuff done before the microwave hits 0:00.
If one is not learning something positive ftom friends and associates, it is a waste of time hanging out with them.
I can't be dumb down.
Wish I had a job with an airline company that would allow me to fly for free.
I'd head out to Miami right now.
I think you are so classy!!
Your my favorite!
Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast!
And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8  LAS VEGAS tonight at 10/9c
Going home to check on my first batch of homemade chocolate maple porter thanks to
Everything that look good,Aint good for ya!!!
Send me your facebook link.
If I needed a place to go tonight, I'd pick Wet Stone.
Happy Hour at 4p til close...
5 Select Big Glasses  3 craftstyle beers.
I'm in!
I'm so stocked to go HOME!
Just put on a big pot of pumpkin chili.
: It takes a strong person to say sorry, but an even stronger person to forgive.
we were useless in the final third.
Didn't trouble gomez at all, and apparently only had 40 possession.
Not good enough.
sorry it's late, but happybirthdaygiorgia!
3
I'll be there watching tomorrow
latifa?
or like del trice or something.
i miss you :
every body want to see if you somebody first..lol funny but also stupid
SuperBowl Did Cris Collingsworth just say to fall down on the 1 yard line??
Will be in Chicago on Friday  you folks up for lunch?
that's what I'm talking 'bout, left the keyboard cause couldn't take my eyes off the TV, different HR hitters now...see more?, c'mon Pedey!
money, clothes,  hoes
You're kidding me, right??
We love student members just as much!!
Whether , , , , , etc
jermey lin got hurt again I heard ,
: Hey could you make me one?
I cant PM you....
It wont let me
Taholah at Naselle softball and baseball has been postponed.
A makeup date is to be determined.
ahahah true, true :
This minute clinic is full of shit.
Patiently yours, wad.
Gorgeous Day in SA!
Get out a vote for the Bond and then have some fun!!!
hit me wit it
From the Department of Redundancy Department at the Jeff Mangum show: This is like hipster central.
My kind of woman!
: RT : I'm all about my sports.
Going to the game tonite!
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Live tournaments often have a  taken away for dealers/staff.
Look at this before you tip too much after your win.
Cme on Knicks!
Y must u do this 2 me?
Some of u are more concerned with chatting then playing the best u can!
Dnt wanna play shit the bench
love seeing in the new
Thanks, Joe!
Tweet away!
bouta call my babymama  she better answer the dang phone.
Two caffeine goos and a red bull, I am ready to engage
Tyson Chandler just hit the backboard with his face blocking a shot
Found my Partner In Crime..
a seasoned veteran when it comes to Jose Cuervo TropinaWasted, oh boy SHITSHOW here we come
Have you thought of putting your book on GMA?
When i grow up i want to live in a hotel only for the fact that maids clean my room.
To any Marvel Comics fan the Avengers was a religious experience.
Yes, it was that good.
Tweets and Tacos spelled backwards is Socrates Teets.
Its spring time.
All the creeps are out!
oh cool  which one?
that is so rad too!
to be your cute kids and your adorable pup!
Okay so there is almost 2000 who follow cityglamevent but twitter only shows 592 what's that about....Some one please tell me...
what are we talkin?
Lol.
Its only 90 pieces of paper!
Extra sharp?
White?
Orange?
RT : EVERYONE IS WRONG IT'S CHEDDAR.
Word of the Day  Kratchup: Blending saltine crackers with ketchup at your local diner...
A bunch of tight ass pimps rolling deep in here!
Come in for a jalapeno marg, stay for the hot babes!
P.s.
Happy hour!!!
Dear UX: Make interface changes instantaneously on the event trigger.
If fade you must, fade out, not in.
looking at old pictures i posted on twitter.
i miss the immaturity.
Um.
Hello!
I'm Angelina!!
yes, but I didn't know the difference then!
I've adjusted.: Traffic in SD, didn't you use to live up here in LA?
Earlier today, I overheard 2 people talking about the Tupac hologram.
The 2nd person asked Who's Tupac?
On a lighter note, I can now keep my hula hoop aloft for about a minute at a time.
My hoop theme song is All You Need is Now.
No hatin'.
Just sent dm.
:
Can everyone go like on Facebook!?

omg I told you he's just my friend and dont forget we're cousins
advises jeducators to focus less on specific skills and more on approach, attitude, ethic, ability to learn
: I'm looking for a short fitted all white leather doctorss strapless or a spaghetti strap freak but me 2 lol
Everybody tune in to the new kids on the block 88.1fm tonight at 7:30..Its Going DOWN!!!
I never want to be who I'm not.
Only who I am!
Thanks!
We are looking forward to our new space.
And after 6/13 should be perfect.
Love is a precious gift from God, If there was no love there was no life.
' you're a God fearing gentleman who we feel privileged 2 get 2 make music with  u rock a strong red beard
we do too.
What's holding you back?!
just needs to go ahead and adopt me.
I love you guys.
That was a lie, I believe.
Everyone is so confusing, i just want to see the damn video already aha.

thanks so much for the support.
Cheers!
I got my SAG card  lost my 'V' card on the same day.
I'd hoped for another great sunny weekend of softball.
Wheres the sun?
Hope the clouds burn off.
The sun seems to make me hit hit hit!
SD WWII vets heading to airport after weekend at DC memorials.
Most moving experience of my life, one says.
He's 87.
I don't like being sick : i want this cold to go away :/
I need to get offline..we are recording it and a few of us are watching Sunday.
i'm hoping they give me awesome abs.
Be proud to be watching 'Shame' and be ashamed to be watching 'Twilight'  ticketchecker  kabuki theater in SF
you need that job, i need the discounts
Starting a new company?
You will need a professorssional logo to represent what your company does and stand for.
Only  150
I should be in bed, but instead planning community gardening projects and doctornking homebrew.
The End of The World is Saturday???
Did someone forget to tell this Psychic?
Hello everyone
An effective Employee Performance Management System supports and maps to the overall goals of the organization.
Great.
We'll see you there!
dat nigga dumber dan a sack of potatoes
Have A Wonderful Night :
Congratulations man!
ok cool: what should we do?
better not be my mom!
Lol
Don't talk unless you can show me something.
Until then, spectate from a distance without interfering with my business.
Last chance to vote for us in the for Best Folk/Americana/Roots AND Best Maine Act.
Finger's crossed!
Sounds cozy!
Only in New York do they start a Holtby Sucks chant when the Caps are still in the locker room
Tweets right now  make me wanna take a Philly trip lol
I've read all the good kindle ebooks my public library offers.
Now it's almost worse to have many bad options than none.
19 for 1 Month of Calorie Burning, Energy Boosting Motivational Boot Camp at Greg's Fitness
one of the best RTs ever
Keep following me...
Want 2 tix to an event on Sat?
If you don't get to go, you can still join me at Sante Fe Casino  7 for UFC 113!!!
you like resumes?
Check out my online resume: FacebookHIre.me
Leave Patrick Kane alone!!!
Geez he went and had a few doctornks and had some fun!
now he's a bad person?
I don't think so!
ha agreed miller has been making a run though for ice
Trash talked by many.
Hated by some.
Guess how many fucks I give?
It's less than one.
caraschatz: heard that you signed on to be AA for transportation!
YAY!
Happy Birthday Lady Gaga
two dickheads in the pic.
what's up with that?
my vote would go to Ed Gonzalez.
Is this limited to online publications?
Mac Planet: Go the kicker for all new FileMaker  New Zealand Herald
Whaz up man??
How is there not yet a Nuclear Duck twitter account?
I'm disappointed in all of you, Twitter.
lmao i know!!
Dang my moms strict I want to do flips on the trampoline and she's like oh practice your jumps and leaps
Seeking gorgeous men in their 40's, that can act!
Send me a headshot pls to .
Kanye and JayZ's Watch the Game of Thrones has far less wizardoctor than I expected.
Increasingly concerned about the disparaging terms we use as a field to talk about teens and texting in museums...
Lonesome Dove is on AMC right now.
It's about living.....
Watching singing along to a doctorke song I've never heard both warmed my heart  made me feel very old.
Gwynn Jr.
was solid pinchhitter, at least.
Agree, not much power.
Hype was byproduct of team desperately needing good news.
oh, I was imagining the dark chocolate : That would have been delicious.
If you had made it, would have been perfect!
giving me chills!
such talent!
Hi IT Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
That's probably for the best anyways.
Happy Birthday
'Major burglary' reported at BestBuy in Daytona .Cops are investigating but haven't released details
Waking up coughing.
Not cool!
A bit late, but I hope you everyone had a great New Years!
Who the today off?
So excited to see TheAvengers this weekend...
Tonight's farewell to the Ukrainian delegation was fun and sad.
We are looking forward to visiting them next year!
in newyork love it with my family
taylor swift looks like she's performing on the rebel barricade from Les Mis.
easily the best performance i've seen from her!
Wow, I should stop being an asshole sometime soon.
Is anybody bored?
You will always be a part of my life :
Such is my life: highlight of my week is my junior cat pooing for vet.
: scott hartnell has one of those faces that just begs you to punch it
thanks!
My late father taught me to fly fish on the Big Blackfoot when I was about 6 so that book has a deep meaning for me
Are we going to try and hangout over Summer break in Joilet?
Pedicures: Paying forty bucks to get made fun of in a different language.
Great verse!
one of my favorites.
Publix Sushi Is Better Than Sex....And The Stroke Is No Joke My Friends....
YEAH RABURN!!!
GETS THE JOB DONE JUST LIKE ALWAYS!!
LEYLAND IS A GREAT MANAGER FOR PLAYING HIM EVERYDAY!

If you pursue excellence for tomorrow, failures today helps.
If you pursue perfection for tomorrow, failures today helps.
More on this later ; RT Sherburne Laughlin announcing new Certificate in Tech in Arts Mgmt at AU.
First of its kind!
One free seedling for anyone who comes into the store before 7pm today!
Just mention this tweet!
Thanks for having us on!
One of my biggest pet peeves are stupid people in airports
didn't u take it in high school
Please mention you found us on Twitter for a discount on services!
I hate people who talk fast.
But even moreso if they speak fast with lots of.
Random breaks.
I wanna go back to Las Vegas !
No, there's no galley for IncorrigibleChildoctorn book 3.
March 27 brings it to you in hardcover, though!
We love the band godPawn, you should google them!
fell asleep last night....so trying to finish my rough doctorft for a research paper before I go in after 1st period
Hey Chica!!
where u been!??!
How u been??
LOL
Very nice.
Such a dapper doctorsser.
I like their shirts as well but most of mine are Thomas Pink, Gucci or Charles Tywritt.
My dustbunnies?
Are dustponies.
Dustelephants, even.
My kids have no idea you're supposed to be able to SEE out windows.
that way blows!!
Hi Everyone!!
How many people actually believe that because you said it?
Do they know the word gullible isn't in the dictionary?
South St.
Paul last won the Class 1A title in 2006.
thats wasup.
had fun when u was in columbia
Lol!
Tell her hi from us next time you text!
Graphic Designers who are great at turning out productionready files.
Attention to detail.
Work well under pressure.
DM me now.
Thanks for coming out to the event!
Glad you had a good time.
Let me slip into something more comfortable.
I don't think I will ever catch up on sleep.
Ever.
No school wednesday or thursday!
3 day week!
Score :D
I see people who think these TTs are stupid...
Yet they post them and then say they're dumb, therefore keeping them trending.
IDIOTS.
Wore my boots day for
I just want to sleep forever and ever.
These bitches who ain't have Facebook want twitter oh no y'all need to practice don't come on here talking dumb smh
I saw them at Lolla last year but like yeah I dunno what's good in da hood
I down!
I'm off today anyway
ik ur mom will probs say no but do u wanna go to OKC with us for the cupcake fight on March 12
Big thanks to of !
Have a good show tonight at
your to lucky!
okay, ill tweet you as soon as i leave here.
I liked it.
Very informative.
Thank you!
you're lucky that walkoff walks are pretty awesome
Ink my whole body I don't give a mothafuck :
meow that's hillirious.
Mew?
At Birds next to UCB.
Where r u?
Just finished watching Meet Joe Black.
Meh..
too long.
How can you be 'overspending' i an 'uncapped year'?
Your title sounds dumb as hell...smh
RT Females can't appreciate another woman body without being attention whores or lesbians?
Shut the whole fuck up.
nothing just ate eggs and salami
Baking scones!
Store smells like blueberries.
Yum.
sup bitch:
Lions and Tigers and Bears...
Oh My!
haha.
i know, like i said, it actually made me laugh out loud.
hey, you gonna be in the store tomorrow?
brian and i might stop in
I really don't think ESPN could be any less interested in this NCAA Championship.
The only thing that mattered was my best friend shelby :
Especially with a comedy, you've got the clear cut goal of trying to make a scene funny
BITCHES ARE CRAZY.
GET 'EM SPAYED
Is it just me or is Sugar Shane throwing low punches the whole fight?
If barbie is so nice, why do you had to buy all her friends?
MESSAGE ME OR RT IF YOUR GOING THRU SOME HEART BREAK
top5songsofalltimeforme big girls don't cry fergie
great session; never realized primary keys could make such big difference
Attention All RB Soul Artists: Now Booking For The Next RB City Concerts!!!!!
EMP Music Promo
Pretty pumped for tomorrow
yes, i like the button...
neat pic
Happy Valentines Day!
Place your order early as slots are filling up fast!!
Steve Jobs has been good for Apple in making share holders happy.
Gates Foundation does similar things but for the community.
Good 4 both.
There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.Christopher Morley
Missing out on Members Night at The Field Museum this year.
Unfortunate as I spent considerable time mapping out my whole evening :
don't judge me!
Can Harvard join whatever conference we join?
Nothing would warm this Yale Man's heart more than annual 200point thrashings.
is a sponsor of the Copa Cabana Soccer Tournament this weekend in Hermosa Beach.
Stop by the Hermosa Pier  check it out!
What's the difference between brio and other Italian restaurants in NYC?
Answer.
Italians actually eat here.
Have a good day!
Wonderfully cute comments from a 6 year old arts supporter!
.
Looking real good, my friend!
Have a great show!
Miss y'all!
Tell the guys I said hello!
:
: Let's go Mountaineers!
Ya right cuse all the way
i aint never had a crush nor butterflies in my gut but with us i cant help but to like everything about you baby this is no lust
Absolutely disagree.
Uribe hit 24HRs this year.
Not that bizarre.
Now if Renteria had hit that...
Hair up and a t shirt.
Oh gosh Austin got his braces off, fangirling all over the world is about to be taken to a whole new level
It is!
It's the parking structure across from the building, actually.
Haha summer break hopefully!
Thanks Hun!
I don't have a clue what SMF stands for though, LOL.
Sure hope you and H have had a terrific day!
:
No one gives a fuck what you are doing right now so stop tweeting about it!
She Get A Lot Of Money ,
I started blocking people from school on here.
I hope no one gets offended.
Dun cur
the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn.
Mountain camp this week in Jasper ARK.
Can't wait
bro you forgot the US..
4 cartons of lemonade in the fridge.
Summers almost here.
I heard someone is gonna give away a gift to a random person if they retweet and use forTony in their tweets today.
I heard gift card!
Stopped to touch the Kirkland brand jeans at Costco.
I didn't buy them, but still.
they are optional...if you are brave lol:
Christie krispy crusty
Comment from David Eng
hahaha I know but I love the wisdom.
Lots of prep work for AFM2011.
Building our schedule now!
'll follow you no matter what: and also you in whatever apollare and I'm not against your relationship just want to be happy
Uh yeah, no bloat stroking allowed...
EVER.
Thanks
Doing a little late night data analysis for my friends
Fire needs fuel, oxygen and heat in order to burn.
Congrats, Menforothers RT : Congrats to all the UHigh Juniors on today their ring day  The torch has been passed
thanks for the reply.
Kind regards.
I'll pitch in...I wonder if would bet a 100 Fellows Fundoctoriser donation on the Super Bowl?
yea I did...
N how u been fool
Grown women arguing and fussing across a strip of grass in front of little kids yet we wonder y they go out  act like animals w/out manners
Education advocate Anna Jo Haynes argues that HB 1238 will help fight schooltoprison pipeline.
where u from
The red cards were atrocious, as if they ran out of yellows and just thought, hand out whatever you like.
Thank you and likewise will see you at 5:30
Wait..
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Beil are engaged?!?
love him
Hey, new health  fitness twitter personality...the other me is :
.
that last tweet was for you
Man I look so busted when I wake up in the morning
New York is wonderful.
Love the energy of the place.
Let me know if you manage to make it over to the Atlantic.
I had ah bad day but ah goodnight and managed to get this essay done
While Dallas was cowering against the tornado sirens my wife and I were obliviously enjoying 21 Jump Street.
Somedays taste like lemonade
Racino Bill goes before Senate Committee.
Senator Senjem says it will save the horse industry in the state and help pay back schools
YES!
fhkjdhslfkjh.
I was going to send you a message about you watching it too!
we're too similar, this is getting scary.
haha
Thanks!
We adopted her nearly 16 years ago, and she's been a grand friend.
My wife went to her doctor appointment at the museum district, Parked her car over and got rippedoff with 20 parking fee!
still?!
Fuck.
I'm getting off work and I have nothing to do tonight.
NoT to mention..its supposed to rain on my wedding day..
great to meet you in person !
Thanks, U2!
RT Happy Travel Tuesday!
SCORE!
Friends of Houston Public Library just doctorpped off passes to the member's preview sale of their 31st Annusl Bargain Book Sale!
I do indeed!
I'm teaching it as a seminar on the late 20thcentury British novel.
There are ten novels.
Want me to send the list?
There never was a time when, in my opinion, some way could not be found to prevent the doctorwing of the sword.
Ulysses S.
Grant, 4/27/1822.
has to stop taking 3's!
No more and I beat all these boys in fantasy and take the pot
hey hey.
Shakes doctorads
J's Taxi Dispatch is Offering Airport Transportation Downtown to airport 30.00 9165018171
Gift exchange amongst us all....love is among us all
Agree!!
RT Football has the best season.
Hockey has the best playoffs.
Baseball has the best opening day
thought we were already friends D?
Gotta do some scouting to find a Cream City brick building or inside a building that'll make it for this Starbucks project.
Scored a direct flight into Newark, circumventing me going from Dallas to Houston to home.
Great to be at IIPC12 : First with LANL as official member, rather than invited guest!
Become a student of change.
It is the only thing that will remain constant.
Anthony D'Angelo
Re Fruit flies Also ,clean sink doctorin w/ bleach.
Keep lid on doctorin at nitecan be a major breeding ground via
just want it to be lunch
I'm bout to do Molly off a clit .
Or iThink so wessup lol
Friday sprints are finished!
www.tinyurl.com/interval2day
thought you would like to know that there is a :
So tired.

You must be able to separate majors from minors....
Ha!
I actually did that the other day 2 illustrate VI.
Do you like pie?
I love pie.
Really?
Yes!
Yay, Christian Bale!!
R u guys the real Madison and Mikey?

the anchor w/my lover enjoying the right to smoke indoors  some tasty food.
You following the Lottery w/jackpot OVER 500M?
No tickts in AL but if you have an Illinois addy u can use u can buy a ticket ONLINE now!WOW!
Seriously though, if we found life on another planet?
We wouldn't do anything.
We don't even have NASA anymore..
: Thanks for the shout!
If you find it in your heart, please give a shout out to my favorite charity, too: Mwa!
All four should've committed  definitely would've gotten interviewed, then!
I do agree with you about the facts.
But how does leaking his disciplinary problems, which show no violence, relate?
Dude, I know you're in the mood to celebrate, but don't lose your head.
Call me if you need a ride home.
I'm so blessed that I meet some one that's a nice and sweet..
I'm missing him..
Right know!!
good night
Make sure everyone shows love to his bday today
Lot's of new updates coming to the FailFL!
Stay tuned!
THAT IS FREAKING ADORABLE!
That looks like a little baby post card!
SO cuute!!
:
sorry to hear about your relative!
yep we'll get dinner or something going one of these days!
A watching as always B wardoctorbe must have its reasons
Looks like you're having a great time!
80's band tonight!
The Crunch Monkeys rock 9pm.
Come let loose and have some fun
good luck and congrats!
10 months and counting 'til I dump Billed for a phone I don't have.
I can't decide which team to follow for Star I am Thinking I like team
Grrrrr the guy that just got on the bus has a Capitals hat on.
Stick Just Called .
Spent the day in the burbs, don't plan on going back anytime soon!
I was so doctornk last night
I LIKE THAT OPTION
Would love to see the Palmieri set, plus the Press Conference today
Motion on magnet policy fails 44 after long discussion.
There will be numerous Super Bowl commercials featuring monkeys.
I only asked, because I thought that number was a bit low for the average American born citizen.
The biggest childhood lie ever told: Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me.
Words do and always will have power!
thanks Aditya!
how's the new gig?
Call for entries for WOMEN FILMMAKERS and STUDENTS.
You can enter films, shorts, documentaries, etc.
at www.pbwiff.com
Dont speak to fools, they scorn the wisdom of your words
On the River Road...heading to Lafayette!
since today!
saw Clay on the TV and jumped as if they had won the SB
I'm a tad bit concerned that I won't be able to control myself now that we have classic in the office.
Vegas.
Yet again just a fly through.
Aw.
Can you post pic on twitter?
Doesn't St.
Ed's have a campus there?
You are welcome RT : Thank you for Shout out !!!!
definitely the site of most scifi movies I like.
Are you in the Matrix?
RT : 2 hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hall.
One hat says to the other, 'You stay here, I'll go on a head'
Happy Easter everyone!
Hope it was as blessed as mine!
Family :
Do you have a favorite photography store you'd love to see in?
Tweet us the names!
soo what about that fight doe lmafooo
Geek  told my Client to repair there Compaq Desktop it would be over 300 plus labor..I cleared the CMOS, tested the hardware..ITS FINE
I hear the closeness can't be duplicated.
also prolly nostalgic.
Always wanted to try but I have the beard thing going.
RT : Cleveland Park Library is having a 'Pajama Story Time' on Tuesday, Feb.
7 at 6 p.m.
for all ages.
Sounds awesome.
I can't get the 100,000 Pyramid theme song out of my head.
We've got a 5 Club Sandwich for you today!
Things are looking up!
your nickel ain't worth my dime : man I miss my Lily Patrick Star
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DAD!
Where does the Katy trail 5k end today?
Is it a loop?
About to start my jog to Humboldt Park  workout on the awesome workout equipment there!
Just set my alarm to remind me to start and then later switch over the laundoctor.
Yes, this is the realm of ridiculousness I have reached.
Everyone's breakfast smells amazing.
I do another class that has a lot of jumping and planks work in it.
Maybe it's from that class...
Either way, it's annoying.
My bitch is patient.
Your bitch is boring.
Fucked that Friday night we both woke up that Sunday morning.
That Hikari store is so worth going to.
It's silly in there.
Such a random assortment of items.
as of today i have joined Twitter
My timeline is in different languages.
Shows how global my twitter is!
InternationalPage 
Has anyone out there even been on the Body Ecology Diet??
my favorite dish would be the split decision breakfast!
I had an active life, until some idiot came along and introduced me to Facebook.
Hello!
How's your week going?
:
Has that one song stuck in the mind.
Mainly because the feelings are left unchanged.
Demon kitty tried to off the dog.
Knocked his pain meds to the floor  dog ate 'em all.
Vet induced vomiting.
All is fine.
Mayweather may be a douchebag but hes a great boxer and his record proves it
Hi, Red.
Nice to see you pop up on my timeline.
Hope all's swell.
Plus a new the cape ftw
i know it man!
first time i saw my face on the huge jumbotron in AZ performing i forgot the lyrics haha :p
is so funny to me!!
Had me cracking up tonight LOL
wow i really must stop using the subway exit that plops me out next to Auntie Anne's Pretzels :/
askhugh season outlook for this really young secondary after trufant and Thurmond injuries.
And how about Red Bryants effort?
nice article!
Favorite line from Pirates 4: I support the missionary's position.
The kids didn't get it.
I'll explain in a few years...
boss uh
Have you ever been bullied?
Yes I have I'm still being bullied and that's the reason for the cuts
is it racist to suggest that the DetroitTigers win MORE when most of the team is Latin or is it just a fact?
chek the rosters vs  of wins
Morning people!
What's shaking?
We got a lot of snow outside and I don't wanna go anywhere
I am
If I had one wish, I'd wish people didn't wish for guys to never wear flip flops
RT : Today the LDS baptized English King Henry VI a Mormon.
Finally!
He can now be married to all 6 wives at once!
Top of the morning!
It's Monday.
Back at it, right?
How was your weekend?
Congrats to film being on ABC family!
Sat on a really nice Plan II Thesis w/Hoberman.
It was on the farce of amateur collegiate athletics.
omg I just wanna get better...

Out of curiosity, what kind of pesto do you guys use in the Gorky?
Open the door and walk through.
He rides himself.
That is so meta.
Miles Sanguinetti about dates.
Oops, thanks for the correction :
OH MY GREAT GOLLY GOSH you guys are comn to Ny in December :0 I'll beg my dad to but me that as my christmas gift 3
Official video shoot for our 1st Single of 2012Wild Style will be next week on the 23rd.
Hit us up for extras.
We'll be all over Austin!
i'm great ; but yes, tomorrow is monday ;/ i hate mondays.
Hello out in Maryland!
Thnx for the follow.
WE followed back.
SocialMedia WE work greater than me
Zumba'd to Justin Bieber, Britney Spears and One Direction today
hahaha snap.
mills got ya.
ew she probably just leaves it in the middle of the street too.
not even the grass.
all up on the cement.
Wanna be successful hang with successful people
Long day of shooting!
My whole body is sore!
My QR Code Muse has inspired me to QRify the art show and poetry cafe at our school tonight!
Stay tuned!!!
Ha!
I had a suspicion...
If food actually looked how it did in commercials we'd all weight 500lbs.
Kidd/ball movement provided his offense.
Melo/Amare are ball stoppers.
The LL post was nice.
Especially because it was a look here someone did something right.
There aren't enough of those.
but here's the thing: they're not very good.
Holy banana pudding!
Happy BD, TJ.
Hope it's a great one.
Much love.
without his phone is like a fish out of water
thatawkwardmomentwhen you get lost on the way home from ur dads store that you've been to multiple times 
Facts: The victim should use any employer complaint mechanism or grievance system available
our writers are hitting the shops to score more Jenga games for tomorrow's happy hour  Moe Bar
RT : will be at 1tday Union Sq 4pm!
Can you say JUBILEE?!
Bring your loan statement to destroy!
Niche hunting and wondering when the ugly snow in our backyard will finally melt.
When you have three dogs...
Shall I call about the 6th then?
A private 5:30 tour?
Today's Sandwich: Turkey  pepperjack on a croissant with lettuce, tomato, mayo  a cup of soup.......6.95
Buy me easter elites so they go with my slippers!!!!
I wish  going to indoor Lax tomorrow night watching the little dude work on his left hand and take some big rips.
I'm from Angola!
Where is your shop going?
Surprisingly there is a slight line at Target this AM for Jason Wu collection
Looking forward to ARMA11 this month.
Haven't been to DC since college  so excited to take a tour of the National Archives.
Watching FearFactor amazing show!
oh, but you took the first shot, BOY.
Either rate, i am doctorpping it.
Continue if you want, i am done
If you're an advertising agency and you ever, ever propose a commercial with a CG baby then you're doing it wrong.
Always for the LULZ, Always!
Everyone who protects their tweets must have taken an
would love to feed sometime.
Next time you are hungry remember us.
We feed a lot of your teammates already.
I love groceries, but I hate going to the store to get them.
If you depend on others to make you happy, you will be endlessly disappointed.
3 tickets available in that section  red bulls have big names  will see
Boom, bitches.
thanks for following us!
We'd love to work closer with JWJ and get all chapters to screen our film
too funny.
Did the outfit make up for the backpack?
I can never get over a man in a suit with....sneakers.
Ick.
I am now a mac owner!
...I don't like Skype but I think I can still access my old AOL screen name: hendoctorxz99.
Hit me up.
: Come pick me up, take me out, fuck me up, and steal all my records randyrogersband what song is that?
Well, we'd love to have you!
When are you going to come in, soon?
:
awaiting news from Wall Street, stock market expected to open down, mortgage bonds up  rates doctorp again?
we saw you twice at the Digitour!!
call 4692330513 please :
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
Today I am thankful for the people, things, and experiences in my life that make the other 364 days each year worth living.
live update about 270 situation right now on 10TV
Thanks for reading my book, Clouded Rainbow!
TONIGHT WE HAVE OUR EXCITING KARAOKE NIGHT!!!!
Thank you for RTs.
We appreciate.
3

askforID and you'll be worry free
YouKnowYoureBroke if you ask someone to pay your cell bill and it still gets turned off
Not only that but the tacomac manager was a complete jerk.
Avoid Suawnee tacomac at all costs
Happy Chinese New Year!
thanks for that, but I'm not takingg them, I only technically have 12 school days left.
18 real days
thanks man!
Well look into it!
plan on us staying with you!!!
I fcking miss u
y'all be ccarefully!
Dude, I am totally going to do a final count of all the words I have written since Friday come Wednesday.
Hotels amp; Lodging Stock Outlook  May 2012
Listen to Ty.
She is wise and gives good counsel.
See you at
My thoughts and prayers go out to Cody and the entire family.
amazing blog about overcoming bullying/ a friends suicide www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com
Thanks!
I'll update the link.
Good Morning : 3
I'm so bored!
..so hes getting there next week.
My bro is coming next week :D
P.S.
an MLS is a prerequisite!
thank you!
great references....
you go
Its amazing how two imperfect people, fit together perfectly.
Does this mean no more postgame Talkin Touches?
beatles sing along is the best office activity on a Friday...
West coast, best coast.
The sun saves the best for last.
I love the conversations that I have with she always knows how to make me think and also make me laugh nonstop
shutup :D
sure do
Looking forward to finally meeting on Saturday and of course seeing the always lovely,
The Library Bay
Make each day your masterpiece.
John Wooden
Quickbooks 2009 Release 8  Major New Release Addoctorsses Online Banking and Much More The QuickBooks Gal
Can't wait to see your space tonight at the International Antiques Fair!
cool came up with the name!!
hit me up
do you want to do karate in the garage?
Pistachios and Ice cream cake here :
Wishing I could be at balboa park!
Can't wait to hear/see/experience ideas generated from the conference
Yes, i am so happy and HONORED : if there will be next time, i will surely grab you!
miss ya too : go here?
we'll see bout that when you play against me!
Jk
must b yo lucky day lol
It was ideal endofschoolyear reading for a former English major.
Will be curious to hear your end verdict...
Gordon wanted to give them each something from the caf before he died.
Hermia was the salt of the earth...
Ok school and work kicking my butt...
come on 430 I'm ret to go...
I needa win contest.
Please pick ME l0l..
Ive Never won a contest :
Ducks get the turnover back, Pryor intercepted at the Ducks 43.
The lines have clearly blurred.
Even the definition of core games has changed.
Today, I discovered my rhomboid muscles.
Depression sucks man
Getting in shape for summer pools!
Feels so good to sweat.
: thanks for having me on today Caught you this AM.
You were great as usual
Happy Valentine's Day!
Wake up with the love on the !
Oh and Chucks lol
I'm standing up with a orange shirt
When he talks to you3
I knew he wasnt African Amer when I tried that neck move thing  needed a chiropractor.
Give me a museum and I'll fill it.
Pablo Picasso
swweeet ; you're really pretty btw.
It's so darn Cold!!
and just wonderinq.
OMG every sixth qrader is a wannabe
that's one of the funniest things I've seen this week.
auditions for arabian nights information announced.
www.actorsbridge.org
Wow, what a group.
Here goes!
Agreed.
But it might be a product of this toolong qa.
oh ok ha idk then lol
its 11:11!
Make a wish!: i wish that you would notice me and RT or DM me!: 3
If I do, will you follow me??
; Never mind, I'll buy it anyway 
Glimpse of my mood, y'all: This terrible cover of Walking In Memphis is giving me all the feelings.
Phablet  Phone  Tablet.
Looks like the Galaxy Note is just the start.
To me they look like a phone Pee Wee Herman would have.
Back in Manilaan earthquake, an aftershock and bad roads but amazing time with tribe.
Danced with a princess ate beetlenuts and jammed.
RT Bright hopes for exercise and character development have turned into vacuuming, mopping, and dusting.
Off to Graduation 
Oh how I've missed tweets
fuckkkkkk.
and are playing a show together on sunday.
and i cant go.
i hate life.
Thanks for following !
We're listening to your music right now and loving it!
Let us know if you make it to Milwaukee!
be positive!
it's friday!!!!
Heard on radio TODAY: If you don't stir yourself up you are going to sink to the bottom
Chrontendo 44 was way better than the Brewer game, btw.
Nice gameboy retrospective, River City Ransom, Holy Diver, and Taboo.
I think a little after 8 but I'm not sure.
We'll let ya know :
u remember when jay was throwin him 20 balls a game in denver?
man had a permanent smile...gonna see some more of that here
will you be coming to NC?
hey brotha!
Caught you and wood bros in Madison last fall.
Caught ZBB last sat.
Why don't yall bring wood bros to SF soon?
1000games Staios is a true professorssional.
Great season and great career accomplishment
S/o to for understanding me, ily
as always appreciate the support, bang next!!
I work on Monday evenings until about 8pm, but I'd love to run down to you wherever you are afterward to give you a hug.
too bad it's not true.
So your doctorams didnt come true.
They are perfectly fine.
:
Passing outt..
first day at EMG3 tomorrow
Emma Hill 
Every person who advocates for any Stand Your Ground law has a part in Trayvon 's execution and needs to own up to it.
shouldn't the dot dot dot come after the word yet?
Just a reminder that A Room Of Our Own will be today at 6:30 p.m.
in the O'Connell House.
We will have poets, singers, dancers and more!
We are incredibly excited to announce Weiden  Kennedy as a sponsor of our CSTS event on June 24th!
Get your tickets now!
WAIT.
Which one?!
Okay I see how it is blame it on me when YOU didn't text back....
Not my fault...
Had a great time at Green Festival at Navy Pier...it was great seeing Jennifer Moran at the booth
If Devin Harris blocks your shot, it's time to quit basketball.
Late for english.
Meh, no fucks given.
go to or to learn more.
yeah I don't talk to alot of people on here.
So I just don't really ever have to check it.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone towards heaven...Henry Ward Beecher
I think my goal today is to quote the office nonstop.
With that being said: Fact.
Bears eat beets.
Bears.
Beets.
Battlestar Galactica.
Hopefully knicks win tonight : .
Hope that wasn't your taxes you were trying to mail!
What is your donor really passionate about?
Ask: What gives u the greatest fulfillment?
Lmao I can never win.
But goin to bed.
Love you  !
Night!!
want to see something funny?
Go to YouTube type Grandson gets brain freeze
Have more.
Come visit.
Making risotto tonight.
And anyways I'm on medication because of her and my dad I have to also take a blood test and I'm intensivly depressed
will we get an email telling us if we are one of the lucky few?
Right back atchya girl!
XO
It might be time for a new avatar for me.
I'm taking suggestions.
Thursday 7 of our talents will be shooting a video for UBI software Congratulations to all of them
Bebo use to be good but it has been getting laggy lately with all the ads like MySpace has gotten
Seems like an opportunity for innovation 'Just 5 of Americans accounted for half of our nation's health care costs in 2009'
Thanks for the shout out !!!!!
Super Shapes
You travel to Borneo while the web community gathers in Austin.
I like your style.
hahahahaha......I guess :
Clipper Game Is Crazy!
15 technical fouls in the series, wtf these nigga wildn!
His attitude 
Thanks!
Happy Easter to you too!
Just got mega nostalgic while looking at my afternoon snack.
I can see my Granny's hands wielding a knife, curling the peel just so.
He texted me and was like i love you ten minutes ago out of no where !
: /
i have such a round face.
wedding with zack :
What number Hunger Games is depicted in the first book?
Two Chrysler plants earn Fiat's efficiency benchmarks A Chrysler Group assembly plant in Canada and a U.S.
engine plant achieved the high
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third.....Let this day bring you much joy and happiness....
thats awesome mark!
Happy Bday!
See you in class tomm morning :
..man, you just don't KNOW!
eh..
i guess not.
I hope he goes on tour with them.
Don't be too tough on yourself; raising kids is tough and tricky.
Sometimes I feel like they're totally raising us.
It's official.
Monday's still suck!
It's a nice day outside...
if you're not wearing black on black...
and jogging 2 miles...
Im pooped.
Bordeaux wine tasting tonight means some seriously purple teeth.
Enhanced Xilinx RealTime Video Engine Accelerates Path to Production for Next Generation ...
Film shoot is over.Rescuers were fabulous!
Mass grave at Giedoctoriciai was one of the worst.
Yesterday went to Jewish cemetery in Vilnius
LIKE LEGIT I SCREAMED EVERYONE TO SHUT UP ON THE BUS.
We will be hiking and creekstomping this weekend!
Love getting out in nature, just beautiful!
Heading out to east view to check out the new Lego store.
Any one know where in the mall it is?
Just took my hair down .
.
.
Officialy lookn like
YouGetMajorPointsIf you tell me you love me and you mean it.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 4
Ah.!
Morning
Happy 4th every1!
Def blessed to be an American!
umma bring my ps3 to your room
Wow very cool.
I wish I would have watched the whole season now.
We had several wonderful projects by the students.
Our goal has been to average 2 per week.
Wow, each student is accomplishing this goal.
On International Day of MigrantsMarch w NICE to Wall Street!
12/18 1:305 Foley Sq.
to Zuccotti Pk
yayyy!
I'm excited.
But I gotta tell you something about it...
yes I love to laugh.
I would love to see you laugh as well so maybe I should come down for this session :
inbox me on da book
Thanking God for all his blessings 3
Luv u too haha and I am smart how many times do we have to go thru this Bestfriend?!
Yup  I just needed something simple.
Easy to setup, manage, etc.
wait till its her birthday hahahha
yeah and ok
let me find out obama is n oklahoma
RT : And 750 Rays fans go crazy!!
You are gorgeous!!!
Do I need to say more?
I am so glad you liked it!!
Everybody in Baltimore is tweeting about this thunderstorm!
I wish I was home so I could witness it!
I lovee the rain..
Brought some things out to occupy las vegas today, good people, join me in supporting them if you get the chance
GUYZ HELP.
i need a metaphore for what the last two years have been like
What a blast to listen to thanks.
Remember ladies, your body is a temple, not a theme park
Learn  Learn: Citation today 12:30pm in the ASC.
Check it out!
Mike Mayock thinks the Bears will take Chandler Jones with their first pick.
Chandler Jones' brother is Jon Bones Jones.
I approve.
Ice Cream!
Chocolate chip, my favorite!
:D
i'll break my own leg just to beat you with a crutch
New music coming soon!!
Why you being a stranger?
: that's delicious.
Been a while.
man pr Rog plays so different than alucarD.
HUB designers representing this Friday!
Excited to be inspired by
...and they fired their players on opening night.
Had a great time at Actorfest, interviewing Master Talent Teachers for Show !
Chicks with really high pitched voices
Pictures are so Decieving
Word that bitch mad cause I took the spot, well bitch if you ain't shittin then get off the pot : Nicki minaj
You and me both!
I can't wait to go back!
tweetme your best makeup looks!
Thanks for following me!
congrats and love you guys!!!
iDonn't Wanna Lose A Good Thing.3
Lately mine takes a long time to start up due to indexing a workspace.
Annoying.
On the other hand, I just got art for my first fictional picture book, Mustache Baby.
Wow!
This art would make 1,000 rewrites worthwhile!
FINALLY, FINALLY get to see my scott family after over 9000 years:
So my phone just updated andnow its stuck at the andoctorid screen
I feel like running or dancing or something.
Have way too much energy for almost midnight.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Have your followers register with code SPKR11 for FREE innotech passes to their session.
it's looking like a Happy Friday ; And amazingly great weekend.
What's on your funlist?
When preparing to travel, lay out all your clothes and all your money.
Then take half the clothes  twice the money!
Why are you smiling?
Because I know something that you don't know.
I am not lefthanded.
The PARTY'S just starting!!!!
;
This wind 
You too  happy Parkinson's Awareness Month!
Got my TRX today.
Will be using it to take my TMTraining to the next level.
See you in about 6 weeks
Back at the cell time..
I hope we sell some shit.
I had a doctoram that I had a cool looking hipster mustache....
wat.
An excellent case study of a Wisconsin Small Business leveraging social media effectively:
Really need a freaking vacation!!!
Planning for New Orleans in July!!!
She whack bro
This is GolfWang do or die....
Who is ready for crews and tanks?
MMI?
If so, nice choice!
section E!
Wouldn't know  I had no interest in the Winner gets to go to L.A.
Bowl.
Norv Turner doesn't scare me.
Primetime does.
Rabbit rabbit
LIVE IN DA STUDIO
You find a hole in the wall...
see the world through new eyes...
LOVE Ilijah.
They're all over the Ethic stereo for Local Music Thursday!
Thanks Din for this article.
How are things in medical school?
Trying to follow backchannel for openeverything NYC, attend mw2009, write arlis2009 presentation.
All okay until the phone rang!
Searching for the right words.
Do they even exist?
Just booked a Saturday appointment with a new client after blasting a summer special to my Facebook friends!!
I'll count back from ten, and you an listen to glass hearts shattering.
omg haha!!!
Is he good?
Bob  Con on the Showcase Technology Stage at 1 pm today!
hi Lance!!!!
I miss you!!
worst thing about Easter weekend is definitely ham eww
Headed to the Symposium.
Couldn't think of a better way to spread some love for our military than at CCME2012 in Orlando!
I miss all the people I use to talk to..
Where are you guise?
Sounds like its up to Zorn.
He may want to sit the year out.
Hearing its his job if he wants it.
The RAQC is at Lakewood's Earth Day Expo!
Fantastic crowd and lots of great info.
Come by and say hi!
Love me or hate me but you will respect me!!
Show Saturday in Red Oaks, Georgia!
enjoy your last day of freedom, Peabody students!
welcome to the new class of 2014!
Im wonderstruck blushing all the way home
Good luck today DanO.
Wish I could see it but I'm pretty sure it won't air in Philly?
If your business does not offer free WiFi, please don't have a protected WiFi named after your business.
Thank you!
Yeah, you already you got this shit locked
To make your brand message matter in a world made dumb by digital noise, you need a global ideas shop that knows how to be relevant.
i dont have very many friends
go worship your shirt in the hallway and we will watch our Championship banner wave!
you should see where I am right now!
Lol
the blackest night beckons my souls light
History professorssor!
WOFCOLLEGEWEEK :D
Wtf is a weekend warrior
hahahaha well I mean let's be honest I think everyone does lol
where you working?
No hangover here...went to today to do some yoga.
Going to be sore tomorrow.
Hey wats up how r yhu
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
gearin up for a full day of digiday tomorrow
y sing that song?
Y not a pretty one??
Rather than wasting time worrying about doctornk doctorving accidents, why don't we all just start doctorving bumper cars?
aha thankyou and sure : hi twitter friendd
Krav Maga Academy has now added Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to it's full curriculum.
No Gi Grapple
thanks girl.
my father did most of the work laying the base rocks and sand but the brickwork today was fun .
RT : Things are looking up for us, as they begin to lOOk bad all over the world...HAVE FAITH IN GOD!!
Thank you for this!!!
Your girlfriend's a ton of fun ;
Yes, I moved out here in March, having so much fun out here!
So many opportunities here and doctorving to auditions now is a breeze!
S573 Periodically check in on the conversations library professorssionals are having.
What same thing happened to me and i got destroyed.
fail haha
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
Who's rockin wit me this mornin?!
And  thank you, sir, for the
Becky  Puck are too funny.
Hi, I'm trying to get in touch for a storycontacted media but haven't heard back.
Can you email me?
jroy AT observer DOT com
Do you follow The Masters Gathering?
Melo is the most overrated basketball player of all time
Life is a living  learning experience  when youre done being its student its time to be its teacher
ThatOneFriendWho isn't really a friend u just tolerate them lol
We are still working on the album.
Get you that track soon.
You'll have to send me your ep!
Yes we should.
Text me 304.356.1464  we'll figure something out.
I still cant tell whats real ..
If dat one same person retweets everything u tweet he/she probly feelin u..
Lets Go Gophers ...
Lets Go Gophers ...
Lets Go Gophers RT : With MarchMadness over bring on FrozenFour Go Gophers!!!
aint u suppose to be listenin instead of tweetin?
Up early to get my hair done
Canadian carrier WestJet Airlines wins slot auction at LaGuardia and will offer eight daily roundtrip flights from LGA.
I use to take em for the team but now i just take one for my queen
Yes no hw for once!
Plus I think he likes me!
x3
Got new lipstick!
Yay!!
1000pm The Take Over with DJ Bizzon  FREE SHOW
should have been done that
The people on Shake It Up are such horrible dancers.
As we ask and listen more deeply everything will be revealed to us.
Trust the inner guidance which you can connect with through writing.
all I can say is that yourebeautiful : please follow back!:
What time you guys go on tonight?
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere EXPENSIVE..
Take that bitch to the GAS STATION..

is always on at my house!
Good Stuff!
Random Thoughts: Obama is spending more time at Camp David in the first 100 days than any other PORTUS.
I guess it's better than Chicago.
so its about that time to go to bed goodnight :
Every once in a while you'll find someone who is truly God sent.
Keep your eyes and heart open, you never know when that person may arrive.
might not even save the sox!
YouCantSayYourGrownIf you do not love yourself and others.
Just beat Plants Vs.
Zombies.
Game time for next round?
I'm sorry, I thought no salsa, no tomato.
We'll hook you up next time.
haha cool.
See you tonight inshallah.
You didn't see my new whip yet :
Just made a pact with strawberry applesauce that I won't brush my teeth before eating it ever again.
Ever.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
RT : careerchat TODAY.
.
.
we are talking QR codes, if you love them or hate them, we want to hear from you!
Join us at 12 CST
Any officers in Camden, NJ who are looking for work, Philadelphia Zoo has open positions in the Department of Public Safety....
Yeah I plan to do a lot of traveling but I'll be there when you come home.
We'll catch up!
Once you have your own concept in your business, you need to define your niche and remain focus in filling that niche.
Awww, thanks for the FF!
I love the company!
grand opening in Chicago.
So jealous!
Please come to Boston soon, because your cupcakes are THE BEST!
Stay in the present...
It's good for your health
I don't see how that is a bad thing at all.
Hahahahhaha.
with the marlins out, isn't it inevitable he resigns w/Cards
Had an amazing time at the dance3 But they only played one Justin song 
If you guys love , follow and jessedaleyil!!
3
yes but alas me here up long island NY ...
Mistress in New Jersey i go for weekend training sessions sometimes

's opinion of ThinkLikeAMan was hilarious!!
Will I get Arrested for closing my bank account ?
grandma burn
I will treasure july 14th,because it is the day I go to my first concert.
Thank you for making this doctoram true 3
lol oh alright if u say so
We discover the Beauty of Simplicity when We give up the need 2 explain the Mystery  simply EnJOY it.
Looking forward to the day in
I SEE YOU SAVANNAH
u dormin at ga state or gettin an apartment?
reaping the benefits of the speciality beer market?
Services designed to develop, maximize  tap the craft beer potential.
Just woke up!
:D.
Good Night Twitter!!!
I'm still up mobbin
5 FREE with every 25 Gift Card Purchase.
Tis' the Season to give Tavern Gift Cards!
Now through December 31, 2011 receive a 5 Bonus...
Thank you Jason Rain with Legacy House Media for telling me about doctorgon Dictation it is fabulous.
Why is sleeping with a woman like a soap opera?
Cause it's the same tired old plot, year in and year out.
Thirsty?
3 Silos for everyone, including our guests !
Honestly, when I get a text from you...
My heart skips a beat 3
ahh Sunday only thing i like about you is good dinners
Thanks so much!
It's a tight contest.
We need all the help we can get.
Using the term nerimon pants a lot with Belen at Forever 21
We may recruit you in the near future!
But we just took a short hiatus.
We'll be back for the start of 2k12 :
I never want to say my best days are behind me.
I never want to be lukewarm, again.
Trying to tweak a Tumblr theme to fit our needs.
It'll be used for when 140 characters just aren't enough.
Merp.
Im so bored!
What a lovely Thanksgiving!
difficult rules at the church today, not mad, but sad for the images that will rob the bride  groom of
Unfortunately Ezra Masch had to cancel rehearsal today but be sure to catch an open practice this Tuesday from 34.
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms!!
Have a mimosa on me.
One more can't hurt and may just get dad laid.
Victoria Secret SemiAnnual sale tomorrow : WONDERFUL.
You can email your brother  if you wish.
Just want to know you are ok.

Mudding tonight!
summer sohappy  so jealous!
I wanna go!!
good weekend
Really wants to see God is the Bigger Elvis.
I have an opportunity if ur in the area
I don't know, I asked her and she told me today she is not locked into any convention or set to attend any.
Counting down to stickyballs and karaoke
Shut up Rush and keep on talking.
Going home now :p
Welcome to the dark side....
Or for us Macophiles, the bright side!
is chipchattin it up at goredsea in with
Glad to see that my Comcast service has joined with Teachers Union in show of support by not working.
ThingsIReallyCantStand people who can't be thereselves cause everyone else is taken.
thx sir!
CV
Sharks eating people...
We look forward to hearing back from you!
Thanks!
1900s KC would be SWEET.
Can I still bring my cell phone?
where should I get legacy's name tattooed?
oh my goodness I was starving all day idk how in even hungry after last night lol.
But now I have whataburger and my bed.
3
Open government, open data.
Hope Senator Eldoctordge wins this tomorrow.
rapevideo wow Outta control...
can't believe peeps tried to distribute it too...lock them guys up quickly
RT : You don't doctorwn by falling in water.
You doctorwn by staying there.
Unknown
Just landed in LA for big sportsbiz TV shoot.
I hear that.
A job is a means.
Not an end.
RT via : I loathe the phrase, You should be happy just to have A job.
Glad to be a part of making doctorams come true!
Can't wait to send some cookies out to you :
thanks for the RT Melanie ;
Blue turtles rock :
: I Love you back
Dear Austin weather, you've really outdone yourself this time.
Yee haw!
watching a band full of hardworking friends
I woke up from a nap and my mom goes, I made you a coffee.
Sorry, it's butter pecan.
Um.
Why did I move out again?
Had a wonderful weekend in New Hampshire with a great friend.
Now it is back to the city and time for rehearsal!
Ascension!
Free your mind and the rest will follow!
Our new site is almost done yeah
yeah, Silvy will not steer ya wrong!
Love the guy!
can't beat them, join them?
Haha...
And overpower them with a mombomb :
Marilyn Monroe by Nicki Minaj is simply perfection!!
I really hope its on the upcoming album!
Romanreloaded!!
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
watchin the highlights of the game ....yeaah for the Eagles!!!!
I just might.
I'll let you know offline.
I hope today is better than yesterday
It's kind of fetal alcohol syndoctormey.
RE: Justin Long's face.
its your employer who is beating the 2 stories to DEATH....
Let's talk a little baseball ESPN.
Whatcha think QB KILLA?
7 more days for Diego Amador in concert, here in ABQ!
Can't miss it, simply can't...
Cold worth it for a rapids win...does this mean I care about soccer
Father of accused: Martin beat him
Opened today and saw I made the best sellers list with Jackie After O.
The voiceover is like an old NFL doc: Herzog is stranded in the jungle with a 300 ton steamship that won't move.
And time is running out.
ARISE FROM THINE BED AND WALK!!!!!
WOW!
The Catholic Church is against PAULS RYAN'S BUDGET PLAN.
PAUL I hate to tell you to SUITEUP BRO you are on your way to HELL.
NLD Mom
Happy new homeowners at Nona Terrace!!
Welcome to the Lennar Family!!
SO STOKED!!!!
Seriously, I cannot wait.
It's gonna be an awesome project.
So happy I walked away...the best thing I ever did.
What a mess!
What's your iPhone/iPad game idea?
with your game idea.
What would you LOVE to play?
Problem child??
Lets do this!
RT : tonight w/ Get ready!
could you use help building any schools or clinics?
we would like to help
NEVER ages and stays so sexy...in a older man, friends granpa kinda way.
Wait, I may need therapy.
Nevermind.
Idea for blog: DARK SHADOWSthe old series then speculate on Burton's upcoming film.
I need to update my Headshots with How do I go about it?
UPDATE: Powell Blvd EB open now between 99th and 104th...WB side still blocked...traffic being flagged through the area.
aww hope you feel better
Fuck reality!
Welcome denial.
Luna Lovegood is trending!
: The reason I got into acting.
:D
Great news!
Eyemeltingly beautiful artwork in your last update.
Next stretch goal: crowdsourcedesigned grue tokens?
Kansas City We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
I need some help staying awake.
Would a chorus or two of the Hallelujah Chorus be inappropriate now that the students have gone and vacation officially started?
Friday Happy Hour: Blackened Gold at Toki Underground
I knew you would see it that way lol but yea it's a good song
Please All he would have to do is sit bear chested and he'd get at lest an 12 from the judges 1 from Carry and Glen and a ...
i appreciate your support every week so much.
It really means so much to me
Salute these great engineers highly recommend these guys !!!
cre Retail: it's coming full circle.
Smaller spaces, local and personal!
I sure don't haha XD It's not long...
I mean probably.
I don't have school the next day, because tuesday we have off.
Tom Terrific: I hate you.
What a fantastic season of mostly being in first.
good thing you look good in silver.
Hell, I sucked it up and did just that last weekend while mowing the yard.
: RT : I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more.
brain fart
Xmas since '99  has a nice ring to it.
Victorious!!!
Its on
Shes dum!!!
She said i love you too and she didnt mean it!!
Love isnt a game if you say you love someone mean it!!!
Like mothers, taxes are often misunderstood, but seldom forgotten.
At the Collaboration welcome session, Kara just told us to use cllv11.
Didn't Cisco circulate a memo?
RT : Absolutely ridiculous Diamondbacks fan got kicked out of Rockies game for throwing HR ball from Rockies back onto field ...
the Jam have fired back in Q4, have taken the lead 9594 with 6:18 left in the game
Celebrating my March 18th Birthday this weekend in NewOrleans for St.
Patrick's weekend imma have me a green N.O.
how are these verified accounts following me?!?!?
i feel special
when you had vertigo what was the deal?
Jason feeling tipsy not in a good way...
Remember that communication is key for any type of relationship
I get you.
But we need the ugly people.
If everybody was beautiful, then nobody would be.
WE HAVE CABLE!
WOO
I just realized that One Tree Hill is back in exactly one month!!
Can't wait!
Q: Which way did the programmer go?A: He went DATA way!
i know!
you're only a 'breakout' if you're a 9 year old or 11 year old kid in Harry Potter!
Thanks for the FF!
Go Badgers!
if u turn on tutorial on your first turn u swipe twice really fast then you person turns around then your cheating
So I'm guessing slate passed?
Congrats!!!
Hope you're having an awesome year.
Hollins for Bass?
With the offense struggling?
Disagree.
So does Bass apparently, looks upset on the bench
Hit me up for your Graphic Needs!
Holiday PreView Sale is still going on until the 28th!
Can you find great work for a better price?
NOPE!
This unknown  calls me to tell me that I ordered 25 boxes of pizza ....
HAHAHA u stupid !
...
I just got prank called 
I know that not every couple feels such deep friendship for each other
told u it just died right as u said that haha
remind me to reprimand him for that.
Nice win capitals!
Please let time fly
Man I really hope the bell rings soon cause I have to shit.
are you bi or something?
Hot city rooftop.
Fresh herbs in pots.
Cool infused candies with a taste of summertime coming soon.
Why cant i just eat whatever i want and not worry about gettin fat?!
I'm thankful that the plane broke down AFTER we flew from the US and landed and BEFORE we got in the air for the next leg of our trip.
Good Morning to the Strippers that just gave her Kids Lunch Money..
Now his hands smell like Juniper Breeze  Lap Dances!
We are looking for some fresh new faces for an upcoming catalog for FEMALE tank tops and vneck shirts for the Summer 2012!
MSG for details
want to be a writer: put one word in front of the other.
dont worry about making it good.
good comes later: story first.
story, story, story
wk 1..healthy...lucky..ga lookn ahead to sc...wk in  wk out boise wouldnt win 3 sec games..no depth at skill positions..
Idk whether to take that as sarcasim or not!
delishiiiiious.
Thank you!!
Waiting in anticipation for prod.
To come to Seattle.
Sir Paul's previous performance N song was stella.
His songs are like reading new verses from the song Bible
We are excellent in creating eye catching presentations for your next meeting, school project or business pitch!
Reach out to us today!
Hard to believe that we have 50 public relations professorssionals in this room for CHESPRA and no one is tweeting!
doctorp me a DM, I'll see if I can help you out.
lmaooooo i know right?
he's so adorable, it's great
If you don't wrap it you could get something you really don't want...
Practice safe squeezing, use a SquEZ.
Any guy can love a thousand girls...but only a rare guy can love one girl in a thousand ways.
So De'Andoctor Puked On My Hair Straighteners..
Won't Be Using Those Again.
U never saw CUJO?
Learning with/from those around you, virtually or in person
Chicken adobo 2 nights in a row...
SO good!
will set it up, were always looking for scrims tho
We miss you too!
Has anyone seen the supermoon tonight?
Just made CD's with nothing but on them for the long doctorve to EDC!
just watched it also.
Haven't been home in a few days, couldn't find my laptop, later found out strategically placed on a stool in front of the throne, I'm guilty
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
Haven't had a chance to read Jonathan Steinberg's excellent biography of Bismarck?
A great lecture at LBI is online...
This man is listening to beez in the trap ..
lmao.
How do you center yourself?
Ozzie: you all knew the areas we wanted to addoctorss and I think we were able to do it.
Packed, packed, packed week of training ahead...
this should be interesting!
People always ask about the typeface I use in my decks.
It was designed by , yes it is my handwriting and yes he is the sweetest.
lol shit glad to kno that im loved an missed lol but same here u ....
u in the 229 still
I'll still freelance, but the day job got a bit too rigorous; I didn't think I'd be able to stay on top of things week to week.
if u were able to stopbullying it would mean the world to help people like me stop being bullied x thank you for helping x
JUSTIN BIEBER ON THE VOICE!
AH!
Getting ready for the MomInspired party!
Less than an hour away!
was just incredible last nite at
First time at lavacon a HUGE success for me.
Cannot wait to take all I've learned home to stcorg gives good conference!
Next Guild Meeting: Jan 12 at the Mandoctorke, time TBD
fridayreads Strawberry Hill by Mary Ann Hoberman
oh, I like it.
How many people would come to a free pie happy hour?
Stroking the stubble on my chin I might have some ideas.
Agreed.
This is the west coast; one should have goodquality coffee within arm's reach at every moment.
In a District Chophouse food coma!
AC In This Biitch NOT Fenna Burn Up That's For Sure.
How fitting that the Cats win by 8 points for
It will definitely make it easier.
;
Off too bed...g'nite tweeps!
music is my life hopefully my music will inspire you
I know, right?!
And I can't believe Stan didn't like Empire Records!
Oh Rexy you're so sexy!
How does Ebenezer Scrooge make phone calls?
Collect!.
Thanks for the RT, !
Generic of my malaria doctorg just came out.
Was 75; now 15.
haha!
I'd like to see that!
March is Bell Peppers  Broccoli Month AND Berries and Cherries Month Stay tuned for fun facts and recipes to celebrate!
It's...
I think I know who you are talking about!
I see her on the 30 all the time!
English is the Perl of natural languages.
she's not answering me  you ask her lol
watching a movie :
: how late is reg open for the 2pm Deep Stack?
4:30 thx!
Full starting stack if reg late?
There.
Fav away.
No.
I'm stoned unpacking my new room.
nothing i'm sick.
c:
Be sure to stop by the Frost Mortgage  Premier Living booth at that NM Homeshow this weekend to learn about our new programs!
you were right!!
Loved it!!
Watching princess protection program with my little cousin
This is a great speech.
Amy Koch leaves the Senate with class.
On this day in Black History: Supreme Court orders to end segregation in school's at once, 1969
Damn I haven't tweeted in the longest !!
Imma tweet again like I used too !!
Ha.
Finally my turn to do an original record for a jewelry exhibition catalog.
I beat you to it, GZN.
:
Is your home stuffy from a winter of doctorfts and poor air sealing?
I can help!
www.smartenergypays.com
historical traces are found in Arabia in the seventh century, it is a constellation of cultures, histories, lives and divergent universes.
ARE YOU WOUNDED OR IN NEED OF MEDICAL ATTENTION?
I still can't get over that...
It is  are you from the UK and/or West Indian?
My hubby is Jamaican.
Usually its folks from those places that ask abt my name.
Making the farm look good with new shrubs, flowers, pressure washing the house and cleaning..Soon...
The Who to Follow at the bottom of my twitter has Sarah Phillips now on it.
After what we learned, why would I want to follow her?
Gaining 3 pts from 2 games where I figured Fulham would be lucky to get 2 pts is good, no?
Great effort.
see below RT : Agreed!
RT : Just got a map of the layout of the DD11 conference.
It's crazy to see giant.
Thanks a lot you too.
Lets work together to shape and mold the future global leaders of today and tomorrow LETS CHANGE THE WORLD
Supreme Court Favorability Hits New Low In New Pew Research huffpost Did Clarence Thomas speak?
Thanks for coming!
We really appreciate your hard work!
I've been w/ Verizon for almost 11 years and have never had a problem.
And I'm hard to please  enjoy complaining.
Must Follow
I use to be a use to.
Who is doing good, free, things with iPod apps for Nurses?
When someone asks Do you smell that?, I like to answer No, maybe you're having a stroke.
It's usually funny, except for that one time.
Sportswriting and Broadcasting students will sit with the press,write articles and produce video this summer for the Washington Mystics.
note to self ; don't waste your time with a hardass ever again
.
Haven't been invited to one yet.
hey!!!
My beautiful daughter..:
not sure if i already responded, on the studies, just keep checking every few days for new sessions
In order to throw her off, I had my bangs cut last night.
So I may now be OLD, but I have an incredibly strong resemblance to 8 year old me.
We are tweeting live from NYC for the conference.
Follow yjnyc for updates on the biz of
Glad to hear that you enjoyed the service!
Thanks for your support!
It means a lot!
Everything is better now make it to my class in time to take a quiz .
..
is on the phone with her aunt!
P WORLDWIDE
On the Chinatown bus back to NYC..
Obviously ;D You go Mikey!
In a day when I tweet bout a mysterious bruise on my right knee....Please remind my stupid ass I just smacked it with my LpTp.....OWWWWWW ;
20 hours 54 minutes until tipoff.
I've been waiting for this week since October I'm never missing spring training again!
Oh, LORD.
LOL!
LoveIt RT : Attention shoppers: we have confirmed that yes, during fall, candycorn counts as a vegetable.
what you want 1st track to Be?
Shower head setting reads: Massage.
Should read: Flay Skin from Bone
Good game!
Really good game!
harrypotterlive BLOODY HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!
YESS!
we still need more demands!!
ITS TIME!
Cena vs.
The Rock!
This is gonna be one of the best matches ever
I think would be proud of that awkward moment :
c'mon 2 of my friends have gotten replies and we need to make the other mad please?
Some people get an eduction without going to college the rest get it after they get out.
Just got doctor Horrible's Sing Along Blog DVD for father's day  score!
I think a Sea Wolf is a helicopter, yeh?
Why am I the only person that ever slams their finger in a car door?
It's pretty nasty.
I basically killed my finger 
catching up on sleep hm....
awesome to hear!
Exams go well?
Ah not so great still.
But it'll sort itself out sometime lol
Buzz grows w/tentative date of Oct.8th slated for the private screening.
Look4official announcement at Privacythemovie.com
Shut the fuck up just shut the fuck up
thanks for the follow!
We'll be sure to check out the music!
:
oh good I thought I was the only guard kid on there
Cats  you
Is there going to be another season?
Happy Good Fortune Day everyone!
Please be kind to all cats.
They mean you no harm.
Finally.
Today makes 6 days straight of work.
I'm so ready for the next two days off, potentially a pedicure Thurs w/some coworkers!
Its not who you are that holds you back, its who you think you are.
Author Unknown
when people say crap behind my back i stay strong like demi
You're probably like oh thank you lord that I don't have to deal with all this
INgrooves' MDaniels says: We will not cut off phisical only distributors.
But we encourage clients to think about costs.
That's what I call good company!
Death, cultural confusion, love trianglesjust another night 's 20th anniv show!
A balmy 53 degrees this morning.
Chicagoans are loving it and birds are very confused.
Going to be a mommy again!
Due in October :
Good luck!!!
Happy bc I have family  friends that love me, I have also , my AMDA friends
What do you do with a doctornken sailor?
What do you do with a doctornken sailor?
doctorw a penis on his face and take pictures to post online!
Im takin a nap soon as I get out class
Love my family but they are exhausting sometimes
?
RT : remember talking w/ student panel 's old school.
They enjoyed things; not passionate abt them.
Come on skinny love just last a year.
Pour a little salt we were never here.
Imagine JFK running for President today
You know what yesterday was?
Just another Saturday with rookies in green everywhere.
Working on Saturday isn't so bad...
If you office has heat.
It's official Specyphi will be at the WEBN fireworks.
Thanks WEBN you Rock
we like the ANZ seats!
Nice to way to spread out for a trip to Aotearoa.
Even publishers should be allowed opinions.
tolerence.
: Unfollow.
A beautiful reminder from : You can bless people through your very presence.
Never underestimate the gifts and magic of you!
You have to do a good entry interview AND a good exit interview or your performance doesnt matter.
I love your music video's, they're creative and amazing :
Getting ready to upload latest site  Cures For Headaches.
Headache help anyone?
My sister got sum pokechops cooking.lol.Nd yes thats how I really say it.
Yeah I felt like that was burying the lede a bit.
Be curious to get a response from Fitz, honestly.
yall should be happy i'm not spazzing
Quality of Play in Magic league is surprisingly good
Don't leave without a reason  try to come back with an excuse .
Authors Note: I can't imagine making film that way...wow.
Thankfully video came along.
Oh man is CCDP2012 off to a great start or what?
Great to be with friends in the 99 of Dems who believe in fair play!
victory!
hope the spirit and body are feeling better today RR!!
heat exhuastion is no joke.
Huge smile
Oh that sounds like an awesome plan!!
Phoenix is better anyway :
RT : Bumper sticker: My other car is parked in two spots.
proud of the kids who wrote directed an produces their own musical!
Had a great performance today!
Props I band hour and strings too.
that's a good mentality!
Haha
Don't plan to get MW3 anytime soon...so my question to all u gamers is: What is your honest opinion of the game?
yeahh!
Can't forget harry too!
I agree, research is useful.
Personal story is not the same.
We have to be careful.
A fave quote of mine, anecdotes are not data
: You should make a fan twitter account for him.
it would mean a lot to .
that both hurts and is amazing
Before i Really get madd .
Oh that's what happens in your stomach when you doctornk Coke!
leave now and you might make it haha
its the internet, no english class,
Let's get rich and buy our parents homes the south of France.
Kathy Scharbarth's sister stood and shook her fists while DA gave details of her murder
your tour starts on my bday :
you hot damn right i fck fans
Randy Moss played in the NFL after he left the Patriots?
That's news!
Don't eat salami before hot yoga as it tends not be a spiritual experience for the person next to you
I will never be able to understand how the heck Simon Cowell is associated with music and being famous.
Insert sad tweet here.
I be tweeting like a mfkr nowadays.
New Year's Resolutions Of The Stars, In Bigger Than The Sound
HELP!: The HFTwestival needs your help promoting the show and selling tickets.
How can you help out?
Let us know!
RC?
My dad installed a timed irrigation system with fertilizer attachment.
He had one row of impatients.
Father and son, both with matching oxygen tanks, just say down at a booth.
Stop by and say hello
Good job DC!
heard from 70's and 80ks sitcoms because ur small and, in real life, ur insignificant.
This is why I got way too excited about Google Play.
AN ALTERNATIVE!!!
No, sir.
Everything went well.
not sleeping anyway though...what's up w that?
Haha I bet.
I wouldn't be surprised if that happened
Mental note cardboard boxes lined with wax paper don't make good soap molds!
Ah nap number 2, ask me to get up at 7:30 on my day off!
Blasphemy!
How is it I'm laying in bed on a Friday night.
First time in my life I hear chanting for pride of the US.
Money music and my seed...yeah dats my life!...
thank you!
professortousa selfthought discount por favor.
RT : Ready for musesocial chat about museum social media 3/29 from 125 pm ET?
Think we can get museum audiences involved too?
yeah....you've never been trained, unless you've been star trained.
you are my new fav!!
ain't that the damned truth!
Tuiting/debt rising, funding cut  Oversight Comm, UC/CSU Reports/Investigations: Policies/Procedures/Responses 4 OnCampus Demonstrations
Haha f the police lmao we can lie Ahaha I know how to talk my way outta trouble lol
What up lil daddy..
Where big mama?
lol
doing good.
doing fall cleaning today.
that includes cleaning up my twitter.
How you doin?
how hav u been ?
Well earlier then I usually get up 4 school
hope you are enjoying this lovely day wherever you are.
I am good, tired but headed to a pta mtg.
in an hour, oh well!
show your work!
Thank you!!
: I did it!
Done with Facebook
NYC users if your near Olivia Bar take a photo and upload to Earn cash for your efforts :
I was a fan, but he has lost me by pushing Santorum over Newt  Perry.
I'm thinking a movie by myself sounds good tonight but which one ..
The lucky one...
Think like a man ...
Or cabin in the woods
I like free CDs!
Put me at the head of the dork shorts list.
I want to go first and set the standard for dorkiness.
RT : If you're reading this right now, you have a sad, pathetic, social life.
Fucking loser.
Well...
The lighting was good...
Lets Partay!
RT : sister finally moved in!
starting to feel a lot better about this place
How did the crowd react?
no one gives a shiit
BOOHOO D: What happened?
I didn't or haven't met marcos, just people within the uprising
If ncaa wants us to take conf tourneys seriously, than reward the winners with one seeds.
Missouri and B1G winner deserve a one.
Looked like I'd be locked into the 900 plan for 2 years, and I've been planning to downgrade.
CS just confirmed that's not true.
Took life in hands yesterdaycel phone photoed a page for research purposesdid it at BooksaMillion.
Real outlaw writer, I am.
Don't wanna keep this going, but still feel bad :/
Follow My New Page
lol well do it then : please.
I ordered it for our library, but have yet to watch it.
It is right up my alley!
It was a joy spending time with you, Amy, Lauren, Karen and Eric.
yes sir, buddy!
plaid shirt, boots, and a cowboy hat....
I am grateful for an understanding and awesome advisor:
thanks Lucas ...
break a leg tmister.
It's 's birthday!
Everyone wish her a happpyyy birthdaaayyy3
Google Voice transcribed the spelling of my name wrong!
ILeftYouBecause you wanted to take your sweat ass time
Fred Haise  Renaissance Man.
Last night was dope.
Even 2/5 of LoCote Street is doper than other fools whole crew.
Imagine when we all clique up
sorry about last night bro!
3WordsOfAdvice Always Say Please
is killing the sky is falling on the NFL hysteria.
Great job.
touch...
To my credit, I was moving
AskScandal I remember in Ghost and he was the bad guy.
it has, yeah.
been good/busy.
my niece got chickenpox which amounted to nothing more than 10 day w/o school  fussiness.
xD
yeayea...
i do miss you friend we need to talk
same here!
Coconut is my fave!!
What's yours?
.
Agree but not nearly as bad as Leonard and Farried getting first place votes
Happy hour going on right now.
Late night happy hour 9pm to close.
Cheap stuff that's delicious.
Naz today Kyle tonight behind bar.
Cheers
you tell me kirsten!
Oh emotional conflict, you are a cruel creature.
btw, those are the best books ever.
after how many years and proMLB rulings?
I find it ironic though, that some crew that has refused to work for free for me, still asks me to work for free for them
we offer happy hour at 3 pm on rotating doctorfts and bottles.
also some munchie specials.
Tonite we have panel talks
Thanks for the tools.
I'm just trying to come to terms with whether or not I want to be on SM for that many hours a day :
I LOVE Steller's Jays!!
InAGhettoHouse just ran out of fried chicken and grape koolaid
check out our Facebookbased roommate matching software for student properties.
www.roombug.net
RT : members: don't forget to vote for the !
webserieschat
I hate it when you want to help someone with something but you just dont know what to say.
Thank you for the
Just got canceled for tonight, too windy and cool.
Oh well, night off .
Great show tonight abq Stunning performances!
Little bit of reggae in the morning :
Good Lord the union gospel mission gets a lot of good looking female volunteers to serve meals!!!
justsayin underdogstory4thegrandkids?
Damn that was wicked crash
BIG TIME LA TONIGHT.
So Exciting
cheer with biggsissy!!
I would prefer sh for Salesman's samples rather than Dummies.
And my instinct might be to use a h or?
Softball game tnite!
Seymour to Raiders.
But the Raiders release Garcia?
They really think Jamarcus is a team leader?
Raider fans must be pissed...
It was great to see everyone here in the bay, but I'm now it's back to SD.
I told y'all I might kangol n gold tooth it...
Any other health care marketers here?
Great Shot of the Chip!
Any story behind it?
Were there variations of just how busted was too busted?
Enjoying the texture.
Are you not coming to dinner with us now?
Ok, what gives?
Is Facebook down or something??
Can't log in.
I would just like to say I do not enjoy your comment on Ashley's FB post about her red hair.
Today has been the longest day ever!!!!
then that's the one I'm gonna get.
:
Networking isn't hard.
You just have to commit to it.
Attend at least one event a month to start.
:
The best kind of brother is one who lets you do his makeup for prom...
Danggit Groupon, I don't really need a monogrammed set of towels but I really do
Playing Wordfued best Andoctorind app ever
i really thought it was a joke when i heard about it.
ridiculousness...
The show was fantastic.
They are sold out through Dec31.
I hope they extend the run so more people can go.
those are awesome!!!!
I need to hang out with my boyfriend tomorrow for our 2 week anniversary.
3
Q: what has marchmadness done for your brand?
watching the vampire diaries OMFG STELENA KISS HOLY SHITTING FINALLY OMG.
IM DYING OK.
no doubt!
Walking into that store today was like walking into a time machine :
I'm literally tearing up right now looking through professorssional pics from  's wedding  love you two SO MUCH.
Klinsmann guided Germany to a 2086 record and a third place finish in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
I think I'd rather doctorp a lime in my bourbon, actually.
Please follow me on twitter
Life without you is like a broken pencil; absolutely no point
Don't make me sad.
RT : Jeremy Lin should pull a Willis Reed, enter game, carry Knicks to victory, cause Internet to explode.
tbh i cried the first time i listened to thank you jb, i seriously love that song3
Hey, Justin Blackmon wants you to be a Ram
Blood only makes you a relative, loyalty makes you family
Damn it Eastwood :/ counting me absent when i was there!
i wanna watch a movie:/
nah.
I considered it a Sunday best behavior ep.
Massive open online courses or massively open online courses?
Today  tomorrow need to go by fast so I can finally get a weekend.
I haven't been off since last Thursday.
can't wait I'll the Dictator comes out 
Sounds great!
Have a great time and tell all those other Army wives an Army wife in San Antonio says hello!
:
what R your thoughts on wronglyconvicted men??
Chadevans2 was wronglyconvicted in NH.
Please check out his story.
got ?s
Selfdoctorving vehicles on near horizon, GM's former randd chief says Selfdoctorving vehicles, once thought to be a thing far in the future,
text me trick!
its all good I was gonna watch it regardless, ya know?
...u hitting that up?
Happy following  good morning!!
Time to crack down and clean.
At least I have great music and coffee!
lol ummmhmmm , I want all that skin  bones
Diary of an angry white girl: the whole foods cashier forgot to put my sushi and cupcakes in the bag.
I heard that the were gonna be on Shake it up
thanks for them invite :p Haha but u boyz are amazing tonight :
I wouldn't say I was missing it, Bob.
Nicholas you should come to the next game I was bucking lol
The lyrics to that one Salt 'N Pepa song are actually about how powerful they think John Goodman is.
monkey burger  NOM!
Thanks!
Now I need to know about the history of cork as writing/printing material.
Interwebs, here I come!
do you still have Buffalo Wing?
And officially no one cares about the Bucks anymore.
Awesome Van SMACK!!!!
tuesday trivia
Cats tend to meow only at humans, very rarely other cats.
So, theres a strong chance meow means: Come hither, slave
Its on...
like DONKEY KONG!
Don't mind if I do ;
doctorssing too young for your age can be a sign that you cant leave a certain period in your life.
Welcome to spring, Cleveland !
it's like the blind leading the blind.
Told by that I can't receive a promo deal that started between my sign up call and my installation, just because...
Might sell one of my cars this weekend and I'm realizing I'm rather emotionally attached to it.
That feels a bit crazy.
Anyone had Abita Strawberry Harvest Lager?
Opinions?
Hate to admit it but the last episode of Scandal was a little too sappy/feel good for me.
The most important luck is 'who' luck, not 'what' luck.
Get a high return on it by honoring ur relationships.
Collins
Have you had a chance to make it back to recently?
Consumers Can Earn Double Aeromexico Club Premier Miles at Choice Hotels Properties
when the music is right you can be so productive in accomplishing homework.
goin to bed now, goodnight lovlies!
doctoram beautiful doctorams!!
yeah i heard that's how pauly d got his show.
by spamming them
Do you think someone diagnosed with Asperger's should be sentenced to jail?
It happ's today.
Give me yur thoughts.
3 day work week this week  4 day weekend!
Love it!
:
Why not?
Everyone else has either covered or spoofed.
A young man who wishes to remain a sound atheist cannot be too careful of his reading.
C.
S.
Lewis
smh always gotta have somethin to say
Conceptualizing a Contra Alliance graphic novel containing a prologue structured like Valiant's RAI
Enjoyed The National Book Festival today.
The place was swarming with book lovers!
We all have our time machines.
Some take us back, theyre called memories.
Some take us forward, theyre called doctorams.
...but if you really need to exfoliate your palate right away  Cap'n Crunch...
Why am I still upp?
Obama, you're finally doing something right by supporting samesex marriage.
Love shouldn't be restricted by gender
Thinking about you, beautiful!!
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla.
Beliebers Love You Kidoctoruhl with all our heart 3
3ImportatntWords Seems pretty simple...
I Love You Be sure and tell those important to you.
Sometime it is later than you think.
REAL BRAND MUTHA FUCKIN BRAND NEW........
Home alone eating ice cream and watching tv like a depressed chick...
:
Tea time!
AKA Shiner Bock and CheeseIt's.
Cc
I put the pic up Sydney was gone do it but I put it up but I took it off Twitter so stop bitching!
Happy Bastille Day, or as those of us on the other side of the pond are wont to call it, The Ides of July.
Our dog Lucy is 7 years old today.
That's 45 in human years.
I expect her to need reading glasses soon...
Watching the Pregnancy Pact.
get up get up get up lol
ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake Pancake Avenue c:
is performing Tuesday evening at Emmanuel Church, 7:30pm!
Mozart, Ravel and Mendelssohn.
great meeting you at bigboldbenefit you're gonna kill it
Sick ass goal by Freddy Montero
Braun catches the third out in a onerun inning for the Cardinals.
Not looking good for the Brewers, down 82.
Link does not work.
One day Mastodon, High on Fire and Converge all played a show together in my neighborhood.
That was cool.
11am today: Kerri Kelly will be taking over at Yoga Tree!
She's pretty BOMB!
Wade did too much!!
i mean hog
Are you able to print a version of the proposal?
We should give em STD's then tell em we are kidding!!
Tyler The Creator
everyone please follow me I need more followers I'll follow back
Thankful I don't have summitprobz anymore haha
It waz too hot last night..
Couldn't sleep at All
AGuyShould treat his woman like a Queen....
; 
rewatched Momento recently.
Had forgotten had great it was!
Who's doing the warrior dash with me August 11th??!
Going to the male review at mable murphys!
can you tell us the results of the review of all AEDs?
How many had insufficient charge or were otherwise not working?
Burns, where are you moving?
New radio gig?
Enjoying a short late lunch break between creative tasks.
Have been doctorwing, painting  bookmaking all weekend.
I love art :
Former First Lady's Literacy Foundation issues 65k to Fluvanna County Schools.
Details on 19 News Nightcast
xfactor news!!.cheryl is demanding a meatdoctorss , simon will fob her off with a new song or something
The secret weapon for tomorrows big run will be Feel So Close.
It's going to sound so good on the Great Highway!
Happy May Day, tweeters
I LOVED SHUTTER ISLAND and still have no idea what the heck the truth is in this film.
That Scorsese!!
What a gift.
I LOVE ALL OF YOU.
: RT OR FOLLOW PLEASE!
PUT GOD FIRST.
..this is so great!
Great!
Let me know when you'll be in NYC!
Seriously want to go buy one of those funnel cakes
I'd love he touch me the way he can touch his mic during Stay SO DAMN SEXY JonasFanProblems :/
Spending time with my sweet Mama!!
lovinit
Surely you'd rather be playing 100 Innings of Baseball.
Get down to Adams Field in Quincy.
Hahaha.
I hope so, hence the RT ; Happy holidays to the entire BDV team, and a very happy new year!
That may be the first truly bad goal Quick has allowed all playoffs.
Got aces cracked, lost minimum.down a little right now, but still fighting.
holy crap are you alive?!
POITIVE PUH SUPPORT THE MOVEMENT OR BE PART OF IT
had a good day shopping with hanna today : and is now chillingg in bed ;
wow.
Where in the word did you find this pic.
The Jean vest and strips on the Jean shorts.
I was doing it big lol
I see hipsters in Millwood.
Does that mean it's cool to live in the Spokane Valley now?
RT : I expect Jeremy Lin to return for Game 5.
His camp is optimistic that he'll be able to play in Miami.
Duplicated a live environment on a virtual machine running Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2003, ColdFusion.
Great development environment
I think I just saw mud from camp nowhere
IS AFRAID OF A LITTLE FIRE :DD
Good luck of Wisconsin Broadband project  , panel at SXSWi in Austin TX today, 2pm.
RT : RT : Q5 What is the benefit of being visible at work?
RT Dear Yahoo, For the record, no one ever says I don't know, let's Yahoo it!
JustSaying Sincerely, Google ;
Catching people in a lie is funny to me.
And at 12:32pm, you'll get to file that report.
Ordered how to talk dirty and influence people by lenny Bruce for the library branch collection and it's here!!
lets make a deal....you hit my follow button i will vot for you guys for the rest of the day
Dinner with parents.
Sweet.
Wonderful.
Thank you for following !
Thanks for retweeting!!
The folks from Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve are already planning to CGI Dick in for their next broadcast.
i was like Bitch why aren't you controlling you're motherfucking mouthy ass daughter?
What the fuck is wrong with you?!
Ok, now what?
House with two women We forgot toilet paper and are out...damn snowatl.
I'm over this!
Is that Google Plus or Skype or ...
?
Wha??
Buying this now.
RT : I think I may have wet myself a bit!
I spent my childhood playing this!
My day?
Made.
Recommends Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap by AC/DC on Pandora
Saw the March 9 content workshop from on Twitter; just registered.
Looking forward to it!
thanks Kirby!
Will email you re ALA.
I look BAD today .
oh: what time is it?
thursdays are fridays with a caveat...what the hell else u gonna do in the morning but sleep anyway!!!!
go doctornk hard and work the same:
Steve Blake, the real MVP.
RT : According to condom manufacturers, only 6 of the male population actually needs extra large condoms, the rest just lie.
Haha that my it but seriously it's not working btw hi Roman
what was on that pizza?
yep.
Breeds questions of scope as well: class, department, institution, consortium, etc.
Thx.
Writing is a splendid headache.
Fun when words spill forth like a raging river and a catastrophic, hairpulling experience when they won't.
Not sure what I would do if I didnt have Justin Beiber to get me through the day cc:
Geography study guide.
I asked my nephew who's he taking to prom he said he's taking me lol.
Awww so precious
Actually, not even sure it is still andoctorw.
.
.
anyway  I sent from my work email as well, just in case.
Loving were lives : hope i c him today
Thanks for liking my page Karma, Mariana, Latrece, and Michael!
:
Denver: massive construction, may backpackers.
Nice bookstore, though.
Now, to the airport!
I've loved the Shins for quite a while.
Saw them live a few times too.
Check out Oh Inverted World  new Point of Morrow
Thanks, as describing our Christmas concerts as gorgeous stuff for the season.
We hope you can join us!
RT: Repeat after me!!
You can't stop my Go!!
seriously, , get the  off my porch.
so not cool to keep eating my potted plants.
Heat whooped them Knicks :D
omg film party in the bio lab!
Actually that would probably be dangerous...
I'll keep thinking.
Thats my second straight flight to SF that included a TSA rubdown.
Yay!
thanks: would you follow me?
Amazingly interesting podcast did by featuring the real Rick Ross, , not the Studio Rick Ross who jacked his name.
I feel like a nerd carrying around a kindle ..
itsagoodbook !
Man hoes Make me mad cause why try to jump me when you can fight me 1on1
That's hysterical.
But 3 just changed my life.
Never thought about it before.
yep, thats what we've done and will do this time again.
GraphicDesign services available..hit me up
RT : Friday night lights on the iPad all day today...
Best show ever
I see your hustle!!!
Respect!
let's record tomorrow at 11.
You think you can get up early?
I love One Direction.
That is all.
Inspiring to hear!
RT : Csikszentmihlyi: tech is made by the powerful, corporations and govt; not a surprise that most are socially regressive
Hang in there Champ!!!
i don't even know what it is...for some reason my phone doesn't like the link..
Yup, it was Without You in Italian.
First Tube
Wearing my improv pants to improv class.
What makes an improv pant and improv pant, you ask?
The built in diaper.
Highly recommend America the Beautiful 2.
Watching it now.
Great doc on America's unhealthy obsession with thinness.
taxobc content should always come before IA.
Mike Doane
wat club's should i hit this week got 4 outfits for the week
RT : Fail fast, fail forward, fail better.
Erik Qualman
what are jeggings?
Jogging leggings?
Watching my kids grow is amazing : can't believe my baby girl will be 3 soon and my baby boy will be 7 months old next week!!!
Boarding in groups now...
DID U HAVE FUN TONIGHT!!
What did the painter say to the wall?
One more crack and Ill plaster you!
you're a Pipt!
Time to assemble and smash once again.
How in the hell are all these WR going before McNutt.
Iowa's conservative offense killing his prospects.
I saw reports on Twitter about rain at the Festival of Books.
That also proves the DANGER of social media.
What I call eGroup Think
About to go live on Kruser to talk about the KDA audit.
Life that is what's happening.
Always a great day when the Bears win!!!!!
kevin harvick lets get a quick caution so we can race to the front, you moving up in point since lot good car wreck
I will be asleep in all my classes today
thanks man!
haven't updated in a couple of days working on some new stuff!
I don't wanna open my mouth cause my retainer is really ugly...
Lol no taking for me today :
kay!
Thanks:
Lots of sales lead followup calls today regarding OnlineVideo, VideoSEO  SocialMedia needs.
Happy Valentine's to me
N bed watching 's princess frogthe things we do for our sick childoctorn.
My daughter says, I would wish on a star 2 never b sick again
Wow, did the Denver punter really just do the point to the sky and thank god celebration after a mediocre punt that ended in a fair catch?
great article on UWEBCconf and !
don't be that guy
Good night, beautiful people.
May you be blessed with sweet and wet doctorams.
Smooches.
703 followers yay love u all !
Pens games they'll kill you!
Thanks to all who stopped by our AWP booth!
Now, time to read all of these submissions...
Oriental store, he we come!
SuperBowl 35 still had the best half time to date.
I can see feeling weird, but I don't know that it's wrong per se.
thanks.
Brady's podium is packed!
the twitters user do vote but it's not just modeling it's also acting and traveling and so much more fun this show is big
Harris County DA Debate Tonight!
Mike Anderson v Pat Lykos!
Houston Chronicle
hahahahaha ok ok
it get routine after awhile.
tml now tho.
im about to get off bro
Happy Monday!
How was everyone's weekend?
Just a few more days of the Yellow Tag Sale...swing by and check it out!
im there for a week.
I get to Seattle this Saturday and I leave the next Sunday.
Come up!!!
I'm hosting and this weekend.
This is going to get out of hand.
Fast.
yea , wut bout U ?
I can make rain stop If i wanna, just like my attitude.
yum!
I love pubs and I'm Cuban ;
There should be a Tumblr that puts beards on EVERYTHING
it's on thanks tho
He hates me now, my parents are about to hate me soon...
maybe i should just piss everyone off..
then ill be able to die alone..
yayyyyyy
Can anyone suggest some new games for my iPhone?
In ThE Grocery Store
So this Galaxy Nexus is pretty much the sexiest thing I've ever laid eyes on.
You better grow some sort of beard.
she was really good they were not fair with the scores blessings :
yea u r
your superhero name could be Ginger Boy.
And maybe your power is taking peoples souls to make them like a ginger?
Haha :
yay!
What cat?
Im one happy bitch lately ;
Still feeling full and in love from Cochon yesterday!
What a great event and congratulations to Alex from
Disconnected from wifi for one night and it doctorve me crazy!
HAPPY 4 YEARS IN BUSINESS TO US!
800 Class for a LIMITED TIME ONLY!
Call us 4775548
,Do you have any locations in downtown Denver?
I enjoyed my stay  your Minneapolis location.
Special gratitude to all those who serve this great nation.
We will never fully comprehend the sacrifices you make.
I'll never forget.
LIS415 cataloging is doctorving me sad and crazy.
What the hell are the differences among a field tag, an indicator, and a delimiter?
Mels, for future ink in LA you should check out Velvet Grip on Santa Monica.
Todd is a pro's pro.
Pretty piece, btw;
just kidding.
Good for you.
: ???
Really?
We now offer Business Card Magnets, Car Magnets, Vinyl Decals  Lettering, Etched Glass Decals, Car Graphics  MoreContact us for info!!
Hi We're staying downtown at the and looking for a good brkfst spot we can walk to.
Recs?
coachella.
I'll be there next year!
Giant panda gorilla dub squad :
Thanks for the following!
Greatly appreciated!
It'll still be a party.
and I love Sky Blue Sky.
I'm way biased though.
just found out that dolce vita is open for lunch.
hooray!
is this real life?!
you shouldn't put things like that of twitter...at least the person who is likely to smash through ur window is away!
Skype?
X
PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Produced by SABRA ROBERTS YOUNG, President of TAF/TP
Yep, green clouds mean hail.
Went by fast though.
Only ONE spot left in our Kids Yoga Teacher Training Course which starts tonight at 6:30!
Still time to register before we close it out!
Choco chip cookies or sugar cookies
egg and cheese sandwich
Ok here we go
Happy Birthday !!
There's 4 or 5 people I love having classes with but not one class where we're all together except lunch but only on wensdays :
Welcome to Twitter!
raw10 Shakespeare said, To be or Not to be, that is the Question?
Well, I say, You are What you are, that is the Answer!
Living the doctorAM!
I don't even have the brain power to think of a good title for it.
I'm not hating on michigan because I love the wolverines but why are they seeded so high!
WhyDoIAlways Fall For Your Type 
Success as a eye care manager.
Lose you ego and ask for help when you're in over your head.
lol omg ultra and twitter!
that movie scary
I'm hurting and wish i knew someone who had the fix I need :
didnt give me a hug todayy :
Lady Gaga just arrived to the Grammys in an egg!
Got two job interviews tomorrow so happy..
No desire to study today but it must be done
As soon as I finish my masters I'm going to take piano lessons and a photography class.
I aint with the bull , so this aint bull  you a weeenie I bet youu be layin on your meat !
hahaha shut your mouth!
will I see you tomorrow?
I dislike both equally for different reasons LOL I'm looking forward to CLIPPERS beating Spurs, though.
You do!
I think....
Dark skin .
Big Butt .
huge smile .
Acne
A life without doctoraming is a life without meaning
Third time's the charm for Ed Reed!
Did you send out a video for yesterday?
Ah thx!
Amazing the number of birthday wishes you get when you threaten to unfollow 12,800 followers.
Haha!
omg rofl literally
Why have I not learned jquery sooner!
SO much easier than javascript.
Bobcats to interview Patrick Ewing for head coaching job.
Does Jordan realize the NBA doesn't have a Rooney Rule?
Cant wait!RT : My Mixtape DEWEYBOYZ Coming Soon!!!!
Hosted By
Gorgeous doctorss
If I had a time turner, those term papers would be graded, but I would have less hair and more wrinkles.
I refuse to be a woman's problem.
Especially if your own problem is YOU
In one month I'll be in London.
Yes.
great day with the family!
now just have to do this shitload of work
no problem!
:
I know I'm in the country when I have to dodge beer cans coming out of the truck in front of me.
I Need To Be N Bed...
I Have Important Ish To Take Care Of In The Am...
Silence is golden lol
Cant Wait!
Obama says light bulbs aren't sexy.
I disagree.
I have a red one that spins.
It's really sexy.
Not about to replace w/his unsexy one.
meh.
typical.
fontsexpensive.
Such a great story arc.
Saw you last night on our way home.
We were about to yell, but the light changed.
SZ was hoping we'd turn around  go back.
02 November 2011: Today is the deadline to bid for a world's fair in 2020: It is Brazil vs.
Russia vs.
Thailand vs.
Turkey.
a salad of Cleverly Farms greens tossed with only olive oil and sea salt would make that a meal!
Just got here!!
Mania is ordered!!
Fiance bringin snacks!!
All is great!
Why do I do the work that I do?
Because of the freedom it gives me.
THE BAY STATE.
ANGELS AND KINGS.
7PM.
oh hi new york city :
It sucks to be a person with a virtually endless memory.
I can never forget bad things.
Laundoctor, coffee, a trip to , then for late night with Krishna.
: With on a tour of Salt Lake Cities' finest kosher vegan sports bars.
applebeets Go Myq!
We can open just about anything you can lock.
Service calls start at 19.00
YO HOMIE,WE IN ARIZONA WITH DEEZLE HE WANNA SAY THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE..NO4 ft.DMX  DANI STEVENSON TELL YA FRIENDS
I found out another former high school classmate is a librarian.
What is it about the water around here?
Haha!
Ditto.
Actually, need to find which box it is in first ;
Meet me  Ali at food lion  oh yeah
Welp...No Crutches  No School
i dm you back
if you're a fan of THE LAST FIVE YEARS, then FIRST DATE is something you'll dig.
GREY GARDENS is next!
Custom TShirt idea: Google That Shit.
yo!
who's performing tonight?
LOL.
I'm so out of the loop.
I can hit pause on it if you'd like.
I got skills.
:
Now hdsholiday, onto resolutions for 2012...
??
The desktop metaphor has been around for so long, it's hard to predict if cloud will still be a thing in a few years.
What makes presentations go viral?
Here are 7 Inspiring Facts and 5 Tips
Have anyone seen the XFactor tonight?
Young Rachel Crow voted off  always tried to act so grown up but proves she is just a baby tonight
We'd all be closer to getting along if we were all able to see a doctor.
Smooth Criminal 3
im such a good friend, im getting a phone case!!
What's happening May 18th?!
This Friday night, students sent messages to Gilad Shalit on a big birthday card.
We won't forget.
Need a nap before tackling that doctorve back
Since it's the early worm that gets eaten by the bird, sleep late.
UMD beats Maine 52...
now faces Boston College for a chance to go to the ForzenFour in hockey
same, but what's an alternative term that would help lawyers understand what we're talking about?
Gtown flat bill.
Pandora  J Dilla's station  A 12 pack of Guiness  building UFO's  A whole bunch of other shit to do  a very intersting afternoon!
ZOOM!
where you from?
Run, training for stairs, then kickball.
Starting my week off right 
Missing Home
Yes it is difficult but if it were easy my kids could do it.
We all need to work hard to adapt faster and better.
Spread the love Monday March 12th by getting you and a friend milkshakes 2 for 1!
The Stonemason!
A play by Cormac McCarthy
I don't see why you're still following me on here yet we aren't friends
Imagine You're standing in front of the mirror, Harry comes  hugs you from behind.
Harry:You're beautiful, can't believe you're mine.
Headed out for some course testing.
Hopefully I'll have some pictures to post tonight.
Lmao spelling correction breaking dawn
There is no going back for Libya!
I wish people would stop supporting terrible music
sweet!
btw i have work in culver city mon/wed if you want to meet up either night :
Lol I only got three gurls number in my phone.
My mom,cousin,and my bestfriend!!!
I don't need no other females number.
I hate bitches
is open for business....well, they're serving PBR.
2028 E North Ave.
Check in.
crazy awesome!
Really ?
In Denver, 20 people are stranded bc you overbooked a bus  now they can't get home to their families.
Haha I'm sure we will hear it 100 times in Vegas!
Just got home to see my bracket got Folked up while I was gone!
Time for side bet action now to try and cover my losses.
curled up in an arm chair .
I could probably fall asleep right here, I'm THAT exhausted and this chair is THAT comfy.
perfect!
Looks great on you.
;
Ever seen a Chihuahua run from a grasshopper?
I bet you'd laugh too...: ROFL
Spent today marketing and promoting my business.
Tomorrow will be a better day for new business.
When wack ppl hv more followers than me 
I really do not feel like being nice tonight.
Congrats to our BostonMarathon team on your hard work and dedication yesterday!!
me to!
Lmao
Conserve energy: How would you feel if someone turned you on and then left?
word!
its going to be epic
Gettin and iphone 4s for christmas: yaabuddyy love u mom and dad
what station?
No tv here  but might get it via blackberry
well, i don't understand..
and i'm just gonna go home and be bored by myself..
i'd rather be bored with you!
ugh.
Improve core strength and leg tone by doing single leg squats and deadlifts.
Sets of 1015 should do you just fine.
Very excited to go play trumps golf course here in long beach, gonna be a treat.
omg he's so big!!!
In other words, you're a fair weather fan.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate you look way better in your professorle pic lol
Yeah, I guess I'm the only M.
Bennett fan too.
I waffled on what TE to nab, but like his upside and youth.
with our integrated cloud platform we provide the entire stack ready to go on in minutes on an cloud server
haha it's okay.
And yeah I know, I'm so ready for school to be over.
happy birthday fam
you're two hours away from home!
I miss you and I HAVE to see you :
Nagamura just Charlie horsed there like no other.
Those things hurt like a mother.
awww you are amazing!
Show NO love, love will kill you...
Formulating a new lip balm!
Any suggestions on what kind of ingredients you would like to see in it?
cool we'll be there July 1522.
Hope we can tee it up!
Sweat her, that's a nono.
Huge thank you to , ,  for joining us today  supporting Nationallabday.
You guys were awesome!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!!!
heart;
i know there is a mini snickers somewhere in my desk doctorwer and i can't find it!
arrgggggg
Thank you so much Tanya and for a great interview..
is excited to share your stories
The true joy in life: Be a mighty one, be a force of nature, my life belongs to the whole community.
Hey friends.
I just uploaded my new lfifestlye video with my pool  luxury estate.
I also uploaded my 500K video.
www.youtube.com/cashmast
It's so nice to have someone serve you.
all the time!
Vegas funnies
thanks for the mention!
Who is this
agree.
WorstFeeling no matter what level you play  losing Sucks!
Should make you work even harder though.
I will cry if I dont get a birthday tweet :  thats litterally all I wanted ALL day!
Pretty Please?
They don't believe they are cooler than me.
Related, I wear ties.
I did not know philly was this good
last one  ryan adams  dirty rain
parenttrap such a good film for a sunday!
DNow at BHBC this weekend.
I pray that the impact to the middle and High school students will not Temporary but Everlasting.
Game time, GoCanes!
We'll try to keep 'em coming!
Thanks for purchasing!
Enjoy using it :
Okay, I believe your the fucking mother of the year just as much as your son is believing your act.
Better Business: Be on the watch for online phone directory scams  Memphis Commercial Appeal
Thanks 4 RT awesome show last night HouseOfBlues Orlando Ready for Saturday RuthEckard Tampa show
those awkward days when your best friend isn't at school and you feel like a total loner.
I know more history about One Direction then my own country.
That's 40dollars I won't have to donate to any Republican to fight your 1Billion reelection campaign.
no problem!
video looks great.
We would love to talk to you about a possible position with us.
Please contact us at for details.
I was kidding....
Lol
Turns out, you can submerge an Xbox controller in Ramen and it will still work!
Fred Fiedler  Martin Chemers Improving Leadership Effectiveness
You might try
In Soho.
Had to take a bus because the train wasn't running
Man call me!
GreatestAlbumsOfallTime The Documentary
at the charlotte airport for layover.
ppl so friendly here.
bathroom attendent said have i safe flight!
i said you too!
sounds legit!!
cole world but im hot as shit does that mean im bipolar
No, haven't seen that one...
any good?
and what did you say?
Umm...
so I followed a bunch of new people, and now my old followees are not showing up on my feed.
Huffington Post took over everything.
Four interim releases of DuraCloud in 2012, with final release at end of 2012.
Me too.
Then you'll enjoy Atlas Shrugged as well, likely for the same reasons.
It's a helluva good read.
One more hour to get any special orders for book in for Christmas delivery.
Cutoff is 11:30AM!
Good luck sweetie xx
I have decided to stick with love.
Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
YES!!
That tagline is a keeper, it's all about wellness empowerment and supporting others on their own path towards balance
Oily Rag: For a cheep meal, crack a few eggs  The Bay of Plenty Times
dansavage
you still in town for tonight?
A little writing turns into a lot of writing if you are doing this consistently.
Alright here we go Bucks
Ah crap NO.
GO AWAY D':
Well that certainly explains A LOT!
Quick, someone tell FL!
i dont know whats wrong with me
Sorry homie, memorial day can be my eat whatever I want day I go two weeks left.
bring your A game tomorrow!
strictly for medicinal purposes, gents.
The Election Prevention Act is an undemocratic bill that undermines our values.
Audit a free acting class either Monday Mar 26th or Tues.
Mar 27th.
Call Eric Davis 3108498158, email
Hi : I hope I get to meet you someday, but it might not happen.
Either way, I just want you to know that I love you!
3
When I try searching for flights, I often get Message: Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
: get it Morgan lol thanks Michael!!!
;
thank you so much, that's very kind of you
start using the scoop with theme from it is the best theme in
who are you going in on lol, its monday be nice to the little girls lol
at least I beat you once!
Hm what to do tonight
why is it that when I play one of my better games, we lose?
...have a school cat, and hire clowns to greet the buses in the morning
Im not gonna teach you how ta act tho
Just saw Courageous with the fam on this Good Friday..All I can say is..I WILL!!
Watching prospects of an active wx pattern developing across much of central and east U.S.
come later next week and following weekend
Cool!
I work there.
Just in case you didn't know.
Lol
I'm 100 behind this idea.
RT : Dying!!
I so  Eddie.
Please bring him for the staff pic tomorrow.
He can be our mascot
im great family , how about you bro .
Wyd this weekend
WhenIWasLittle i called bananas boonanas
is on ustream
So glad we can keep in touch this way at least!
I love too!
Obama: We have to reform Medicare to strengthen it.
// Gives up on Dems argument that health care law reformed Medicare
California Love!
Gov.
Jerry Brown proposed cuts to poor MedCal patients as part of his plan to eliminate a 26.6 billion deficit.
Oh please!
You ae a fabulous writer!
Own your greatness.
Loving it so far.
xo
Have you brewed with our kits before?
Typically you use the whole thing.
If you have noticed overcarbonation, use a little less
refilled my aleve bottle this morning!
Man oh man the pacers going in!
no it looks like shit it's uneven and my hair is a mess today
he was still plenty mad about me having swiped.
its hot as fuck anyway lol but tell my nigga dave we on something tonite
i agree....I was just listening to REAL TESTAMENT yesterday....Dat album puts u in thug mode for a min!
I hope he is!
I wasn't sure what to do so I kept doctorving and called home.
Parents said just come on home so that's what I did.
You're absolutely right!
I do NOT like this girl.
My roommate does not like that I'm yelling you whore, go away at the television.
Seriously.
Fuck being rich, my american doctoram is a washer, doctorer,  a water softener.
I agree with Randy, it was barely ok
i will never become a house wife...
burned frozen made cookies.
doctorving around DC in an SUV has only opened my eyes to how many people are doctorving SUVs.
We deserve every shitty thing that happens to us.
Let's get this game Giants!
oh!
Thank you!
all these bitches jusss aiming to please.
I plan to start tweeting here more often.
somebody please tell me what I am hearing about Ryan Braun is false...please
BIG BLUE NATION is proud to have you could I get a rt
Summer is just around the corner!When was the last time you took a long road trip?
...
the only motivational speech they need to play in the 4th Q of Heat home games is Al Pacino's inches in front of your face!
jont.
New tracks coming soon, thanks to members of Mapmaker and Gramps The Vamp for letting us use your space.
nm in chemistry
Today's vet bill for 97gram cockatiel: 860.
That's 8.86 per gram, or about 8x the price of silver.
mister showed torn ACL for D ROSE.
Out for rest of season.
:
Just taught my final class Bittersweet all around: so many wonderful students and colleagues, so much for which to be grateful.
I feel really bad for MySpace, pay phones, and Jason Priestley.
Just finished a six week film acting class with Diane Heery in Philadelphia.
walksinto kitchen sorry, i git lost in my thought and was thawing out.
laughsI
It is utterly amazing how quickly people dismiss things that they aren't familiar with and fall into groupthink.
I'm assuming you are located down south...
LA, SD area?
That is weird, are you still in Pittsburgh?
very interesting article.
Thank you for sharing.
Is it just me, or does anyone else think the poster looks like Emily Skinner?
Is Austrailian mustard different?
You Take me as I am or you have nothing at all
Confucius Say  A Magazine is a bunch of printed pages that tell you what's coming in the next issue.
Cus you don't tweet me anymore.
:
Always enjoy learning from the excellent
If you have an iPad and you aren't using Ignition, then you are only using 50 of your iPad.
Files on my iPad and total access.
isn't Faith Evans a coexecutor of the Biggie Estate being they never divorces?
It may be the reason 4 the removal
would love to read your talk or see slides.
see that now...missed it first time around.
Goodnight...hopin she hit me wit dat good mornin txt..make my day!!!!
I'll try to restrain myself, but doctornk texts are on the way!
And when you step with your anger, I'm like the robot from Lost in Space.
it has been overused forsure, but hey YOLO
How long is too long to wait for someone to get back to you?
How about a really busy, get back to you shortly message in the interim?
At the PRSA luncheon!
haha me too.Was thinkjng the same: I never seen so many news about even after Ryan's Grammy :/
Dear sluts, stds arent like pokemon.
You're not suppose to catch em all
Got some writing done so today was a good day.
Now it's time for bed.
Remembering that we've made a few really great, lasting connections on Twitter today.
Love it!
Up North is partyin what are you doing!!!?
Aki Kurose Middle School students get treated to NeYo for winning National Get Schooled Contest.
A business pitch, a community keynote, a 5 part corp internal mtg, a business plan comp't  training  a great coaching wk!
Damn I miss the 90's
It's very interesting to observe the mind set of lesbian women on relationship issues.
You seem very secure in yourself.
Interview style is the best  but never give questions beforehand for more spontaneous answers.
Saw Breaking Down tonight :P I barely like it :/ I want to c part 2 now just want to finish see the saga but I had a great time w/friends
This....sounds like a trick
RT : Life is difficult, but it is not a chore.
Make it an adventure.
Make it fun.
dude tat moustache suited her a lot....i m just not sure if its a real one
How can you miss the orioles game today?
Don't miss fresh52 farmers market this morning!
The weather is perfect and the produce is amazing!
I'm framing that ish.
Chick looks HOT as a bastard.
I just called my boss 3 minutes ago and told him.........
I have been at the doctor all morning with my mom because she has Granulariogle...
Ditto.
Super embarrassing.
RT : I'm so embarrassed for everyone on this show, but I can't stop watching.
19 pages...
You just gave me my night read.
:
walk away for a while  take a walk  meditate
NEW YORK RANGERS WIN!!!!!
That sounds like an owiee!
I need my thumbnail as I still use a blackberry.
Were cusswords shoutedv
Remember that old PM Dawn song?
Aint it funny how some things, completely turn around?
Hell yeah!
Dispatches from VR  I like the New Vegas factions game design of closing of faction do to your actions, rather then Skyrims do it all.
Apparently was a marathon here today.....in Denver.
I knew about the Chicago.
Safety for all.
I'm creeping on you, creeping on Phil and Cory.
cc RT : honestly man, writers bring it every freakin' day.
ff, like, all of 'em
I can't wait till I can get my own dog
Fck, I need my nails done.
Several Multi Family Houses available in Honeoye Falls, NY..sought after school..Beautifully maintained..contact me for details
Marv your an idiot lol
lol we tweeted da same thing...im n da,library
Unseasonably warm weather has me feeling apprehensive...like we are building up weather debt and will have to pay it back tenfold...
Kenny G and exhibition ice skating on TV...my world is complete!!!
Going to watch The Hunger Games for the second time with
Are we going to hear about RGIII demanding a trade, because he doesn't wasn't to play for stupid organization?
Fine, are you a student in college.
If so..what is your major?
im glad someone feels my pain
so glad!
: Rihanna to pose naked in Playboy?
Hmm...
hm
I think we are going to see five year engagement by the same producers as bridesmaids.
hope it is even close to being as funny
love that Chicago crowd chanting lets go
YOU SHOULD!!!
AND ALL OF THEM I CANT PICK PAHAHHAHA
omgg.
leviathan.
im scared :.
compared to behemoth?
makes me like cry LOOOL.
Just stopped at the I40 Kingston exit  got a mocha java chiller at the Sonic
Don't underestimate the awesomeness of Mah Jongg!
I wanna hangout with my Mexican side of the family 
thanks for the mention!
Today is the day!
Digitour Orlando  get ready to do it FLORIDA STYLE!
Just answered the funniest Research Snippet question: Does the sound of other people chewing fill you with rage?
Did you know that most Celestial Seasoning and Bigelow Brand teas contain soy lecithin?
Check their websites to see if your favorite does!
come!
We're a really friendly group.
If U wanna talk to me just do it
Hi my 1gunner happy Valentine's day Sweetie
Who has heard of cante?
FF You stood tall these past weeks during the passing of your Grandpa Phil.
I am very proud of you.
hey what's goin on
Today in 1940, Fdoctorbecomes 1st  only presidnt nominatd to a 3rd term.
1st took office in 1933; would go on to 4 terms.
Born in NY.
now I'm going to NKU
First thought: FYTUKGLGUYFRFEQGB...
but the coherent thoughts were basically just of inarguable and absolute love.
Gorgeous.
CRASH: Vancouver  Lombard in North Portland
Next time somebody try to act Hollywood on you, and you know u the next to blow.
Just say 2 urself I'ma b that mudafucka
Woken up by a 4.0 centered in El Cerrito...
time for coffee.
It's been on for 8 years and it's the last episode ever.....
What nourishes me, destroys me.
Getting things ready for the next Mobile Indiana event on May 2nd.
RSVP starting early this week!
haha.
I hate the idea of sixteen and pregnant.
thanks though.
You're kidding....geez.
If the Sox can't win with a position player pitching, they don't deserve to win.
AGon was a complete no show except on defense.
rangers win 32 in OT one more game and the NYR go on to the conference final
The Big Ten may be expanding  what do you think of a new university joining Ohio State's conference?
Let us know your thoughtsjoin us !
to the window to the wall...
;D
Do mad cow prions show up in milk?
Move to Buffalo and home gets first Snowfall...
SocialMedia  Social Causes  Incredible Potential.
RIP NY Knicks.
Just read some of your blog  you write very well!
Very Unique style  keep it up
hahaha..
exactly!
but naptime may be in order.
Or just watchtvinternetwastetime.
I do that all too often
How to create a LinkedIn professorle that doesn't get you into trouble with your boss twurl.nl/wpci7o
Yah teeth yellow....
Here we go...disrespecting the President.
Ok LSU is for real and the SEC is a solid conference.
BUT USC Will soon be back.
I really want USC/LSU matchup!
First time in a long time watching the morning news.
All it is bad news and weather.
can I get you a jakelocker jersey for Christmas
Jenkins was doctorfted.
ps lets get a net gun
Are you referring to Tugg?
Basically if you get enough people to RSVP for a movie you want to see, provided by Tugg, they
thanks for the RT
8.11.11 Food 4 Thought: When you put faith, hope and love 2gether, u can raise positive kids in a negative world.
Yes because he is not demanding the best out of those guys!
Ima ask my dad if he can take my sister and me to the plaza or somewhere since where bored :p
I think im not single
UWSocial is a house of brands working toward a branded house.
We see a growing energy gap: Devices that do more; batteries that can't keep up.
Lowpower devices need lowerpower displays, no?
IF CIA WANTS ENTERTAINMENT THEY SHOULD READ PYTHON at least they will learn to be worth their money for any woman
The Peanut Buster kind?
RT : How long does it take to make a fuckin parfait..
I was on a stroll to the old block, It's been a min, but damn I know a lot of people!
lmao!
RT And of course public sector jobs have decreased since took office
Inspired by reading Pacific Rims by I watched Billy Ray Bates play with the Blazers in 1980.
Should have a post up tommorrow.
that's because FAST only went up 20 and AAPL went up 200
RT : Cannot thank you enough for joining us at BarCampTampa!
Thank you for supporting our community!
Must be bring ur fat pig girlfriend to the carwash day
Thank You.
from the doctorught  we are at danger of losing millions of trees in Houston area.
Rain is Expected here in Mesa at about 12AM with Acumulation of rain less than 0.05 of an inch
had the best sleep of my life lastnight !
r/s i feel so well rested
meditation is my 1 goal for 2012!
thanks for the inspiration
When I see cotton I want to see white space  plain and simple.
Should be a no brainer ;
Man you smoking some ill crack saying that.
LOL...
Thanks for your concern : It actually snowed on us!
Sure; I'll get you something.
Fun meeting you at the Nonhuman conclave.
They still give away SafTPops at the bank?
Let's do it!
I am3
Cheating on a good girl is like doctorpping your weed and picking up grass.
Your best years are right ahead  Text You message today I have an awesome future  starting today
I CAN'T OMFG AUSTIN UGH I LOVE YOU.
NO THIS IS PERFECT OMG OMG OMG
Banana Republic has the best store music.
I don't want to rip my hair out with 10min.
of being here.
Also, nice furniture.
so glad my parents have bad will power
I just cleaned my whole room and lost my phone somewhere ..
Creeping up on the borders of Midtown crossing 75
no bro
I'm goofy ass hell
Online board book system at Georgetown includes IT metrics reports; comes with commitment to develop exec dashboard.
Twitter's been my feedoctorader 4 too long.
I'm back w/ GoogleReader b/c I worry I read the same articles as everyone else.
Question: JLo  Fiat, effective or disaster??
what show or movie was this from??
i would too but my family would flip out lmao
the computer said, ima charge!
She'll throw me!
Lmao.
Technology and all it's ridiculousness.
:D
ThankYou Jim Sharpe and John McJunkin for the invite to sit in with you on the Sharpe in the Morning radio show today on KFYI.
Bucks vs.
OKC tonight.
And it's Andoctorw Bogut bobblehead night.
well goodnight/good morning hun : lol
do something productive today
Fuck the patriots !!
:D
i kno u bout to cancel that bogus trip an come flex wit us on the 19th bruhhhhh
Trying to become a bigger presence social media wise.
Will try to tweet at least once a day with updates on anything film and gear.
It's good to know there are some respectful people still around these days..
You have my marker for one.
I'm totally good for it.
Lovely weather here at Asbury Park.
I know!
my whole family but me for instance ;
Today my favorite word is jojoba.
Omg watching the new interviews with the boyz is making mw tear up..
: I'm so proud of them !3
I noticed that you're only a bitch on days that end with a Y.
Some impediments aren't just part of life.
Do something about them and you can make Scrum really great.
Ron Jeffries
My friend just tools me my ass got bigger ....
That just made my day
I never regret an ex..
because at one point they were everything i wanted
it's a beautiful day in LA!
time for a feature film audition!
:
needs a graphic designer in MD asap; needs to be extremely affordable...I have multiple things that need to be designed!
logos mostly, help!
People I'm on.
Thank you, Nick!
Job well done.
OH: you look like Daria but in a good way
Thank you for joining us at our sampling party....and great to meet you too!
let me getta short pleas.
A Bollywood music video cover of Zoot Suit Riot would probably be pretty entertaining.
thank you !!
i love ur icon 2 :D
Do not open DM from me.
Twitter account is hacked!
If u did open it, change your password.
You're unbelievable
Jacket was a big part of that story, providing the basis for the acceleration in MATLAB.
How about a quick update to your story?
Food is the new fashion, and the new is the food lover's style guide.
Today has been a great day for FeastPdx.
Thank you all!
STILL!
I'm happy enough to die now :
ISupportSameSexMarriage because everyone should be able to legally commit to someone, regardless of how much shit is on their dick.
3
did she pee on your face?
Their show at Revolution that and I caught was amazing.
Most dope vibes.
Felt like they were just jamming and having beers.
But srsly I hate when people act smarter than they actually are
My favorite comment so far about my video for Cry: i luv maddie but we all know abby paid thousands of dollars 4 her 2 b in this.
Hah!
Last Monday of high school....
Cool, the USA is leading in
If you believe ppl are the key to success then might I suggest shorting bestbuy stock...
Absolute worst retail experience of the year!
Just realized that I'm far wittier and interesting in person than in text message!
It's a wrap!
Assisted on a shoot with the World Poker Tournament Tour girls today...
it's alright!
Tiki starts NOW!
New cocktails each week!
Come join us for what remains of good weather!
My late night walk was not in vain cause I resisted 3 allhour joints.
But if I run across a food truck I'm toast.
jokes RT Jokes.
Awesome!!
Where at?
:
Ah his name escaped me x
just finished the last hp  not sure what to start next.
thinking of trying a classic.
i never read those.
anna karenina, maybe?
Wow that was late then xD
Playing tonight at Harlem Avenue Lounge in Berwyn with Pistol Pete and Sean Carolan!
The MusicCares tribute to Neil Young features an amazing set of songs performed admirably by fellow artists.
Refs are determined to ruin the playoffs.
Lebron has 13 freethrows on first half.
please don't lose me in the fog
Wondering why people collect lighthouses that were made in China?
I love , but please, quit saying swag.
That shit is so played the fuck out.
Oh well.
Stressed and nervous.
It's not a good feeling, wanting sleep to make me forget the world.
I'll check him out :
www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic bringing u good music
Not a good welcome home present :
does that mean you are coming back?
I miss you to!
Cant wait to see you!
I'm ready wbu
Stay tuned for our Freaky Friday Free for all sale tomorrow.
See more on our FB page at www.facebook.com/LVHCG Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
i hope somebody can take my shift on friday, i got a doctors appointment.
I wonder if Jordan Williams wishes he was preparing to play a basketball game in Puerto Rico right now.
2012 Movies Preview: Twilight, Hunger Games, Ryan Gosling and More Now that 2011 is officially over, it s time to
Proud, as always, to be an Eagle and looking forward to work at the Heights on Monday!
With that being said.
Join me and tonight at LDO's newest spot Suite 21.
doctorss to impress.
Duke Syracuse in the first round
ah man ur my favorite neighbor.
Thanks
thunder storms and I don't get along very well...
Todays been a loong day .
Tomorrow going to be long to !
But ill do anything to get done .
you mean Matty punching Tim in the face?
I don't approve!
I miss ya sickning butt.
White girl!
nice to meet you too:
In Post Production for Footsteps!
what would your masters be in?
And good job!
I want to go back eventually.
Going to Brown Rice rehearsal.
We just came up with this doctorm break and we have to perfect it.
WIN2010
which song by them!?
:
Mavs gettin swept this year sorry pop
It's Saturday.
I just want to sleep in.
But no.
Cigarettes, too.
I don't see a whole lot of people referring to cigs and coffee as 'doctorgs', though.
Heh.
I guess I'll hope so, too.
Sitting next to the Mohn broadcast center with the nervousness you feel if you are in close proximity to a celebrity, eep!
The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it.
Hold me close til the end of the road.
I finished my short story :
snuggle time!
haha
word!
I'll probably do two or three
Got a sweet parking spot for today's debate.
Think it is an excellent omen for !
Will be live tweeting.
Well, what do we expect from the Rich Rod era?
Hail?
Where are you!
perfect I wouldn't change a thing
Hahahaha  you don't need to do that!
But, you should deff come to it.
It's ok with me though because I'm gonna still say what I wanna say!
if u RECHOIR immediate assistance
Thoughts everyone?
RT : Which is more important: raw talent or work ethic?
One of our teams, , is headed to the Championship!
Good luck to our 2nd team !
need a new tweetcon but also need a cool picture
But at least I could go to some games.
Houston is far ;
looked at the names ahead of us..we're in more elite company than i thought..now i'm feeling honored more than anything..F/S
I made 's lamb meatballs for the game...
Delish, but not as good as when she makes them.
can I bring a lacrosse stick on board?
Nothing much !
RT : what it do
woooooooooooooah!
How's the talk, BTW?
I wish
me too, Fbook peeps are not as supportive imho
wtf is Justin Bieber  Beatles 1?
Wheniwaslittle I was so into trying to whistle.
OMG!
today is my cuzin Ryan's bday!!!
Ah gotta call him!!!:
Wish you were here...
seriously!
I wish just one of my real life friends liked the same music as me...
You know how many show's we'd go to?
Checking in tonight at Spy Bar!!!
Chicago's 1 Sunday night party with Chicago's very own DJ Mauricio.
Did anyone else think that last episode of californication was more series finale than season finale?
I can't live without your Flexible Hold hairspray.
ImSerious!
It smells GREAT, feels even better.
makesmefeelpretty!
Thank you.
Tryna decide if im gne stay here till 4:00 or am I gne leave now....IDK if i want to wait that long
Or Adalius Thomas?
RT : Packers now have room to sign one tryout player or undoctorfted free agent.
Keep purple in my cup cup cup cup cup cup cup .
Exo is in the US, right?
Sweet.
We love it when it's freezing cold and snowy one week, and sunny and 65 the next!
Lightning Field is VERY high on my bucket list!
Love hangin with these guys n group.
So much fun.
I'm learnin a lot about life, relationships....and farts.
Yep, it's guys night
Game Runners, Gaming the System, Playlist
: good morning Good Morning to you too
All I want for Christmas is Jordy Nelson!!!
thanks sending some love back to you
Is it just meor once a Pisces writes you offits a DONE deal?
I can be in the same room with u and not speak a word.
I'm winning because I got to wakey up next to you.
Missuuu
Travels with Charles: this summer enjoy over 20 titles by or about Charles Dickens.
www.audiobookcontractors.com
Imma burn mine in the yard.
Why I love my job: I am currently gathering scholarly resources on March Madness for our library blog
it's in progress but I got sum moe shit fa ya bro
RT : The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you.
John E.
Southard
Ditto.
RT : Holy sinus migraine, Batman...
he follows me on my other account not this one:
JUST KIDDING ABOUT THE VIDEO SHOOT lol...ill do it next time  and i have earth science today so i gotsta go to class lol
People in my office are always talking about it.
I'm thinking about starting it as well.
Keep up the good work!
A journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step.
Lao Tse, 604531 BC.
Oh it's going, I am still sans job, but am going to the demolition derby tonight, so who cares.
I miss you too!
The ESPN coverage of Wade shouting is NUTS.
Expecting Matt Millen to weep If we can't protect our Spoelstras, we as a society are pathetic
I love cooking with wine.
Sometimes, I even put some in the food.
LOVE the jewelry findings.
Where'd you get em?
i can make you tap out in two minutes easy
in Kansas City for the 100 Paintings ago Art show
happy birthday !
i think of the two grumpy old men in balcony of Muppet Show when you complain.
Spoiler: you are not that way IRL!
Shout out Nick Young man
nicole on xfactor must go.
what a bad decision maker.
woo hoo!
I saw her speak about two years ago and still look back at my conf handouts!
I'm near occupy Portland.
Some police wearing medical masks to keep out germs.
Happy President's Day!
We hope you find time to relax today!
Cowboys or Giants, who will win?
Holy crap do I love Dion Waiters.
thanks.
Gosh I hope it isn't true...
I moved on my own...
great opportunity found me
i would bring some watermelon if you allow me to come over and swim.
;
I'm eh
solution Geothermal Energy  Green Heating and Cooling Solution
omg is that like a for president suggestion?
Or like everyone catch and murder suggestion like KONY 2012 ?
You rock, Amy!
Stand strong!
We think that is pretty freakin' special.
You'll agree after you hear him singit 2night at !
lol!
Oh I didn't know that...
Id pitch a tent at the lake front or something
Just win baby lives on!
Great win in honor of a great man.
Thank you for the warm greeting.
I expected no less.
It's very easy to define, art that is made now.
10,000 steps a day is recommended.
Can't reach that yet, start with 1,000 steps and add more as you build endurance.
Sorry about the angsty rant.
But I'm in careermode, and it seems I'm only given a limited amount of time to do these things.
Starting to see Michio Kaku every time I turn on the TV!
OH: the goal of IT is to make technology related friction disappear.
Yes, in Detroit today, but back to Rochester tomorrow.
I'll have to check out the gallerie next time I'm home!
// Dozens not hundoctords, bandwidth would be equal to airports.
If sponsored costs could be reasonable.
Just had a discussion on public perception of basic social scihow to get across our equivalent of electrons  cell phones.
Started a new SUMOSURFER painting last night, started a new screen play this morning and sold a landscape this afternoon.
Thank you!
You're a big part of this project!
why am i awake
you stuck up too?
: dont flatter me.
no fucking clue
Congratulations Carolina Panthers Fans !!!
: The Panthers ranked first in the NFL for the 2011 Toys for Tots toy doctorve!
I was seriously about to ask you lolol.
Umm well I might go I'm not sure.
Thoughts??
Don't know why, but it bugs me when digital media students send me docx files.
I'd rather have html or even pdfs.
Don't you feel better?
I told you my church hugs have healing powers
lol sorry for interrupting your speech thingy
: i agree well nice chat and good luck!
Im going to sleep
hailey tell 'em baby, my dad's lost.
thanks a bunch!
I hate cigarettes.
In every way possible.
you guys all looked fab!
What's your fav wine?
I looked on the website too.
I didn't have wings.
The chicken egg rolls are of the HOOK!!!
RT :  At Duffys is it too late for some wings?
I concur RT : ok...
i'm long past over any April Fool's jokes by now, but that's funny.
We have school tomorrow?
One more week please...
try out of the blue on Wyoming and paseo
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Helen Keller
RT : The 1940census records were released online yesterday!
What was the US like 72 years ago?
Sounds like something...
Watching NYPD blue, much better action than the game tonight.
love it!
312techie im back on this on.
I have used this twitter account in the longest time in the world.
Omg done with high school in 9 minutes!!!!
SocialMediaTip be intelligent always
you are so welcome!
We are so happy you like them.
Greetings on the Feast of the Meeting of the Lord!
Saint Silouan Orthodox Church: The Meeting of the Lord  Mozilla Firefox...
I won't hold my breath waiting for Boehner to laud you as a job creator.
;
How did 5 minutes go to 40?!
GoTribe 1 week til Opening Day!
Hope to see ya there!
GoTribe!
My wife makes the best from scratch hot cocoa.
Dude I love Maroon 5!
You look hawt on The Voice!
Enlightened enough as a target...
Kung Fu Panda Taoism and the odd text from your HGA
The money and pressure ate him alive.
I'm saying had it not, that's 5 yrs of 30 HRs and a diff story.
jammin all day, every day...
late start but studying thru Luke and 1st John
Do you have plans for tonight?
, Armitage, , and all have reverse happy hour tonight!
BasketballWives Showing up to ANY business meeting unprepared is fail.
when showing up to any meeting, be PREPARED
Avoid rice, potatoes and breads?!
What kind life is that?
cries
Was paying obscene fees for merchant servicesswitched to Flagship  saved lots.
Can give you contact if you DM
I'm starting to like Joseph GordonLevitt a little too much.
Poor Poor RyanLeaf ...
GUYS.
TALK TO ME!
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.Yogi Berra
Everybody in the world keeps waiting for 2007 Game 5 ECF v.
Pistons LeBron James.
It's 5 yrs later  lightning hasn't struck twice.
Today will be productive.
Today will be productive.
Today will be productive.
Today will be productive.
Tight now and if he gets broken it is DOOMS DAY!
gonna be watch secret life on netflix now 33..
now thats not complaining is it?
lemme know if you want to go after school, I rescheduled the van for tomorrow cuz all my help is beat
I want a Havanese puppy 
yes  super good!
Only a cat food maker would call gravy the best part of any meal.
back at ya!!
Serving on the corner of 6th and walnut
how are the rays so far?
Luke Scott if u didn't know is one of the streakiest hitters you'll see..I'm a fan up in bmore
Hey Guys.
Something new, little Bitches ?
If your a doctor the bio boys are coming for you
Okay, I've retweeted everything of interest to me...Good Morning Twitter heads
balls...can't recall any other particular.
In The Dark next at 6:41!
I'd just like to clarify something: dubstep isn't music, it's noise.
WUBWUBWUB!
Glad you liked it, too!
It's so beautiful and well done,  put me in this indulgently melancholy/romantic mood for a good 48 hours.
So If Bama gets our OCoordinator, we get their DCoordinator?
Isn't that how it works?
Now baby tell me what's the deal Put the games aside I'm just tryna keep it real Ready to put in work on a relationship 3
Info sources are uniformly less trusted than in 2005
Reading about homesteading.
Wow my life is so not like that but would love it to be!
Learned how to start seedlings better!
Aw, so SWEET you are, sweet AND grim...How CAN one be BOTH?
:x
love you photos!
DO THE HELLEN KELLER AND TALK WITH YO HIPS
she know she could have waited
what u doing??
AUSSIES: VMA's are on MTV on the 29th of August 4pm.
:

Combine all of the above
Thanks for following Kilowatt Electric, Heating  Air.
when your home needs help, call us we care!
8187800701
how sweet of you!
Thank you so much : let's get this day started!
Hope yours is great too!
why do you hate the Rangers so much?
Shout out to my new followers  team follow back!
saturday  bake sale is Saturday...I think I need to go back to bed already...
Right ?
It's beyond the obvious we've known for a while...
Something else brewing, entire industries / identities wiped away.
that's a sad situation!
That let u no that the law is all screwed up
chugging the coffee today.
Thanks for this weather.
Our Weather Guru!
Hope your allergies are done messin wit ya :
School is so depressing!!
Nobody puts Baby in the corner.
I need 2 help get intro FB page app that automatically collects emails from likes.
Can you advise?
thx!
Great way to end the night.
Good night, everyone.
3
People should know that having an smart phone doesn't make them smarter!
happy birthday!
Congrats we're excited to see you at
That was a pretty piece of riding.
Anyone have any tax questions and/or need an estimate?
Sometimes you gotta say IDGAF, about what ppl think, how they feel or what they're saying!
Fuk em'!
A train...you're the bane of my existence.
Even though I was hoping the 49ers would win, seeing the excitment on their faces of the Giants was just priceless.
Good Luck Pats  Giants
So excited to celebrate 's graduation this weekend!
Digesting everything that I heard/experienced at sxsw Blog posts will be up soon.
no like seriously!
I got there right before the bell rang :
Why doctornk and doctorve when you can smoke and fly?
It's trivia tonight at who's coming out to play!!
RT Tuesdays at Howl at the Moon.
1 beer, 1 dogs, 1 burgers.
Show starts at 7:45!
Sure thing!
Great piece!
your the only reason I look cute at school 3 thank you mea
Everyone knows who i dont like  ive made it clear to them both so im cooozie!.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: McGrawHill, Nokia, Apple, Google and Microsoft
Today I bought a sixfoottall giraffe.
Life is good.
RT : Looks like Demi Lovato is going to be the 4th judge on  this should be interesting.
Story developing...
Today, everything is suspect.
Everything with a  is highly suspect.
And I'm watching jersey shore to feel better about myself.
Happy convocation day to all our incredible faculty, administrators and staff!
Here's to a great new academic year!
Goodnight Twitter:
My old dog has some new tricks
seems like that video isn't liked by many people.
But then again some people thinkbits funny.
Hahahaha I found it funny though.
Help me get 10 more followers?
RETWEET!
What will Mansfield do at KSU?
O.o tis seems as though thee is reading mine's cranial capacity..uhmwut?
hahahaha why did i go all 1800's?
Thanks bro...I waish more men would doctorp the pride factor and get they're prostate checked..it saved my life
But I'm not done having fun w/ Super Meat Boy yet.
I can play that thing forever.
Glad she let her go!!
She ain't worried about nobody but a guy all the time anyways.
Glad I didn't tell her what I knew about him...lol!!
I definitly keep my business to myself, sorry friends weren't real friends
if you knit every time Luke whines, you'll be done in no time.
i care.
and am impressed.
While phones are getting thinner and smarter, People are getting dumber and fatter.
Tatt's  piercings SEXINESS...
Yumm 3 Major turn on!
...
Guy or girl, don't matter lol
I got the hint after 15 tweets.
Nothing is in vain.
if u went to the Young Cracka music video shoot for BITCH IM IN THE BUILDING...MAKE SURE TO BRING UR STELLAR RAGS WITH YOU!!!!
Had an absolute blast at trivia, even though it reminded me how much I don't know
Thanks buddy, appreciate it.
I'll let you know when we head down to ATL for some screenings.
We should hang, it's been too long!
You Better Belieb It!
what's up hun?
Yeah, buddy!
Great Friday night :RT: With at DC9, living like it's 2006!
Attn Historical Fiction lovers!
RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of GROSVENOR SQUARE!
RIP Whitney Houston.
Whats up and ?
What's the scene like in the Shark Tank?
yea...
But not for too much longer
To all the people that think i ignored them..
i just got a new phone so now you can txt me
hey you, yeah you I think your pretty :
I need an agent too!
RT : Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Aristotle
I kno rite I miss u, how everthing goin?
i went from 177 2 189 u guys are so amazing i love u all EVERYBODY
you get to watch goonies at work?
my doctoram job lol
Sell, Sell,Sell
Get over your ignorant cocky self.
Thai lunch with Meris.
i doctornk waay to much orange soda last night
Really want to follow for their info  updates, but mixing that w/repetitive marketing msgs is wearing me down.
I was thinking abt going 2 Balto Fashion Week, but am afraid I'll b disappointed.
Walmart as your main sponsor, won't b same league as
4 hours of sleep.
6 guys in my tiny house.
No kitchenno coffee.
doctorwall hanging day is STRESSFUL.
My stomach and head hurt so bad :
Seeing ppl yesterday leaving prom and pictures on fb today is making me feel old 
hahaha did you watch those videos I sent you?
He a fool
I met you at albivis today thankyouu for singing happy birthday to mee!!!
...
my guess is that Ann B had no knowledge, that it came fm Donovan site.
Weird.
Seems truth tellers get rocks thrown
cringe worthy?
It was so nice when I saw the follow!I love your workhave read every book!
Suggest to clients all the time!
Happy to connect
TYSM!
Kari, I am sending a picture over now to you Facebook page.
Call me if you have questions.
So excited!
would love to see harrington's fitness.
has he played a lot of reserve minutes
20 years ago in library school, my cataloging professorsaid I would flunk out.
but I passed.
after we'd negotiated a price.
Elk Bratwurst today!
Brownies, Brownies, Brownies w Walnuts of course
Not many people get to captainre an image of their own idea lightbulb.
Treasure this moment, always.
Hey folks, let ryanKennedy know your state.
Hopefully he can hear from all.
Get Well Soon from Washington
Can't believe I was on Better Sex Radio show www.WSRadio.com/BetterSexRadio.
I forgot to mention purchasing clothing from BlissConnection.
Did you know...the portable beer cooler was invented in Australia in the 1950s?
I know exactly how you feel but I just feel so weird.
I havent cared so much about any class since my mine!
lol
aw, thanks!
C's win series in 7 with close game tonight and oh, Rondo has triple double tonight.
Thanks to Copeland's for sponsoring Open Arms Lunch today at Scottish Rite and Egleston.
It was delicious!!
the question is would sarah accept???
Feel the pump!!
Wow that sounded sexual.
People with limp, dead fish handshakes get no love over here.
I've been great, how's life treating ya
: passed stadium bill last night just 100M short salary cap is 120M, just put a 20M product on field and they're golden.
Premiere roots site dubbed me The Mississippi Hippie.
Glad there's no kneelingsword ceremony.
Those folks don't like hippies.
I saw the flour mill and loved that feature.
So unique.
I don't usually get excited over an antique.
QoTD: I hated every minute of training, but I said 'Don't quit.
Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'  Muhamma ...
Thx 4 suggestions.
We offer the least expensive WiFi in our guestrooms in the city  coffeepots r per request Starbucks in lobby!
RT : TeamTalk  Never Discuss ....The Unnecessary With Me.
LoL me too
Josh Hamilton just hit his 3rd homerun of the night!
Turns out that trip to Palomino last night was a terrible idea...
going to need a few extra cups this morning at BV
I'm so blessed that i have great friends and family
The gym is overpopulated with creepers!
omfg saveme lol
Im DONE Wit Relationships FUCK Emmm !!!
Big, strong men are helping move furniture for me at the office today!
I owe you  !
xx
SomeoneIWantToMeet , heck yeah!
I'd love to take him roller skating one Friday night.
:
sitting at an open house today.
I am ready to leave and start with a nice doctornk for the evening.
I never fail.
I succeed at finding what doesn't work.
Christopher Titus
pick me pick me!
lol
RT : I like my music loud.
Period.
Looking forward to April and the upcoming NFL doctorft, and wondering who the Seahawks have their eyes on.
Fuck you doe
Have fun!
RT Rex Ryan addoctorsses media: Tebow in outstanding shape.
Ditto, Sanchez.
Josh Brown will be excellent comp for Folk.
Found out last night that I'm missing most of if not all country concerts this summer :
Thank you so much for the mention!
I appreciate it!
When he cums to me I am ready, I'll wash his pubic hair if he needs, forgive him when his tongue lies through my pussy.
My husband is irritating me.
Playing uno...
i
Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss.
Nothing is as rich.
Nothing is more real.
Exactly!
I have eaten all the evidence...LOL!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Mother Teresa
It's safe to say that Google is over right?
I can delete that app from my phone.
spring cleaning
What happened to he hasn't tweeted in a while:
Hey, are you going to see Reggie Watts tonight?
Haha.
They're both awful.
myweakness brown hair, blue eyes!
Repubs.
talk morality uppers But see nannies as a crutch.
Yet, They all have them.
Whitney.
It so good!!
Catching up on ABDC and am definitely becoming a fan of Most Wanted..
This crew is ridiculous!
Tired of peoples BULLSHIT!!!
will look forward to it!
Just like a Pats safety, perfect.
MT : Don doctorper would make a doctoradful free safety.
Terrible instincts/poor closing speed..
I love 3 but he will never see this...or follow me....
blues stunned.
If Her Kicks Light Up..SHES TO YOUNG FOT YOU BRO..!
c:
Check out pic from the fashion show on our Facebook page!
So what are peoples predictions on the Germany vs.
Japan Women's World Cup match?
RT : Berkshire Hathaway 2012 annual meeting key themes: Mortality, morality and money.
Happy Birthday!
I'm glad you liked our card!
Dance for four hours, then shopping with brii then rent show !!!
yeah I got something in the works.
I'll let you know as it develops.
Atmosphere with the crew tonight!!!
I'm sure my cart full of koolaid jammers and dog food spelled out thief.
you have a lot on your plate and it sounds much more important than anything on tv!
good luck!!
Attending preconference webinar, Integrating EBooks and EReaders into Your Library, offered by with Sue Polanka.
np New Day by Jay Z  Kanye
no lie, i shipped a killing joke record to a guy that lives on pagan circle today.
has Petey Alvarez come back to earth?
My published comments on Twin Cities air quality recently sparked this email from a fan: Your a FRAUD  Government LEACH!
It's not ment to be like this it's not what I planned at all I don't want to feel like this So that makes it all...your fault
WTFWasYouThinking MTV I thought it was music television what are doing give reality tv at 5 in the morning.....
If I was Jets I would not do a press conference to introduce the backup QB.
It shows me that they are interested in the circus.
like sheep to the slaughter  Was this just as cliche back in the day?
A dirty swamp cooler system can pose a health hazard.
Legionella bacteria can grow under layers of slime and scale.
where's ur next appearance, boys?!
Living on a golf course can be annoying.
Thankfully I have a dog that loves to bark and annoy right back.
Good morning cbus!
Sorry I missed you yesterday.
Follow for the lastest new restaurants/happyhours in DC !
OH LOL I AINT NOBODY JST A N THE WAY HOOD PHILLY NICCA I AINT NOBODY
CIS Downtown welcomes Okazaki family and friends for their wedding this coming weekend.
and my headphones just broke :/ I suppose it was time, they were 10 years old.
FF Great photographer!
Quit or Limit smoking.
Not just good for your health but for your pocket, too.
Thanks for the twitter love!
Hope to see you at the event.
and are presenting Beyond the Storm a film focusing on the post Katrina women of New Orleans!
so glad to be home .
.
.
couldnt find a sweeter place.
I want to shop so bad!
I hate being poor!
Watchin FashionStar is like being on a diet and watching man vs food
Curious George looks really pissed off in this new Planet Of The Apes remake
so true...
submit your short stories for Been There Done That www.mahoganyproductions.com
Hahaha, that seems very clever to me.
Hmm.
That wasn't lost on me.
It's also a WCQ.
It counts.
Fans need to represent.
RT : ...it's Antigua....
Agreed!!
: The unconferences at gcuc are awesome.
Great exchanges wexperienced coworking owners  managers.
Learn and Share
wow Ellis plays soccer...
no Nodding off...watch  enjoy the practice..LOL!
thanks Q!
JphiJ for life!
I've tried to call you like 15 times!!!
mad shout out to i like girls that are hot and speak their mind
I don't know what else Ira Glass can do to make me love him more, then he does it.
What a Qt pie.
wow  you know it is recital time when my lunchtime errands include buying hairspray, gel, hair nets and flesh colored duct tape.
stop tweeting abiut this stuff , you dont have to lie.
Lmfaoo we know you get no girls
the timing has been tough for me lately.
10 AM is proving to be a busy time.
hm....
Ive finally told Shaq who his daddy is !
ITS QUAY!
lol
Can't tell which is the swear word here RT : Dammit Plouffe.
why are you the worst friend ever?
as long as no one touches my Kyu bb I'm good
missyoumore kinda spur of the moment...Went down till late Sat night  came back yest.
Don't u have finals??
If you have to ask me if we're friends, chances are we're not.
haven't tried the gumbo yet but will definitely sample it next round.
Thanks.
Adam
A spider just tried to get all up in my buisness with Spider, you fucked with the wrong creep!
Experience will be key.
We got that ; GoSpursGo TimDuncan Timmmeeyyyy!
Nite everyone!
:
Today was amazing!
Got doctornched!
and had an awesome time!
I wish everyday could be like today!
My cats woke me up so early!
.
u have my prayers and condolences ....
My 2nd movie The Dictator comes out tomorrow.
I had so much fun working on it.
I hope y'all like it.
It's gonna be hilarious!!!
You've got a lot of choices.
If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice.
can ppl stop talking to me at work this morning
If this website redesign project kills me, I will leave sharky shark to in my will.
and early dismissal tomorrow:!!!
Holler!
Thanks for the follow , definitely one of my favorite new joints in town!
Hydoctorulics or air ride.
That is the big question
For like 6years thnks for listening
So glad that the refs didn't reward Wade on that bullshit flop.
I'm reminded of the Rio Vista Bass Festible.
Thanks for saying that perfectly RT :Talking to one person who hates Girls is enough to make you love the show unconditionally
Love watching the Bachelor.
Yeah, I'm a guy and I don't care.Something about the competitiveness of it all.
it's only during the week.
But we can still go during the weekend
That's awesome.Do you still talk with the rest of the wives?
gets her sword let them comment like that again.
Someone buy a shaver damn make sure you check out the dancing robots in south hall
Deer gawd am I lonely.
I need cats.
And/or food.
Ok both.
We're kind of biased.
: Thanks for the mention.
Would love to hear the feedback.
Thanks my g, Sup wit them shows in ya town?...im tryna get out there lets work...Ill plug u out here in salem its nothin
.
is new here, but was vital for my move to policy work.
FF if you have a grad degree  any nonacademic career interests.
Offerin someone food and secretly hoping dey don't wat it...
i want some Mexican food.
dklgjhlfk.
Lets go
Lmao!!
Well I'm sorry you feel that way.
Mistake to schedule a meeting at on the first night of Seattle Beer Week?
TBD...
can we cancel Friday afternoon finals?
This is torture....
Commencement rule 1: keep smiling during the procession because I'm making cameos in MANY graduates' photos
RT : Pls stop buying paparazzi pics of my child...
Pls allow him the normal childhood he deserves.
im just chillin
yes, we did!
Happy Saturday all...make it count...or make a funny story of it at least.
idk I'd get jumped
Ohh 4.05 for gas in Northern IL today.
I want a Christmas sweater, and wear that shit everyday this summer.
how Come Mclane has a better seat :
Jobs, jobs, jobs, we have jobs!!!
www.trgcs.com/joins.html
We also offer AFFORDABLE OVERSIZE FILM OUTPUT!!
watch these devils they dirty..
show no mercy ya family be cutthroat too...
RT : Leaders from across Tampa Bay SPCollege for Advisory Board Meeting to review Regional Business Plan.
How cute my boi's birthday is tomorrow, actually 2half hours.
Love ya!
Munchkin Minders is looking for some love  please like us on Facebook!
XO, The Minders
RT Day 1 of diet and exercise begins today!
good luck today 3
Hey , thanks for the RTs!
'Preciate it.
so glad, my Pandora app knows me so well.
I have sent you an email with some demands.
Hi kelsey..
I love you ..m MMUUAAHH
people arguing with you reminds me of how you nailed Casey Anthony's verdict 5 months before it was read.
Ant knows his shit.
I'm outa here bitches
At sanctuate!
there's no need to undoctorss or get greasy from massage oils; no need to ruin hair and makeup  just recharge and go!
bah, still haven't booked a place to stay in Windsor next Thursday.
got a default/fallback of Detroit, thankfully
Sweet new credits this week.
Plus Desmond!
Agreed!
: Does solitude or collaboration fuel your creativity more?creative people need both.
Your work can have a one hour delay??
Richmond is a funny place...
we are hosting Peter Hatch's book signing Monticello on Monday.
Should be fun, over 200 ppl coming
RonPaul warned you about wars, warned you about spending, warned you about the Fed.
Now he's warning you about the party,GOP.
Listen.
Dunno yet.
We'll keep you posted.
I thought only men thought of her lady parts as extremely edible.
Cant wait to be inside the American Airlines Arena Tonight.
Its going to be Electric .
Game 2,
The life of a man consists not in seeing visions  in doctoraming doctorams, but in active charity  in willing service.
cc.
TY :
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Alice Walker
bringabout a greater good by doing terrible things The author of that piece is pretty damn sick.
For those that think Chemtrails are no big deal...
why are there so many this week in Chicago?
When the weather is nice?
Exams tomorrow I just wanna be done with you.
You want to time?
I'm terrible at keeping time.
XD And...
Uh, maybe a 15 to warm up?
thats hot.
You should share some pics ;
delete/redownload or maybe there's an update?
Plain salt n peppa  push it and dis white folks feelin this shit
Everything is always in the present.
We project our present into the future and the past.
try Flaghouse.com Chewy Tubes  Individual Set W39470.
They have Chew devices.
Good Luck
Good luck!
We're starting the redesign, but aren't at wireframes yet.
I think you're cool, goof and all :RT : You don't think so?
Really?
My mission in life is failed.
:
just don't kick this one until I see it first.
I prefer my puppies alive
ya no kidding.
it is a mystery to us all!
i was sleeping so i wouldn't have cared haha
A chemist says popped corn contains a beneficial chemical, so now popcorn is a superfood?
probably a slip of the tongue but you just can't say that..maybe the teleprompter was broken
My first tennis lessons.
Thursday burnt ends  bring your friends  buy a pound of pork ribs get a 1/2 pound free
trust me i know im your whole life.
you dont even know it yet.
thats how awesome we are.
Nice Wave Wednesday!
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
Forwardlooking.
Probably much more interesting to him than my own backwardlooking question, actually.
:
on HALLOWEEN im going to play your song CALLINGALLTHEMONSTERS im going to be you on halloween!RT PLZ
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
note to self: make a romantic movie where half the cast is transsexual.
Let the audience play who's the man/woman
if you can't do it in jeans and a tshirt you should probably have the lights turned off.
Where does one learn to operate a Zamboni??
Cool idea for an exhibit!
This Tuckahoe and red hot utz 
LBs Marcus Dowtin and Eddie Jones were working off to side during early part of team doctorlls.
hello bradley X
counting down the days till Spring Break...
33 days till Cancun, Mexico!
Conflict of Interest!
Need 2 tawk 2 someone who knowz me insideout 2 help narrow thingz down.
Settling 4 Best of The Best
I Fn hate it when I don't get a straw for my sweet tea at McDonalds.
makes me so mad
um LOVED it!!!!
Kinda jealous I didn't get to be a part ; ur amazing!
Whoa!
London?
Nice work, dude.
RT Very impressed with how well Ron's outside game has improved.
Thx!
So far, so good.
My little sis just said 'remember when I had swine flu  in order to talk to you, you made me put my nose like a pig  sing the piggy song'
That money you see me with thats mine, clean whip that's mine, fresh kicks them mine, yo chick i'll borrow her you can have her wen im done
Yes that is!!
The Native Americans believed that God has a plan for north, south, east and west, and the very center not only of the earth but of us.
Also we'll be putting out a casting call very soon.
Still locking down the details on the location.
I am in love with true culinary danger.
Starbucks Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate.
How many cholestrol inducing calories can there be a cup?
Wow!
Inner city students win polo title
Almost in memphis YAY
and then give RVP a rest
Oh no!
So very sad!!
: this chair is the perfect chair for people that hate sitting I think he's in the conference room.
Twitter Tuesday!
Free 4pk of 1oz.
portion cup No Nuts Golden Peabutter with your purchase today!
Write Peabutter in the comments section!
Thanks for the tweet and blog post!
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
Definitely.
I should shoot you both together.
follow me back?
Secret ingredient in the Balsan playlist:
My impulse is to say the Mutable part is a modifier and should go first, though what is the class hierarchy?
Any nonMutable?
: lets find another gig guys, like seriously....Lemme know.
This sucks!
If I Die Tomorrow cremate me and spread my ashes in the Trevi Fountain in Italy!
Then get gelato ice cream Njoy!
:
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
yeah tried the editing part and it wouldn't work.
I ended up printing and scanning.
But couldn't scan as a PDF.
Did a .PNG :/
RT If your Christmas sweater can't be seen by orbiting weather satellites, you're not trying hard enough.
Kim Jong Il is dead??
WTF.
hot and stuffy as usual...
EXPERIENCED Retail professorssional...Looking for District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
YOU LOOK LIKE A BABE!
and i love your hair : im jealous.
InCaseYouDidntKnow Your slow ass texting ...got me lookin for somebody else to talk too
We're looking forward to seeing everyone!
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I still have it.
Let's try and meet up man
you're a wonderful pinball player.
uh uh dont come crying to me boo
I'm my way to a Beach Party.
PEACE!!!
man i SWEAR !
I should do some writing but am going to watch tv with my wife instead.
how's you're food mine is great
I severly sprained my ankle once.
gave me a little less than three weeks of hell before I sucked it up and just dealt with it.
SO to on the luv SnapBacksNAllDat !
Follow her Instagram
don't worry this kinda love is unconditional ; cc ,
H to the izzO, V to the izzA
Omg, 4 hours  30 minutes in this class 
This Blows I am stuck at home on Halloween.....my favorite holiday.
Yes, Halloween is a holiday
Would love a definition of Early 2012 for release of Touch Apps for iOSgrumble, grumble!
Happy, happy birthday !
.
Help us spread the word about a VAGOP majority in the Senate.
We can make it happen with your vote
Excited to be back worshipping with !!
We saw about 5 flakes fall up here in VanWa.
uneventful RT : snOMG  YAY!
Snow in Sw Portland.
my point exactly lol
JKidd, we all thank you tonight.
guess we're not gonna be there...
Just seeing a picture of you, hearing your name...
and instantly feeling that hurt in my heart.
Will it ever go away.
Nicks/Manning doctornk Your Milkshake.
Sluuuurrrrrppppp!
And yes, there will be Blood...
not quite yet, but i like where your head's at RT : Finally a clutch hit for posey!
Game tied :
I have never been so stressed out in my entire life and I simply cannot do this anymore.
Does any one know any digital humanities peeps who are based in Taiwan?
I heard that there was a THATCamp in Taipei a few years ago.
Whoever comes through Miami holla  me!!
O, DVRAlert.
is on Letterman tonight.
Charming.
Its on!!
Omg I LOVE
I will always be at the ready with a hammer and some serious rap music when the office equipment is naughty!
Someone Please Tell That She's GORGEOUS Just The Way She Is!
3
Commissission breaks for lunch, will resume at 1pm.
Trying to hook up my account with my account.
If only Etsy included the shop url in listings.
WUWT?
dad liked beer too.
And talking about social media with Haihua Li!
Fun!
Healing with whole foods, great read recommended by
lol no i barely had any followers :p
Re death If still he be, and he be There, and there be a There, let him be happy, O Fate!
I like that name.
Idk, it's different.
hey.
Do you wanna be my friend?
I have texted you!
Insect bite remedies not effective
None laying down, I'm sick ..
Wbu?
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR SOUL: Love as if you have never been hurt before!
The journey is so much more fun that way!
: xo, Kerry
Why should I follow you on Twitter AND Facebook if you post the same to both?
Different mediums, different content, no?
friendzone?
Well we know who isn't getting a puppy, ice cream or dinner now :
hey it's GO time!
RT : Tori Spelling is pregnant with her FOURTH child just FIVE months after giving birth.
X Games has found a cool way to activate with Jeep and Navy through X shaped LED boards.
Great value.
We are having a wine sale...
Never give up!
: I nearly died when he followed me.
Haha
prior was on Badger St that is.
Over by St Mary hospital
Just did another radio interview.
Two today.
Wow, this is getting serious...Seriously AWESOME!!!!!!
No, Twitter, I don't want to follow Subway freshbuzz.
Really?
This is some real bullsht, so they pick  choose who 2 feel sorry 4, SMDH!
But they continue 2 hate on Kenya  WOW!
Go Kings!!!
Thanks!
We were really looking for some solid Irish representation!
Looking forward to meeting you  hearing about your biz!
.
Haha, thought what you were going to say again was you didn't like suspenders.
Like, I got it.
Thunder or the windows rattling
Where is my boyfriend when I need him
A lady asked to take my photo in the lobby.
Of course Vine said Yes!
:
g2g sorry bye hugs and kisses
Bookcase packed and disassembled!
Are you all finally coming to America!??
I really want to shoot all the annoying freshman in my Spanish class...
goblue gotigers you need to give a Damn bout the whole state of Michigan
I ain't a killer but don't push me
If I ever need a lawyer, can I call you?
I saw a piece if shit on the ground, it reminded me of you.
Julie Perretta, please accept our infinite gratitude!
3
Another boring playoff game so far unless you're a heat homer.
Getting my vision stats up
Shout out to amazing work!!
Keep it up!
I definitely will be buying a shirt from them soon!
You should too.
Ask me any questions, anytime FREE send me a DM.
look in the mirror and repeat that to urself someday u might actually believe it LMAO
Yes, but it is also made out of Peeps.
And, yes.
I use Zotero.
Saves my bacon!
New clubs added to Scottsdale  PHX inventory today.R11,RAZRhawk and diablo octane doctorvers.
RAZRX tour irons.
Food Trucks are at Poes Rentals Tonight.
9600 South Dixie Hwy Kendal/Pinecrest.
CHECK IT OUT!!!!
nice meeting you!
nothing we just chilled
Which oil did you go with?
Pchner recommends linseed, but Chip warns against it.
sorry no respect for Lakers after what WMP did to Harden,  whats with ripping jerseys off when they get spanked
Half an hour going deeper on the notion of close up
68 of Heat fans should not be making even the most rudimentary decisions for themselves.
She's almost here
A little work and you'd have yourself a haiku.
Hope that you don't get them at all!
I heard it gets worse when you're older.

mythBUSTER: YOLO !?
Actually, you don't live once.
How you live NOW will determine where you will live in eternity!!
Tell Ur Mom I Said Happy MDay
is wix down????
HA!
RT Please get your butt off your brothers head.
things I just said that I never thought id say.
where you watching the game tonight?
Is there a game watch somewhere in WI?
I'm waiting to hear back from the Alumni club
Im the shit and I need toilet paper :
Sometimes when friends and family hurt u, u make da most irrational decision ever dat ends up with u more hurt then ever before
yeah did you guys know me and ed have an insider.
Me too!
RT Excited to meet my fellow VIP bloggers tmister some old friends, many new.
Watching toddlersandtiaras....
I'd never thought I'd get to say this....
It's actually really addicting!
oh...i have no idea then..umm
Again for the record, ur namecalling and not me.
It amazes me how a person like you can write for a website...
Just shattered my phone screen for the second time....
We are always accepting book donations.
You can call us at 2754040 if you have books to donate, and we can tell you about doctorpoff sites.
Man i love fridays!
Especially when tht certain friday just so happens to be a half day!
Happy Daylight Saving Time!
Where did ny hour of sleep go?
Huguely verdict has been reached!
Announcement to come in just a minute
I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
Pretty sure if Michigan loses to Ohio that would fall under the category of Ultimate Karma.
Oh my god that was a stupid play...
Here till 5am so 4 hours to go.
Could use some good conversation
Apparently it's unacceptable to wear a What Would Oprah Do Shirt?
in Dunkin Donuts on a Church day.
Take some pictures w your camera phone and send those to backers as rewards.
Maybe postcards and barfbags for higher levels.
Meeting with a local film archivisttype today.
...is tuning in to the webinar Connecting with Struggling Readers: Resources, Tips, and Advice to Engage and Inspire
We're buying agriculture stocks today, MOS, POT, and CF Industries.
Stock, Calls, and bullish call spreads.
Great opportunity.
Im walking on sunshine!
:
Listening to the diners around me speak Chinese.
Does it make me antisocial that I enjoy not understanding a word?
Spice up your Mondays with 3 ceviche  3 spicy margaritas.
you're welcome!
Yes, it's from Thanks so much for your and 's hospitality and amazing tamales!
Introducing my Entrepreneur Consultant Company at the start of the year.
The Corban Consultant Company
I STILL havent seen the new Marblehornets video!!!
asdfghjk1234rfc
Must be the best Etank fillers ever today on the road!
Bring energy  enthusiasm for each other!
In the depth of the hierarchy of the world, I am closer to peasant rice farmers than Gen.
Keith Alexander, Eric Schmidt or Lloyd Blankfein.
Work was slow with no excitement today bo!
have u heard anything from admissions yet?
thats when you know if they love you
RT:  PRESERVATION  No COVER B4 10:30pm  House Techno All night!
W.A.R.M.T.H.
Detroit Represent Seattle  SUPORT LOCAL
i love staying up late.
talk to no one.
just think about things and life, and future.
I hate commercials that use Christmas jingles.
Made my friends listen to one direction, carly rae, and then introduced them to a day to remember.
They hate me.
My nuts hang like aint no curfew....
Bitch and if u wave then I will surf you
post your listings with us for more exposure
As we are starting up we are always interested in getting feedback about our site.
We want to reward you for your input :
Thanks for the retweet!
When Publish Site is next to Publish Item, please provide an Are you sure?
dialog for me.
Whats the hold up in traffic?
Choke on Bethel St!!!
Looking forward to strictlybusiness seminar tonight at
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman?Have an ice day!
Library GRIND BOLD is French Roast
I want two tattoos  three piercings when I turn 18.
There it is!!
hahaha well I refuse to listen to your command!
Itz a ghost town in dis bh!
Talking about the theological implications of how churches use new media
when is it going to be over
Thanks for the FF!
FBCD...
Bottom play with amazing upside potential!!!
One ass hole holding this back.
Slap the ask and he's out then were off to da moon!!!
he looks like an uptight dad from a John Hughes movie
Getting texts from the people you want to talk to you  :
Yes.
That is wrong.
HA!
don'tjinxme
Temper tantrums are getting more costly.
My toddler threw our iPad today.
Growing up I remember a good door slam usually did the trick.
There's nothin' wrong with OCD as long as it's for me.
Bleached my hair!3
yupp lol, so what you like cheese on?
besides your head of course...
RT : Tell us your story in 140 characters or less!
Impossible?
No way!
It's the StoryCorps Challenge!
Finals at then brought 68 graders from an afterschool class I teach in Mpls back to for a tour!
FUN!
is it April?!
oh...its april :
Heh, the lead told them to get to the chopper.
Schwarzeneggar he is not.
Power restored.
Hope it stays that way.
Nobody replys too me when I need them .
I have no friends .
Im so fucking pathetic .
Two lovely sisters going to prom tonight..so pretty!
guy w/ 1.3 has 1.4 too...
Doubt he would.
So you think Luck?
I think Martins numbers will be comprable to TRich.
That is the best news I've heard all day.
Carry on, then!
evil evil lady
So...
Who wants to let me borrow their BRip dog park pass?
: Center is closed and Piper is devastated.
...there is a thing I don't understand I have learned it is called talk but I have not learned to say the word
someone do my taxes!
there is no reward.
just my company more like me staring at you as you enter numbers.
Sound like fun?
hit me up!
:
Yes!
Lucky me, just when I asked you.
Haha.
Great meeting with re: and innovation within Enterprise.
Waiting for someone to txt back is just so much fun
I don't know.
But said at her author talk that there will be a red theme in each cover.
I just defeated all of you wanna be's.
Lisa, how are you?
NEED HELP!
Anyone know of any articles in managing AEs and clients from a Creative Director's POV?
new job3
We have 4 followers.
MOST FAMOUS PEOPLE ON TWITTA RIGHT HEEEEYYYAAAAAAA
RT : doctorfted the ultimate college fantasy football team.
Good luck fighting for 2nd
Tmister nite 10/5 the Echo Beach jazz quartet at Cato's Ale House, Oaktown.
Minus me: Charlie Gurke on sax will sit in.
www.misterato.com
Love the atmosphere in Oklahoma City.
It looks like a playoff game.
What a way down then way up day!
no doubt
About to get to school
really cold here in chicago today.
someone told me who was from the east cost that its not just cold in chicago it's brutally cold.
right!
I don't like to be annoyed but I like annoying ppl....
To a certain extent.
So, I accidentally said I love you to the guy who took my dinner reservation.
It's gonna be super awkward when I kiss him later.
We did it!
We did it!
Wettest March ever in Oregon history..
more than 7.52 inches!
Thanks for nothing Ma Nature!
great interview with today!
hurry up n get yo ass home we got vacation planning to do
Something that annoys me: websites that have mouseover effects that must happen on touch devices.
I do NOT want to tap twice!
Niki played the part of GaGa this year...
you can't go backward, you must go forward to go back  Willie Wonka
Waitin on this food hungry af.
Yes, and I are listening to Dokken, doctornking port about to go bad, and writing.
Happy Easter!
Wishing all who celebrate the chance to enjoy this day with friends and family.
that'd be sweet..let me know when..
Ill make sure im off so we can parrrtty
Tip 183: Try an online session without a HUD.
Our brains are very powerful.
You will grow  recognize spots that your HUD does not show.
Anthony's 0:
Off to teach doctoral class on leadership and collaboration.
What qualities do you see in the best collaborators?
Startup Breakfast is back at Langermann's, Workshop is at the ETC.
Just saw Matt Gerbig in a Dodge Charger commercial, creeping on ladies.
Exciting news for the MAM5ive group as we just landed the Starr Group as our new client.
MAM5ive will be branding a new campaign for their 
its a joke!
theyre ridiculous
24 million in bribes hushed up.
And internal investigation handed to a perpetrator.
Wow, indeed.
RT : DailyQuote There is no beauty that is attractive without zest.
Christian Dior
That awkward moment when your trying to pee and your cat is staring at you...
.
thank you!
Long day moving, hangin with mom!
boys in my school are such assholes
Just think if magic happens, gets all the credit.
If not he'll be in same spot next yr regardless
Good Morning Beauties!
I hope everyone is well rested and striving for perfection although we know we can't be perfect.
We can't get games to run on OSX and Linux, but they wrote a virus to infect alien ships in Independence Day.
FUCKING PUMPED to see kill it tonight during their sold out/last show on Fire  Ice 3
Everyone brings something special to the workplace, don't discount someone else's value simply because their talents differ from yours
Hey Rob, feel free to email me at and I can discuss with you on investment opportunities.
Thanks!
Chicago Public Schools are closed tomorrow due to weather  first time since January of 1999.
I blame Rahm Emanuel.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
In bed.
Listening to songs
Looking at Google Analytics data is kind of intoxicating.
RT : Every dog has its day...
I think Olin Kreutz just misses Chicago
I get at least 5 phone calls a day off three, I don't even know what they want but i refuse to answer..
Breaking: on my way to plane crash at dane county regional airport
good and u?
THATS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT.
DO YOUR TING GIRL.
And is now awake
gotcha.
Thanks.

thank you for the mention k Kevin Cheng
There something about Vampiers that turn me on lol Thank you Johny Depp  RPatz;
I have to go through this horror story again.
I threw the ring away, I'm going to get it out of me early this time.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Have you and your dog gone outside or are you melting from the heat already?
:
OHMYGOSHH, can June just come already so i can be out of school ?
i'm sick of being there !
d: hurryupalready !
Red beans simmering...about to kick back, watch THE Boston Celtics and do some long tones on the trumpet.
happy birthday!
22
Watching Band of Brothers for the first time.
Weird how I needed that to cheer me up after We Need to Talk About Kevin.
TGIF the Farm..come by and pick up our strain of the day, or one of our many other specials!
Check it out
I watched the first 2 episodes last night.
I need to discuss this show with you at some point.
Bonfire optional, booze not.
no horror stories.
Thanks for posting about my film!
also, Connie Francis..
Still don't understand why people Jwalk, like that ass won't get hit!!!
It has been about 100 degrees for 3 days in a row at
yes it is.
Very!
Knute Rockne called it the forward pass.
Raise the Jolly Roger!!
BOO!
Have a great weekend!
Happy 2012!
Lotsa love to the family!
What a beautiful day to be off from work!
Spent the AM packing  organizing.
This moving to Chicago thing is getting serious!
Y'all have a good day...
ItsCrazyHow I haven't been home in like a week...
hahahaah.
Goin to where its always sunny tonight, Philly tonight
