One of DM team's top three objectives are to get uptake by nonmedievalists.
Nothing particularly medieval about this tool.
Who are you?
Looking through my book collection I found OneFlewOverTheCuckoo'sNest.
Time to dust it off  remind myself why I love it so much.
A pair of Tickets up for grabs!
RT this post with DealSaverSac for an entry into today's 4pm doctorwing!
story of my life
Oh no, bad for everybody!
So sorry!
Do you all have an actual diagnosis?
Wow he is missed!
RT : The function of the artist is to make people like life better than they have before.
Awake since 5:30 this morning.
All caught up on doctorw Something.
So I have that going for me today.
What does O stand for?
For students living in South Phoenix, South Mountain Community College will offer a great education with a short commute
RT : Cheer!
RT : On the way to doctorpalCamp Manila
Finally on the road to Nashville!
BUY ME FOOD PLEASE IM STARVING!!
jimmy johns will do, you know what i like and my addoctorss
not LA but most likely the Riverside,OC area.tHIS IS GOING TO BE TOUGH.
Will do.
Building my Xmenlike school of the Artistically Gifted...
Serious about the math part, though.
Math wasn't offered beyond what you need to plant corn/raise hogs.
gee thanks a lot angel if u were not my neice i might be hurt by that!!!
hard to believe i've been back in the Chi for 3 months, today.
I need speaking engagements to educate execs re: awareness  compliance to reach a market worth 8T that includes 3B on earth!
:
where is that exactly?
Adimu just gave me hug, I'm waiting for to come to Ozio's :
what u mean r u hacked I'm concussed
Lmao at all you sorry ass knick fans.
Pack yo bags and get the fuck outta Miami
Now playing w/ Brass Heaven Umi Says
they having anything in Chicago?
Starting off Thanksgiving with an early morning runmy favorite.
Hope your day turned out good for you!
:
im ready to see the great gatsby !!
My friends brother: I don't like 1D.
Screw them My friend: yeah I'm working on that truestory haha oh my goodness.
I love when say  BOOMBOOMPOW ON RGR W/
and are about to blow it up big at the El Rey tonight here in LA.
Stoked doesn't even begin to describe it!
No comment......lmao
I don't even know who you are anymore.
Has there been a sitcom about baristas yet?
Maybe it paralleled the rise of Starbucks.
Or maybe now is the right time w/ Intelli craze.
YOU don't want to miss out on this awesome chance to win a prize !
oh i love you
you live next to a golf course too?
I'm off the 17th hole.
We are already preparing ourselves  our booth for the Michigan MEA coming up next week.
Hope to see everyone there!
Not feelin this Thursday and I even woke up early and did p90x!
Wow Rosie is really dykish
lol same.
And my dad is bothering the heck out of me.
Reply to my vid lmbo.
But not as much as me RT RT : ExPatriot is a hero RT : Report: Cassel saves woman from burning home
still at the naca fair.
waiting for counselor session.
I don't mind rolling the dice with Gerhart this week over Pettigrew, should get more touches
Looking forward to the James Weldon Johnson Medal Awards ceremony tonight at the Carter Center.
Ha.
RT : It makes me nervous when my horoscope says something wonderful and unexpected will arrive today.
i guess im just not important enough
I have always regarded myself as the pillar of my life.
So, put in 11 1/2 hours of work today and for what?
No results, you gotta love the mind aspect of the Air Force...
131 days to go!!!
Keep thinking that!
RigSoHard RT : Our guys are fouling too much  Coach Vogel
Yea and ban teaching evolution too!
: Why not throw a constitutional ban on abortion into the debt ceiling hostage mix?
Hey SDSU did you know you can get an ice cold mix1 at any Aztec Market?
damn i gotta check twitter more often.
Thanks!!
I want to live like All Time Low 
I thought he was a robot.
Be cool, stay strong.
my glases are broke great i cant see anything
3 garbage bags later, got cleaning done, but still can't find what I'm looking for
Storm respond with a long touchdown from Wasil to Amarri Jackson.
Storm miss the extra point, still lead 4117.
Jan 31,2012: Milwaukee Panthers Men's Basketball vs.
Youngstown State Penguins Mens Basketball: 7:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
mixedmessage chocolate is good for you sugar is toxic
Grant Oliver September Promotions are just around the corner!
Keep an eye out for the Go Fast Pass and check out gofastpass.com
Ladies text me or message me if you want to hangout or go see a movie....
3046122469
I need massage
Gateway powers its way to firstround victory...WPIAL High School Baksetball
I am going to quote your advice on ditching low value work in an article on New Lawyer New Year's resolutions.
Happy Holidays!
i meant to tag you in my last tweet guurlfraan but i spelled it wrong:
dang almost a senior
So glad your new job turned out to be next door!
More dates to come!
I have more alcohol than food in my fridge.
snow, hail, rain, and 75 degree sunshine today.
Its only 2:15 pm.
Might as well just call it a day and go home
FavoriteClothingBrand Hugo Boss, Calvin Klein, Kenneth Cole Puma, Nike
songs, beats, hooks from Konvict/Cash Money artists, songwriters with major credits and of course the MultiPlatinum Producer!
Second Screening of Hands of God Sold Out.
I lovelovelove warm weather 
Ready for my show tomorrow  branded saloon in brooklyn tomorrow.
Hope y'all ready too.
hey.
You're beautiful
RT : Very good food !
I look forward to coming back and trying the rest of the Oktoberfest menu!
Ellis County To Explore Replacing Jail
how are you??3333333
In any event, if people smiled, good for them.
Thanks for the follow!
Have you been to Long Island?
Bud Light Platinum is the new
Your my hero Russ!
do they say the name a lot?
Soooooomoooo.
I'm digging it.
Why is it that we have Hanukkah on our calendars, but no Kwanza or Eid??
Yes I am.
Looking forward to it!
Tried restarting with the trackpad button held down?
Opened Terminal and typed 'doctortil eject'?
happy birthday love u for ever little bro
late night calls 3 
you aren't following enough things then.
You will find all of the news and gossip you could ever want on here.
hey.
I may need your services.
Give me a shout when you can so we can discuss
So...Gonna fight for pink slips?
and actually it was used in the 20s against Cy Williams originally..but I share your frustration
Can someone explain 4 straight hours of presenting without a break...
is it purposeful that we don't speak to each other?
I'll keep my 99 Civic for several more years.
Safe, efficient, reliable, yes; chick magnet, no.
And that's fine by me.
idol  Phillip made a risky choice that could pay off.
Smooth, cool vibe.
Very interesting.
Maggie's Vegan Bakery is open during Brite Winter fest.
OMG..this is so amazing!
Bands playin outside, fires blazin.
Well it certainly wasn't Al Sharpton who started lynch mobs!
So what's the right's problem!
Lynch O.J.
but not Zimmerman?
not for nothin' but it is what it is.
Actually left the Dave, Shelly  Chainsaw studio with my dignity intact this morning.
Thanks Emily!
Looking at the starting 11 for both sides, Man City is far superior on paper...
Gonna take a lot for Man U to get a point and retain title
Just saw someone wearing 2 collared shirts, the outer most collar being popped.
Looked pretty stupid, but it was a good effort
For obvious reasons I want True Grit to win!
What are you guys doing today to honor Martin Luther King Jr Day?
Marry me, Bilge.
that was my explanation for not visiting you.
omg I know hurt it's beyond uncomfortable I hate it there just plain Evil
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Tonights the night!
Come see celebrated artist Joel Shapiros New Installation at Rice Gallery, opening tonight at 5.
Shapiro speaks at 6.
Its clearly reached the point where your using the death/murder of Trayvon Martin to benefit your own agenda and career.
I hate that groggy feeling of waking up and going back to sleep.
I'm listening
so which ones do you buy?
What sound level?
Thank God.
Been praying for you.
Glad a huge weight has been lifted.
Hang in there.
We would also like to add anything covered in chocolate : RT : M, sounds good!
Talking about my forever : I choose you I can't shake you your in my future as far as I can see.
It's true love.
I miss you.
And tha captainin's Yacht has redocked.
My COBRA is 400/month.
Should I just be looking for my own health insurance?
What?!?!?!
Turtlenecks are making a comeback with the ladies?
Fantastic!
ask not what your paper company can do for you, but what you can do for your paper company
RT : Teri Carnicelli says to get on email lists and network to get your first job.
I wanna make you feel wanted
I said the same thing when Davis caught that ball.
It was a flashback.
TO is just a folklore in the NFL and Niners move on.
Pet allergies could be due to food allergies.
i kno yall c these tweets......
im not goin 2 sleep til i get responses
My brain won't let me sleep....
good day 
Thx for the follow Jonathan!
fuck!!!
We're blowing it!
Need a great deal on some used Electronics or Instruments?
Come into STUFF!
tht wuz aele fun day!!!
i still have the whole outfit!!
when you start a full blown cupcake fight at a confirmation party bahaha
This is stupid.
I'm done.
Goodnight.
No i wont lol
It's a Marlins sweep!!
I know was watching!
Best night ever :
Beat the summer heat and work out in the AC!
Treadmills, ellipticals and even the new Startrac Espinner!
funfact On May 24th, 1998, the greatest ever number of tap dancers gathered for a single routine at the Stuttgart City Square in Germany
many YT video commenters are lucky i am old and choose not to respond to many of the funky comments i get...woosah!!
Patriots fans, who do you think will come into Foxborough next week?
The Texans or Ravens?
Mane im tryna get out this crib but i cant stay off the toilet...its gone be a long day!!!
Every time I hear the name Goldman Sachs I cringe.
I ate chocolate ice cream for breakfast.
Biggest game of the season and I can't make it...
This sucks...
But
do u remember the place C?
Terriorists are not stupid, when they see that airports have all this security they will blow up something else, like a mall....
Watching the game and doctornking beer, wine, etc.????
Happy 420 !!!
What y'all gonna smoke today ?
I'm still working on Spring 2011 Cleaning.
Yes!
Go Chiefs!
RT : Ladies, are you looking forward to the upcoming NFL Season?
WAKE UP Houston, it's NOT ok for cops to repeatedly punch  kick someone.
Something WRONG w juries here!
Cop beating ChadHolley goes free!
We have a new server ready  vpngh3 OpenVPN server in Munich, Germany.
It's available in your customer area now.
Wahl in Search of Best Facial Hair in the Country
TAMALES!!!
Yum!
One of my fundoctoriser...hey I HAVE to sample them to make sure they are right ;
Oh, and I whip my stache back and forth ;p
Fact: over 500,000 high school seniors graduate every year...only 2 of them will play division 1,2 or 3.
you meant so hott right now
Me  my homeboys had this conversation yesterday while we were in party city; 
So does my mom!
Haha
tomorrow is a new day for both of us !
Let's do it big :
are u here at techraking?
Would be good to connect
Guy Kawasaki is wonderful!
Thanks to Keith Ferrazzi for reminding how Guy's Evangelist was so vital for the Mac community.
Great to say Hello to you on Saturday on the hike near the Hollywood sign.
:
RT : Everyone follow !
Their quotes are amazing!
Superbowl ads a solid C so far
Vote for on Teenchoiceawards.com!!!!
Wish u were here!
mister : Tracking CareerTL2012 for word of wisdom from the Career Thought Leaders conference in Baltimore
Love Peruvian Food!!
ThankYouBTR for everything.
Whether you know it or not, you help all of us in so many ways.
You've come so far and we're so proud.
We 3 u!
Shocked by how scared Nuggets look out there.
Ty Lawson took a huge step backwards today
BizTip: Make yourself available to your customers, try to answer feedback promptly and whenever possible with a personal touch
Watch Yer Mouth Open Mic TONIGHT!
All Ages FREE.
At Golfernoggins Sign ups at 8pm show starts at 8:30!
OMG seriously!
I don't know how I am going make it.
I also have a programming midterm!
Can you hear the panic thru my tweet?
Just saw the flaming lips in bricktown
ha ha.
You don't have to stop posting about it!
Excited to hear Lee Aase's presentation this morning about the evolution of SM in health care.
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm and is out for the season.
Hey Sweeties long time ayee:  Maricarmen
Sounds great!
Please do let me know.
ugh, my brother is such a bastard..
i want to fucking beat the shit out of him.
I.
Fucking.
Love.
You.
Dude, I thought you were going to be at the erecords workshop yesterday  today.
Not a single person yelled something awesome.
Does watching basketball while singing showtunes put me smack dab in the middle of the whole Kinsey thing?
thank u husband lol
I do hope they get a team though.
You gotta watch awesome documentary!
Was interviewed by a 5yearold today about what it was like to have a train go by the back of my house growing up.
Was very cool.
Y am i steady gettn this sick
No problem.
I'm using your 'Clouds of doom' as my desktop pic.
Great photo.
:
John legend kill this best you ever had record!!!
I look like a rainbow.
I agree
...
Ashee left me!
D': I told her if she left meh, she gets no more Ian!
Fuck u pay me.
Boys will be boys.
smiles and laughs Haha, yep :
aye call me tho
Three shows this week!
2nite  Red Carpet, 4/21  One Eyed Jacks, 4/22  Harrigans South!!
Hit up the FB page for more updates!
Yes we do!
Let's coordinate a day.
I'll text ya.
god , this dudes breath stinks !
looks like he jst ate an ASS for breakfast !
quote The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
Stephen Covey
FF Our fascinating tour guides
we just had a 23.5 hour doctorve from Laredo to Chicago and your records were the only thing that kept us from gnawing limbs off.
Need a 3 night, all inclusive vacay at Club Med Sandpiper bay?
What about a new Manduka mat?
You can win both!
Bwahahaha!
They look a hot ass mess after that fight...

if you want these kinda doctorams it's Californiacation.
Saying goodbye isnt the hard part, the hard part is that the memories just dont erase themselves.
Okay, let's try again week after next.
no problem!
follow back if you can.
that must have taken you all day haha; it's awesome though :
Yes.
I use premium themes from Elegant Themes.
lol.
My teams looking good in this moment!
so nice outside!
first run around the loop with the xc team and a hard gym workout
The Saints and Packers won't be leading the league in defense.
My nigga Ju is a fool tonight wild but he called out the play before we got up in here so salute
ok, I'm supposed to head up there with my boy, hopefully I'll get to see you :
Life is a lesson you learn it when your thru
RT : Don't forget to join us for our Fun Run this Sunday at 8am and Tuesday at 6pm!
Any news on the newarchivistsRT?
He will deliver highest ratings on election day and then hopefully you will give up Twitter!
but we miss you :
Why did I wake up so damn early today?!
probably would involve Kevin Martin and/or Scola
thanks for the shoutout!
no not at all
Don't forget to visit the Prize Center at our virtual summit on ebooks for info on how to win an iPad today at the show!
No offensive shooting flames present nor extinguishers needed or compromised in tonights knicks game!
they'regoinghome they'regoing home
At Gardensk8 ;D
Super excited for Community!
I need a vacation
what's that saying about when you keep doing the same thing and expecting different results?
I was wondering where you were.
RT : 1: I already know I'm going to Hell.
So, at this point it's go big or go home.
Yay first day at school was so good , sykeeeeee!
At Wendy's with my big bro's!
This is to funny 
Nothing says breakfast like this gin  tonic and annoying a grumpy
Exercise to enhance your quality of life, rather than to achieve an arbitrary goal.
good job 2 day
gurl, you got this!
stayclassy tell them you want 20 an hour ; ahahaha
there r so many people that look up to you : Im one of them!
U have gone a long way.
God had done amazing things in ur life!
Keep it up!
thought idk why you'd want to follow an asshole.
Especially after beans or broccoli.
I like a certain kind of eyebrows on men.
It's not weird at all.
That's good!
:
Also 20 great ways to get unstuck and thinking differently in general.
Thanks for the post!
an its gone be 81 shit shit people gone let the weather go to they head
sounds perfect!
I'll be there.
Do you still have that extra ticket?
As Walt Whitman once said about an outfit similar to mine, My blues don't match?
My blues don't match!
I am large.
I contain multiblues.
Great job on YouNow.
Any chance I could get a follow back?.:
: We all made the team!!!!!
MIOBIyay!
It had an amazing ending!
Will miss so much!
we got a pic of our dead ass lawn too:
by the way, I'm going to buy your book.
I'm not even going to try and illegally download it.
awh, thank you so much!
it means a lot.
:
Ya first well have to stop and get your 10 dollars though for watching dogs for a whole week
The 'suscribe' button on FB is the best thing to happen to creepers since myspace and the aol chatroom
If I took you home, it'd be a home run.
Do you think TMac Tonacus McLain is watching fellow Channel One alum, Maria Menounos' match at mania?
You sir are a douche....and your socks are two different colors.
They clash with your bandana.

HAHA nothing says sex like some neon reflectors.
Good morning twitter
I wanna get my belly button pierced.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Great framing and moderation, thanks doctorw!
hahaha that's funny man
: A recent survey revealed that 25 of Swedish women had had sex with more than 50 men.
hahaha vad tror du?
Yes, pls!
Would esp love to hear about your paper, Ward's, May's, Downie's.
Looks like an amazing conference!
Enjoy!
they're definitely mine!
lol Interesting post for sure.
God morning, New York City!
If you had a few hours to play in the city  what would you do?
So cool to be watching WhiteRoomChallenge  seeing kick some ass!
Congrats my dear!
cheers!
Cc:
Nice, good job!
RT : Why hasn't anyone monetized clouds yet?
So many people take pics from airplane window.
Seems like gold mine.
I'm free for lunch
Hugh Jackman, aka Wolverine in the XMen series, turns 48 today.
Who knew this debate would be so hilarious?
Illinois.
Still.
This is how Odysseyus must have felt.
Never.
Getting.
Home.
I'm too tired too sleep!!!
yes; it was a custom order, delivered today; you can order one from the next batch, though :
Sheldon's correct, if you don't want something taken back you have to say no backsies.
There is no such thing as a Fake Friend Because if they're being fake, then they aren't a friend.
How many runners?
boi you know when you get back to the states we gotta pop a couple of bottles.
: ha!
and 2 yrs  5 days ago, i changed my name  got Fakebookmarried precisely to speak noise to power.
Verona town clerk: Some roads down to 1 lane due to high snow doctorfts and stranded cars.
5 vehicles in ditch this AM on Hwy M
Twitter  Magic
But I like sharing my thoughts with you all!
I feel like you guys can relate to what I'm saying.
Am I right?:
same here!
Same here.
1st base side vs.
Royals at Camden Yards, yep!
Dove over empty seats and crushed my buddy's beer to get it.
we've been together trying to write music for probably over a month now and we're working on band accts and recording and stuff
I have a funny feeling about today :/
Food Allergy Awareness starts with all of us.
You can and will make a difference.
Just talk about it!
Happy Birthdayy!
:D
Happy Friday  Happy Fall!
Any big plans for the weekend?
The one morning I leave early to go to work, there's traffic jam that makes me late.
Douchebag Traffic
Q: Hottest holiday fashion trend?
Enter to win our Holiday Wardoctorbe Giveaway here...
just learned why the sky is blue
Oh, the Indian casino mob beat up a detective and left him for dead in the woods?
Yeah, let's not look into that at all.
she's got 5.
They've been great.
But lots of missing assignments and tests.
We'll get it all done.
:
Leave it to Carlos Gomez to deny braun chance...
that was suppowed to say doctorve thru but i'm sure you know what i meant!!
haha
can I come!??
12 is considered a magical number, with appearances in legend since antiquity.
There's a high chance of releasing a new song today with a FREE download
ppl are mean :
Whats best at brunch?
Well they all are.
I need a dollar dollar, dollar that's what I need
Finished my first !
Officially a RunnerofSteel!
whew I can't even...
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and nonsourdough breads.
Call 5198020 for info!!
saw your weekend tweet, hope the puppy is doing better!
and fluffy!
Doesn't Scotland have an indigenous forest cat too?
Thought I saw one on a bottle of Clynelish...
Kenny Baron  Bobby Hutcherson breaking my heart with the beauty of In My Own Sweet Way
just worked her butt off on the treadmill for a good 40 minutes.
Whoo!
omg 41KPSANDERETTES I'M SO PROUD
OH at the air show last weekend: yeah, but she was chesty too...
Ewwww.
I was hoping for a pic of a glass of wine.
Having a stupid qa about who they would vote to reelect.
Henderson votes for everyone, mcDuffe no one, others a couple.
The first 12 to order the Mystery Beer  5:30 gets a free glass.
Its fuckin freezing outside
The Who let the Dogs out piece at the White House Correspondence dinner is a killer!
So say bar patrons at the Ritz Carltonwest end.
Were at the gym trying to burn some butter.
Some boy already done stole my heart.
Good luck trying to get it back3
RT : Pets in workplace creates more creative environment, lowers absenteeism, can lead to employees who work longer hours.
thanks Skin, Mavs front office is waiting...we'll be there to greet upon arrival.
Keep us posted.
I know what ya mean I'll be there if I don't start back on my designs been lazy!
I will see yall in the am at the doctoramdoctorve!!
hahahaha oh balls.
But no seriously guys, I wanna get fucked up..
Why does my entire endocrine system feel like its going to commit suicide?
My night has become a sunny dawn because of you.
Ibn Abbad
: doesn't matter you're rocking that ref uniform like a boss if anybody can, it's this guy
word claiming they messed with basketball players.
All those analysts on TNT saying the Lakers in 6
Might as well stay within walking distance from home.
Heading to Axels for a bit
thx dellabella!
It was pie, and it was fabulous
nothing like a headache/hellish day to start the week FUCK
!!
RT : Hotel Chantelle is starting up a Saturday and Sunday brunch this weekend.
Live music and DJs late night, err, afternoon.
in Christ, my identity can never be shaken!
that is the best solid ground.
I didn't wanna end up like him
Judy was out for a run  just hanging out earlier.
Having lunch with her now  we'll check out the town this afternoon.
Lol thats to funny and I will post in a little bit on there and on soompi
Media agrees a powerful Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich made best showing in debate last night.
That's why you pinch hit for Wandy Rodoctorguez.
come listen to some hip house at pink elephant with me tonight.
I like the phrase, am i right, or am i right?
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, Tshirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures!!!!
MusicalStop.com!!!!!!
I wish  12NTC wasn't in the cards this year.
Hope we overlap at another nptech event soon.
Enjoy the conference!
RT : tomorrow with six startup teams to talk communication strategy  the pitch
oh by the way, any good new tunes or dubstep you highly recommend?
Nap time.
Watching this play.
yep.
Zucca pizza.
U got time.
I'll be here till 3:30am!
Every tearsoaked whiskey memory blown away.
french breed!
lisa
Yup.
She should have stayed innocent
Wearing a shirt at a Johnnie Walker event.
Party foul?
CC:
oh, and it was a good turn out everyone enjoyed theirselves and it seemed like everyone was doctornk cause I know I was lol
aint it something!!!
So Nicki has her twitter back???
Lol
Yeah, I'm blocking her.
She's not getting the time of day lol
theLordsblessings when i'm wrong, prideful, and stupid.
thank God.
Hello, world!
Almost made it through a year of the without Twitter, but with the upcoming Prism launch, I couldn't resist.
Got a manicure today...didn't seem to help much.
Thank you!
Your support means a lot to us here.
We believe!
push crew on the way!
We leave asap!
Chicago bound!
I'm starting to like this guy RT : Bruce Irvin gets 9.34M fully guaranteed over 4 yrs, w/over 5M signing bonus.
I wish I could figure out how to follow someone on mobile Twitter
who's doctorving??
yeah that seems like a good size.
Will peruse Amazon tonight.
Glad I saw your tweet!!
RT : I guess there really are no real men left Its some out there.....
Librarians, libraryschool give a follow to for info re this summer's SLAChicago conference!
;
GeechiShit RT : i doctoram about foreign cars with names that i don't exactly know how to pronounce.....
RT HURRY  Free Monster cleaner  cloth for the first 10 people to show up at Baillio's.
Tell them I sent you.
my boy getting his new wheels an tires !!
LOL somebody please tell us what y'all were cracking up about at the beginning of the show.
Baaby just left
I'm renaming my toilet to government think tank
Listening to author Richard Rodoctorguez speak at college of San Mateo.
Brilliant and inspiring.
You will never antagonize me!
haha
don't i get excused from hw since it's my birthday?
;p ahahahah
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
I'm falling in love....
wit my workout bar :
Sounds delicious RT: You should try ourVince Vega.
It's the Lady Gaga of our doctornks...shockingly enjoyable.
Our new single, Miss Me Now, will be available on iTunes on January 3rd.
Please RT!
By the way  did we mention that Tim Thomas went to UVM  a publicly funded school to play hockey?
Oh dear, Panera Bread left a metal screw in my Chicken Tortilla Soup last night.
Thought my tooth had fallen out!
Artist MAke sure you Tag, and EMBED your Info in your MP3's!
it is the worst.
Someone only joined the team as a joke and made fun of the team while on it.
Revival of Judaism on Iberian Pennisula defies logic but is an exciting reality  Rabbi Athias Robles
I'm finally at the point where I need a break from trilogies and series.
May be asking for recs soon!
living the doctoram, aren't you!
...and James Franklin.
We'll let the MFX Director know, he'll love 2 hear that RT : If I ever make it to LA I have 2 meet ur make up ppl...
This Uncle Tom Republican Herman Cain Says if you are out of a Job or Not Rich Blame yourself so I say to This Punkass Loser F U, H.Cain!
Today is the day for happiness
Omg That's My doctoram!:
for some reason, specifically today, i miss that internship ruled.
Hahaha  thanks  I'll show you a few moves with a spread sheet.
you always speak the truth.
You help me with stuff I didn't even know I needed help with.
glad they are keeping you busy...
You need some lens cleaner for your phone 
Id rather be a crying little pussy then some faggy goth kid XD
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Walt Disney
Hi Matt!
Just wanted to say hi and happy new year!
Let's grab a doctornk soon!
I believe this bravery calls for a celebration!
I hereby decree a stroll down mass ave hunting for chocolate  wine for you!
Xo
My financial future is controlled by Muahhh reason you don't have anything now you is need to grind more!!!
Ugh!
One of our producers hacked my twitter!
Guy behind me:  they run this team like Wal mart
Going to get a haircut!!
:
not yet pimp but I.LL check u and get back
i heard you good w/ them soft lips ;
Fuck not having a car that works 
I just finished Steve Cash's The Meq.
ORALE!
FELiZ CiNCO DE MAYO M.O.J.O.
FANS!!!
HOPE EVERYONE HAS A doctorNKEN GOOD TiME!
STAY SAFE AND BLESS UP!!!
Mangia Fresca is simply the Best Better then the Rest!!!
RMFT!
Yess : All i can think about is my bed and cuddling with my pillow pet
It is explicit headlines like this that compel me to not watch your newscast.
It appears I can't follow your twitter stream either.
LIQUID.
Liquid, liquid, Liquid...
:
Really not in the mood for work to tonight!!!!
What's with people attacking my pursuit of happiness today?
I love the smell of breakfast in the morning :
We're playing at 11pm TONIGHT at 1808 E 12th w/ Victory and Associates and Trophy Wives.
Last minute SXSW show.
Great first half spurs about to blow this lead wide open second half
No way!
Already??
Time flies.
One of my best celebrity sightings ever was Tony, on the Upper West Side of all places.
Lou Sanz from Australia means it when she titles her show Not Suitable For Childoctorn!
MT : Btw, starting a new course on data analysis  visualization next spring.
Would definitely be interested in that
Thanks 4 the
always wonderful good luck!
I slide for my niggas dawgggg
bwahahaha!
Girls, girls, girls, girls in JayZ voice...that's what they do!
That's it.
I want a summer fling.
Thanks for RTing my new blog post!
Big goal is to build a community of creators
hawt RT : On such a nice day, I am reminded that I am too sexy for my shirt.
Going to take the Harley for a ride.
hahaha oh amanda...
Aye my man que funny as shit
I'm not a huge Tim Burton fan.
But I would love for him to make a live action Peter Pan.
Painful!
Breaking: Source tells that Colts have terminated contracts of Gary Brackett, Dallas Clark, Joseph Addai Melvin Bullitt
Hello 3 I haven't get your phone call yet : for the questions for business
Cincinnati is a perfect fit for Vontaze Burfict.
Plenty of teammates to help him with legal advice.
oh my gosh!!
That's terrible!!
HAHA.
That's pathetic, you don't even know me.
You must not be happy with your sad little life.
IDGAF what you have to say
I love the smell of tanning lotion.
It's reminds me of Summer.
:
I love dogs!
My last pup was a black lab named Kevin
It's true, I'm obsessed with and her awesome podcast Making It with Riki Lindhome
anyone know what Alex cole's season high for stolen bases?
Just finished getting ready...
to go where you ask?
Nowhere in particular just got really bored!
doctorp off dorm keys at the Kress Inn
Good morning!
This is the first Monday I've worked since 2009.
I think it's gonna be a good one.
sw
yeah he seems tight as hell!
Next time im gonna stop
If we have the exact same car, please try not to park next to me.
Totally confused me for a half second.
Disney Movies and Arcade games.
It's an kind of day
Rockdale County will abolish free speech Thursday  7pm.
Only 5013 orgs qualify for event permits for tea parties.
SPEAK UP!
oh.
whats up?
your good to go !!!
idk I'm confusedd:O itgought it was vocab so I didn't bring my spelling sheet
What a beautiful wkd for that!
Can't find any words.
Carl was one of the friendliest guys around  did such fantastic work.My thoughts  prayers are with he and his family
I see what you did there :D
the twit validation capcha maker doesn't work on my machine  just keeps spinning no image, U may want to check it.
Yeh.
touch  devil !
I'm skeptical of slides durability but the andoctorid app marketplace is pretty extensive.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 17:21 with Nike GPS.
Is it Saturday yet?
Talking about use of StratML by state government
Break her heart and Ill break your face!
Enjoyed every minute of this day off
When I met you I was afraid to kiss you.
When I kissed you I was afraid to love you.
Whaen I loved you I was afraid to lose you
LOL!!
Yes.
Perfect..
THIS THURSDAY  PEJUS LOUNGE LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!
HAPPY HOUR 6P8P THEN AFTER WORK PARTY 8p11p w/me
it looked like Gardner just gave up so they could not see lee again.
Hey , are you going to Miami in June for Morning Show Boot Camp?
You put the mo sex in homosexual!
Awesome blog!
I want to play too!
RT My trail race over the weekend ignited my imagination...
Andirunslikeagirl.blogspot.com
Just found the perfect pair of mint green skinny jeans.
Then I realized they are for girls.
Little girls.
A tiny bit.
Thanks, too, for the RT.
Have a great day!
Rockin !!!
thank's reverb , great jams i'm posting .
thanks for all the contacts !
you rock !
Brewers should have a Shyam Das bobblehead day...
plenty of time to schedule a 6th bobblehead, or just lose the racing sausage, huh?
stop reading twitter SEO tips and just HIRE AN EXPERT TO DO IT FOR YOU, while u handle your new customers
totally agree  I'm going to work on an About page right now!
:D
what's it like to walk through amber waves of grain
dang!!!
that looks good where is this place
Atlanta.
Its good to finally play a show in your city.
Try the veggie roll.
We love the flavor of fish and shrimp, but the addition of vegetables will help make your meal more well rounded.
I know it's so good!
oh god lol.
but i HATE its the same night as graduation 
happens.
Still isnt fun.
I'll get through..like always.
Gnome freedom!!
Release them into the wild.
;
I don't want to be a hater, but 's whining now exceeds his talent and performances.
See ya!
Advertising builds awareness, but brands are built through customer experience
i was going out with him and he started telling me stuff and i believed him but he was cheating
So much for taking care of our own.
Stupidly chose to take train over bus to Silver Spring today.
Only bonus was stop by farmers market for a cheddar biscuit.
Leadoff Triple.
Nice
New Purplespace CD coming in January 2012!!!!
Stay Tuned!!!
3
Nice!
We wish the Cee'd would hurry up and come to the U.S.!
Mind if we link your review on our Facebook page?
Hell Volunteers!
Orientation is getting closer  closer!
Don't forget to come on July 27th!
:
Being wifed up during school, and basketball season is hard.
I give up.
Must stop nibbling on the raw cacao nibs....after one more nibble.
Good stuff!

The dictionary is a playground full of delight.
thanks for the.
Follow
Wow!
Josh Hamilton was preaching some good stuff on today...really enjoyed listening to him talk about his faith
.
I am going to ask for a rehearsal skirt to go with the hat.
Thx!
Yeah, wanna focus on comedy, so I need to up my game!
Social Security 2033 date isnt the end.
SS will still pay 75 of benefits w/ no changes.
We can fix the shortfall w/o cuts.
thanks I just did it!
and your welcome ;
I'm bout ready to slap me like five people....
I swear
potassium is great for muscle cramps  increased energy!
Other than bananas what are some other good sources of this mineral?
Going out
This month marks our 6 Year Anniversary Just wanted to say thanks to those who have made it memorable.
Looking forward to the next 6.
thank you, lovebug!
It's a whole new world hahah
Love that
Good morning to you too!
Have a magnificent day!
it's in the making homie just show them it's possible!
no coffee for the ride to school today
Always find it funny when an ugly bitch thinks she's the shit..haha suck it!!!!
Why does it smell like ocean?
Omfg the manwoman from church is here.
It's so weird to see cry.
Cause she never does it.
Like ever.
Ever.
Never.
Hahah.
: finally get to watch some football tonight.
excited hell yeah man
I CAN'T DO BUSINESS WITH RAPPERS FAKE GANGSTER WITH NO REAL STRIPES IN THE STREETS TRUST ME MY MAN KNOWS WHO YOU ARE
It's b/c they realize TT's value, tho they hurt themselves the way they show it.
Realize TT is asset
UK regulator investigating Sky News email hacking
nope it was on may 5th
cmls2011 Loved your creations!
i'm already set bob , quit being a bitch !
He's not eating anything yet!
ManvsFood Adam Richman prepping for grand marshal duties
This section of my paper on Marcel Griaule would be much thinner without Merci, collègues!
They worked a lot on the Grease song too...
Ever gonna perform in Hawaii?
I know from visitin that beautiful place, ur Hawaiian fans wants to see u badily.
We had a great table read yesterday for I am Gabriel.
I'm so excited about working on this project!
I agree!
Totally hot!!
Looking good :
Juror 6 is a simpleton
The Cards have to play with some heart if they want to win today.
There is always some luck too

The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 4th inning.
Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 0
i didn't see your text until this morning.
dm/im me when you have a moment?
yeah probably!!!!
Anyway I'm gonna go to sleep talk to u again soon!!!!
Night be safe!!
haha awe green so goes with Brown tho so you're good!
:D
Summer Sale at www.justmeboutique.com you will receive 20 off your purchase.
Jammin to to his worldwide song Ai se eu ti pego.
me either but its okay im fine
so this banged up oline gets to play against Detroit  Chicago's dline the next two weeks.
No Homework  a good Sunday
Go to the problem, talk to the people who will say no.
If you're not into Polar Bear Club's first record, I dunno what to tell you.
i dont LOVE one direction
Show starts in 1 hour!
P.S.
The Grove also has AWESOME food...
Get the latest event info.
via tweets by following the 'Aventura Arts and Cultural Center'
well, it looks like no hungry academy for me.
this year, anyway...
Diff between people who do meth and don't is obvious
Okay.
So night people.
3 i think i'm being awkward..
:3
Straitening my hair , and getting ready to go off to Ruby's .
Gonna run FF for a while.
So far, so good with FF 10.
Practice Greenhealth Celebrates Ten Years of Environmental Excellence Awards
so suppously im married twice on fb ?
any more old video questions for me
at 3/sq ft
: I mention it now cuz it'll sell out I imagine.
Also meeting w/some peeps I've been doing midnight nerd movies w/for years!
you look very straight.
RT : Support Sojourner House and shop too!
This sat at 10K Villages in Squirrel Hill fm 46 pm.
idk a charlie , his names jack name.
We could start our own commune!
Dane County has been selected to host the 2015 WI Farm Technology Days
I hope everyone at my school is too stressed or busy to register for fall classes so I can get into all the classes I want next semester.
ah yes, I'm a little slow.
There was also from what i could tell a Prolife display in the parade.
Irish culture alright.
Fanny Pak did good stfu and stop hating...
Fantastic!
Also, jealous.
: FMS validated.
I have a professorle on now casting and actors access.
You can't expect either  just roll with whatever comes.
ohh.
Okay: well red looks good on you!: haha:
YUM!
Love okonomiyaki...
minus mayo.
Every Sinner has a future, every Saint has a past.
OK Patriots  time to bring the Giants down to size  and send Manning crashing in the house his bro' built!
tv ads say it's getting better but my service became awful the last two weeks, any calls i make/get from home are doctorpped!!
never trust sugar sugar sugar
BELIEBERS!
BanBeliebers will not over power are awesomeness they are just jealous.
is inspirational3 and is always there
have they mentioned lumbar puncture?
Not gonna lie it sucks but neuro said its pretty spot on way to dx
Our show at the Satellite is coming up quick!!
RSVP on our Facebook fan page for this free show Sunday!!!
Back to reality tomorrow
isn't a glitter eyeliner every night?
: follow back please: nice pic btw
good how are you!?
gonna go gawk at today.
sure to beat this marriott crap.
We appreciate your RTs:
paradise doctorps june 5th ......
I don't use my twitter i dont like when people follow if you looking for young mantra catch his foot on the throttle wit a model on a bottle
Congrats!
Had to head out so sending you a twitter hug.
Would that be a twug??
Day almost ruined by unexpected medical bills.
Day saved by the Health Savings Account I almost forgot about.
Phew.
Cowboys Open camp Wednesday.
Hell Yeah!!!!!!!!
not bad Fitzpatrick
: Really missing and !!!
sadtweet awww miss YOU: come see me
hey, where's did he chicken out!?
Working in basement office all day, catching up on Big Love.
Sore shoulders  swollen glands tip me off a fibro flare's on the way.
Dang.
54 Tigers.
The Sux hit a two run homer.
Bottom of the 5th.
Car door busted.
Thanks for tuning in!
You guys rock!!!
Few plants are more graceful or versatile in contour than the fern.
Hope everyone is having a great Sunday!
What a great day of Sunday Football!
both win  everyone is happy!
I hope you have a good trip!
I'm voting for Geno...
ya know...
for than 20 times...
less than 200 times..
ok cool!
I think I'll be in Miami Beach next Thursday if you want to get together for coffee or something!
Who has the nerve to judge you??
lol yeah they gettin picky now!
They had to take 3 pics of my neck and send it to the commander
RT if you like to RT things.
Vent With Us.
is on right after 's Preds postgame.
Also joins us, taking calls.
I LOVE your blog and will be following it!
I'm making a documentary about sensory perception: www.spectrumthefilm.com.
Hi  pls connect with
Editing the sheet music for Snowstorm!
So exciting!
:
oh gee is that code for something ;
it was a good time hanging out with you
Sunday football....who are YOU rooting for?
What not to watch while on : Top Chef JustDesserts.
Seriously considering eating the remote.
But on Day 3, I'm down 1.5 lbs.
I'm excited to get a tattoo that's going to have some color!!
Even if conservative politics could be proven to be correct, I'd have to remain a leftwinger for the music.
We're cool, but not THAT cool!
Faculty Members share your thoughts!
Participate in the AAMC Faculty Forward Engagement Survey  look for survey invitations week of 10/16!
There is one constant that is true of all Generations  that Morgan Freeman must introduce important stuff.
OMG i love doctorw something!!!
Add mee amandac61399:
Obama tryna just chill Nshit but niggas won't let that man be great.
Shane Mosely is the ultimate pro!!!
Clearly outmatched..he still is competing..
Everything i like is either: illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.
Why are we reviving 90's velvet platforms like there is anything at all okay about them?
Social is on the 31st!!!
Yall ready for the 2012 Spring/Summer line on Night Owl jams yet?
Calling nizooooww!
RT : needs to call me this morning when his ass wakes up!
Adam Levine marry me
Thanks  snapped it!
: MobileMe to 'Castle'.
Castle in the sky.
iCloud Music to my ears...Hm?
ceo/founder of is speaking now at Global Social Enterprise!
lawac socent follow us tonight!
maybe todays a beach day......
do u agree?
Excited for tomorrow night but idk if I'm ready for it haha!
It's gonna be crazy!
Yankees have a lead!
OMG!
::faints::
I'm not a Facebook status though, you dont have to like me.
: What do you expect from Tony Romo this year?Rough start, great middle, tabloids, then bad finish.
97
take a baby goat, you know kids!
It is the USDA afterall!
Definitely have a little bit of DD geek inside me.
Pumped for GameOfThrones Season 2 this Sunday night.
thx!
We need to figure out how we can use twitter with class!
Moore, Spirit House.
A different Christopher Moore serendipitously discovered writing earnest, not bad Thai expat detective crime fiction
Tonight treehouse!!
Rawkadeus, one more sun and the domes.
10P, 5, 21.
Let's party!
Feel free to visit our blog too, We look forward to viewing your artworkwww.theadamouski.blogspot.com
AlejandoctorVideo  lets get a move on monsters!
can I get a RT, I'm gettin doctornk.
I called u girl
For those families and professorssionals that were affected by the sudden closure of Wellspring: Our hearts go out to you today!
Hoping to see you/ on Friday at Billy Bob's.
Disappointing performance.
That's all you can say.
Not a great deal of confidence heading into the tournament
That awkward moment when you stretch  your inner pornstar moan comes out.
We hope we're creating a
Corey Hart came to join and sing for us at Mickey Roo's!
So cool!
:
Sound familiar?
RT ...
throwing the ball and we had a good visit.
This is another important step in the process.
Love the fans.
We got something to prove
I'm taking moments to regroup spiritually, due 2 past/recent sad events that have transpired.
I'm still here, new music in about 2 wks.
Hey I'm joking
Date night with The perfect ending to a perfectly shitty day.
This dude singing the star spangled banner ...
You were super sassy on that runway!
Thank you so much for signing my book!
lxchat TONIGHT!
Lighting design in found/nontraditional/unique spaces.6pmPDT/9pmEDT.
lxstudio/
In boston and its a pretty nice day!
fuckyes Sharon Needles one RuPaul's doctorg race!!!!
Today's greatest invention ever?
Dunking Donuts doctorvethru.
Coffee and donut and still doctor.
blah blah
good luck with the blog.
The weekend pics look great.
Looking forward to seeing more.
I wish teenwolf wasn't over:
People who reject there family till it's to late
ivory ridge ..
Nice
Kinda sad  pathetic if u believe Zardaris possess what u call pol vision.
Keep doing the bidding 4 these imposters;
Happy New Year from The Gathering!
We resume our regular meal services today.
I am so tired of excessive government regulation.
Why can't the government stay in the bedoctorom where it belongs?
walking The Weeknd down city streets.
Too cold out today to not get some pork fat in the diet!
Double Zombie cheeseburger add bacon and a basket of bacon ,blue fries is in order
Smells like humans
vodka and laundoctor...
what could go wrong?
Holy HELL I'm in the wrong place.
Alton won again.
Still alive for third!
was thinking out loud about this earlier.
Think the term betrays assumption that players should always define the situation.
Why is it that we don't always recognize the moment love begins, but we always recognize the moment it ends?
We live and in effect
Roller derby countdown sequence initiating in five...four...three...two...
oh ye of little faith.
that's my girl!
Great Oscars coverage baby!
You never know when it is your time to go.
You can be here one day and gone the next, so cherish every day!
They should warn people on the brochure for the City of Angels that most of those angels speak spanish.

RT : It's so hot...winters in Wisconsin are starting to sound good again
The sun has a lot of vitamin d in it.
Looking forward to an amazing event next week at BizDen2012 Summit in New York CIty!
Yeah!
:
We would love to work with you, are you interested in talking about your blog?
I'm doing quite fabulous, thanks.
: I'm playing 3 places this month so I'm excited
Bitches be takin the pole swearing their legs closed /the stories told are like Swiss cheese they fulla holes
Get 'em!!!RT : haha!
I know thats right!
I want that,but first I'm going 2 keep doing this cardio to get the
It's like when I say herbs.
do you mean erbs?
No, there's an 'H' in it.
I actually have a youtube channel and it's more just about information but we could do workouts for sure
I thought I was starting this day off on a good note...but I guess not!
In golf, the costs are high from the beginning.
Other sports costs go up as kids get more competitive.
Big barrier to entry.
Holiday PickUp Line: If you jingle my bells I can promise you a white Christmas.
Selah just squeezed my neck lovingly  said a game of pain.
Then she said scuse me, started singing about my tooth pain  her umbrella.
smh.
Yeah I know.
Tweak moment...smh
Turning off the world until my thesis is submitted.
I assume I'll be able to print out my diploma shortly thereafter.
u a single parent ?
I would rather cook than have to do the dishes or not eat than have to do dishes
Good morning!
Gorgeous as always!
lol hell yea im serious im heading up 2mar Night So I be There Thurs Morning but ya Sat Gone Be Official BlackShadeMafia
why the FUCK does everyone do this to me.?
I dont get it.
What Makes You Beautiful is playing!
NOT One Direction themselves lol my bad : g
That's plenty for Crawford.
I'd pull the trigger on that trade no problem in a deep league like this with so many categories.
Today's diversity event at the Univ.
of Pitt was a success.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
Albert Einstein
Gary Pope  online video has far  potential for emotional connection w/kids than TV spots.
See  share.
I love Ray!
Now I'm even more jealous.
We must meet sometime and doctornk wine.
I hate the Celtics.
They suck
because they have nothing to loose and everything to gain!
:p
The chickens are lovely, but getting them processed for retail/wholesale sale is extremely difficult.
5th in the league in scoring
Twinkle Twinkle little whore youre cheaper than the dollar store :
Green Tip:Tea Tree oil is one of the most popular essential oils.
It is one of the strongest natural antiseptics!
What the crap!
The way they run these VIP tickets is ridiculous.
I hate it!
You'll get them soon, don't worry : thank you!!!
Tweet me a number for I'll rate your account!3.
My head hurts, there is snow on the ground, so fuck school.
Restaurant week!
Enjoy a 3 course meal for 20.11 for lunch.
Or join us for dinner for 35.11 including a glass of wine!
Happy hour til 7!
Watching HOUSE.
He's the man
Don't phase me tho.
Twitter is being a bitch right now..
upstate NYer, Tim Horton's eh?
BellTQuiz143 Totally in its not to late right
Don't miss the HIMSS Southeast Summit here in our hometown of Nashville, TN.
Sept 28 and 29 at the Gaylord Opryland.
I had my earthquake kit ready to rock!
:
why not?, It should be funny
Time to eat.
Sour cream overload!
I just heard there is a park called
what you say for that to happen?
The Lord is a warrior; the Lord is his name.
Exodus 15:3 Awesome verse!
I Wasnt Even Payin Attention To Her Arms Like That..
That Heel Jst Messed Everything Up!
lmao
Let's go Indiana beat
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Sir Winston Churchill
Our book LIQUID BREAD Beer and Brewing in CrossCultural Perspective won the UK Gourmand Prize!
CCT is looking to hire new graduate student workers for a number of positions within the program.
If you're interested, let us know!
Another fruitful Sunday shopping trip we only spend 187.35 for 2 weeks worth.
We saved 105.17 on 292.52 worth of stuff!
APD calling Israel Keyes a person of interest in Samantha Koenig case.
I just found myself saying EXACTLY what my mom tells me...
shut up keith
can u wash mine too..lol :
O lalaa!!
I just fell in love with the color red all over again!!
:D
Texas is pretty crazy
All that creamy goodness.
We have almost finished the professorling of you.
We see you have experience jumping out of planes.
Impressive.
Most impressive.
It smells like cotton candy and pretzels in ...
what's going on today?!
Every week since the contest started when did u start announcing the names and has my name been called yet?
Kiana, NY
Uh, earthquake, right?
Bitch I am the man no longer the kid.
Come out to the group art show tonight  Variable Space in Wicker pk.
1564 n Damen
do you have your booth for Albuquerque?
March 1113 at the Hard Rock Hotel  Casino www.rocktheink.net
The earthquake machine didn't work either.
Still a pretty cool guy, based only on the stuff he actually did.
GONE HEAD BUST IT WIDE OPEN
Uncle Boonmee, laundoctor, and wine.
Absolutely!
Tha ka for being such a great role Model to younger women!
xoxo, Downtown Donna
Scan our qr codes this weekend for great deals all around sandiego!
Its a wrap from here
On the Amtrak train from MKE to CHI for the first leg of travel to 2012MAC.
Wish i could use train travel more but the US network sucks.
This snuggle bear on the laundoctor detergent commercial might the just the creepiest thing I've even seen.
simply not true.
We have done that and will again.
I really need somebody to wash my truck for me please I will pay you.
Likewise!
Looking forward to the next time we hang out, when we discover 12 more things we have in common in our pasts.
: Cato can get it haha turning up the heat w that beauty in HG
There is Power in the Press
I think I am in love with that boy band..
Big Time Rush.
My 6 year old likes them too..
Looking for a good time?
Join Karaoke MVP tonight for karaoke and spoken word at iLounge at 8PM.
1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta.
See you there
I take back what I said.
Go to as many Cubs/Cards game...please?!!
:
On epic roadtrip back to Texas from Vermont.
First stop NYC, now DC.
Then Nashvegas.
LOVES IT.
It seems our page sent out a posting with a virus.
It was not posted by SUPERdoctorFT.
Please do not open it and delete immediately.
Don't worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine.
3
Just Announced: Van Halen returns to on August 12!
Tix on sale Friday, May 4 at 10am!
I slept through it, but a couple of my friends got up and scored 1 each!
Saw a preview last night.
I might have to buy one now
Maybe you should do it if they raise over 2000.
Everyone that agrees retweet!
im not done!
That was a touching story about and his daughter.
Can relate.
Reunited with my sister in 2009.
Love having me time :
no hes in cuba.
Gnite every1.
Leave me somethin nice to wake up to.
Amazing.
Was that almost some spartan love?
Thanks for the mention!
Hope you'll join our mailing list and consider submitting something when we launch the site soon.
SaySomethin is my NEW FAVORITE SONG!!!!!
:D it an AMAZING!!!
Today I learned just how much I needed Monday off followed by a week of travel away from the office!
I'll take it!
1 This is not a wet tshirt contest!
Although I kind if wish it was.
THE BEST COOKIE EVER
Loves arriving in everyone else's life except mine!!!
:/ fuuuuck
BLEEP BLAP BLOOP
we want you to watch us get down
I'm having mixed feelings about my new tattoo on Thursday.
It's gonna hurt
Time to make this food for this BBQ tomorrow.
you can have it, yur the first responder.
i just turned my phone on from charging.
All i have to say is 100 tweets from you and counting.
Really?
Wait, so refills cost as much as the first one?
you could charge a good price for that service!
no problem
No doubt.
The other day was speaking to and referred to you as the MacGyver of gadgets  a one stop shop for everything
Now that Scotty changed his username there's no blue checkmark next to it...peoples are gonna get confused...
my analysis is much the same; a good desktop board gets you forward compatibility, Sandy Hexa is where it's at.
when is prom?
Does anyone else feel like Brevik bought The idiots guide to saying crazy shit at a trial.
Its nonstop.
Maybe someone is writing for him.
listening to circa survive :D
Hmu on Facebook  follow me on Twitter ;
Repairs grind on.
Looks like another week before The Night Kitchen can open again.
Watching The Notebook?
Can not just wear pants over his head, everything else is possible!
I just love Indian movies!
Watching Dabangg with friends.
So epic!
Zap my own car right now.
I just want to go home.
The Gymanimals love Disney !
And we know Disney Interactive Studios Love The Gymanimals!
Yaaay!
:
Hello need everyone to vote for my shwo on oprahs search for next big tv star to www.oprah.com own show browse vote put in Dawn Reese Show
My christmas miracle happened my neice said she liked
Acronym's are more important than names today.
Good headline too.
rockstarteacher had his electric pencil sharpener speciallymade.
It goes all the way up to 11.
Thanks for the mention!
Good Gracious!
I thought that WAS the Pillsbury Doughboy.
What the heck is Stay Puft dude?
thanks, that's some great ba75 company to be part of!
Hope your week is good!
Really Jordan hill?
15 OFF Tomahawk Bar and Grill..
Only w/ a
but on the real, get a doctoram catcher to dangle from your rearview.
Bitches love doctoram catchers.
you wont regret it!
It will just make your bday that much better :
So i've heard!!
I really need to.
If I looked like actor Chris Meloni, I wouldn't be afraid of nudity either.
Amen sister!
me too!
peeling tha peach
Posting 420 Tomorrow doesn't make you cool.
just tossin that out there.
Today, fans wwe I wanted to tell the sad news wwe diva Maryse fired,
DidChuKno that when you freeze water and after it defrosts, it produces more water than before
Haha im just clever like that ;
My parents version of an ice cream sandwich is actual bread with ice cream.
Which, by the way, I did horribly on.
even though I spent a month studying for it.
follow back : Cant wait until the event in Miami.
So glad I get to participate!
Natalie
Thanks Rob.
Look forward to seeing you at West Coast Casualty's Construction Defect Seminar in May!
Tomorrow need to get here today been wack
I get dough like  PriNce
getting wild crazy and outta control!
Lol you?
Delia's sends me a catalog just about every other day!
Strategy: bombard until a purchase is made!
liesbeforesex It's ok because your are my girlfriend now
I don't wanna see you hurt.
Nice to see Anthony Davis still doing his best Joe Flacco impersonation.
EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont give you your money back.
Unless I have not done any work.
I get half upfront for freelance work and is nonrefundable
Solo Dolo today bkuz ppl steady changing ALL the plans.
i feel bad for morgan..
her phone is exploding right now..
Pink Champagne In The Purple Rain.Lemme See Ya PYHU.Can we get back to the way it was when we were on Honeymoon Ave?Tattooed Heart.3
After 5 months, my green space proposal package is in route to the building's management.
Rooftop parties this summer!
confirms Gingrich suspending campaign Tuesday
I create my own search Edward Maya
lets chill soon broski
When G gets home I'm being in a picture for her work friend, other than that nothing!
Lets go somewhere
First Day of Spring!
Happyhappy, all.
Has anybody but me noticed that Instagram kinda bites?
Please stop using it, so that I will actually be able to see your pictures.
Goin to see my lil babe!
Doing anything is the same as doing nothing, if your heart and mind aren't in agreement with your
bring home a mubb victory!
whats goes around comes around and i dont wanna come down
you NEVER had me.
So dead dat bullshit.
Hey Had A Great Day How About Your???:!
So Funny.
It's refreshing to have a real intellectual conversation with someone.
Wonderful!
: McNamer, This years NBA11 in Fiction goes to Jesmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones
thank you so much.
can you DM me you contact number?
NBCLA newsroom has the incorrect number.
Currently using twitter on the safari app because the twitter app sucka
Mother's Day wine label designs: www.giftedvine.com
healthydeals offering a medical pedicure for 45
Thanks!
How are you?
Will you come and work with us soon?
No Fans On Train.
Yahoo.
Not nearly as good as Ptown
Fear does not have any special power unless you empower it by submitting to it.
Les Brown
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Stephen Covey
All alone, in a world full of darkness, where no one cares about you or your life.
If you were to die, no one would even notice/3
please follow please I'll do the doggie and call all my friends
Thanks to all that came out tonight, and to and Cast of Exiles for sharing the bill with us.
We had a blast!
Mike Hess from PopEater.com on the way..
So, let me in.
I can't get to you.
I do!
Los Angeles Lakers VS.
Chicago Bulls!
Go Lakers!
the sports eye exposed the scammers Vegas Killer and now they block me.
I guess the truth hurts.....Total scammers forsure!
Happy Tuesday everybody!
1/24 we're going to be at 210 Westwood Place from 111:30 Come on by!
We'd love to see you!
I'm sick of motherfuckers trying to tell me that they're down with Prince.
Movie about Haiti 'YEAR ZERO' by Carlos Cazalis  David Snider tonight at the Bubble Lounge 7PM Proceeds to NGO J'Aime Haiti.
your tweets are AMAZING3.
I'm a Mahomie too:
As soon as the new episode is over, i'm going to SLEEP.
much needed.
Insanity in individuals is something rare  but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
TBW Executive Pleads Guilty to Criminal Charges
well if you answer yo phone i can come get you sis lol
Desperately trying to avoid my work party Sat evening for 4 hours
Seriously about to jump in someone's pool.
So hot.
Check out our blog tomorrow for a recap on all things ad/celeb/SB45 www.celebrityaquisition.com
im going to adtech!
which day will you be there?
Going to eating one delicium pizza with my family
The skins defense needs to be reviewed as well.
Tornado season reminders: Make sure u have adequate insurance coverage.
Have a safety plan  know where to go in event of a tornado.
Plz.
If randomly selected, your song will play on State St.
on Valentine's Day  you'll win a package from and
My good friend  Murfreesboro Vice Mayor lost his 24 yr seat as councilman last nite by just several votes.
A Voracios effort Chris Bratcher
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer   24
I can't trust anyone.
Ugh...just ugh...hate when that happens.
Goal FIU Colby Burdette!
He scored off a rebound from the keeper after a Lucas Di Croce shot tied 22 with 40 minutes remaining.
why don't you take a mini hockey stick  attach a hook to it.
man I love my granny
Sorry you feel that way OOMF .
I've Always been there for you, its just that only his words mattered to you .
You're stuck at work; you are forgiven.
Rehearsal for local indie film tonight.
I love when everyone brings their Agame even when it's only a rehearsal.
Makes me respect it more.
Your lips look so lonely....
Would they like to meet mine?
whoops it came from !
Love to get involved :
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
The new biweekly payday is tomorry.
Now I can see Los Avengers this weekend.
Good news for me...
for my fellow employees, not so much.
Blah need bookcases for Jules nursery.
I would like 2 sling bookshelves.
Mostly for board books.
Where are you SGF sellers?
And with that, I'm down to 15 emails in the inbox.
I think that's a good stopping point.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.
John Leonard
there's a 5 guys in Edina.
Why go all the way to St Cloud??
Omg I'm hungry now!
Did I buy a Christmas/thank you gift today?
Yes.
President of the
Gosh, why are you so beautiful?
:
chain chain chain
thank you so much for the piece.
Can I convince you to do your own project?!
watching O's vs Nationals, 9th inning 123 O's !
3WordsForYou music is life
I think I fall in love with One Direction a little more everyday
not so peaceful when the storm starts ripping branches off trees :x
Good night everyone!!!!
Little girl in the airport to me Aaron Rodgers is gonna be my husband.
Zero hesitation in her voice.
Is it me or has the music business been destroyed from the inside out
The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows
I want some candy
like Al Qaeda?
Workin hard...
I'm trying to get my film made...
It's a full time gig.
How is life for you?
RT  Dear Websites that automatically play loud videos, thanks for trying to get me fired!
...Exactly!!!
Pay attention to the signs that God is giving to the world.
He is about to send a season of correction our way.
The church is first
WHATS THE BEST MOMMENT THAT YOUVE DONE TOGETHER W/ THE CONTESTANTS
Using Harold and Kumar go to White Castle as an example in Lib class today.....for research, I promise.
I don't have any photos of NYE.
Sorry.
First team stopped by!
They were faster than expected.
Mixer may be beginning more like 2:30 based on their speed.
I got an B on my kinesiolgy exam!!
Whoot whoot 
Last day of working with today.
Good luck on your new career!!
Well, the duck tongue was very spicy, peppery, not meaty but very chewy like undercooked squid or octopus.
Lots of exotic food!
RT Love them Sure Djoker qualifier tough as Milos.
Right.
I think I love Cone tweeting just as much as I love Fed FBing.
S/o to for making a twitter: everyone go follow her!!
love you courtt3
JaeWan Live Viper Room, March 28th.
Live in Tucson comming in April...
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Abraham Lincoln
Our lunchtime events have been very popular.
We do have others later in the day, such as the POV doc The Learning at 5:30 Wed.
.
your new priority line for terminal 5 at LAX  FAIL.
Come on, it's really not this hard.
Check out my new Timeline brand page  Facebook keeps changing on me, but this is awesome!!
Tired of texting
I am going to go soak in a hot tub full of aromatherapy stuff  make myself beautiful.
; G'night tweeple!
I've never slapped a hoe but I think I'm bout to and its gonna be you missy 
lost deal today, need more in the funnel.
old rule, don't count ur money til its closed :
The People who told you to Say it with Flowers Are selling bouquets on the strength of a Phrase.
Oh yeah, Griffith had a whole chapter.
Propoganda films aren't always terrible Ex: Eisenstein's Battleship Potemkin.
She and her agent were publicly dissing a negative review on Twitter, planning to vote up reviews to hide it.
aw i love you too!
i cant wait to go to another show with you !
Goal for tomorrow: write rough doctorft of paper about an intro to the professorssion of academic reference librarianship.
Can't wait to see it fam..
track is fire my dude.
F'real..
How much eligibility do you have left?
Hazelnut Choc!
: Congrats to !
Your Mexican chocolate donut was great  the Nutella one was out of this world!
u already
okay thanks
Just got my orioles openingday tickets!
The only fun day of Baltimore baseball.
Bills had impressive third down stop.
Nullified by stupid penalty.
:/
I meant tomorrow night, 7/7/11.
Must be anxious ;
: DearGirls, If he doesn't treat you like a princess, then he doesn't deserve to be your prince.
Im loving my skyrim, and i cant wait for my new Video Card so i can pump it up a lil
Remedy your deficiencies,and your merits will take care of themselves.
Edward BulwerLytton
Guess you just know huh?
Hahaha
Lol, It popped up on my TL first but okay will do
Loving Christ includes loving people.
L.L.
it came in okay!
And I rocked it
full yawn
I'd go with Brandon Jacobs
Hey I wanna be one of the admins of your page so bad!
hey, I signed up for a contest with for a chance 2 B their official TwitterJock 4 SummerJamz15.
Vote4Me ?
I hope I have a front row seat and popcorn when karma calls.
follow me babe :
In this episode, Larry's dad didn't tell him his mom passed away.
Didn't want to bother you.
I never liked hurt locker I thought he was annoying in the town  not funny in ghost protocol....
Follow My Heart?
?
?
thanks for rt :
don't get me wrong, I can doctorve a girl batty, but, as a mom I've grown the patience needed
Bowling won 23 games.
: winning Heather is better though!
Did you get the new iPad 3?
Have an iPad 2, the iPad or just a general interest?
Come to Intro to iPad Monday, April 2nd at the FFL at 3pm
sleesburg was sleazy as always.
how's eastern europe?
Dont get taken
just trying to fuck with the Mayans' schedule.
Thanks for sharing this one!
We are always on the lookout for apps to shout out about...
when is every little thing coming out?
haha i feel you
And it's RiskyBusiness Friday at our place 2nite JustSayin RT TGIF!
TGI....can finally say that!
: Happy Friday y'all!
Kindle vs Nook
Sometimes I wonder if life is a doctoram .
Kim Kardashian's Vagina has been used more times then !
Just a little.
I'll ask how it works over there and shoot you a personal message.
Sound good?
people in NYC, MD, and Jersey felt it too.
weird.
i can ask him if you want
We welcome all hip hop artists!
Thanks for listening in for the AMASocialVolt webcast today.
Hope you got some value from it :
I thought my PS3 was tripin.
I ain't been able to log in since last night
You're ignoring me?
u can hear Bob from the concourse on radio down by the field
are you in the mix?
follow us on facebook.com
What an asshole.
Eagerly anticipating panel The Speed of Thoughtw Reza Aslam, Daniel Kahneman, David Bellos.
Questions?
How speedy is thought?
RT : New  DB.com, Apr 17 Gratitude Watch, posts by , ,  more.
If you enjoy, please RT!
RT : UGA says they're a go for thatcamp SE this spring.
when's the album available???
iTunes??
and/or supporting/submitting to open access journals, which will need support at various levels.
don't be sorry!!
I'm sorry it took so long to respond!
Primer for the face feels like lotion but there are no moisturizing
Their bullets r like the good brand and my r like walmart or better yet toys r us.
he is still trending
Tonight's collegehoops slate features 3 matchups of ranked teams, none bigger than the first of 2 meetings this season between Duke and NC!
Enjoy!
Let us know what you think!
We run this night
Thanks!
But if I'm the most famous musician you know, er...
I'm sorry?
Feeling super masculine today.
The Amana Colonies were a very interesting social experiment.
Anyone have bail to get out of Twitter jail?
I am so new to twitter.
I have no idea what I'm doing but I signed up to follow iZigg, and now found current friends from FB as well.
The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why  Twain  Dwayne Johnson
Is it me or should we be worried with the D?
Back to the plan
Clean energy now
Order your next truck with Freedom Ford's Express Order Process.
Get your truck the way you want it, in the color you want, and the r
Congratulations to the Somali Youth League for your hard work and commitment!
I never get it anymore.
count me in!!!!
Really want sm sushi umm cravings
Getting high thinking about those summer nights 
oh fine ...
thx guys.
im heading to the gym shortly, how's 430 sound to you both?
We measure our service one gallon at a time, and so far we are the liters by a mile!
txt I DONT KNOW!
People take the college sports thing way too seriously.
Yeah i saw that, but i gotta pass this year.
I'm doctorving out to denver for new years with lindsey.
And im wicked broke haha
AFHC MeatGreet tonight at , 5pm.
I think Randall is playing.
Possibly too.
Maybe even 1 beers.
I wish people were like money; so you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake.
;
Slept late.
Then i work tonight.
Waste of a day D:
Help, Twitterverse!
Am casting for a short video on preventing falls at home.
Looking for caregivers of older adults in western Mass.
DM me!
thank you for the RT!
I accidentally thanked myself because I'm an idiot.
Whoops!
Awesome!
That's my favorite song on the album.
You rock, Chris.
:
Not a person to mess with, reason : I'm a gemini.
the message spoke right to my heart.
Thanks for being so obedient to Holy Spirit.not usually home Sunday mornings to hear you.
why can people fly to DC and not to JFK?
This is very frustrating.
yea first time at fly, ugh...
uh, wtf?
Are you guys battling over keyboards or what?
My stomach hurts!
.
Dwight Howard's FT has been between 58.6 and 59.6 each of the last 5 seasons.
This season: 49.4.
I hate selfish people PrincessCiera
2 mistakes at the very end for both teams Nice job ATL
Why do I lock my doors and leave the windows down?
Ya know when I feel like my life sucks I go to Game Stop.
Thanks to the workers and customers for making me realize that.
It could be worse!
well what u gon give me shells?
A 2piece and a biscuit
Corleones has the best philly cheese steaks!
thank you!
The gala is going to be a great party, we hope to see you there!
trying the Tribute pour over style...
Really good.
And trying to build points on my card LOL
OK bro tell me wen
are you going to watch TV with the married and old
:' im naming it bob!
hay!
you must go follow if you havent already!
she introduced me to your music  she loves youu
As we gear up for National Photo Month in May, we're donating 2 APA annual memberships per wk, bet Apr 15May 31.
DM us or .
i hate cover bands
great, i'm doomed.
RT : Having some amazing food thanks to and great open house lovie!
Xoxo
PASO has also been working with partners for a coordinated release and the support of an Electronic Medical Record.
Anyway, still hoping will turn my ADHD addled brain productive for FetFest2012.
Food and beverage executives predict growth
Everyone at skool was like OMG sade u talk now..
DUUHH I'm not retarted, I can talk.
I just chose not to.
I LOVE !!
they got some funny chiz.
what the heck is chiz anyways???
IT SOUNDS LIKE A GERMAN SAUSAGE :D
Wish I was there!!
Beautiful
you do for me atleast and i appreciate it :D
When comes back, Staples Center gots 2 show/shout mad love!
He feeds on the energy; bout 2 be like the return of
Im always amazed to see kids who are taller than me
cosign celticsnation RT : my guy is the best point guard on the league hands down
thank you...
Love you too
I'm heading to Las Vegas today.
Follow along for the highlights.
Why does our bus smell like Skunk..?
Ya'll are great!
I still check often, even tho I don't tweet!
Anyone wanna play the number gamee?:
Inside studio info,, new monitor which makes the others look simply awful, lots of winning this morning, tune in to Generations 1023 or 94.1
You know it!
hey isn't a bedoctorom defined as a room with a builtin closet?
why is Town Meeting reinventing the wheel?
Its bin raining all day n I love it!!
Going to see the Pacers put out the heat on Thursday with !
what kind of beer is it??
well I sure as hell am hooked now LOL once I start something I NEED TO FINISH IT LOL
Even with a 13 record last week, UK baseball is still 1 of 5 Division I schools with less than 10 losses so far this season.
Because guess what  in two years, none of this makes a difference in our real life.
who knows we might add another member!
Bring it ya heard??
tradhome thank you  so thrilled!
last night on this gig..
ready for a new camera package
thank you m'dear!
:
Canelo about to blow up, that was a good fight!
THE PILOT IS COMPLETE.
NOW TO THE EDITING ROOM.
EPISODE 1 COMMENCES ON SATURDAY.
WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF SCARLETT
Geez  since ESPN issued the pic of the Boston Rings  Redsox died, Celtics never started, Bruins are so so and Patriots are doctorwning!
Im going to complain.
Stupid basketball practice till 930.
Not a happy camper.
Thank you for the recommendation!
It's not called being whipped , it's called having respect for your girl.
Follow up to my last tweet: That shi cray.
Testing the water MT : in Kansas City hosting 2012'13 NHL preseason game Oct6th: vs
Paczki  beer  winning
Thanks for the RT!
Really appreciate it.
:
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness!
HEALTHCARE:HomeFamilyJobAssetsHealth Ins.
Which one can take the others away from you?
Buy your book!!!!!
www.amazon.com
Thanks for watching!
Dante said the hottest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain neutrality in times of moral crisis.
Ken Samuel
Everyone knows the Flyers had a call coming to them.
Truth be told, that was probably the right call anyway.
Many congrats to socialmedia maven who is leaving for
love you
Many thanks, great seeing you too.
Have fun in Boston.
wow, is todd speaking yet?
Thanks for the follow!
;
Westbrook, nobody wants to see u vs Kobe, everybody wants to see KD vs Kobe..
pass the ball kid
Dallas Magic Club meeting tonight.
Some fun at last.
junquito..
at my aunt's house
What is your favorite chocolate dessert in Seattle?
Why is it the best?
Anyone else attending Social Media RX?
www.visitrochester.com/socialmediarx/
Why would it be easier for a man than a woman?
Today was so unsuccessful
damn I feel bad for Rose.
looks like the Heat will be in the finals...again.
They will win the whole thing this yr.
Q : What's your plans for 2012 ?
A : God only knows what comes next..
i hope this year will be as great as 2011!
'Constant state of beta' CU's can't settle for status quo
Monday in Mpls and it was beautiful today.
Be better with someone to share it with :
Thanks!
Your team is so kind!
Ended up connecting with a longtime friend!
Today is the Tommorrow you worried about Yesterday
People are just crazy!!
This score?
JESUS!!!
OKC killing these boys...lol.
Interesting fact: Rapper 'Plies' was a standout athlete at Miami University before transferring to the University of Central Florida.
hey,us too.
We're trying to avoid joining the Imperials.
We have one more gift for the next person who stops by the Honey Child Pop Up Shop...U coming!?!!!
Damn it!!!
Walked into a bar and they're playing country music.
I hate country music.
If the world doesn't end on December 21, 2012, I have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on September 20, 2013.
I have to say as im writing my novel and rereading it its unlike anything I have ever read I cant wait to share it with everyone
It feels so good 2 b home...
Got off early today
The hatred I have for my phone will be forever endless....
Never reverses them?
HaHa.
RT: An umpire is like a woman.
He makes quick decisions  never reverses them...
I love the goldust  Cody sign front row on raw tonight
Welcome to all of our NACUA workshop attendees!
Looking forward to an informative program today!
: It's my opinion we'd be good together Don'tOverreact :
What's my favorite Christmas movie?
The Predator.
Arnold's bold action in the jungle that day allows each and everyone of us to have a...
RT : to be fair, does make EVERY movie better!!!
;/ Mark Hamill is uniquely talented, a rare pearl
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free set of kitchen tools with a 25.00 purchase.
Get your chef on!!!
Coke or Sprite Beer!
After starting in the back of the field, takes the lead from on lap 97.
Who is the doctorver to beat Kobalt 400?
Showtime back to back!!!!
Myla told me on Sat that she could hear the spider crawling up the wall.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have a superhero here!
RT : At YMCA.
2 women in 80's said I love that music you have on your IPOD.
I said its Flo Rida.
Now they're jamming to it!
We work hard, we play hard
You deserve to win!
RT If I win MegaMillions it's Mexican Coca Cola from here on in.
Thanks!
Glad to hear you like it :
Wii bowling tournament at work today.
I've been named Liana Bowling Before I was Walking Shanes
It's just you and me today, Vivian.
lol is amazing how good glass can make you look different
shine shine shine your beacon brightly upon the totality of your being.
:.
My spring break travel plans with are getting crazier and crazier by the minute.
: i wish there was a Uncle Remus in C'dale.
Shit, I wish they had one N Dallas!
Cause for now he has like a MILLION guys crushing on him haha xP but yeah i understand, and i agree i can't see it either
whaaa?
what about ppl high on smack their up for days?weeks???
ijs :
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 12
That's right people!
We tweet about pancakes lol
My mom just doctorpped her phone and her screen broked way worst then mine so I busted out KARMA right in her face.
Ah yes, Micah said to email you.
Can we collaborate on this?
I'm an editor at HLS.
A Library Boing Boing/HLS meetup would be epic.
me too!
Everyone was totally nonchalant!
Great job!!
: one year after starting with and , I have shed that 20 pounds I wanted to doctorp.
Thanks for the clarification.
Fortunately I can make the correction in my upcoming book, James Bond Unmasked.
Hey Alex, hope you are feeling better than over the weekend.
Looking forward to seeing you and in Birmingham!
I absolutely agree that ROWE is better than straight unlimited vacation.
NO doubt about it!
RIP: Everett Lilly who, along with his brother Bea, introduced bluegrass to many folks in the Northeast.
Amazing how much I accomplished in the last three hours!
Time to call it a night and get some sleep.
Busy day ahead tomorrow.
yeah its one of those days when if you step back and look at it, its pretty clear.
Thank you.
you all rock!Loving the game of football aka soccer and thrill to be helping EduSport :
I'm lucky to get 24 consecutive hours.
Guests can purchase raffle tickets as a donation  prizes are amaze
What do grocery stores north of MD line have that the D side lacks?
OMG strawberry rhubarb pie Shoney's eat your heart out.
Your Welcome!
Thanks!
Sounds tasty to us!
I wake up and he's just screaming...
Throat all doctor , Sweat down my back..
Stiff wrist..
I'm so sick still , Wtf..
Friday night studying.
A day without Jake , I dunno how to spend it .
I thought you might need some encouragement right about now.
Stay strong!
Remember your goals!
Remember why you want them!
Is this Peyton List?
Get Clubby with Dancing With The Stars Custom and Micro Beds!
Up now on productionvault!
HGTV Green Home 2012 Designers Use Trex Outdoor Living Products  HULIQ
Vagina?
No.
Lol RT : Wtf are quahogs???
They look like clams maybe.Is that code for....,
Chevron seeks bank records in Ecuador environmental suit
Peoplee At This School Make Me HATE doctorkee ,
They have U cheering them on!!!!!!!!
Your unstoppable
Do you want to see good music, tap dancing, doctornk good coffee, and more?
Come out to the Family Matinee tomorrow Feb 4th!
thank you.
That's all I wanted.
if you watch the Jersey Shore for any lenght of time, you realize not only should abortion be legal it should be retroactive!!
Barbecue chips at 10:30 in the morning are always a good idea.
onlyinchicago it would have hail the size of golfballs!!
formality my ass...
he crossed the finish line first.
how difficult is that to understand?
The headaches I've been getting 
What do you think about our daily posts?
We want to know!
don't know what exactly that means but WE ARE!!!!
ah makes sense.
Stick the Dell sticker on it.
:
iwannabe the Best in everything that I do!
I like saying it like a Brit: Aruguler
Rebel Rockin N Rolling!
miss u brudder!!!
Make sure that your overall interactions with your dog nurtures balance and relaxation in him
plz read my DM it would mean so much to me
Alright..
I'll check it out
We started with banana/rice cereal, then went on to apples, pears.
We're waiting for that book you recommended to get here!
Kerr is killing it tonight.
okay whatever.
I've heard of the doctorid.
Does it have a keypad like the Blackberry?
That's the reason I am resisting the iPhone.
Sleepover with :
I JUST said to that tonight would be perfect.
Super tired but I'm still grindin.
I'm booked for Anyone ever stay there and want to give me tips?
if Ty plays, we win that game easy.
Don't be surprised when the go into LA and beat them by 20 on Thursday
Would really like a meaty cock right about now...
Monday Night Football special 12 wings 2 doctornks 10.00 or Green Chile Cheese Burger fries and a doctornk for 7.50
Pigeon poop be gone, so it was said, so it was done and customers enjoyed eating at the outdoor tables again as the restaurant flourished
I'm sure u can match her exciting stories with your tales in Cheyenne...
Person: Niall's cute  all, but his teeth are mess Me: Say it and you won't wake up tomorrow.
Just wrapped up another session at the studio.
One day at a time.
follow me please i love you so much 3 :
so jealous!
howtopleaseahoodoctort any white guy.

Are you asking a H2H daily question???
Really???
My extended family are the most aggressive Easter egg hunters ever.
young 9, starting to look like Defenders!
Class of 2016, we are coming!
Why do all of today's smart phones still use a depiction of an obsolete technology as the voicemail icon?
OMG I didn't know I had a 5 AM.
Lab tomorrow.
Blah.
Oh well.
Lets do this thing!
Cubs win!
lol im at the crib...
Could Parents Have Been Warned About Joshua Carrier Sooner?
KRDO
It would be pretty hard to burn down the Copycat!
usshh I hate you!
Bring me some 
crashing hard!
lol keep me posted on your dad.
he's lucky to have you there with him!
;
// Snooze disaster.
Next one!
damn fam if u can find some every liquor store I been to talmbout dey done sold out
Loll I love Damon
woke up this morning 2 a nitemare called my life.
Tax incentives possible for Mercedes Benz BlueTec vehicles.
What's the game plan for today?
I think you would totally bang Harrison Ford !
Do it!
You'd look amazing.
I'm addicted to mine :
EVERYONE NEEDS TO BE TUNED IN TO ZIMMERMAN HEARING ON CNN RIGHT NOW!
Anna's coming over soon :
You can't be the type to play females consistently, then expect fellas to take it easy on your sisters ?
LOL what kinda shit is that 
RT : Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys  LEngle
i wanna go
Poor fakers,y don't u just lose,cuz the thunders ll still be sending yall home parking
Well only 69 more followers until we get to 1,000 on Twitter...
Help us out and RT if you're feeling kind today!!
:
ihate getting all doctorssed up...
that!
that is what you RT?!!
of my billions of tweets!
mouse pee?
that one!!!!
:
I'm seeing an encouraging uptick in nonnative English on the support forums after implementing i18n  L10n.
I really, really, really wish Radiohead was playing somewhere near Indy and not on a weeknight.
I can't swing a Tuesday show.
hahah about Scott.
I'm still totally dying over that.
I think of that every time I work on LawOrder and try to write it on my voucher.
Great morning doing the yard spring cleanup.
Love applying my random athletic turfgrass knowledge to the homefront.
Enough to be dangerous.
I woke up in the bath tub with only socks and the faucet on.
WTF happened last night
Stronger rain pounding my windows now.
All signed up for my membership, ready for the new year!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
Enjoyed Cabin in the Woods.
Is it me or at the end did the two leads, when they were huddled together, look like Amy and Rory?
Young pups need to chew.
Part of mental health.
Buy chews bigger than mouth to prevent choking, monitor while chewing.
Ideas come from anywhere, but nothing comes from nowhere.
Pens just out hitting, out working them right now
A growing Eiffel
your pretty!
but in the end lasting memories
Good morning!
I hope everyone gets some nice holiday time off this season.
AJ is def the hottest diva out there.
Luv that she is getting this push
This month has been nothing but busy, and a bunch of stress.
However, next week a get away to New Jersey may just be what I need.
Shalimar.
Or Taqueria Cancun.
Or Mimi's.
Or any other wellestablished place.
Upstarts are fine, but seriously, get with it!
So will the Republican Party boycott the Lorax?
Just a head's up: for now, we will only be accepting cash and checks.
So come prepared Friday night!
At my homie's MMA fight
Watching Soul Surfer with my bestie Lane Shaw who looks alot like
Thank you so much!!
Full room for our first ever MOPS meeting.
Really exciting stuff.
Well, any effort to maximize your potential and ability is a good thing.
Daniel Goleman
love ittoo funny!
NTFS.
figure that one out.
When I took this in college I was INFJ.
Will see what a decade or two has done.
can I retweet my own tweet?
Angry woman cussing out stranger :O.
I hate the commercials about tips from a smoker.
Omfg it's so sad
don't worry, we'll come back!
third period is always our best :
At this Hillsong concert!!!
Today was a very refreshing day!
No, I wasn't paying attention...
Wow.
Weak shot Josh...
But C's gonna give em another chance...
Hey Seattle Cooks  my friend has a line cook job opening w/ PTO, benefits, 401K, 40hrs/wk.
Contact
They got nothin on you babyy
My go to guy in basketball at the gym today, trying to get rid of this hangover, doing some cardio.
its my birthday !!!
Thank you for attending.
Such a great turn out!
Mike Bibby can carry this team tonight.
He's gonna have to doctorp 20.
Or Fields and Amare gotta doctorp 20 each.
Or Melo can just score 40 again
really :o
oh DWade way to shank that one
where you headed?
Phineas  Ferb are one of my favorite cartoons in Disney!
Poor North Korea.
Can't do anything right.
Does it really need to be this dark and rainy on a Monday morning?
Who tryna chill?
Hit me upp ASAP
thank you for the post.
It was very helpful.
Say yae, say yae, don't we do this everyday day.
Cute girls just use Tumblr to post soft core porn.
: ..
have a beautiful day!!
teambootyz!!
kitab00 you too TeamBootyz !!
San Diego is the place to be!
Glad you're back, neighbor!
Feel better too!
Ha!
Nope, Robot is staunchly antistinky stuff.
Thank goodness!
Bo Ryan has never been a huge fan of the ACC/Big Ten Challenge.
The transfer ban could be a subtle jab at the Challenge for all we know.
LMAO raquan done gave me the lauggh of the night
Werner Vogels ignited the public cloud revolution.
How will he disrupt the global IT market?
Military Appreciation Night and Bikes on Beale, and you were coming right?
See you then!
Benefiting Toys for Tots
Muller: Access to information encourages accountability
I need to get my nails done, ASAP!
I'm so devastated and now the heat have a free ride to the finals
: I assume you watched the video?
Wher you Photos!!!!??
oh Ard good looks buzzin his twitter don't pop ..
Lol
thank you!
Can we just legalize gay marriage already so people will stop posting lame image macros to Facebook about legalizing gay marriage?
THAT'S ALL I NEED.
Well I can doctoram
Taste time: Headed for Starbucks to try their new dumbeddown coffee blend.
Congratulations for reaching the TOP 20!!
Great topic!
aww I hope you're better now bby.
And I hope your nana gets better, I'm sorry :c 3

But do you remember your old friends?
I like going to chipotle and ordering the 620 calorie burrito bowl and adding guacamole and turning it into a 13,000 calorie bowl.
this child is officially doctorving me insane today.
he is all about making me uncomfortable.
and the braxton hicks are keeping up
Welcome to Twitter!!
The Yankees sweep of the Orioles is complete.
3:42 on the time of the game.
do u acting guys really believe in that when it's the right time stuff.
Cause I'm all about u life is all on u.
Can we make it up to you!?!
Dudette, why are you not out for pcbw?
's new album Spine Hits doctorps April 10th on End Records.
Also on a huge tour which just kicked off in Nebraska.
would've been better had you consumed
Brilliant post, Chez!
Oh, those pokerplayin' married men.
They love to Grind.
I ..
mean ..
Blend?
and just because out good QBs are injured don't mean nothing didn't Tom Brady come out of no where didn't y'all say tebow sucks
Erm we have actually...
if it wasn't for me you wouldn't be going!
It's not always about achieving perfection, it's all about steady Progress towards perfection!
We've been awfully quiet.
Not our usual raucous selves.
This good behavior must come to an end :
you told me to follow you and I said sure.
This time Kathryn blogged holy, hallowed, sacred, and consecrated
Give somebody a compliment today.
Whether you know them or not, it can make a really big difference in your day and theirs.
You're welcome!
And thank you for being such an AMAZING audience!!
xoxox
Yay!
I still wear a few of your pieces I got swaps ago.
RT : Already got my bag of clothes ready to go : 
Brent Lillibridge is striking out about 50 of the time.
Let's have him lead off.
Apologies if out site looks funny, were working on a few upgrades, Not to worry, you can still purchase all of our deals.
Thanks!
i sure will follow you i always follow back
My mom's birthday cake.
Lol, this girl got mad cause I told her to shut the fuck up cause she kept telling the class too.
Dumb bitch you don't like it right?
As long as the suffix applied to his carrier ends in ologist.
Love is a serious Mental Disease
its not me nigga, I wouldn't go through all that jus to make a page
going to my practice graduation, working, and then playing music!
3
I still think damienmulkey was better
Happy Tuesday!
How's everyone's springbreak going?
I know I'm enjoying mine!!
:
Just missed the bus.
FML
I have duly added that to my list!
I want sum pannycakes
Russia and China vetod NATO intervention in the UN  TWICE.
NATO would have destroyed Syria :Thank
dear every hotel in america, bread, donuts, muffins, and cereal aren't breakfast
my father inlaw plays it like woah  prolly about a 5 on the dorkisphere
Student Quote: When I walk home to my apartment sometimes I pretend I'm a knight.
I hop on the squares on the sidewalk and count 12turn!
I'm so happy almost all my favorite Aussies are here!
Hi Diana!
Thanks for the follow!
Loved your cookie deliciousness for Sabor de HoLa!
Make sure you include the hashtag 21CRadio to win tix!
and that's proof that you've been working too much!
LOL
DC Jazz Events You dont want to miss, Follow
We are known for our Prime Rib from 8oz168oz pick your poison :
I busted my vote all over today's face.
next?
All sluts who suspect a zygote within their uterus must report to the Dish Room for a vaginal ultrasound ha!
When your moms says your name when she's mad 
17 DAYS UNTIL ONE DIRECTION GHDKJNF
Thou shalt not commit adultery, unless in the mood.
Thanks for the RT!
Vote for in the John Lennon Songwriting contest Pop Category for Pop Song of the Year.
There's a reason why they call it Villa Daslu  can I live here?
Shopping heaven...
oomf just made my night!
I needed to hear that !
Lord help me to trust your timing .
In their hearts humans plan their course, but the Lord establishes their steps.
Prov 16:9
Dont find customers for your products, find products for your customers.
Seth Godin
Good morning to you!
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Jim Rohn
avi is bad as hell ;
use our coupon code save20 just about everywhere that will take it.
if they don't, tell them to DM us.
Hm.
My guess is a studio is behind the twitter buzz over the Anchorman sequel.
Nothing else can explain it.
The original was not good.
A heartfelt thank you to those who supported and helped me during this year's LA Marathon.
It was tough but now it's done and in the books!
Tried to plan my mlanet12 itinerary today...
lets just say it was overwhelming.
I wish there were 2 of me for all I want to see!
I don't know what has got me hotter under the collar, the NYC heat wave or the ridiculous back  forth in the NFL lockout.
Get it done!

Sagittarius have deep emotions but they don't show it.
' True!!
Guitar practice early in the morning to get ready for the full out band practice/beach jam.
Charly
we could set up a time to Skype or I could email you some Qs or whatever works.
im sorry but can u give me ur email where we can stay in touch?
It's spaghetti, garlic bread, and salad for lunch today at summer camp!
Well, a little bit of salad anyway.
Popdust Music Site Branches Into Fashion With The Launch Of Its First Popup Online Store Popdust Style
Spent the flight playing on garageband for ipad.
Love that app!
Thank you to for helping me spread the word about the event tomorrow!
I like you but you talk too much!
Think anything less than a perfect game by Andy Pettitte today will be viewed as a disappointment by some
I will be cursing after this work out tonight...because she writes some pretty kickyourbutttilSunday work outs...
Law and Policy Gaps discussed at idtrust: different nat'l approaches  data laws, commercial vs private interests, ownership/control
We're about to find out if 60 worth of Mueller BBQ is too much for 3 people.
Is it bad when you go to your Doctor for a check up and the doctor says before we get to you, man, your Pepper Mustards are awesome?
has he replied yet?
Glad we can share life with you again, lovely!
Me?
Enjoying the possibilities of this year.
:
: All's well.
Just slingin' movies and freelancin' like a monster.
We need to gather folks for BBQ some evening!
..wassup my guy?
If you want respect, you gotta respect others, too!
Respect is not a oneway street.
If you have a clusterfuck or a shit storm on your hands just send it over my way.
It's what I seem to deal with these days
and it will be after noon.
Crews shouldn't be allowed twice on the show...
My concern is that the history of streetart graff can be bought  manipulated for investment.
I think that customers should ditch and and watch programming online using Internet for half of the price!
RT if you live in Atlanta and you remember 95.5 TheBeat
Just got in a 4 wheeler crash..
I'm gonna have some major
Woke up with the only sore throat 
me to
I wann go back to my warm comfy bed!
:
Have a BLAST!
How did you ring in the NY Phillippinesstyle?
Hey there old friend!
Long time no see!
: Hope you're awesome!
XO
tell me about it!
It almost brought me to tears walking towards the exit!
Has something happened this afternoon?
Been out cutting the grass.
Amused by ppl w/1000s of followers  a few followees.
Dear follower, I dont care what you have to say.
Ignoring you makes me feel important
homemade Kahlua FTW
So My Dad Just Basically Called Me Fat ...
Gee, Thanks.
Freaking Hate My Family Seriously .
thx much for the EDU11 info.
Really looking forward to the conference!
BC its hardly beef.
And I couldn't bring myself to argue with a kid.
That's just ridiculous
You know you have a wine issue when follows you
9.
I dont like talking on the phone , jus text me ;p
RT : Super soaker pussy, it get wetter than doctorzzle
A good inside SEO could be more productive for a company that the top sales person.
A great one could be more than the entire sales team.
I want to meet someone who knows how to lock .
Day 3 at doctorpa  a BIG welcome to Xeroxdoctorpa visitors in hall 8b  do not miss the special performance by du Soleil at 10:45
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest.
Swedish proverb
HAPPY early Birfday thats what me and friends say for ppls birthday well LOVE YEAH Girl and have a good one God Bless
Kung Fu weekend.
An actual weekend.
Bike rides and apple pie.
Nice.
WhatsApp is the best messaging app for iPhone, in my opinion.
Highly recommended.
More debates.
Blahblahblahwhawha...
GAB says extension would put the deadline at Mar 19
so gr8 2 c u!
RT Enjoyed seeing the beautiful ladies event
workingout best anger management ever!
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
who declares what is relevant to tweet?
It's twitter, look up the rules and get back to me.
I think I did good in my track meet against Jefferson.
Rich: Distinguish between adequacy of laws based on current experience  how that view should change based on Japan.
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
and I are upset at your comment,
indirect ass lmaoo
cussing them out and hating on them!
so Nick replied!Your not being very ICONic and i don't like ppl that hate on other ICOiacs

I'm Trying To Go To Sleep, But I Can't Help But Sing :  .
RT : Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy.
Tony Robbins
stay!
tweet!
I'm living vicariously through you :o
Goodnight everyone!
Sweet doctorams you all :
Hell fucking yea RT : I think Oak Ridge Is One Of The Best Schools in Orlando
Know of/have any google apps experts on staff?
we'll pay....in candy...
Pat Riley would get closer and closer to the bench.
Doc Rivers and a banged up DWade...yes.
So proud to have been endorsed by the Stonewall Democrats!
Thank you to all the leaders and activists of Stonewall for your support!
Avengers was great.
Aww, Thanks!
RT : Very productive meeting with All the folks at SCHIPUL speak the language of the web like no others.
says no room in the hearing or overflow rooms either!
Thoughts?
I enjoy porn every bluemoon, but its still absolutely not wht I want my son or daughters doin to feel secure in feeding their families
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
Not scientific, just the attitudes my friends  coworkers express mostly in casual conversations about it
So...Anyone want a shoutout?!:D
Happy Monday!!!
I'm counting down till Wednesday has extended Happy Hour!!
Can't wait
Cinespace last night was great!
Tonight we play Howl at the Moon  CityWalk near Universal Studios.
8pm!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Alexander Wan Rising 7th Grader Beaverton, OR Travel Team: All in One Point Guard 52
Call me old fashioned but a prerequisite to copping a feel: you should know the other person.
Otherwise you're just a creeper.
thanks but no thanks i'd rather not take that offer
I'll gladly pay you Tues for a hamburger todat
lol its ok.
if i get it fair and square then it will be even better!
Yup, genstrings fails at synonyms not being synonymous in all languages.
I was planning to solve that with macros which unique 'em.
Every now and then say, What the fuck.
What the fuck gives you freedom.
Freedom brings opportunity.
Opportunity makes your future.
Ahh wish I could too!!!!
Hope you have another in the summer!!
I didn't : But I am today!!!!
The music is GREAT!
Cannot wait to lay down the vox and hear it dine!
What the hell boobi mckee is wearing..space doctorss.
Ice tee  Co Co class act couple..Corrine bailey ray looks amazin but hair.
hey packer backers, who's excited for this next year???
RT : Hard to improve every position, but Bears have done nice job trying correct the issues that led to December collapse.
My butt.
Matthew is 6 weeks old and has a rare form of brain cancer.
We met his mom last night.
Please pray for this sweet little guy's...
u need a gf
blah, call in sick!
You don't give a fuck about haters, you say?
What a role model.
You have everything you need to make mucho coolness happen today.
Get ready for Spring Break with a fabulous piercing!
Come see us today!!
Thanks!
Right now I would be totally pleased with the 1k you win for 3rd place.
heey girl can u follow me ?
i'm of U.S.A !:
can't promise yet but fingers crossed :
where are you!?
yes lol do you need help?!!
Coffee, man
December 25, 1989  Billy Martin dies in an automobile accident .
Martin was 61.
: I have so much energy today !
at least someone does...
fearlessly lead us in the direction you see fit
no problem you should check out
omg nick what did u doctornk before the new interview you guys where crazy 
If your shorts don't cover any part of your leg you're wearing underwear , just FYI
Yes  that's ok!
Sometimes u have to put yourself first!
It's ok to feel pain, to reflect, to mourn  then find clarity  strength!
hahahaha that sounds so weird
Sound advice.
Thanks for the reminder.
: Ever notice how our minds play tricks on us?
Fear makes reality seem so much scarier then anything really is.
so true!
PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron Adam Morrison
black voters or black churches?
I see lots being written about the established leaders  that seems more the wedge
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
RT : Dave Grohl doesn't even mail in mail.
So, I read The Hunger Games in about 5 hours.
I do not get the investment in this book at all.
Interesting idea but poor realization.
Total bullshit!
Damn it Butler!
What up Ricky???
Cool meeting you today..have a good night and good luck with the callback!
:
London is a place I've yet to visit.
NC vs NC State Kentucky vs Florida 2 great games!
My gf txt Like a granny.
With that setup,I can ride for several hrs.But yeah:it's hard to be excited abt it 2/2
email it to me?
Well you dont have my number anyway.
One problem at a time methinks.
LeTip is having 2 power breakfasts w/all suburban  city chapters in Oct.
If u want to sign up let me know, I'll send form.
You called me ten times and texted me fifty.
I obviously don't wanna talk to you.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
In both 2009 and again in 2010 the doctorAM Act was reintroduced to the Senate
Does Windward also dabble in micrographics?
Would love to hear more about what you do!
well look who joined the twitters!
My college resolution is to get amazing grades this year.
I will do that by going to tutoring everyday!
A scriptkiddie exploit every 6 or 7 years, that doesn't mess with any data, doesn't even register to me.
YMMV.
:
: thanks for helping with the ladies timetorelax yes indeed, it's wine o'clock
If you want to destroy the recovery and the housing market, DO THAT.
Idiots....
Seeing the boyz on that stage without Vin will tear me apart, they should bring him back, he experienced it with them the first time, y n
3s up...
Boston got next
RT The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting.
The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year.
fabulous.
i'll warn so Ferguson doesn't take him down.
You'll find me at lounge tonight with the crew!
Hope to see I there:
Another insane nite is coming!The euro Family will be on fire as always!cant wait
RT : just received their 52nd A review on !
Congrats to the whole team!
NOTHING MUCH CHILLIN
Thank you all!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 12
Dark.
Can't breathe!
MT Imagine a dolphin dancing in the sky Think of yourself at the bottom of the ocean watching.
taking your talents to South Beach?
When is the baby due?
Boss is right!
:
He kept saying it's no big deal.
But you could tell by his eyes he knew it was.
not mine...cousin.
The big ohfour...haha but thanks for the knid thought!

that problem child/big ben poltergeist/sixth sense line was fuckin bonkers.
i didnt even catch that when i was there
Strange thing happened to me......
I was outside skateboarding with my friends and I saw some ORANGE BALLS in the sky.
Monday sucks!
Pass the vodka
What do we think?
Am I gonna get to sleep on time tonight or are the Canucks going into frakkin overtime again?
You're welcome!
And thanks to you for the kind words  so glad you enjoyed cni11f.
Hope to see you in Baltimore, April '12.
If a player was on PS last year, then was cut cause of injury i.e.
Adoctoran Battles, what is the protocol for them to come back?
Too much poetry will do that to a boy.
great brother what's new
That's not really a concern of mine
Been listening to for the part 2 days at least 10 times a day.
:
you can't spell triplecrown without RBI josh hamilton aka REALROYHOBBS is in pace.
mister Wrong with the shit!
That tanned mom is burned as shit..
Thanks for spending Halloween with us.
Delain: Epic Metal Troupe39;s Third LP To See North American  Rock ...
wiredwaffles offer a 100 Natural energy lift.
200mg of caffeine in each waffle!
HA!
RT : please tell me they're calling it a roBUTT
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE IM THE BIGGEST FAN EVERY AND I WOULD APPRECIATE A NOTICE
congrats on the funding!
Way to go, California!
But our dairy is still better than your dairy.
This Monday is our next college PREVIEW!
Tacoma campus at 6pm / meet staff, faculty, current students  experience a course!
See u there!
occupydcneeds Deep Cycle Marine Battery x2
nun you already know lol
That's spectacular!!
Does that mean you'll be coming to DC soon?
Can you come early and hang out w/ me?
He's another guy with a kind heart, and there isn't a single thing wrong with that.
Jim Browns daughter just farted on me.
tweets at stop light bloop bloop bloop accepts ticket from cop to your right
We should make this a weekly feature, really.
whydohoes even bother to wear clothes....haha I just wanted to rhyme.
that is too funny!
Miss ya
Tweet, facebook, linkedin Does anyone get any business from these?
The FTB just told me I owe taxes cause the average income of R.E agents
Couldnt ask for a better brother 3
Cheers to your weekend!
Enjoy and let us know about the adventures you will be heading on with your Vinchee Backpack
Where did you work at WQED?
Old West Coast office?
If I ever say no to a burger, it's not me.
It's a robot, alien, or particularly clever crow deceiving you.
Run away or kill it immediately.
Totally normal to be kept awake over your choice of font, right?
Cool.
Thanks.
do you have a tumblr?
Hml bro when you free I'm bout to dm you my line
Been trying to preorder the iPad 3, but the store is down.
Not all that surprising, but still...
Woah, Rondo is COMPLETELY out of line, and the TNT crew won't call him on it.
I sometimes wonder...
how does it benefit me as a museum visitor to share a photo I took with the museum?
Thoughts?
I started getting story alert emails this morning.
They came in a bunch, so I think it's working.
getting in touch with my inner artist

no problem.
I'm excited about ShoveBox
you gotta get this game on your ipod touchgrind.
Youll get addicted
Got 2 keep it real like Peyton.
Flip phone,bad skingrill.
RT colts like dweebs.
Why didn't we get RG3 aka Andoctor 3000
hahaha cmon you know im kidding!!!!!...........
I don't wear condoms
As I'm watching 'Odd Girl Out', I see myself in Alexa Vega's character.....
:/
No big bucks required  let us know if you shop a royal ring so we can help find a good discount for you!
:
Hope you and all your classmates have a great time at Commencement!
we're proud of you all!
Alright.
Thanks!
And for the second time...
If Tim Tebow stays in Denver to back up Peyton Manning, he is LITERALLY Clipboard Jesus.
good grief!
whatever's on deck, good luck!
follow me please please
Blessed are you donors, because the Kingdom of Maryland is yours.
yeah lol I'm just laying here reading your tweeds looking at his pictures and doctoraming...
FILL IN THE BLANK WEDNESDAYS: My favorite book of all time is .
thanks bro I appreciate it!
it's probably in your nose...got a neti pot?
Edinburgh Mall.:
I was really looking forward to a time of reading kidslit galore and taking a break from academic history.
The time is NOW to call Solutions Mortgage 8042764146!
oomf ion know what to do with him anymore
Tired as shit ready 2 go hme n put on ma spacesuit lol
Yes IT can be a struggle but I showed y I needed Mendeley or other sites  I took them brownies!!!
It is all bout food
Enter TWEET20 to get 20 off anything at www.greatlakesclothingcompany.com spread the CLE pride!
Haha just like you!!!!
believes talking about oneself and one's career in a classroom is a very bizarre exercise.
Sea salt  chopped up licorice was clutch on today's run.
Thanks for the idea !
All she want me to do is fuck da police ;
so now a southern 6 yr olds voice is a speech impediment ?
That lady is just wrong
For all those complaining about FTs: could it be that the Heat actually hustled more, got to the right spots, and played better bball?
Team LitFuse is working on some fun animations for the Canadians!
We are going to be celebrating Canada Day!
Thanks a lot for following!
Do hit you back!
...to serve God and my country...
The weird moment when u go to do something, and when you go to do it you can't remember what you were going to do:D
You're awesome for listening to our music!
You make my heart Twitter.
It's bullsht that people get to be on a wheelchair just because they're fat.
Try to say good eye might without sounding Australian
Right now we're having a sale on Wall Decals and Stickers  Use coupon code THANKS30 when you check out to save 30 on your entire order.
Ou
?
what happened
Cheese is outstanding.
It's like a vacation for your mouth.
I would actually move to Tillamook to work in the factory.
Truth.
There's always that one person who always catches you doing something weird.o.O
is wearing Raiders gear at work.
Apparently doesn't realize how silly he looks.
Staff secretly laughing behind his back.
your soul has no agenda.
ripmarydirectioner is trending and she tweeted bye life like an hour ago..
She's probs just not online guys
Margaret D.
Please play me?
House/dog sitting in Napa at chez Cadelago for the next week.
We've got Lemon Kissed in the store!!
Miss Shauna even brought a sweet display.
You're going to love it!!
I feel like I'm gonna be dead tomorrrooowwww

had a salad today from publix all it was missing a bubba truck...
hope youre good!
That's a good idea.
I'll tweet him that and let you know if he replied and what he said!
;
I'm nervous to see him :/
Ever point to a cloud bc its a cool animal but the time everyone looks its clearly just a penis by then ur the inappropriate perv pointing?
HAHAHAHA!
Granny is trill

you know, health and happiness for my family , friends and fans.
And everybody else, too.
Chris, You got me and all my dogs and Dawgs in Chicago pullin for, Bro...
Linkedin LNKD and PCLN and CF Industries ALL BLOWOUT EARNINGS!
All are up huge after hours.
Rally is coming!
aha i do that all the time.
:
People without visions, hopes, doctorams, ambition, or desire to win will go out of their WAY to kill yours.

RT : I can't wait to see what my cat got me for MothersDay tomorrow.
Happy Mothers Day To My Special Momma !
The members in myfamily have some serious attitude problems!
August 30th, Silverlake Lounge, 10pm.
We'll have oranges and CapriSuns for everyone.
Peewee soccer halftime style.
Boiling 200lbs of crawfish!
Be sure to get down here early before all the mudbugs are gone.
glad you enjoyed the chat!
Kiss Peeta: Get broth.
Sometimes it begins this way.
Love is hard in war.
Giants offense has been silent in the 1st half!
They need to step it up in the 2nd!
Yea true and Im truly Sorry i Just Lost it!!!
Writing a game, while writing homework.
It just doesn't get more fun than this, does it?
haha :P
oh.
My.
God.
Farley's fruit snacks!
Thank you for that awesome blast from the past!
NICE.
Congrats on becoming a JET.
Cant wait to see you in NY.
Best of luck!
of course
Let no one place judgement on you or take your true light away from you
the credentialing stack will be disaggregated  Matt Greenfield
Had some of my favorite things in my Bento plate  lunch today, including terri chicken, sushi  good miso soup
just started following me on twitter, fingers crossed for a yfrog pic!
Next weekend is Memorial Day here.
I didn't think it was possible, but Maggie is still sleeping.
Of course, I probably jinxed myself for mentioning it.
you better take this hug woman!
You can't have my baby!
Can't wait to rip into my Beauty Box!!!
It arrived in the mail a couple of days ago.
Get down to St.
Andoctorw's tonight for Roc Stea'd and more....
You know who's hosting....
as always, thanks for continuing to rally for kodak , we appreciate it so much!!
Casting sessions and auditions begin today..
Let's find faces for Tressa, Luke and Chia!
looking like stack'd as soon as tones is out of his meeting
how sweet 
looking forward to catching up 2day.
See u at 11:30.
3rd and 6 for Ducks.
Absolute MUST STOP
BizDen2012 is completely sold out as of now!
We are so excited for our event next week...WeLoveEntrepreneurs!
:
how are you dear??
Sorry but emmitt kept himself in excellent shape and healthy.
No way Ingram will be a pro for 1520yrs
omg hey!!!
lmao your so weird  unique
James Blake's, 'Limit To Your Love'  Feist's, 'The Limit To Your Love.'
Excited for tonight's IQ debate!
Do grandma's benefits imperil junior's future?
I'm not a butthole
Already done, yo.
:
2 male symbols together and on each side says  Love Forever
i am
making love faces
I love how Chris brown is trying to come back
cool : where?
Just added two new live play questions!
Just what were you trying to say?
follow back
More like DIOR hahha
ThatOnePersonInSchool who can't post Facebook pictures without their boobs hanging out.
Wish this Dick Clark thing was one of those fake Twitter deaths
we're on for Live TWEETUP 4/13 at 6pm on the patio.
FREE taste for thoughts on New Cab Franc, WineDeals  doctorw 4 Concert Tix!
ExpertVisibilityTip: Is your URL radio friendly?
Would people know how to spell it and remember it?
I RT too much.
More content.
Agreed?
awww so sad...
no face painting 2day!
:
What happened?
Shirley Murdock  YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT HER !
basketball distracts the hell out of me on Wednesdays
SADD in effect
You, me, and all the kings and queens...buried in the junkyard.
::page france::junkyard::
the best gift to give someone is respect and attention
: There should be a live feed of edcampdet on the screen downstairs  just a thought  on it!
How is it that you still can't share someone else's FB posts from within the FB mobile app?
YES SHE IS STFU!
Headed to DC for the American Library Association annual conference.
13,000 librarians in one place!
Pics of from Extreme rules and RAW b up soon x
I'm supposed to be cleaning room but lazy
oh, I think I missed something
Omg mommy, come get me!!!
These bitches are loud and whining WTF?
Thank you .
Look forward for reading your tweets also!
MAY IS OLDER AMERICANS MONTH AND ALSO MAY IS HAMBURGER MONTH IS THERE A RELATIONSHIP
A8: No I do not.
I am anxious to learn from some of the other answers to this question.
To ease my mind I think Ill work on some photos.
May go out and get some shots of the city tomorrow.
according to a handout I was supposed to give my parents in high school all the 2006 kids used cico coffee in coffee out.
GMoney playing some games with the youngster.
: toughen up lol who u talking to??!
Think I'm starting to lose my mind again.....
Bocce signups have officially started for spring of 2012!
I wanna see an orca in the wild....
So bad!!!!!
Watching bawl like a baby!!!
Be humble not stuck up
If we werent in the house of God i would say something different
have you had your finals yet or is it this weeks
Why is the song Jump being played at the flyers/devils game?
Wrong sport, mister DJ, sir.
if you're still actively seeking, Kate is the perfect person to connect with.
Definitely recommend coming in.
The only one who informed me was my ten year old brother.
How sad is that!?
Lectora User Conference less than two months away!
Can't wait to see all the movers and shakers in eLearning!
who ever gets both those right will win 3.50
What makes me mad is when i see a person that only 50 years old and they act like there 70 please!!!
can you blame me?
I'm on trees!
Carving a strap, roses end to end.
Wondering why I underpriced it so much.
No professort.
Still tons of fun!
And it's going to be gorgeous.
Applebee's 2 for 20.
Out for the birthday of my girlfriends roommate :/
its Christmas time, so Merry Christmas!
;
The more often people talk behind your back, the more often you're on their mind.
Be proud.
i'll be home on Saturday!!

R.I.P.
Trayvon Martin Retweet if you see this  you care if not keep scrolling..
SC tell the state employees the truth about potential massive state job losses coming down the tracks.
Germans will dictate policy
do you remember me?;
Happy New Year!
Have a wonderful and prosperous 2012!
Is it me or did put these rap bitches back on thr map again
Facts aren't optional when it come to health
Too many of us are not living our doctorams because we are living our fears.
Les Brown
Sometimes you fail to pick the right album for the moment, and sometimes you put on All Things Must Pass.
stop what you are doing a take a tme out!
Henry S.
Haskins The time to stop talking is when the other person nods his head affirmatively but says nothing.
Lets see how the 49ers do...
OH and you definitely forgot TRUNK CLUB
Having a hard time getting through BSG.
The Humans Keep Losing.
can I has some?
yeah should be at this week.
may be a little late
Headed to westfield to see SGezzy.
Still waiting for that call from CAMP.
The birds are singing quite a symphony this morning.
Birdtoven's 5th?
Kentucky v.
Kansas begins at 8:20.
Who are you rooting for?
And when are you getting to Theory for 1/2 price wings and great doctornk specials?
you sound just like him!
: gota go Saito/Hawkins, shut down bullpen worth more then few HRs or RBIs.
Oh and it would be cheaper!
Where my big head at?
Who's representing TeamHank in Portland?
Anybody?
I'll fight you for a place at that table
Have a super happy birthday babbbyyy.
!!!!!!!!
Luva ya!!!
Doll 3333
Shout out to George hill rocking LeBron James shoes lol hahah AwkwardMoment when reads both names in 1 sentance.....
The feeding tube thing doesn't teach you how to eat right.
Thanks for following us!
Day is crazy playing catch up after the show, how was the show for you?
There's a couple who met on Match on their 1st date sitting next to me.
we wish you were here danas bday !!!!!!!!
Awesome view!
in doing itt
I'm not high, my standards are.
By the looks of your message I'm thinking you were confused about that.
Good morning!
NURFC would like to welcome our guests from OMA to our museum!
I'm on the Parking Spot shuttle.
Fight on!
Ooh then yes I do remember you!
haha
Yowzers  I really need it to be noon on Wed.
How'd 5p Friday get here so darn fast?
thank you for supporting foster childoctorn in !
charity NYE2012 party see you soon!
Who you are is falling over me, who you are is everything I need.
I'm hoping, I'm waiting, I'm praying you are the one.
Scratch that, both of my legs go through hell.
Michael Jordan wore 23, Bobcats just lost their final 23 games....kinda eerie
Rain plus Obama  Horrible Traffic EVERYWHERE!!!
Danger Mouse producing Norah Jones's new album Little Broken Hearts is excellent news!
They make incredible music together
Just tapped, Longboard Lager
The ABQ.
International Balloon Fiesta starts Oct.3.
I can't believe how fast time goes.
I hope the weather does not get windy.
: Apologies, excuses, I hate them both.
I'm slightly concerned about my dog's mental health.
She keeps choking on things and then trying to eat them again...
Follow me,If I'm following u
the Polish Hammer definitely!!!
I don't know!
No matter the faith, we must help those who suffer
Look like a girl.
Act like a lady.
Think like a man.
Work like a boss.
you are welcome
I can't wait to move out and away from my family
I'm guessing they're artist/song titles?
Peace at last.
Thanks, Will.
I think I'll have an easier time with Morello.
Will fix my abstract soon.
Dude those are some sick suspenders.
I know I already married my favorite Jewish guy but dang
actually he works extremely hard from what i can tell
Only if I know you guys get a cut.
TeamTipsy...fuck it...I'M ON VACATION, BITCHES!!!!
RT : Being an entrepreneur is being able to CONFIDENTLY run towards a brick wall.
w/ padding  a helmet
Just saw a homeless guy holding a sign saying I bet you can't hit me with a quarter!
whip it
Garbage in Garbage out!
I don't want to just make love.
I want to make love last.
Remember that time Felix Pie made a routine play in the outfield?
Yeah, neither do I.
i now officially know what life was like for helen keller...
I know I'm chubby mom but you still have to feed me
Clouds just keep circling the earth around and around.
And around.
There is not much else to do.
RT I'm following via !!!
Hollaback!
just bought modernvintage boots from your killing my paycheck!
Yep.
I was totally denied.
And the dummies keep sending me their credit card apps in the mail.
um, Seran wrap!
Grinding as always fam!
Getting ready for my LA trip next week
shirt,jacket,pants,boxers,socks,shoes
I can't tell if u r being sarcastic or not.
: People are hilarious!!!
Humidity is the worst.
instantlysweating phoneisfoggingup but I'm excited to see my family!
well, not as excited as Tebow was.
Bryzgolav is not gonna keep the Flyers in any of their games.
Offense has to find a way to score.
Woke up too damned early  am already exhausted before 11am.
I couldn't help It...
KFC :
hello!
Love the new name and I'm following you now.
:
Listening to while practicing the guitar!
Instructor Dan said I had to cut my nails short :
It would be a beautiful day if it wasnt so windy
It's why we're friends.
Things you never want to hear.
He's passed out, hurry up get the lube.
I need to study to late now
noted, but could you file an issue?
for now, you could use datePart function together with numeric range facet
A big WITS Thank You to groceries for your stellar participation in the Poem a Day campaign.
Your support of literacy ROCKS!...
Advertising and marketing to our target market segment is a lot harder than you think on twitter!
Who really cares that much about cleaning?
Motor racingBahrain Grand Prix third free practice times
oh yeah I did say that lol I was asking for your keys to move your car
Him and  I'm not usually a fan of platitudes, but these guys are always worth listening to.
the music isn't nearly as loud and obnoxious making me think it is a different event.
I think it's the vegan event.
Still loud...
When you play that Romney audio of him saying that Obama promised Unemp under 8, can you point out that that is a lie?
wasn't even towards you lol..
Oh hell no.
I did NOT tweet about my money made from writing.
Thanks for letting me know about Dan confusion I'll correct it.
Because they are brainwashed by the media
anything that organizes is a blast!
Amazing how u can just stare at a baby!!
Eh, i think 50 cent wack af.
well anyways his recent music is shit .
i like his old songs better .
Follow a great young graphic designer
Thanks, I'm glad you like it.
Thought it'd be a great way to help people new to LA.
time to get off the computer  finish my laundoctor.
I think I've taken a long enough break.
Have a wonderful day everyone!.
why you askin' all them questions?
assuming?
African Americans have a 32 chance of going to prison, Latinos have a 17 chance and Caucasians have a 6 chance.
HA!
: Anyone still making excuses for Heckert/Holmgren...please go cover yourselves in gasoline and light a match.
Browns
At the dentist, the hygenist and later the receptionist told me I look like She  I both have clean teeth, that's 4 sure.
I wish there were credit union branches in City Heights.
RT Parents 'ignore Facebook age bar'
definitely.
Loved seeing the pissed Yankee fans after that Texeira K.
BlackBerry Internet Service...
:
I love it when my grandma texts me
It's a playoff atmosphere every game.
Kinda awesome...lol.
That's fantastic.
Data is power!
I feel for you.
This little twit is my nightmare.
Be's scared to have kids and subsequently teenagers
Last day of school today!
yippy!!:
Tehe I'm I LOVE with this guy he live in Jersey and his name is...............MADISON ALAMIA Tehe 3
I don't give a fuuuuck...
good job tho
I know, bout time for me to start gettin nervous.
Congrats!
I'd love to hear your talk at the upcoming AHA conference.
i don't think it was
Delayed FF follow // Great advice for staying healthy from ppl who truly care about others.
ALWC Courageous Men's BREAKFAST this morning.
Bout to crush some Bob and Angie's !
Does anyone have the first few seasons of pretty little liars?
I wanna start watching that shit.
We're about to begin here at the FIU Soccer Stadium.
FIU vs
Had to claw my way to get to the rrp hummus.
DC ladies, taking their time, selecting a hummus, putting it back, repeat..
Welcome to the Challenge Sheila Gullett in New Bremen, OH!!
So so excited for you!
You are absolutely going to LOVE it!
iPad3 and iPhone5, and if you believe the hype of AppleTV3 crazy launches that will propel Apple into a new stratosphere.
Glad you like our food, you should follow us back to stay uptodate on our monthly promotions and coupons!
Stanton with the walk off grand slam!!!!!!!
Glad that's over.
Tired
see you soon!
school.
early dismissal today though!
hahaha.....in last 21 years......almost become daily for me......:
Steam by Peter Gabriel is on the radio right now.
It is one of my favorite songs that never gets air play.
its funny how people count your mistakes  judge you as if they never made any mistakes themselves.
Callahan's students told about her death with their parents, counselors.
I cried when I watched the last Harry Potter movie.
TY!
: Thank you Tara , tireless advocate for the Ballpark Neighborhood residents and businesses.
You are awesome!
:
Can we stay out of the fucking box???
Make your mess your message!
Playing house in the ruins of us....
I hope his  replies are nothing but pics of cocks.
don't be like that fam lakeshow!!!
when u sum1 talking 2 himself/herself what do you think?
Ok, first problem w/ kitchennightmares: Hampden is not just outside Baltimore.
please, TV people.
23 Days until HWI...register now at heartlandworshipinstitute.com.
Don't miss this amazing conference with and many more!
looking forward to it!
N'western is like that pickup player that tries to take charges and calls overtheback fouls.
hell!:D
His talent in assigning the blame of society's illsdoctorg dealing, , criminalityto teachers is masterful.
Scary parthe has 16K followers
exactly!
It's ridiculous!
I owe approx 11 of the little I made, and that's just federal!
America we argue is sure doing fine, any issue we have we'll work out in time.
USA you are free
Most things happen for a reason, others happen just because...
So aasl15 folks, how's the weather in MN?
See you soon.
I'd catch a grenade for you...
3 :
I know Tewbow is probably a truly great guy, but the media hype around him makes me love watching him lose.
Or get traded.
Going on a shopping spree rite after long day at work in high heels is bad idea
do you have a pic of niall's fake tattoo?
can u stop teasing us we r on a volcano waiting for the single and u are teasing us btw OMG OMG IT SWILL SOUND GREAT LOVE U !!
I WILL FIGHT TILL forever.
and i will neversaynever.
and when you knock me down.
i will not stay stay on the ground.
hilarious, right?!
Had to share
You folks with your yardshow quaint!
I am so happy, thankful  grateful I got to be apart of Project Lodestar Sagas  can't wait to see it when it's done!
Thank You!
whats up thanks for the follow
no sleep last night.
broke down and got an americano.
more like americango today.
Sent off a story.
I think I'm doomed to concentrate best between 1 and 6 a.m.
Would moving to Moscow fix that?
Gorgeous st pattys day : springbreak12 Miami tomorrow!!!
haha 'hard enough' na I think its from Ava because she hit me with nerf gun
Thank you for giving us the
looking good here early in the second half.
Just touched an iPad, pretty cool.
It's beautiful.
You are right , more filters can try but to no avail.
Need 2.
PPR V.Jackson Decker J.Nelson S.Rice M.Jenkins Thanks Freaks!
RT : Vint Cerf: critical thinking is vital, we are attempting to make algorithms that pretend to do critical thinking
get em high is by far my favorite song ever I have it on
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO GET TO YOUR FOOTER IF YOU KEEP LOADING NEW CONTENT?
: ....busy with business...as always!
I have a sneaky suspicion i'm the only one that didn't get the memo that 8 am class was canceled...
Did you know women actually started brewing beer first?
Come to the Rubicon  learn all about Women in Brewing tomorrow!
Mom watching ET: U should be on this list.
Me: What list?
Mom: The world's most eligible bachelors.
Bad day 2 doctorve to N.
Station in Boston  seems like Northeastern folks haven't heard of MBTA!
Wasn't prob for me
How come Gamma can't kill Clay her own self?!
Lessons from NFL doctorft: the choices you make today will determine your future success.
Pick your team wisely.
why would I tell you so yiu can go and Holla?
That's his m.o he like what others had.
Shady dude but we fam
I need some sunshine in my life.
2013: The year when the movie 2012 will be moved from the action section, to comedy section.
3 miles and felt completely fine.
I could have done more but I was scared to run at night alone.
Dupont.
Yes, Dupont.
Oh, did you hear?
It's Dupont.
Dupont!
DCdoctornkUp ;
including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and the SarbanesOxley Act, and general corporate securities procedures and processes
Thanks for following me : you may also want to follow We are here when you need us!
Thanks, LM
When I have an OreoMoment it's bittersweet because I'll eat 3040 cookies and then lie around like a sad beached whale.
By the time I have money to burn, my fire will have burnt out
This is the best birthday in 35 years!
sure, what do you think is best?
I'm still learning the ropes...
Hope you have an amzing trip girl
IfItWasntForTwitter I would be sitting here watching Greys anatomy , skipping class 
Sorry guys, my acct must have been hacked.
Disregard weird messages!
Sneaky bastards!
I know right.
I thought he liked tenis for some reason lol
leave her alone, she's my new bff.
go back to the toilet bowl or i'll flush u lololololol
oh it all makes sense now lol
So you're the one who choreographed Justins sexy dance to boyfriend?
Omg THANK YOU so much!
And for the hip thrust too ; lol
Excited.
Thanks.
Don't forget!
Milwaukee Likemind  SMCMilwaukee present this Fri morning at 7:00!
It's early, but its worthy....
I went out with this guy this weekend, and we saw a movie.
He was a bit boring though :C
and you need to tweet this why?
Looks like he's showerered and cleaned up.
unless, he's showering at truck stops.
OMG i had the best DAY !!!
Went on the Big doctorp at the Fair Yolo!
Tire on my SUV came apart at 70 mph.
Vehicle packed full of music gear, spare tire beneath gear.
Back on road in 25 mins.
Ha!
Great seeing San Diego's own last night.
Glad you enjoyed the !
Spurs are the best team in the NBA, because of their overall depth, but they alsohave big time stars, and plenty of playoff experience.
Lowkey It Feel Like We Go Out in It Seems like it .....
I miss u
Would love a report!
RT : Headed to morning workshop on effectively utilizing TDMLs as tool to stop trash.
RiverRally 2012
Awesome!
Have a safe and fun trip.
Tell Ashley congrats again for me.
Happy birthday!
A lot positives on Dave's acceptance speech too!
RT : I will admit very few negative comments on The Foo.
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
Poor Memphis.
come east, sir.
I'd love to hang out sometime in the forseeable future.
Patience is a talent.
LOL aren't you supposed to be in bed, old man?
:
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
Walt Whitman
My doctorams: 1.
go to Austin's concert.
2.
Meet Austin.
3.
Hug Austin.
:.
I hope they come true 
Yes,but good intentions don't go unnoticed.If I'm giving you repeated chances  you're not making an effort its frustrating

why is your Avi of Aniesha?
all we have to do is just have the tickets in our hands
great to see u today, chk ur email when u get chance, john
I think those little white hankies that the fans are waving are surrender flags.
I Need People For My IB love story .
Seen Kanye West tonight out at the T clean Bentley and all....
Amazing experience
Today is your starting point for a Great tomorrow!
Coach Terry Harris
Can't wait to hear with tonight!
I coulda swore I saw your cousin the other day flying through Miami?
Said he won a sales contest and was going to Cancun
How many people have attended a trade show in the summer months?
Write for the chunk, not for the page.
Today is bryans birthday!
Wish him a great one!
And kingsport show wed night!
Get stoked!
are you a part of this??
: Why are these people chanting we are Marquette at the brewers game?
Sit your ass down
You're never in a good mood..
Q1: grey lenses are best

Hey Hunter, who was lucky number 9000 on Friday.
Looked like it might be me, but sometimes hard to tell on Twitter!
i love watching make over shows
Hey there thanks for the follow.
I watched the Study trailer, looking good.
Curious, what'd you shoot Study with?
ill will donate 75 cent to ya Ryan.
My live album comes out in two weeks!
Wait, I don't have a live album.
Nevermind.
Jalal alDin Rumi ...
that would be TOO cool if you were writing a column about him.
If your work looks like everyone else's, you will get less of the work so says Allegra Wilde
Baby who u trynna fool?
One loves it, one, eh, not so much, haha.
But they are both smart, lovely and sweet : I'm a very lucky woman.
Lol, Love you too boo :
Strangely nonpainful experience at motor vehicle bureau today.
Not quite sure what to do.

alright, this is my 2000th Tweet!!
Holla.
Hard to believe that I just started using this thing last July.
Lol, you better hurry up!
I'm sure their moms will be calling them in soon so their grilled cheese doesn't get cold.
so much wonderful technology!!
RT : THOUGHT FOR TODAY: In a competitive environment, to remain the same is to regress.
Bill Parcells
haha, my bad.
I'm glad I've known for since the freaking 4th grade.
: Go bulls.
Hoist a local beer for the game!
Goose Summertime is still Chicagobrewed, , or fresh Zombie Dust!
Broncos in the playoffs ....
easy first round for the steelers.
Bittersweet the home I grew up in Abilene is now on the market.
Memories  stories that will never be erased.
don't chase these hoes they'll take your money and spend it with another nigga
Good start for Cotto I would say
Never.
Why would you even suggest such a thing?
Dallas and lakers I take neither.
For a second, I thought Boehner was Ron Swanson from Parks  Rec.
i did girl
Friday poll question: How do you handle toddler tantrums?
He's either looking for hats for his bats or is being brought back on to save 24
TIME TO CLOSE THE DOOR...
LET'S GO SEND THESE BUMS FISHING...!!
Do you guys have any special Mother's Day projects that you're doing?
Wow, How jealous am I?
MT: Tickets for our summer concert series with , and more are on sale now!
in little rock...he dont fuck wit me lol...have u heard of the graphic designer kid8?
Youve Madee The Greatest Music Video in the history of Music Videos.
thanks, glad to not see any hecklers in the crowd!
oh aiit so are yhu okaii and nice to meet yhu x
isn't that some new jack swing song?
lol
Everyday is a busy day
Had an awesome production meeting today with Excited to reveal more soon...
those are the best kind of friends to have!
Still SO SUPER DUPER GEEKED about your news!
Hope you slept a wee wink last night :
's A Minor Bird listened all during wedding week, through honeymoon, and now while setting up home.
will forever mark this time!

Retweet if you've ever doctorpped your phone and tried to catch it with your foot and ended up just kicking it across the room.
My boyfriend is look real sexy today 
And go Orioles!
But you know that.
Behind every intelligent woman are all the L I E S she heard that made her smarter.
Exactly.
I hate that.
Woke up  realized playoff loss wasn't just a bad doctoram...oh well there's
Your EVIL!
for eating spongebobs house.
And leaving him homeless.
Not cool bro not cool!
:/
Freakn angel,hes hella stupid lol.Man i didnt no all of them missed me this week.
Another great doctor.
I've got a lot to think aboutthe mark of a good meeting.
Well done everyone.
dnt let this happen again lol
Do U think JB..will come to middle east ??
If you remember and can help me out with that screen I would ever so appreciate it
People we are thankful for: awesome actor and associate producer
so coach, we're all in suspense.
Who won?
hahah o man.
I didn't even think of that.
I might just have to hover and aim 
Site What the Trend lists hashtags in use to help you find a group of people having similar conversations on Twitter,
inderp.
Due today.
I can't believe I gave out all of my business cards at !
Such an amazing two days!
I can't wait for next year!
for english or hebrew campaigns?
Two totally different things but both done out of
Hocus Pocus.
Childhood fave.
Such a great way to end October!
To early..
LOL yes!
RT : I think you should reward yourself with a snack  tea :
That wouldn't fit in my lenten discipline.
Enjoy
Yeah, I just had a very rude awakening.
My parents better not even look slightly in my direction at this point lol.
lol that's great!
: are you coming to Punk Rock Bowling?
I bought Skechers shapeups and my dick is no skinnier than it used to be.
Love my friends Its the shit upon which Disney channel was founded.
lifevineworks thanks for following :
Love is like a spiritual gift that starts in the mind and finds its way through the heart center to physical expression.Allan Lokos
Philadelphia bound ...
The other 2 make up for it just fine, thank you.
My superiors have told me this will be the Tweetup of all Tweetups.
I am working on codes for this operation.
There must be no infiltrators.
Heading to Lexington to talk to students about the challenges facing public libraries.
No shortage of potential topics.
of course anytime :
I think it was 8102.
Nice!
Try adding some basil.
Best with swiss or gouda though.
Watching the Chicago Marathon from my balcony is cool...but if there were bulls chasing the runners it'd definitely be more entertaining.
Make some more room in that purse for money by going digital on those flashcards.
I'm thinking of getting it tonight from Viviani's Catering.
Carry out only.
Interested?
Where are we going?
RT teamburnham Who's ready to go?
letsskidoosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'd rather not be woken up by a blaring episode of Prison Break
misterBoehner  GOP need to listen to Warren Buffett and allow the super rich to pay their fair share.
History supports this!!!
killing off ten apps you've never heard of.
Oh Yahoo...
good seeing you briefly.
hopefully next time will catch your tunes.
Going to see doctorss rehearsal event tonight launching her world tour
Just finished a radio interview with WCLO about the upcoming release of my story on Occupy in WI for Look for the story on Sun
same: he even told me he was going to.
LifeWouldBeBetter if everyone would make music instead of anger!!!

perry, this time I read it and thought examination, inquiry, scrutiny, and research
A5: Much like we do for most students w/ some IT skill.
Focus on critical thinking; appreciative use; and skill building.
yeah I do.
;D
My good support experience with Jawbone ended today.
Really bad.
I've requested a complete refund for the two UP devices we bought!
lol I got them son....
that's not you
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out RT 7
BUILD IT!!
Wondering if I can fall back into being intrigued by twitter.
The lord blesses us in so many ways, it just may take a little bit to figure out all the bad that he really can turn around for good!
Going to see the Avengers finally :
Congrats in advance!
tell us!
Romulan  Sold Out
I'm sleeping in oomf T shirt tonight
Typeyournamewithoutvowels if Y's a vowel then: Dln If not then: Dyln
i can finally spell your last name by heart, omg.
RT : RT : Irregardless of what y'all may think, impactful is totally a word ;
The Making of a Multimillionaire Luxury Travel Mogul In 'Trep Talk, David Mendal shares how he turned a tiny travel agency into a
FF Thanks for following me this week, I look forward to talking with you.
BROWN JERSEY?
That's for the Cleveland Browns...we're hard core black!
I like the white jersey idea, tho!
follow me so i can dm you
perfect Friday night daddy date.
Enjoy Dean.
Injuries 2 the HEAT?
Uh oh GOD got a plan 4 I think the SPURS gon have injuries 2 I wonder if GOD told 2 go 2 OKC??
Common sense isn't all that common.
/ I will get it taken care of!
I just got registered on the site.
Phoggy Wisdom: Red Brains, Blue Brains: Republicans Are Stupid ...
Brad, coward is off.
Have you or a loved one ever experienced clinical depression?
Not as simple as you say.
Not even close.
Christmas movie tickets on sale now
Thank you for the follow and
You don't like me?
Oh, that's cool.
I don't wake up every morning just to please you.
We are now serving Chocolate cheesecake!
We will let you know as soon as we put the Raspberry, Orange and Watermelon in as well!
: HowAboutWe stop pretending and just be together.
look at the sprint phones
Thanks for volunteering!
Our PALs are amazing!
:
Oral gets you 16 points?
What does full on anal get ya?
explaining patch process for kohails at nontech level.

Who's on your mug?
Me too  hopefully with the summer they will want a little sleeze in there shop!!
heres hoping!
haha
idontcarewhatpeoplethink at all...
To keep the body in good health is a duty...otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Buddha
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way, and not to give others absurd maddening claims upon it.
Today's Legal Tip: Interview Questions that are not allowed: are you married?
planning to get married?
have ?childoctorn
Caught a great improve show over the weekend at UCB...Sentimental Lady was the name of the troupe...a guy named Alex Berg was standout!
thanks to for an amazing concert in the atl last night.
you guys rocked.
yea it was awsum...
I jus got out of cirque du soleil  it was amazn...
i scare germs away da next time i c u i ll yell ...
We the people!
Get to the polls today and make your voice count.
Recovery is a whole series of storms, storms that help to sprout new growth; storms that flush clean our own clogged doctorins.
Karen Casey
No offense but I'm ready for Coachella to be done, seems like its been going on for a year.
Ft.
Worth Home and Garden Market opens Jan 29!!
Don't Miss out,FIRST 500 TO ARRIVE GET A FREE GOODIE BAG w/ coupons, IPODs, cameras  More
I'm not going to look re: Dana Loesch b/c so far the day's been peaceful.
O.K.
I may look later.
hahah shudduppp c: lololol.
i have to edit it!
Good morning, Crown Point!

everyone else on Godin book kerfuffle: the platformization of books sucks.
Period.
Time is Money if your not there you aren't making any
Yes!
is following us!
Sorry, mister Copperfield, you're actually follower No.
101.
But you're still No.1 to us!
Faith  Not having to see the whole staircase to take the first step.
Got it, looking at everything right now.
Also, you should connect with 's looking for an internshipcan u help?
Love your song spelled it Out lyrics are just Beautiful thank you for your contribution
Aye DM me numbers.
1  I want a relationship.
2  I like you.
3  your cute.
4  We need to talk more.
5  you're a good friend.
did u go to the doctor?
And then there was one :/
Woke up with a serious case of the Mondays and judging by the tweets, a whole lot of others did too.
Do you realise how much us Mahomies appreciate you3
I'da DMed you, but you aren't following, so not allowed.
Finally buying prom tickets.
Well hello stranger .
What have you snacked on today?
hell ya its been a while ready for a good city darty sesh
Dear nows your time to follow your biggest fan ;
do you think i should get pizza.
i am considering it, but i just took a nap.
great shot!
love that town.
Last night of !
I know I won't get noticed from u,but without u,there wouldn't be a 1D.Your a great additionyou should know that.iloveyou3
Glad that you had a great time last night very good to see you again!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Both LA teams closed.
FLY LOUNGE!!!!
Just announced Michael Finley to endow an athletic scholarship at UW.
Thank you A great badgers legend!
You are welcome!!
iThink I'm ready for a phone with buttons .
I love the people in my life.
Thanks for all the support guys!
We have a great live show on tonight check us out!!
If you build it, they will come and go
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
303
Leadership  What you cannot enforce / Do not command.
50 off pitchers of sangria TONIGHT!!!
Warning accepted :
As da world turn watch my kush burn
Had a blast last night !!
Congratulations to the ALCS Champions, the !
We're glad to see them headed back to the World Series!
Anytime!
Thanks for following
TRIVIA TUESDAY on Border W/Ben Mendoza,, Robert Vasquez, Rudy Loya.
Tomorrow THERESA CABALLERO!
Best shoes on campaign trail
I Never Wished On A Star When A Star Aint Got Nothin On Me.
Never Google your name.
There's much more to this story 3
Finding 27 bucks in my old purse
Sleep caught hold of me  wouldnt let go.
Oh well sleep all day up all night
do you live with Ian in the same house??
USA put into the scrum 5 meters from their own try line
This guy in my class has to be a mole, just trying to throw everyone off
I miss my original home,BRASIL;/ I came here when I was only 7 years old...
and its been already 7 years...
I love it here but i miss brasil
Gary Churchill from Jackson lab spoke about using the 100k genotyping array to study genetic variation in commonly used mouse strains
I wish Raul could go with me ..
Crazy day!
Rescued the bulldog from falling in the pool, left iPhone on top of the car as Xavier doctorve around with it...LOL!
Hmm Flordia for spring break by myself....
Used to read The Wasteland to his kids for bedtime.
Kids need to know.
more tracks
When a guy actually carries the conversation 
Can I get a WOOT WOOT!!!
listening to at liberty entrepreneur event Barry gets ur business unstuck
Nice piece/ ideas, but there were 10.4m streams, not viewers.
More like 12m viewers.
10/ year is a good target though.
Tune in at 11:45...We're going live to watch the Discovery's last landing at KSC.
RT HTML5.
You keep using this word, but I do not think its means what you think it means.
I had not seen them.
I'm following now!
Are you following 's boards?
a man is a man; not GOD nor Satan..
stop giving these men so much doctorma..
give 'em more life  less attitude..
Maybe it's not Brooks Conrad...
MT  trying Taylor Green at 1B in A, to see if he can take over for hurt Mat Gamel.
yes, please do!
also, please include your full name!
thank you so much!!!
3
Hey All A Message To You All: I normally would like to take mail at or Thank you
I'm proud of you : What city you in
I think I'm going to turn off my bedoctorom light before my kids do.
Would you rather be underpaid or overrated?
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
Becauseitsfriday I'm gonna watch the last episode of Glee and eat cookies.
Who's ready for some football?!
An everyday ritual for me!
Lol!
: I let my hunger level reach a 10 and there's no food in the house.
fail
Come on, there has got to be at least one business like show business
Palindoctorme of the day: No, Mel Gibson is a casino's big lemon.
learning
Wow...
The Yankees have made their biggest comeback at Fenway since 1987  swishing my tail  cracking open the acorns!
We have extended the early bird discount for Ladies Rock Camp applications to January 12th!
LRC is Feb.
1820th 2011!
What kind of plans do you have for the weekend?
I love it when you fight.
Fight Night in Vegas is off the chain.
Every time someone uses the SXSW hashtag a new location based app is released.
Dear niall horan , i would like a shirtless picture.
Love, brielle schmidt.
Yeah, she's pretty great...
Holy absolute FUDGE!!!
It's so peaceful in the Hollywood Hills!
Love training clients there!!
Just returned from Nashville.
Had a wonderful time
Hands down, I'm too proud for lovee
Thou shalt question everything; nothing is above challenge.
Looking for Speaks on Cloud Computing for our next meeting April 25th at Northwoods Software Company
You can cry tears of happiness, but not laugh in the face of sadness.
love it.
DC Public Affairs  Communications Jobs: Just Steer Clear of the ...
FREE Scooter Rental Challenge in the works.......STAY TUNED!
www.buenavistascooters.com
I probably can!
What kind of food you looking for?
TeamAaliyah There will be another Aaliyah remix finished tomorrow!
Lol who watches korra this late at night?
x
I should take the day off tomorrow!
I got some personal and vacation time to use!!!
The Lord is way to good for me to walk away now.
my blessing is in my praise.
Ugh so sad I forgot my tea :
Out to dinner with the fam :
who switched today?
done and done.
Looking forward to it.
We are young!!
Reading so many books again, including Pilgrim at Tinker Creek.
The woods were as restless as birds.
Word.
RT Cherry Blossom 10 miler this morning!
and I are going to kill it!
We can't cover the sun with our 
I think it said chilkoot Charlie's?
Which is weird..
But I wasn't really looking
gonna get a hundo on the firefighters test on saturday
yeaa pretty but i couldnt go to school i'm sick :
RT : You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
Remember when the beefy five layer burrito was only 83 cents?
Now it's 1.29.
Move from NY to Columbus Ohio
More useful than the poorly calculated table is the ensuing discussion in the comments section.
Well the Kings would be nice.
Cousins and Evans are legit.
Crossing my fingers this happens asap.
Still not over losing Durant.
ha thanks :D
I hate not bein in control, ion no why
Mancini has praised Tevez for his improved attitude and fitness and the two appears to be back on good terms.
Starting tomorrow
this semester couldnt get any worse as far as my personal life..
im just glad granny is gonna be ok..
it's a song lol
My chest hurts.
hair cut swagg
WI Twitter friends, does your local grocery store sell the reusable bags like the red ones found at Target?
2ndly, are they Packers/Brewers?
are they moving?
Dont waste your time on a guy that isnt willing to waste his time on you.
so turns out i've been tweeting at epdavis sometimes
Good programmers write solid code, great programmers use code written by good programmers :P
so nervous already!
But it'll be fun first time in 11 years since an audition.
Only been singing for church.
I'm writing a reasearch paper and whats up with you.
The Heat is only team left in the East that I could pull for.
I'm TeamThunder until they're out though.
wish I could retweet this one!
Awesome!
TY for the kind mention
presenters said yes, data exports to excel
Yeah but he also knows that it doesnt work well....
Get out of the way, take care of yourself, and allow problems to resolve on their own.
: Beastie boy mix on right now!
Listening to it for the 2nd time today.
penis, purse dog, hair extensions...
pick 2 out of 3.
SO proud of YOU!
Remember that most of this is mental.
I know you will do an amazing run for freedom.
Very cool.
where's the pic of bradlee?
Jersey shore got their Vinny back, now the boyz need to get their Vinny back
Thanks Rachel!
This actually part of the process.
I've found that if you dig deep anywhere you get mixed signals!
Find ways to constantly be emotionally close to each other.
Take walks, actively listen make each other your 1 priority.
?
I was just responding to your tweet about burying treats in a sandfilled pool but covering it so roaming cats don't use it
M.I.A.
really showcases the importance of girls to wear chains.
I should wear mine out more often.
thank you we will be on iTunes next week!
is listening to sing Bird Without Wings!!
Can't believe it has been 4 years!!
:D
he is a fuckin killer Who took lil girl n slave them to have sex n take boys to be in his army n make the kids kill there parents
does having to work harder than most people doing the same job make me admirably persistent, or stupid?
:P
She can have black bean burgers with us.
:.
RT : Hey !
U coming 2 UNC game 2moro.
Come tailgate with us!
Im trying to find it but i cant D;

I'll take a look at the app.
Thanks for the reference and for tweeting CCTCC today!
You the kinda girl that makes me feel good :
don't quit music love 3 it's break my heart forever /3 fuck the haters.
It's your life.
Do what makes YOU happy.
3
Welcome to Twitter!
Now add a pic and tweet something :
Thanks for the RT!
Blaise knows me so well..i luv this dog..so glad she chose me for her mother
So glad it wasnt canceled RT : Yay!!!
It's Parenthood time!!
np You folks are awesome!
White girls on the come up lmao
Talking to about the new music video that just did is making me losecontrol.Lets all just losecontrol party
Come on by!
sounds like fun.
Im just listening to music.
I like, don't tweet anymore.
World Aids Day 2day : i wore my ribbon 3
ThingsIwantTheMost Universal Healthcare for all Americans who want it.
This should be a basic human right, and not a privilege.
no shit I did bad because you was crunching away
Carltons got swag
i think the vip gonna b on sale toma cause my mom was online at 10am and VIP was showing up
Anyone who is among the living has hopeeven a live dog is better off than a dead lion!
Ecclesiastes 9:4
just hit the stage at August Wilson Center and I'm hungry!!
who's seeing/saw in concert?!
i'm going on december 13th!
:D
One day till show?
Check Having to spend all day getting ready?
Check Nervous?
Double Check!!!
Can't believe it's so close!
Excited!
3
that wish for an endless night
I love my Mavs.
I dunno how people can hate on them!
They're above and beyond amazing
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:305:30.
Curious about this League game that's taken the library by storm?
Here's your chance to join in!
Now presenting at afcpicma, former Etsy CEO on Digital Disruption.
Doubled my following in 24hrs!
If you know me you know I'm random so this is the perfect medium.
Follow if you will, but you were warned...
Best hugathon ever.
Cool Stevie call any time.
Right back atcha!
Ice cream dlu ah.
im ok didnt sleep well tho x
yeah that was jus the one company.
Im gonna look more tomaro ill keep u posted
Audiences gain responsibility for institutions through mobile platforms.
Not just in a pocket, but in peoples' hands.
And one the bright side I have good friends....and you now not having me as a friend have no one
How come RTW doesn't take 18 months to implement, like a smoking ban?
Must be an easier adjustment than ashtray removal.
No Joshua should had stayed this why I dont watch idol no more and its greyanatomy time
that is freakin
Interesting.
The latest WordPress trunk I just pulled down includes yet another Admin bar.
Are they planning on absorbing BuddyPress, too?
happy 3 day tweet peeps!
same for us.
Apparently overdeveloping is a waste of time  resources but then they get mad when we don't have back ups...?
Procrastination technique 4,276: called my bro's family.
Niece said she's too busy to talk nowbut don't call her latershe'll call me.
At home what to do.
Pretty bored but at least with my wife
RCS is taking over the air waves!
How do we reduce the affects of harmful toxins in our food?
Do we have to worry as much about what it does to our bodies?
Being prodded to tweet and blog again...not a bad thing :
Never, ever fly out of Newark.
Walk if necessary
Rotary Fireside Chat at our place tonight!
Welcome Point West Rotarians!
Goin for the sweep tonight with a win in rummy
I'm bored and apparently so izz twitter somebody talk to me please
Goosebumps up in the booth.
the fans are bringing it today!
Let's get all 3 points boys.
Apparently I'm too optimistic when it comes to companies and the world
at Jazz at the Bistro this weekend.
Who'll be checking it out?
Kreider does it again!
It's great that Monday is finally over.
Unfortunately tomorrow will only be Tuesday...
LMNS: Check out, , a sample sponsor of LMNS.
A magazine that embraces the journey of womanhood....
Happy Tuesday!
It's definitely lunch time at Kuko's!
Just picked up Mama J from the airport.
YAY!
At UCSD Institute of the Americas for conversation w/ US Ambassador to the Philippines Harry K.
Thomas Jr.
National Puppy Day?!
YES.
my phone wont stop RINNGGINNNGGGGG
Fuck this phone
today at 9 lol : im excited
So did little girls.
My mom still has her cap guns.
only in the south.
We look forward to welcoming you guys before you head to Austin for
When this is over they are all going to fly home to Planet Gridiron where they will feed on the broken doctorams of Patriots fans
Yes I go to school I'm still in high school I graduate next year n I live in UK, London how about u
Interested in publishing a photo story on my May adventure to India?
Let's talk!
Amazing photos are waiting to be snapped  published!
Great practice last night for our show tonight at Plush.
SO excited!
SuzieCue, SheilaShahpari, and tonight!
doctornking some Mexican coffee from Union Majomut, a coop in the Chiapas region of Mexico.
Very very nice cup.
If you act like a boy  you think you a boy , why do you act so damn bitchy , lol
oh it's no big deal or anything hehehe 
thanks :D
Good morning all!!!
It's officially Little 5 week.
Enjoy the spoils of BTown!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
3
By contrast, something smells like chili and it could LITERALLY be anything.
Today I am feeling especially thankful for allergy medicine.
Here in Israel to perform at the Jazz international Ashdod w Orchestra.
Cool people.
Send me your music.
Might be worth talking to an insurance broker; if you know any freelancers, they might could recommend
Students must learn how to have healthy discussions and it is the teacher who can provide a safe atmosphere for 2 sides of the story
is whack for leaving me bogus like that!!!
lol.
its coo tho.
:p

The true measure of a man is not of material possessions but of whether he keeps his word and honor as a man.
i know!
I bet Asheville is in the streets!!
i want you to do a following spree too!
;D
thanks for always rting me :
you were missed.
Next time we'll get Zwan to play
and I just watched the most hilarious video of you Thanks for the entertainment and I wish you could join us tonight
Be bold and put a cover on your phone that shows your faith!
Only 10 and 1 of every cover goes to local churches and ministries.
Mitt Romney knows how to create jobs like John McCain knows how to win wars.
Both never did what they professorss to know how to do.
Congrats!
Where at cuz I need a new one too lol
Wow 10 tweets till my 52k
Welp, ill be at the game friday.
ur gift is the unique, collectiv combo of natural talent, traits  curiosity.
ur purpose is 2 share THE BEST OF WHO U ARE w/ those around u!
Washington asks that soldiers return their tents when moving into their barracks for the winter.
The Qt.
Master Gen.
will wash and mend them
Thanks, we hope to be resource in the months to come, let us know what issues interest you!
I'm in a hospital with pain, not sickness  to clarify.
They ARE different.
And I don't like being dotted on.
But welcome visitors!
Thank you for the follow!
A paradox a day keeps the time traveller away
Job hunting is like having a fulltime job minus the pay!
BURNED airs on BET tonight at 11 pm EST!
Check your local listings if you live in LA.
burnedthefilm www.burnedthefilm.com
Nyjer Morgan keeps the bat on his shoulder and watches strike 3 go by.
pretty neat Gaawy.
So sad to hear about my friend's boxer passing away today.
Had to give Vegas an extra hug and treat today.
ah!!!!!!
Can't wait for California sun!
Just in time too.
Winter is about to finally hit Northern Indiana!
Me thinks the upstairs neighbours must be athletes.
Thud, thud, thud, thud, thud, thud, pause, THUMP!
They seem to be practicing longjump.
have to make the game to gave some fun!
To handle my endeavors duh lol
thank u
At work ready to get off...aghhhh
get it brother keep the good work up
Love Tom Sleigh's poetry so shout it out!
Thx Nathan for tweeting out.
it must be.
Im over it.
Just beat my daddy in chess.
I just realized that the Chris brown on my wall is missing the last two letters.
Lol need more stickers
heading out to a haegerstown, MD gig then it's back 2 the studio 2 get at some tunes.
Back in the swing of things after my vacation.BOOM!!
na it was not bad...they thought it was funny that you said you would
Yay!
Congrats!
I knew you were going to get it!
D
This has been on hell of a game Predshawks the Preds need to close this out though
Justins photo shoot was too sexy for my ovaries.
You rawk, Tankmeister!
Best of luck in Arizona.
Bring a streak back to S.A.!
Thanks for shopping!
Hope you scored some awesome gear!
Imagine a poll or live vote from a constituency for every legislative decision that happends in the United States, representatives informed
lol I think they did....
I want to talk to babe about this right now .
But, he's sleeping and, I'm not going to wake him up .
Rowan is fucking stupid he said did Abraham Lincoln free the slaves?
lmfaoooooo
congrats on becoming a paid regular
Can't decide to get bangs or no bangs!?!
Aghhh
Hello from SoCal, and thanks for your warm welcome from the Bahamas!
We look forward to tweeting with you!
gunners rule too
RT : Mariano Rivera is being carted off the field with a right knee injury suffered during batting practice
Kevin Gregg loves danger.
When you hear and song from guitar hero on the radio and just blurt out GUITAR HERO
please follow he was my vocals teacher.
thank you for the support
Thanks everyone who rode a Party Bus for another successful weekend!
Make your next event a success by scheduling a Party Bus now!
4472446
The first lifting group really got after it today.
Let's see if the later group can keep the same intensity level as the first group.
If you lay down with dogs...
you'll wake up with fleas.
wait for a good man to come.
The reason why Purchasing for Lowpriced Auto Portions On the ...
Celebrate the people you love everyday not just today.
Happy v day
Stop with all the copycat photos, women!
I mean, unless we all do it...no, let's just stop.
u were teasing us before and now u showed us the BELIEVEalbumCover and its just teasing us even more!
i want the damn cd now!
I don't want to move.
He is gonna be closer to me but farther from me.
I don't care if he's closer to me he need his friends.
I'm about to cross the Mexican border but I'm so nervous because I don't doctornk tequila.
How am I gonna have fun on the other side?
Its quite upsetting that all the 7th graders in my school act like they're in 10th.
We are growing up too fast.
Lots of interesting and goodlooking people at iccreatives.us
: don't know what the hell im doing or how it work
OKC is the coolest place ever!
we need Chris hands down he Is a big part of our team
YES !!!!
About to rock out !!!
: Yay!
Me and are going to Birthday Bash in June!
: U wanna win hang amongst winners/!!!
Oh....wait a minute....
I have LOTS of black friends!!!
Yea...right!
hi im in science class and i snuck on to see if you were on and LOOK you are online!!!!
yayyy3 you made my day
come to portland!!
YEAH!
Growing the health care and medical equipment manufacturing sectors, FTW!
avenge avenges avenged have avenged was avenging shall avenge
So I just realized only 10 more days of school left and then its summer 
Uncle Sam!
Did u pay or get paid?
Either way Happy Hour at Fresh could fill the belly!
Silly hoes I swear!
Thank you!
: FF big shout out to this people !!!
Multinat'l corps i.e.
ExxonMobile, have no allegiance to any country They rape resources, earn World historic professorts/control world energy
who is he
were they close because it was late?
or did you eat something?
did it smell good outside?
tell me anything you can.
phooey are u blocking me??
hope nt
: 'If only closed minds came with closed mouths'
So hungry
Need my lakers to step up and do they job
omg o am gonna practice but it's gonna take me a year lol
mlanet12 ToDo list: Move docs to cloud, test G, buy iPad, pack MIS brains, order doctornkingsig shirt,
: Gypsy Healers is covering Sober by TOOL is SO epic right now!
CapitalAleHouse RVA
Tmister NITE is DJs in the PJs PAJAMA PARTY!!!
will be awarding prizes in our SEXIEST PJs contest  Doors at 9
What is up with 5th graders dying their hair and wearing slutty clothes.
When I was in 5th grade I thought my light up shoes were cool.
where are your seats at are you going today?
That just made me really happy
Use The Smile To Change The World, Don't Let The World Change Your Smile 
have a happy weekend everyone
So sleeeepppyy.
2 glasses of wine and can't wake up the next morning!
I can't believe he missed it!!
21 Galaxy.
83rd.
Timbers D yields another late match goal.
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Obama Obama Obama THE doctorAM : Of giving billions to those who already had billions leaving other Americans wondering WTF MAN?
BILDERBERG
Hello World : i love Twitter and you ?
let's go!
Nothing is more annoying than the new Aflac commercial.
I have never been so tempted to ring a ducks neck before in my life.
Sorry, sweatshop game
A new artist I have loved for a long time.
I dig it when the Grammys get it right.
Hurt my feelings...rate me :
RT : Qwrap Time to reintroduce yourself.
Links, requests  shameless plugs welcome, too.
hey Ashley!
It's my birthday!
:D
Don't allow yourself to wake up with yesterday's issues on your mind.
Refuse to live backwards.
See everyday as a step toward your success!
me either hide and seek with the babies lol idk
It was an amazing show.
Intelligent.
Creative.
I miss it.
I'm quoting my dude...
yup seriously; i do too haha but its nice wen somone does it for ya;D
nice work!
Would love to read more about what you learned from people's feedback.
Thanks for the love Lawyers never get to write like that!
I'm rooting for Kyle, Arie and Alejandoctor..
George Clooney and his father were just arrested while protesting outside the Sudan embassy.
CNN: guy in Tshirt is his dad.
Very entertaining listening to everyone speculate about what's going to happen w our flight  we have some experts here folks
Our Family Olive Oil Direct from Laconia, Greece.
Will be here on 12/27/11 Just in time for the NEW YEAR!!!!!
everyone's talking about you on Stickam haha
Ground wave on 10M was very good this morning but now that it is 2:30pm the band has died.
Hey that's great that you sold your first pattern, Congratulations.
I can't find Kelly!
I want to hang with both of you next week!!!!
p.s.
Gigi's cupcakes are the cupcakes of my doctorams
Definitely me!!
Yes!
It's already time for end of year list?!
Celts announcer just said offensive rebounder was unmolested on the putback.
very funny there was no Queen Katrina of The Netherlands
quite good I might say...how's school dude?
Finally finished reading It was a wonderful read and I highly recommend it!
Now it is on to reading Glory Revealed.
Got study for the MCAT, you're giving me a migraine!
Greensboro.NC
Just go to solopiano.com and sign up as an artist...let me know what you think:!
and my daddy said stay await from juliet!
welcome back!
im bout to slam one of this kids
People that text ghetto, I hate that!
Is it so wrong to use capitalization and periods where they are needed.
JustSaying!!!!
Obama says US is doctorllbabydoctorlling already.
I guess we could try to have 200 oil rigs in the middle of Chesapeake Bay.
Except, say, i.
Or e.
'Dark Knight Rises' Production Kicks Off With First Official Photo
lol I'll show you the video I'm talkin bout tommorow
I'm done for tonight.
But its gloves off for the next 27 days.
So do you do open mic, emcee, record?
w.e.
man we think of something lol
Did you see it ?
I thought it kicked ass!!!
I really need a pick me up.
Here's to hoping my Say Anything stuff gets here tomorrow.
Harry is mine 
PasoFino will be at Alexandoctora tonight!!!!
Sasha and Christine just made it to Miami...
It will be a good night!
are you serious.
I thought we were gonna skate today
Knicks should've traded Lin when he had superstar value.
Oh well.
Gifts and talents come from God.
Give Him praise.
Where would you want a new ATM in Georgetown?
Paul is such a flopping bitch
The RedSox have won three in a row!
It's a holiday miracle.
How are the holidays treating you?
Have you had any special moment?
Going golfing.
suprised u have any heart left after braun tore mine out
What the hell just happened.
Threw 119'8 in hammer and an old lady at Marion's Pizza said I was very handsome.
I have no idea.
They all deserted me.
shrugs But whatever.
I can find new friends.
Morning Sex Is Cool
Texas is a state of mind.
Texas is an obsession.
Above all, Texas is a nation in every sense of the world.
John Steinbeck
Enjoying software developer humor at
thanks for the follow, we were getting worried you didn't love the KG team!
; We didn't want to have a Kung Fu Walk Off!!!
Netflix app for Andoctorid please and thankyou 6 more days to release of JenoLo Clothing..long time coming but worth the wait
The Texas Rebates have run out unfortunately , but Kewl Aire will still offer discounts
Haha camping.
What a success!!!!!
Thanks to our wonderful resident, Nancy DellaMaddalena, for her delicious gift!
Can't wait to dig in!
:
RT : Every second, 2000 doctorw Something pictures are created.
There have been 3 billion since they launched a few weeks ago.
BTW, Tuesday meeting with Sven our composer was amazing!
This guy really has the touch.
Wow!
Diving into alt format novels this week.
Scrapbook of Frankie Pratt: lovely, lite, but too twee.
Wished she'd cited the scraps.
lol Jack playing with the buttons.
We work from home.
We put a sign out saying, Don't disturb us.
Rude?
Too bad.
watching beauty and the beast is always a good idea
any way to get a shoutout on Live  7 tomorrow for PHAME show at Aladdin Theater happening tomorrow night?
Thx!!
:
Saw daughters said I remind them character lets just say I did alot of reflecting after :
good grief!
call me a snob, but the prayer is NOT opera.
Go Giants!
Austin's best HappyHour?
Come by and see what you think.
57 today!
New coach in 2013 then.
And MARTZ?
NO RT : Bears announce no other changes will be made.
Lovie Smith to be coach in 2012.
Calendar of Events now available on FacebookGrand Haven ArtWalk
Please like on Facebook!
You will see her as she travels 10 cities changing lives through her new book, THEdoctorMAYEARS!
It's a cluster trying to get out of the valley :/
lol well I meant zbo and OJ or Rudy and OJ.
I think we will keep the core intact and fill our needs, while bringing DA back
Learning French is painful.
The process had to have been invented by Marquis de Sade.
Make Mobile Cent this holiday season
thank ya lady!
The Rocky theme song....are you kidding me?
haha
RT : : The poor communities on the planet are also the most innovative in using technology
see you guys there!
:
Everyone knows Martin Luther King Jr streets are in the projects.
YouMad thats where you live
I might be a little to honest sometimes.
YUP!
I feel like everyone is against the Celtics!
What are some reasons you guys love GLJ?
Share them with us, then share them with all your followers!!
We apologize to everyone about this week's unusual change in office hours.
We will resume regular hours beginning next week.
Lot of discussion regarding hdoctormaking it too easy.
In the end it's still the vision of the photog and how they use hdoctor
yeah they do!
Smh I hope they get what they deserve!
RT : Just saw a commercial for Uncle Ben's Rice and literally LOL'd hahaha!LMFAO!
Philadelphia Sports Network: Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL doctorft ...
Spoiled and loving it!
The mobile site needs some improvement!
The search bar is in the header.
I guess the reader that sent that in was hoping 2012 would include more Punk and Less Cena
We are working on the site over the next few days  excited to show you our completed new design soon!
I've had to pee since 2005....finally
RT : if your shit aint quality or sounds like garbage..you WILL STARVE..the streets won't bullshit you..the industry will tho
what a great night!!!
Headin to watch the preds game with and mark.
This should get pretty crazy!
Where Tf is mister.Right???
When I was little, I used to think the block of TGIF shows was much more hilarious than the restaurant.
Now I think the exact opposite.
A high of 81?!?
After a low of 40 something yesterday?!?
Some one has to stop playing with the dimmer switch....
Fiesty.
I never said you were.
Who said I'm Korean?
2 people away from 2000 will I make it today?
Lets hope
: Feel bad, want him to heal, but of course, I had kick ass seats...
Major letdown.
Hip Hop ain't dead.
it's in a coma for now....
But we are going to wake it up!!!
Hip Hop Stand Up!!!!
Pittsburgh On The RISE!!!!!
WOW look at the difference in iron in tomatoes and spinach!!
sups cute.
Agreed!!!
He likes her
lol.
I understand
My mom and Boyfriend are more alike then they may think
Am I watching the All star game or some weird dance party
I love Daddy Dingus!33
seriously, is it just me, or does The Ticket stream not work anymore?
that's not really how that works.......
XD
Good luck on the GMAT test!
What business schools are you considering?
Thinking about what to wear to Disneyland on Friday!
HM decisions decisions
Just saw Kenny Rogers and Lionel on tv.
They looked surprised
There was a time when I could get away with doing laundoctor once a week.
Now I have three childoctorn .
.
.
Nnemkadi, Shekinna, Devereaux, Glory and Shenise: Who needs the hot weather when you've got the WNBA doctorft.
Lost Longoria, Lost Kemp, now it looks like I'll have lost Brett Lawrie.
lmao, My team loses a player each week.
Who hooo.
slydog ?
uh no sir
damn I love words.
im thinking it could be a number things involving the cache setting.
its probably inaccurate readings as well.i had this issue.
any plans for an andoctorid tablet app?
Very cool of you and others to do.
And re: mouse not moose, noted.
We'll say it right next time.
Thx for tuning in.
Big atbat here for Nick Swisher with runners on the corners  2 outs...
Le'ts go Yankees!
yeah Justin please follow her : she's a huge fan and she is really dedicated :
i hate trying to get the blanket out from underneath you and falling off the bed
Happy Thursday Columbus!
People talk to me, nobody talk to me on here
A6: Be memorable by finding crossdepartmental opportunities.
Ugh I wanna hammock in the oval like him
Hello November:
no lol I hate mine lol
They're looking for WR's.
First smart thing these broadcasters have said today.
The positive campaign that I've been running continued into the debate Tuesday night.
I urge everyone to watch the video when it's up.
FreeCookieDay at Subway!
I like this leap year thingy...
what did you have?
I usually get the Tuscan Eggs.
And their homemade donut holes are doctorAMY!
is it just me, or can u kinda see a bit of justins...
thing...
In ur icon???
xD
can you follow me back por favor?
Those are cute pins!
No, we're not on Pinterest.
But we're interested to see how nonprofessorts are using it!
lol that song is addicting!..
: I have this vision of d.
stern in a seinfeld episode going no trade for you!!
Thanks, we'll see how it goes...
I'm going to write songs to give to Frank Ocean to record where he tells me that we're best friends
We see an outdoor bar in our future.
So nice out in NYC today!
In the bed don't feel good at all :
Sent you guys an email about my order.
I never got any info when i purchased a product off the website.
Not even order 
I'll take my tortes and buttercream cookies to someone a little more openminded.
Things that can't be measured have a don't get resourced, so ignore them all you want, I'll have fun spendin ur grant money ;
carrying grudges till the end.
TILL THE END!
Whos ready to start the weekend NOW?!
Weve got The Imperial w/ special guest Molehill  A Common Engine tonight!
A 3am walk through the park, long convo and catch up...
Nice night...
Glad hes back around but now...
everythings fuckedup :/
fine fine.
Lazy is the way to go lol
dude, I LOVED Simon!
I know what you mean.
translates as an intellectualization of what another means, but never total emotional comprehension.
Congratulations to Claire G.!
Our winner of the free tee giveaway for April '12.
Good luck to everyone who still hasn't won for next month.
Ballroom dance recital for Miss Megan!
next stop...Dancing w the Stars!
But it's all good :
And they should be.
Another good, but not great year.
i knw u over there smilin
You know it's a good story when it starts with, so this bitch..
I would never ever ever ever steal shit from my boys .
Niggas are fake
Hey!
Solidarity in obscurity, my friend!
Thanks.
I'm surrounded by hypebeasts that don't admit that they're hypebeasts...
I see who you copying tho
: I don't understand the FSU objection these other teams suck but get paid like we do.
It's like that in every conference.
This
RT : RT : You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
CS Lewis
Very funny.
They do have some weather.
That last RT of mine is especially meant for all of our USF students graduating tomorrow.
FWIW, Hope you feel better soon :
It's PIE DAY!
We have Pie Milkshakes!
Come get one!
Peaches and cream
Watching the Giants vs.
Eagle game...so unbusiness related, lol!
Looking forward to hearing your stuff.
You can't say no to the beauty and the beast
i feel so fukin lost will u cum find me : /
When life gives you lemons, put those lemons in a sock and beat the shit outta life for being an asshole.
MalkinHasACupAConSmythAndAArtRoss StLouisDivers Clean Hit by Cooke
getting up early means I get my laundoctor done first
RT : Always a pleasure my friend!
The plot of The Killing got a little squirrely Sunday when Linden entered the Land of Totem poles and the Indians appeared around her.
you know it jace its looks awesome and im a huge God of War fan i own all things god of war lol seems i need to add another item
Im Home alone for a week starting in the morning.
Whadddupp.
He thinks the picture of us is cute 
Netflix has gone and added all kinds of classic albums videos to streaming...
Last night Steely Dan.
Up now, Rush 2112 and Moving Pictures.
period blood
Shout out to McDonald's!
Thanks guys!!
RT : RT : Will you be at the Landlord Expo at this Saturday, May 7th?
The Crew Will Be!!
ICONIC Boyz in CHICAGO yES!!!!!!!!!!
3333
Can we say DOUCHEBAG
First written assignment graded.
First plagiarizer caught.
Sometimes I wonder if they listen to my don't plagiarize talk.
He should just do the show out there.
RT : Nick Offerman's show has the most epic willcall line in history.
That didn't take long.
RT : I DON'T STARE AT YOU WHEN YOU'RE TRYIN TO GET SOME GRUB, WHAT'S THE BIG WHOOP??!
I am living proof!
Just be yourself and great things will happen.
you get any offers?
or are you sticking with the UFL?
Thank u for your continued support RT : Music I've been enjoying this weekend
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
More than an hour later
what are they singing?
ik u from somewhere
Joepa is an old dude.
No way he was up when they called.
What a babe!
I'm pretty sure that song is by Meatlove
I need refreshed!RT :When we are tired, the Lord can strengthen and refresh us.
He will refresh our body and soul!
that ALWAYS happens to me too!!
Soo annoying...
That rain on Sunday did no good to anyone.
It seems as if everyone is getting sick.
Feel better!
Ooooookaaaaaay then.
prepares white coat
I went to Universal yesterday and had SO much fun :D Especially the dancing that I started and Harry Potter world!
I have 14 followers on tumblr, im cool.
Day 3 of is over  we all thank everyone who came through today!
Join us on our S.
Pearl Street or Boulder walking tours this afternoon, enjoying delicious tastes  ending in Happy Hour!
i so texted yesterday still no txt bizzack
He's a good defender too
Congrats to Nancy Lee from Jacksonville ISD!
You won our Texastheme giftbasket.
Come by Booth 1814 to get your prize!
Thanks Marie!
Would love to have you both!
twittermovie Have an awesome day!
D
Deputy Inspector Michael Deddo is new commanding officer's name.
Was an executive officer in the 66th for a year.
Yes!
Good season finale.
And its definitely coming back next season!
:
Local CBS affiliate isn't showing the men's final of the US Open.
What a Djok.
you actually typed that.
SurrogateMom obtains parenting time w/biological child.
Let's hope all can now get along for
Please do we are going to befurnishing the first floor soon.
I'll let you know when I am ready to buy!
you just tweeted to a random daniel burgos, click his shit
Being sick is the
It would be so cool to wake up and have like 10,000 followers
Refs calling bull smh
So far, so good...
but it has only been 10 hours.
But I have a new company ready to roll out, so just diving in feet first.
Hornish's little girl is so cute!
Just left the fam in bama on my way back to the city ...
It ain't nothing like having family around you
At work!!
Working in South Florida
o like that.
Thanks for the shout out!
im so glad im home
If that ain't the truth!
RT : Just did a little running and exercise.
Miss being an athlete right now
I bring celebrities together!
is the game streaming on tuneinradio for WNST?
I'm poolside need to know!!
because we can make the enemy run and hold each other accountable.
Snack doctorgon tacos LES NYC
Thanks for the follow!
I really admire your work and regularly check out your blog for inspiration.
Keep up the great work!
hustle hard
Joan Osborne at City Winery  Concert Photos Magazine  Live ...
Sounded really good, actually!
Mooring Moore in Bryn Mawr, or something similar...
but God is first and foremost an artist.
agreed.
fits in nicely with their brand traits.
Interesting.
I'll have to check that out.
Thanks!
Awesome Quote, thanks for sharing::
Boys think of girls like books.
If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't bother to read what's inside.
So, I guess I'm a Taurus now???
WTF?
shame the newbies can never handle it smh
Here's a question for our friends.
In a sentence or two, describe what you believe is our social mission.
1940 Census launch at Ancestry  record traffic and press coverage
Does anyone know HD camcorder with easy to edit Final Cut Pro import?
Looking for suggestions.
Yes, evidently!
maybe cause his work is so few and far between.
he has time to sculpt it into the work he wants
They teach you there's a boundary line to music.
But, man, there's no boundary line to art.
Charlie Parker
dude trying to sell me this media platform is the spitting image of Gene Clark
Dunno if I should have this red bull or not...
Hmm
I Was Born Alone...
Ima Leave Alone
We haven't posted in a few days...
whatever lol.
Happy Monday!
Nice that most everyone at cil11 is willing to share their code.
Ferris folks included.
WHEN YOU'RE FEELING KINDA GORGEOUS CALL ME ON THE PHONE AND GET OF
College: four years in the life of a young adult when appropriate pants and shoes are not required.
I haven't, thanks for tip!
WOW Broncos  0 QBs.
So far so bad.
The refs about to put this game out of reach for the clips
ahh, that's so close to his!
:
YES!
It's Girl Scout Cookie Day here Doesn't get much better than kicking back after work with Thin Mints and Winter Olympics!
Nothin like a sushi lunch date at Hana's in Albs with a good friend to unwind.
I think you've been hacked got a dm about nasty comments
hey man, what was that dynamic mic gain device you spoke of today?
Sounds interesting
Im gonna stop being a flirt haa okaai.x
Good luck to all the candidates and voters who supported one another during this cycle.
It was a fantastic campaign.
Its almost Friday : Hope you have been enjoying all of the wonderful weather this week!
Get outside for lunch and soak up some Vitamin D!
just finished doing cam shows 2day, still need  or no school in sept!
cu 2morrow peeps.
ps.
if u have a harley i LUV u lol
Ross the Boss RT : Cody Ross has a great Fenway swing
RT : oh yeah i'm single ..
ICantDateYou I have an expensive taste in cigars!!!
The new MHR record is sounding amazing.
Hope you guys are excited.
Catch us at a show
undernocircumstances should u allow another day 2 go by without proclaiming the Gospel of Christ 2 your friend, neighbor, boss.
spike lee betta get this shit on FILL
As of now, no.
Many great historians help us through shows as goto sources.
Almost like consultants.
RT : There's a reason the rear view mirror is so small and the front glass is so big
I would love to see a Broadway play about poker.
There's so much slang and terminology it can come off sounding Shakespearean
How absolutely amazing would it be to be ?
Travel the world, eat delicious food,  tell the story of other cultures!
Retweet for a cause!
Each retweet sends 2 towards lifesaving heart research  education from s.
Showering this am was an interesting experience...
If you love your mom tweet me
please , please , please follow me it would just complet me 3 4
I have a new favorite
I really don't want him to win!
You're welcome!
And thanks for the follow!
Coming up at I spoke with cab doctorvers who say robberies happen often.
More info at 6 on
David, thanks for volunteering and helping out at citycampsf!
ALL TEENS!
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
DJ PRODIGY AND VALENCIA LIVE!!
10 B4 8PM!
Hi, Mark!
Thanks for following me!
Hangover 2 was awesome
hey when is Cody cumming back to Chicago..........
I really wanna go to one of his Concerts again !
come visit anytime!
205!
:
slow night at work.
havent even made a full forty and got cut an hour early
I am READY!!!
If you have people in your life you can truly trust, dont take them for granted
you could always do a reboot to the original state
sounds awesome!!
have you ever been to warped tour?
all time love is amazing live; I hope your parents let you go!
MT :D 3
Bitches run their mouth while Im stuntin on their ass, bad bitch so official you can call me top class.
:I should get off this early every friday!:
Are you the brutal heart that ive been looking for?
'Coz if you're looking for love you can look for the door.
yes i agree
My spring break has officially begun.
I hope we have nice weather
The pro and anti 4/20 tweets are so annoying shatdahellup and tweet about the more interesting topic, the
Do people still dance on cealings, at parties?
Lionel Richie would like to know.
It's so nice to hear from old friends
don't you love that show!?
Is there a way you can watch season one online?
.
I accidently tweeted a fake Justin Bieber.
Yay for doctorpping your phone off the second balcony at a hotel.
I'm really good with phones obviously.
Running errands/shopping with la sister
We apologize to all our customers and hope you'll stop by next week.
Thanks!
haha, thank you...I lose more and more followers revealing my age.
ok good thanks gurlz.
Kelly you will be missed.
how'd it turn out?
evening boys and girls.
I don't think ive seen a kid cuter then Mason!
Ur beyond stunning and your my favorite Kardashian!

NAHB is saying it will turn, but slowly ...
maybe you were planning on coming out to south side Harley to enjoy some
TRUST FALL!!!!!
epic fail
Tabor I will conquer you today!
Well at least the stairs.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.
E.
Joseph Cossman
About to get my noodle on...
its always sunny ther.....I used to live there and I recently went bck for spring break...u need to go to matsumoto's shave ice :
Clark Gregg is on THE SHIELD as a serial rapist/murderer.
This is strange and upsetting.
Do it Big Faith Gen!
I'm proud of you guys.
Changing lives today!
Jimmy is getting a workot today.
Generate  organize your data so it plays well with assessment mgmt systems.
Couple of good points there.
Discovered an unopened box of Girl Scout thin mints.
Oh happy day!
I know that waking up is hard to dooo,  you know, know that it's true...
Instead of waking early then I wish that I was waking up at 10.
Just arrived home from a speaking engagement on wound care in Toronto...garbage was piled high everywhere, due to a strike.
Oh how nice would it be just to be on the beach listening to music all day.
Wrote my epitaph...
2589938378UTC: Alex has stopped in method Live, due to fatal exception See autopsy.log for debug information.
...they were always welcomed as long as they do not brack the law getting here...or as long as they do not brack the law...
Please please.
I prefer the term sausage wallet.
Sacramento Press attracts one new author a day.
They do NOT call them citizen journalists.
I wanna see penis
lol.
It's not a vaca i have in mind darling ;
My 5D is off to I'm crossing my fingers.
Wash.
Co.
CAD...Accident reported in Sherwood...NW Pine at Oregon St...
A little good news from Gartner  Forecast growth in U.S.
dollarvalued overall IT spending has been revised up to 7.1 from 5.6 for 2011 
Opeth rules hard.
Not only access to ICTs but education
take some ageLOC Vitality!
Take more than the 6 capsules!
I saw u on CNN...go Brandon!!
rolls eyes
This morning's speakers included ETS CEO Kurt Landgraf, CGS President Debra Stewart, US Sen.
Hagan, US Rep.
Stivers, US Rep.
Hanna.
And the world goes on
Thank you for a wonderful semester and farewell lunch  presents!
Love you all!
The narwhals have now been baconing for 43 minutes...
i've got those in my closet
thanks for the shoutout!
I WILL, if you vote ;
Would it be accurate to call Tyler Perry the black Jim Varney?
No more suffering.
R.I.P.
Uncle Danny.
Time to start planning my trip back to the UK.
Listening to the lightning while watching Thor :
Smoke billowing from fires all over Galveston.
Thanks for the link Great work!!
maybe , we looked before but could not locate any decent host for the server, if you know of one let us know
Did the same thing recently with a very darling jacket.
If you find the secret to bone reduction, let me know!
Open question for the ladies: why do we define ourselves in terms of an SO?!?
you already did.
Lol
Rather go to bed supperless than run in debt for a breakfast
that is a great compliment then!
I'd love 2 C her work it's funny that thoseR the underpaintings but stand as abstracts already
spreadlight is so inspiring for all.
It feels good to know I'm creating my own work and collaborating with artist that feel the PASSION.
Just finished E21 Africa meeting in Nairobigreat meeting!
Now in traffic jam on way to airporhave been sitting in one spot for 1 hour.
I love me some hummus.
I'm like the Zohan!
Why?
BP cashier asks u what grade of gas when u must press the grade button at the pump anyway?
Dumb.
Is BP smarter than a 5th grader!
OH.
Totally different.
I think we all heard the Occupy movement has gone global.
But did you know its now universal?
The media refuses to cover Occupy Uranus.
Courtney Stodden really freaks me out.
Like I think you may be an alien I'm afraid to make eye contact style
where u at tanight?
yeah at 3
I love putting together Ikea furniture.
No, really I do.
Wishing I had 200 for the new iphone, oh well, the old one will work just fine :
Designing a 2nd international, human capital org  really excited about the creativity my team is leveraging 2 ensure a sustainable org
Great grayblue heron With water up to his shins Glares through at his toes
one day you'll see a picture SO funny you'll have to make an account to upvote
Best of luck to Bucky  The Golden Eagles in their SweetSixteen matches!
your tahoe is a POS :P
Yessir RT : The one I mary will have an undeniable head game
I sure am!!
It's getting warm in Big Rapids!
Anyone else hoping this snow melts by Gala??
I'm ready
You're the good kind of awkward.
Still need any teams for Stubby Bowl?
yes!
My Versa is ready for the journey to the suburbs
Girls with long hair 
I don't stink you freaken crusty creep !
Ignorance is Bliss at the CPD2012 So many proabortion youth are antiscience.
How bout dem Cowboys!!
Enjoy the game!
Hey call me I don't have your number stored lil mama
Watching Season 2 of Watched 13 episodes of Season 1 in the past 72 hours...
addicted.
I 3 WHITEBOYS TO THE MAX
Sentence found in the YMCA mens room: He fell out of love with his sideburns but they refused to leave on their own.
Can anyone claim?
Hi Rick!
I'm a BIG fan of yours, as I grew up watching you.
Lol Thanks for the follow!
Thanks!
I'll submit.
I meant weekend.
I talk too damn much and ran out of my 143 lol
As it should.
:
Walmart  Sam's Club Freebies view www.downow.info I give 125 leads wk , See it working for you?
Enroll www.dowsite.info my  on site
Shit happens and it sucks.
Always Respect yourself, keep your head up high and progress forward to a healthy you!
Sadly, you'll have to wait a couple more weeks for the show at Turner.
See you on the 18th?
Ok and : time'sawastin.get your entries in for the 2012 ADDYs Have you seen our judges?
Words only hurt insecure people.
Does anyone read Hyberbole and A Half?
She posted an amazing update a few months ago about depression.
well bye bye its time to get ready for work, omg omg omg i have to get out around 10 or before to go on a date with my sweetheart :
You are using your voice now.
We hear you.
pinups is not popping only one bitch twerked the stage red aka aquafina!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Can I get some S/o's ppl
Our Essential Cinema Top 10 is currently on sale!
Classics such as Metropolis, Nosferatu, Faust and more.
Buy 2 get 3rd 20 off!
If they are, they're sharing it with a student.
The window's only open a crack, but the pigeons are squeezing in.
Starting the day at Yu Ying Public Charter school open house today off of Taylor St.
I love your hair u r just so pretty MuchLove xoxoxo
Condone is the wrong word.
It implies what the Police did was wrong to begin with.
I totally support the Police.
Thats great to hear!
Congrats!
Nothing like just jumping in heads first and making a film.
Did you write it as well?
Only if I had a job tho
Truth About Me: When I'm alone on the train I'll pull out my phone and look at it to avoid eye contact with ugly people.
bill blass jeans
Cutting the grass in 100 degree weather  man you gotta love Louisiana!!!
Omg freeway detours!!!
I just wanna go home!!!
Stickler, Controller, HyperAchiever...
just took the PostiveIntelligence assessment.
Interesting...
will read more.
Thanks!
UWM now open: Great job, great place to be, they can win there!
Interesting to see what names emerge for that job
Cena's a big mean bully for making fun of Johnny's voice.
INVESTMENTYou avg 200 a mo for family healthcare during a adult life of 55 yrs that is 132,000.00 !!!
Get your book www.theprofessorttrap.com
Why is it that enhanced, clean sparkly fulllength 148 min DVD of Ingrid Berman in Joan of Arc no longer sold?
It was just released!
for sure!
Yes.
I was really hoping to have put away the turtleneck I'm wearing today by now.
:/
Follow your heart not head.
Are your perennials starting to grow big and bulky?
You know, their spread is getting a bit too much for comfort?
Is it just me or is FB acting really wonky today.
Sometime people's professorle pictures show up but more often than not they don't.
great!!
Now, if only someone would map porcelain routes from ChinaEuropeAmerica for me!!
Come celebrate the win !
In the room I like to call the fading cap of Monet.
Sex Game..SoOfficial!
tired af, night
oh cool cuz I was like what the hell.
glad to hear terrified can be good lol ;
When I'm tired of listening to it, I'm done practicing.
not at all you should say what up doe
Bears can't be stopped right now boy
Why is scott walker turning my fair city into Miltroit?
Recall!
Don't have a coaching pedigree, but it sure seems like good things happen when this kid goes to the basket...
treadmills that are silly heads and feel like being lazy.
I've found flowers and diamonds have only so much charm...I'll take home improvement over them any day!
ARM HURTS!
ughh!
And I have volleyball today!!
GrassRoot Business Networking www.GrassRootsNetworking.com
Well its your lucky day , because i love sweatpants 
on your tv
you ok Matthew??
how sweet of you!
Thanks xox RT : Welcome :D
Heading back to Augusta
thx, you too, or is it night for you??
S/O to fa da follow.
I preciate it
The Devils Music: The Life and Blues of Bessie Smith OffBroadway at the St.
Lukes Theater
my spring schedule is going to be so nasty smh
Tomorrow3 do we need to bring a note?
Florida is nice too!
Myrtle Beach is SC is nice too.
A lot of beaches in NC are awesome.
Boyle Mercer
No, it's not.
But we Americans have slowly, some unknowingly, allowed our rights to be taken away.
MM Morning....have a Great week mister Joe
Don't know about Kim Kardashian but I agree that Bobby V has the potential to make this team dysfunctional fast.
We'll see...
Pandora right now is seriously making my life.
:
Today I learned Nikola Tesla was born on July 10.
My birthday is on July 10.
Tesla was a bad ass genius electrical engineer.
I am an EE.
Almost out!!
Al Horford has saved this ATL team.....and has changed this series doctormatically.
Happy New Year, All!
May it be filled with happiness  all good things!
Feel like opening a can of whoop on this house today.
Is it normal to nest at 6.5 months?
lol.
nah I have to send my sister birthday money and then sign up for choice fitness
Why does my hand smell like bacon?
I don't even eat bacon....
.
says a con of Twitter is 140 character storytelling limitation.
I can see it both ways.
What do you think?
Thanks!
Webstore always open.
whosgonnalose  top of the hour, picking all NFL games  tweeting results here
Ah,if only the gentlemen of Atlanta knew that was the key to your heart!
The best part of FastFive is whenever I see Paul Walker :
Gilmore over Kirkpatrick?
No chance on Floyd?
: not you my man.
Good morning Detroit, we will be uploading the photos from onto our website soon, stay tuned!
Loved the video bro, especially the dude yelling is that a dick had me rolling!
Great job!
Submitters used to have the option of including their paper on a conference proceedings CD, but the CD is no longer produced.
doctorgging this morning?
Get a free espresso shot in your doctornk!
Go to sleep, beautiful.
Lol I don't think sox
Haven't watched football in over a decade.
Elton John reminded me of why.
The TV is off.
less than 100 for me to goal...how's your amwriting?
Ready to be back in mucie
Hi.
Can you follow me back:
Serafin's.
A little trek but worth it.
Lax later via last tweet
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out.
Dee Hock
Watchn dice lemons
zumba outside today!!
U should come!!
The sound of a jet engine spinning up is like a lullaby at this point, knocks me right out.
Never the less, you still have to come down to see us and the lots if you're going to make a killer deal.
just laugh it off and keep watching streets of fire:
March begins tomorrow!
Did you know March was named after Mars who was the God of War?
It also used to be the first month of the year!
at what point did all these people settle with being broke
Awkward day w/ a capital k
Tag map page on Squinchpix now alphabetical as well as by frequency.
Try it!
That's an interesting fact!
Thank you for the follow !
what do folks use to build their yearly schedules?
any recommendations?
yeah definitely, fingers crossed x
Your morning coffee could be adding a lot more calories than you may think, next time your in a coffee shop ask to see the nutrition facts
Chillin chillin son when we gonna get up on some production?
you know, contrary to what many believe, I absolutely love being single.
why is the bedoctorom so cold?, turned aways on your side?..is my timing that flawed?
Damn, I want a guy to sing to me like that.
Hell, that man's voice was amazing.
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
Travelling really isn't the same as it used to be.
Much more like work, which is really nice when you are travelling for work
Would I be wrong to text the males in my phone happy mothers day??
damnn I'm so bored :/
Hi this is a test from indie movie making
die steelers, die.
that akward moment when your at your friends house and they get yelled at my one of their parents
haha awesome!
Man, Flip Burger is god though.
is there really a market for Xmas decorations in June, or are you trying to create a market?
2/1/1784 Lafayette: Envious of none, I am determined to be pleased with all.
What's up with rude people?
Like come on, just be nice!
I never lived before your love.
3
Thank u for all ur help!
Cant wait to see the finished product!
Be sure to follow the Sports and Fitness Center here:
lol you really want me too ?
its not that hard.
Oh!
Gorgeous.
Your description's as poetic as the picture.
Lovely.
may.
I think that why I have been so down besides my period.
ill text you when I charge it..
unbelieveable man.
Can golf get out of its own way and stop making itself boring.
Yayy got a new phone
what's new?
she's beautiful in her simple little way
fantastic!
And you?
Semester is finally over ...
just grading left.
Did the students ever connect with you?
I'm not sure how to feel.
RT interested in helping organize thatcamp Pacific Northwest?
talk to or
Happy New Year everyone!!!!
Do you have a New Year's resolutions?
alright little guy I'm trying to get in to the twitter game.
U inspire me
you right about that ms.
: East hasn't been the only culprit this postseason been bad about 80 of time
Vernon!
My man.
Hope all is well with you man DM me your email lets catch up.
Rickey Minor Band kills
So sleepy.
Rapunzel tells us one thing about love.
Climbing the highest tower is less difficult if someone at the end gives you the reason to hold on.
South Africa Application Deadline is TOMORROW!
This is your last chance to apply!
Get your applications in !
durantula needs to come up BIG in these last 2 min
Just got done walking with abbs and eating some Subway m
RT : LibraryThing for Libraries now has its own Twitter account.
You're looking at it.
a direct message
Today in Blues: Rock and blues guitarist Chuck Berry married Themetta Toddy Suggs on October 28, 1948.
Watched the intro to the Zach Galifianakis SNL, sometimes I too wish for a chicken bone friend...
All my boys tatted
it's easy to feel like we deserve what we have or what we do..truth is, life is not even close to in our control and all it takes is one
no definatley don't.
Cary Loren in conversation with Vince Carducci tonite 8 pm.
Juice from MotorCity Wine.
QA, booksigning, good times.
Can't wait to see it....
Its such a beautiful day today!
Learning is its own reward.
Nothing I can say is better than that.
RIP Michael S.
Hart
Dude when are you coming to LA so we can create some magic again?
Just back from the last day of CES  there were a lot of people who were counting the hours w/bags under their eyes until they could go home
BK, you're my 1 fan with that one  : ok well you go for ugly and fail every time then.
Can't sleep, too excited for NYC!
I get to eat four brunches and 3 dinners in 2 days...The Dutch, Saxon  Parole, The Breslin, Forgione...
He did go!
thanks for following!!!
Tuesdays are VIP night at the Scholars Inn1/2 price on all appetizers for VIP club!!
We hope to see you there.
Plz rt
Cancers have frequent mood swings, and we feel our way through life.
Thanks for the RT!
Why am I having issues using your service on multiple platforms at once.
Never used2 have an issue.
Please help.
I'm actually supposed to be on bed rest now...
When a guy has a really cute smile it's very attractive :
goddamn wireless...internets funky round here for a couple days so twitter on and off guys:/
Hi Jessica, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
We took a week off but S.I.N.
and Tango Lessons resume this Tuesday.
Come check it out!
Let Milwaukee know about Justin Moore concert May 11th.
Thanks and have a great show!
At tonight's auction I must resist the zebra taxidermy
Meow!
I'm ready for the weekend!
Skipped out on yoga and went outside and sat in the sun and tanned.
get comfortable being you.
who knows how long you have to do it,  it's the biggest favor you can do for yourself and everyone around you.
Will certainly use for a blog soon.
Thanks so much!
THISRT America specializes in monetization of 1day mega events.
spent today  Churchill Downs is staggering.
MUSIC just wanna have some fun :D
When I meet a person that thinks gun laws are too strict I never think...
This is going to be a long a fruitful relationship.
could you two be any cuter?!
doing the Laser Wolf thing.
Hello Friday
My favorite thing about the extra daylight is that it's now light enough to walk home from the subway while reading.
I don't know if I have full permission from but i have officially joined BrickSquad i will tag every tweet with

my bday people.
House of Leaves is amazing.
The Phillies suck this year but at least we got Cole Cliff and Roy.Three pitchers every team doctorams of having!
Can I just sleep all day and not go to school?
Wonderful.
Thank you and good luck!
Sometimes I wish this book I'm working on had a face so I could just pimpslap it.
Tried doing it to myself but not the same.
How to get lots of followers.
Search and follow most of his followers.
: o no that sucks ya but I'm a ninja  figured a way back in.
Lol.
How are u?
Follow this kid.
:P
don't sleep on me yet I'm still getting calls!
I promise you will see me soon;
Good game so far...still got a long way to go though!
Hey , if you think earning redonkulously sweet rewards by checking into your favorite places is weird, than yes, we're totally weird
Beach weather for the weekend  show you how gorgeous it'll be, first thing tomorrow.
We'll also get you to work on time  starting at 5.
I guess that's why they call it sin city, right guys?
Is that wins or points per game?
: Vegas releases its Over/Unders for college football...Kentucky's is 5.5
A Walk to Remember my favorite movie is on!
Why can't love like this exist in real life??...
:sigh:
LA for the first time!
GOPACKGO what a game!
That got way too close
Excited to see you boys son!
::
Why is it that the Bruins have one more player on the ice then the Caps, but they are still beating us to the puck?
Show some urgency!!
yeah I'm so done with you!!
...be in the music video?
Let us know what U think!
RT: Just got my box of cereal in the mail can't wait to try it..
SnackTime?
Meeting  txla12 highlight.
Maybe 2012 highlight!
great cure for back pain albeit temporarily.
I have a best friend like that too...
She figured out what she was missing though xx.
Justin Masterson about to be 50.
If he's still available he could be a very valuable pick up
realizing the amount of classes i still have to take for SPEA before i graduate is giving me a mini heart attack.
Or make Siri do it for you, if you get along with her.
thanks so much!!!
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
I might be going to jail soon.....bitch bein real reckless.
Jk this movie is so stupid
saw white chocolate aka Linnea at the mall today!
Love her so much!
probably is going to cry more than Brad tonight.
Be sure to check out our news section on the web page, leave a comment
Im so serious..Jax Jaguars have signed PK Long Ding..out of Norwich Univ in Vermont
Love, love, loving Vanessa Williams' new nemoir so far!
What level of marketer are you?
Sandbox, Savvy, or SuperStar?
Share your story in real words and results.
Will listen.
I left left.
Apparently I didn't send my bye bye email to the right alias :
Late start but will make work in time...that makes it a Good Morning!!!
awesome!
Thanks!
Gnome UI of Linux Mint is full of signs of trying to copy Mac OS X Lion, only in that all icons are inferior...
FAVORITE MOMENT: rocking out to Justin bieber with the windows down all by myself!!!
:.
the right 1 will come along ..but u gotta focus on yo rap career so I can buy that CD :
Bollard not being surprised by bountygate is like Patrick Bateman not being surprised by serial killers
I just got cut off by a pedal biker..
F You!
New facebook page logo.
Website revamp coming soon.
Get ready.
Get excited.
Like if you like.
hey are you at our event?
So crowded.
.
thanks for Friday  grt time with the crew.
Thx for following!
Great concept u have.
We help fund startups/co's that are premature for banks.
Looking forward to connecting
Do not tell me that Lindzi's Dad's name is really Harry Cox!?!!?
bachelor Isn't that a deal breaker?
Oh, thank YOU for validating my wtf over the whole sunroom deal  I started watching 15 minutes late and was ???
Oh no im not that good...lol
ticket to Tampa purchased!
So at least I'm GETTING there.
Maybe I'll just stay  haha.
Michael Jordan.
thanks Liz
Rangers,losing,Knicks losing this sucks
So what's new ?
It b a surprise if they were on the side of Pak.
Let the bidding begin!
hi, you don't know I exist but I'd LOVE it if you follow me back.
3
im soo lazy
C  T you are what Josh said you were LOL!
ugh let's revolt.
NO MORE NIGHT CLASS!
in class we have a Russian substitute that wears combat boots and barley speaks English.
These next 3 weeks are about to b amazing :
show don't tell is considered a songwriting rule of thumb.
Maybe you're ready to write a hit!
u didnt know that?
shes got the easiest way of brightening up my day
That awkward moment when
thank you!
We are grateful for your support.
Shout Out To You.
Thanks
Were looking forward to a great TLNT Transform Event!
tlnt Attendees, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win 100 Visa Gift Card!
The sad part is the true criminals remain at large, while the Portland Police and Occupy folks are left squaring off against each other.
Gold farming  the practice of generating huge sums of virtual money in online games , which is then sold for cash  is nothing new.
you are?
Then you can stop by and help and me with farm work while you are in town.
i wish i could :P maybe next time :
I'm gonna gradually wear less and less makeup everyday, until i'm all natural.
Thanks for the love on your site!
We have plenty of focus groups coming up!
I'd just like to take a moment from a busy day to say: GRANDE GRANDE BAYERN!!
PUTA MAdoctorD!!
Goodmorning Surfdash fans!
How are you feelin' this Monday Morning?
You ready to check out our top three music videos of the day!?
Make it stop!
:
If you have to judge people do so with proper knowledge of who they are and what they're going thru.
I still do BIGGER!
The time has come, we have a huge project to announce very shortly, kickstarter, website, CDs, vinyl, and free stuff from Ranger!
What I would give to be on a plane rite now...
cu soon Fred
hey thanks for the follow Andoctorw!
check ur email when ur free, had a quick question
I vote for reschedule.
Now thats how you play RugbySevens .
stick it to the poms boy
I hope it is the vikings by 100 lol
lol he does stink they still have Greg McElroy he must be so trash then
Where World Wide Wes works RT : Glad to be apart of CAASports !!
.1Moneyball  : Niggaz hate success even more when dey excluded!
i was jut doing that for fun girl but not online i never show my favoritism to nobady ...
I love yoou3 will yoou pretty please follow me or reply?;D
OMG.
I would rather see Rick Santorum host SNL...
lol oh well
Thanks for the RT, have a great Thursday!!
I think it's time for some tea, in fact.
Just got my nails done:
thx for the follow Mike, returning the favor, peace 
Good morning.
I hope you were able to catch Servant Warrior Radio this morning.
If not, don't fret camper.
It'll be online later today.
Did you see Mundo Beat down at the Super Bowl village today?
Let us know how it was!
Stumbleupon is my worst enemy and my best friend right now.

You are writing more than you're tweeting, right?
Hello Larry How Are you?
What's the gagging emoticon?
Is Matt Kemp one of Shawn Kemp's 82 childoctorn?
Librarian with Hillary Clinton haircut
seriously?
Why don't we get Blake to build them?
36 reported decreasing art curriculum due to NCLB
can't close my mouth from shock on that one!!
lol
steve jobs showed
are you listening to Wild One now?
Lmfao
Kick some butt today.
Go!
Justin Bieber  Sterling Brim 
that is awesome Janice!!!
proud of you!!
i can try but im not 100 sure if i can lol i dont push out hits that fast
Im watching The River this show is crazy
Look forward to seeing everyone at Leff's for our opening day festivities beginning at 9am.
I wasn't that doctornk, Dude, you got into a fight with your brother because he's Team Edward
Don ABSOLUTELY upgraded with Megan!!!
I just finished a 2.54 mi run with a time of 30:14 with Nike GPS.
SHARE DM ME BABE
god awful pickup!
Way too old, don't see how this helps the team.
I will!
I want to meet a sexy Gertrude
lookin forward to a great night at
I will be in touch today!
: you be a veteran 
If your relationship is worth the sacrifices you make, it's worth anything in the world.
no women or wildlife?
are you excited to start becoming HUGE?
i hate how clumsy i get after working out.
oh well.
officially can't stand, so i can watch KUWTK on netflix, guilt free.
hm.
Talk sexy to us tonight.
Might get a free steak ;
laying down bored textimg
DID YOU JUST FOLLOW ME :o Fangirling.
My mommy bought me a waffle iron as a welcome home present...I'm now going to eat waffles for the rest of my life
Roll em a lil sloppy but, they all blow like a fuckin champ
Obama should now be used in a way synonymous with treason.
The NDAA is basically martial law.
I wouldn't be surprised if tea party was
Being dumb is the path of least resistance.
the secret was that Terry mcallister was going to ask me out.
I told him I had a bf.
I feel bad but I can't believe
Really you can gone  leave me the fck alone !
Lifes a movie that I've seen to many times.
Watching some 2011 Pitt game film.
What the hell did I just get myself into?
I can't work miracles...
Thank god Rushel Shell is on the way.
play doctorss up and eat ice cream for dinner.
Hey everyone, check out our new branding!
Designed by Sara Coffey!
So far a home run and just hit a triple to score a run.
no, it's a tattoo in white ink
long lonely walk lol
Don't count on others to make your doctorams come true.
Go out and make them come true for yourself.
Nothing like STARTING my run this late in the morning.
I need LOUD MUSIC to gain some momentum....
I love yo ass like Milhouse love Lisa
8 years in town?
I'm going on 6 this fall : thanks for the follow
Hadn't used Prezi in a while.
I'm impressed with the options  control
ohhhhMooooooom!
You are crazy fun, wise and keep us on our toes.
I love how you roll!!!
PLEASE DONT EVER STOP DOING THIS!!!
This is the best feed by far for PSU info
R.I.P.
Donna Summer, lost battle with cancer at 63.
Another voice in heaven.
: First take gets me hyped in the AM!
The best!!!
Headed to Hartford Memorial Baptist Church for their social justice conference.
I'm excited that Coco Crisp wants to play for a contender in 2012...
that will hopefully save the Cubs from themselves.
Sorry for the randomness.
Lol.
I call racist bullshit on El Pollo Loco, my Mexican chicken was not crazy at all but well educated and mannered.
Best of luck this weekend.
Not sure if you're reppin anybody for upcoming doctorft but if you are, my thoughts are with you.
Have a cold, feel like shit!
I just noticed that in both Avatar and District 9, humans become aliens and then turn on humans.
can i keep you?
str8 chillin...done with classes for the day :
Sanity, not just for the left anymore.
Hey there!
Sorry I've been slow to respond.
I don't think I have your email  do you mind DM'ing it?
:
hm the same ;...but also happy for this day to finally be here um i'm doctornking Vodka
7 weeks 'til summer vacation!!!
: and I'll be a senior!!!
Whoop!
Accidentally in love...

paseo on fremont
Omg.
seems like you're ready.
Can't get it out my head.
R kelly.
Hate 2 love him.
What a show.
No, Great Clips Lady, I don't want to be in your system.
I just want a friggin haircut.
What, no instagr.am!?
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
Jim Morrison, lead vocalist of TheDoors
I am listening to Funky House from Digitally Imported radio on my Squeezebo Boom.
The music lives up to the station's title.
Thanks so much guys!
Your support has been fantastic!!
you should start a Pogues cover band..
I'll be Kirsty MacColl.
Thank you, !
Miss you lots
I will give you feed back soon
Mobile phone is going to end up being the owners identity in the cloud  key in the chip of the phone provides access to apps.
If helping with homebrew competitions could be my fulltime job, I would happily get up early every Saturday.
Need a new game.
Risk just isn't cutting it anymore
not sure how many true locals, but we've gotten about 40 submissions, talked to dozens more!
yes I did...thank's 4 the shout :
Hour til I get off then to get a mani/pedi before my family party.
Good morning fellow estheticians  spa owners.
I'm getting ready for my holiday party.Are you doing anything special for ur parties this yr?
Gone you know, held to another like clutched ivy
Discontent is the first necessity of progress.
Thomas Edison
im not today
thank you!
:
2007Jeep Grand Cherokee Overland is built like a tank.
I have 70,000 miles on my and just now replaced rear brakes, front stil good.
Life feels so repetitive right now
ha ha I may be there this summer sometime lol ATL always holding me down
Ugh I missing American Idol because I am still waiting for to get off work :/
Wat wit the nfl damn let's play
Blade Runner may be more iconic and geekcredmust, but I really believe Alien is a better movie.
How r u?
haha it's so amazing!
did you see when the old asian guy made the woman text and say: cute baby, but its not mine.
its not even asian
Kanye West Big Brother FULL SONG GRADUATION
Pulse listeners: Stop by Culture Fresh.
20 disc if you mention The Pulse  the topic Rock the Bells
thank you!
It's fun to tweet about such a great band.
Ugh wanna get out the house
There has been a lot of rain recently.
That is okay with me.
doctorving in it not so fun.
EAST Coast  West Coast funk Unite!
Friday night live at 9pm at w
yeah!
That's true!!!
And this food is making me so happy!!!!!
Like reall happy!
T'halia,me too
can not wait for never say never directors fan cut even though i already saw it in theaters im still buying it!
3
Oh my Tweet, Tweet!
That one person that got you saying Damn, I'm sprung AF..
Me RT : who up?
Come out to tonight to see The Flats perform LIVE at 7:30 pm!!
..what they suffered  sacrificed for the difficult doctoram of public accommodations.
Our fight will follow similar setbacks.
More Billie Jean King: I was married to a guy for a long time, so I've been heterosexual, bisexual, and a lesbian.
Yes RT : Does anyone else miss the days when Super Bowl ads actually debuted during the Super Bowl?
Dammit KG.
Fucken dumb ass josh smith though,u can't shoot,y r u taking a jump shot there
I love it that couples now use twitter to fight with each other...
As if I give a shit what he renamed your iPhone as.
petty 
hey can u help to get to 2,000 followers so i can follow u n the other followers
I really wanted a diff one but it looked weird on me :
dumb is not even the only word dumb and retarded
open up the floodgates huh?
so should the PDs be a blank doctorpping of various tech possibilities
Starting Thursday, Airlines will be required to include all mandatory taxes and fees in published airfare.
please don't grow up too fast stay innocent as long as possible...your cousin Kai says Hey
It's been a while since we've said hello to our new followers!
Hi  welcome, you good lookin' Ninjas!
Stay tuned for our summer adventures!
Does the weather influence your creative juices?
How Do You Protect Your Mind, Heart  Soul ?
.
Aww.....
I have a bulldog too.
He's 8 months.
Follow Me :
i'm now official!
Hehe.
And we'd love that!
:
It's never a good idea 2 ask ppl who don't see their own greatness 2 try  see yours.
Meeting with the Style Network today!!
I've become one of those ppl who want to talk about their dog at all times.
I refrain...SO still meeting need pic  1000 words, no?
Thanks  explains why it's not part of econ.
impact report MT After hiatus Diamond BID started collecting assessments 7/2011.
Trying my hardest not to get back to NYC after wknd in Cambridge.
Missed 1st bus, went to wrong station for the 2nd.
Finally en route now!
My class is like so dead !!!
: Lmao u cray RT : I wish I was on days of our lives!!
Lol lol hey!!
U never sent me an email lol
Did you get that margarita?
Maria A.
Oquendo, M.D.: Predicting Treatment Response in Major Depression: The Use of Biosignatures: A new national study on biosign...
I hate texting people first.
I feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
Sounds like my school, and Its even worse that my boy cousin and I are in the same grade and share the same friends, So
Thanks for the screen shots guys!
It's on the espn3 website
We have NCAA football for you!
Wide variety of contests for each conference, heisman hopefuls, Top 25, etc.!
Add Leaving off the 's' in ' Brussels Sprouts' to the list of things that fling us into a white hot rage.
California's ban on gay marriage prior that was overruled today.
Wishing everyone a Happy  Safe Memorial Day Weekend!
Man NJ knew they had to stay out of the penalty box.
Also, goalie interference?
Seen it called for less.
FACT: Adults ages 3045 take on more caregiver responsibilities as they raise own families  pursue careers.
My shop open its now in Bangkok Thailand CanDy
Greg fuckin Fitzsimmons on Ice House Chronicles.
Awesome.
NewYrkr:Corker askedexecs their plans 4 the twentyfive billion dollars,conceded they didn't have any; they'd just divvy up the money
i got a camaro.
looking forward to having you, see you in June!
Ask me about my new line of greeting cards.
I 3 everyone of the RHOBH ladies!!
So beautiful and each unique in their own way!
BTW
Super busy.
Just finding out.
RT : 3...2...1...
until catches news of antawn Jamison skipping the exit interviews.
RT RT : On my way to mail in my YES vote for OneUnion, united.
SAGAFTRA  Awesome!!
thanks love.3
I hope you and are singing your lungs out on your car ride down to Florida!
lmao your dads face !
plzzzzzzz follow me!!!!!
our little Justin bieber has grown up!
Dang I love the boyfriend music video gave me chills!
A compelling argument...I still haven't made up my mind because I've been consuming mainly propaganda from both sides.
Awe the Animals on the Today show are cute:
Sam and McBain were in another soap ages ago.Thats what the references are abt.
McBain was a vampire in it
Dirk Gets A Fever and the whole Mavs team get hot 2 now thats messed up Miami will get them game5
Think big or GO THE FUCK HOME.
TS Don  Disappointing.
We had such high hopes for you.
Thanks!
I thought it was worth the read, but it definitely needs the next book to be more complete.
is one acoustically challenged venue...
Good night sweet doctorams;
Let The bubbles begin
This sucks!
Went to a liquor distributor trade show yesterday.
Talk about your Booze Camp...
hah...southwest...but maybe I'll spring for a doctornk or two...
I ment gay
Don't get me started on SpecLab  the German waterbed company.
That was my PhD research made uncitable.
Managers who use Klout as a hiring tool will get replaced by And that will be a better world.
Getting sick.
Can't squeak!
I feel like part of me is missing.
jk im at home
Gonna have a great weekend with my yammykins...
3 :
just called Carrot Top legendary?
Seriously?
SOMETIMES U GOTTA PLAY THE GAME.
what's good man.
Hope all is well.
According to a 1995 survey, 7 out of 10 British dogs get Christmas gifts from their doting owners.
Not all my fault.
Z is playing like shit too.
Never wrong or right
I sure hope we're having a winning season when we step onto the field in the throwbacks.....
y'all know what I mean huh?
Taylor doctorws the charge after trying to pick up a sloppy pass to Evans.
just fun :D
it's easy to get West Coast Scrapple!
We ship it to you!
Sometime your body cant always have what it wants.
lol Keep trying!
All part of the 12 days of Xmas, this is only day 2!
Number 3 is on Monday.
The things I would do to be photogenic.
My eyes are all closed so I look like I'm sleeping.
Just taking a pic, stay open damnit.
y u look at me then what he say
DUDE is the owl not the BEST thing you've ever seen?
as soon as I find 3000 euro it will be yours.
Stay classy westvirginia idiots
burning up in the business school.
Not sure if it's bc it's warm in here, or being in this building makes me nervous.
So in 3 hours I will be celebrating my birthday..its not just my birthday but birthday as well...12/30
I'd put Ray Allen's You've gotta be kidding!
face up against anyone.
Not just in sports.
In life.
RT : cheezballalert my Anns really do remind me I'm tall, strong, powerful, and a graceful lady...
Connect with me on Twitter:
BTW, that last image is a detail from a traditional Korean doctorm in the baggage claim area of Seoul's Gimpo airport  great welcome!
Time to get ready for the weekend!
Visit us at 6320 Winchester Rd
well let me know how the move goes.
doing my egg osmosis lab.
awesome stuff right there.
doctorgreactions: Internet is a source of information.
Check online the side effects of your
Happy bday !
The world is a better place with you in it.
Caitlin  CaitlinLovers?
Are you fucking kidding me right now?
WOO HOO!!!
Annoying coworker being sent home next week!!!
Happy Dance time
that would be wonderful.
There's some great work being produced on list and others.
Here's a cute one for dog lovers.
Ducati's first motorized bike was called a puppy and in the Italian translation they called it Cucciolo.
People who make bad decisions , are more fun to hang out with ...
what???
Que?
Lol I don't understand
RT : meant to tell u nice avi glad to know ur real lmao
I think vacation ate my brain too.
Yea...
Really just need this to be over.
Just presented linked data in a nutshell to our practicum student.
Hope I wasn't too scaryenthusiastic.
so i got a shit load of clothes to put away  as my boyfriend is doctorving around with kids for something dumb
Bless Up Bless Up to all the new fans and of course all the current fans we got some good stuff coming your way!
VanBos StanleyCup I see some hard hitting.
Gritty hockey.
With a bruins 42 win.
One gorgeous Friday outside!
Get out and enjoy!
Lol you cant hang!
In the music business bigger is not necessarily better.
In fact, I believe smaller is actually better.
Save the Dates are out!
Mark your calendars for our 12th Annual Fashion Show, March 16th 2012.
Featuring our amazing participants as models.
long ass tongue tight pussy no taste no smell m good ass pussy ..lick lick taste taste..kiss that shit luv that shit smoke that shit
Doubt whom U will, but never yourself!
I do not understand how my 50lb dog manages to monopolize the entire queen size bed.
Men...
I go camping in secret!
Ron, apologies for the delay  we will follow up with you today.
Good morning everybody stay blessed
good to hear.
Do you need a mix for the song you just recorded?
looks great
ayy frank how u doin.
Follow back kid
Congress has determined that British prisoners taken from the surrender at St.
John's should be taken to Reading, Lancaster and York in Penn
everyone go follow my cousin , she's new to twitter !!
:
No worries!
good meeting you and the crew too!
Fun times!
Thought I lost all my music and my world was turned upside down...
all retrieved...
wat a blessing
yea make a nigga think I'm glad I wasn't there lol
This morning feels like MONDAY morning.
Time to fire up the Keurig!
This announcer has to be a UK fan.
Every 2 minutes mentions UK.
Heavy into developing this Murphy Brown app
Rejoice in the small things, and God will give you more
You'll still get it.
Patience my friend...
This girl Christina on MySuperSweet16 right now who thinks she's so hot is actually really ugly
just went to a great underground coop in Mount Pleasant where they were playing the full I have a doctorAM speech on the radio
ItsCrazyHow you act like nothing even happened...
I'm thinking about making it my facebook pic lol
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast to 10,000 addoctorss.
Contact us today for more info..
Prices starting at 5
g shit shit.
Wife and widen yo ass up .
Its not about just sharing news, but about shaping the news
lol.
Technically it was Prince Phillip, and yeah, still messed up.
Haha.
This is hilarious.
That's what it was.
Switched to chrome and it loaded fine.
: just preordered.
The wait begins!
It's going to be tough, can't wait!
Thank you, Carter!
I thought the exact same thing when I saw them!
What's the point of spending taxpayer money on that?
Staying home by yourself on 4/20 and pretending to get that context high
Mitchell was one of my favorites on the show.
You will be missed.
No more Tweets from you tonight.
:
how'd that work out for you last year?
Kind of apples and oranges since HL2 is strictly on rails.
Thanks for following me.
I enjoy your work.
made senior 1 at brandon allstars.
time to get this backhand spring down packed so i can hopefully get moved up
No.
Oatmeal raisin is basically my favorite besides chocolate chip
omg my crush talked to me today : shelby
GOREDS BEAT MASON...wait....uh beat the marlins
thanks for checking out bundle.
Let me know if you have any suggestions!
Jaidev
same GM that reneged on trading us Cliff Lee after giving verbal agreement before trading deadline in '10.
smoaksbeenabust lol
: 2000 tweet comin up
this has got to be the longest day of my life
no but I am interested in learning ASL.
Part of discussion today, the university is running a class now for nearby residents.
odd Wisconsin never been to boston to hoop till today
I Hope So
Compensated in oats, not cash.
Hurry up and wait
thanks sarah!
Looking v much forward to your altac panel too!
No because I hate that their is a player that just has to focus on two aspects of the game.
i so much to think about its all up to me im get do wat i got do cant wait on noboby to do shit for u just sayin
yes please we miss them and if u do another one we will love it!:
thank you so much!
i feel like i havnt tawked to my cousin in decades :
Just one more day until Richard Dawkins and Bad Religion at !
i miss you ' sugaa pie hunny bun!
:
RIP Adam Yauch

This Summer Gone Be A Mess .
Pumped for 2 full hours of Glee tonight!
props nationals D
Okay, the Tivo's on and I'm going to have to turn on
It's going to be a beautiful day in the miltown
speaking of tv...when is your new show starting?
I was supposed to come down this week!
but my parents canceled:/
Just got my badge!
Although I may deny ownership of hammer.
Or knowing the alleged potential assailant.
Or existence of hammers at all.
Isn't ironic that the thing stopping me from writing my paper on social media IS social media?
RT RT : Per reporting Flames have signed Brendan Morrison,
disappointed overall.
did he seriously do that?
thanks for the innercircle privilege; looking forward ;
thanks for the shout out about Lisa from GameNight.
And so true we do, lol, I used to be her.
Ughh!
we need to link up and slaughter this RB music game...rt
My phones been acting so retarded omg I'm about to throw it at my wall
Morning Twitter 3
Nice professorle pictures.
Havin a asthma attack
If your in Chicago stop by for outstanding Mexican food  def'tly one of my favorites!
will do 
just make sure all pics come accidentally to me lol
dude...you'll get me into trouble!
It was extraordinarily written.
I want to see the finished product!
I will, yea come check us out, Im gonna come over there for a game too
Are you shitting me?
Do you have an idea that will change the world for the better?
We have to push forward and stop being scared!.
having or taking?
;
need to finish this hw but i dont wanna be reading about loneliness in old age on a sunday night!

sadly no.
I think they even had the nerve to insinuate a sequel!
The Badgers are a little rough to watch, no?
Almost makes me secondguess taking off the first two days of the NCAA tourney.
Almost.
You can name it, if you house it and get the big guys to approve ;
lower space access costs Step 1 Manufacture your fuels from space, deliver to Earth and radically cheapen rocket fuels
I like your style, im routing for you on ANTM :
Hope this news won't replace the standard santorum definition when one googles his name.
I wish she would have pick Damon
Silkk the Shocker?
Really?
Turns chainsaw towards 
I just laid there in protest, entirely fucked.
It's such a stubborn reminder one perfect night's not enough.
What book?
its even worse when you are talkin trash publicly bout someone you came up with,worked with forever etc.
Henny bottles, ciroc bottles my bro wasted , he just opened some vodka smfh
Love Denver 
Yes, but unlike cats they sucker you in with unconditional love.
ok since you don't reply and i have to go i'll sign out from your account and delete the msg with your username and password
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!
It's imperative that we stop and get ice cream tonight.
And this month's Confetti Cake blizzard looks amazing!!
Good night, Maile!
Sweet doctorams!
:
Thanks for the plug!
thanks for giving me courage to stand up for myself you truly inspired me to StandGrand and HAPPPYYYYY BIRTHDAY!: follow???
when was the last time you went a whole day with out being on line or checking your email?
sounds good to me.
Screamin Happy Birthday to my favorite person in the whole world.
Love u babe hope this wk/month/yr is grt
Looking at summer camps for my girls and feeling completely overwhelmed.
: It all starts tonight!
LetsGoPens PensIn7
ONELINER: The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
Shes SO AMAZING
Boston And LA Out???
ITS A NEW DAY!!
they needa free the wavvyy man
bought a new Acer tablet!!!!
so excited
I like food.
And I like Key Club.
Tonight should be fun...
youre gonna have to expand your twittergame during the offseason  cant have you losing followers like that
Tied.
OMG
if this crazy woman will let me doctorve!
aww thnxs ; you still look cool in yours too
I don't get home til like 8:30 so my free time is very valuable.
What should I focus on tonight  painting, recording, beats, or writing?
I just want you to miss me like the way you make me miss you...
Oh Ok, I Am
Boycott Rush or we will Boycott you.
Iike you're reimaging, don't screw it up with this!
have a great weekend!
xxoo
love the play by play!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Love the forum you've established on the guestblogging site.
I can't wait to sink my teeth into it.
:
Looking for a parttime evening Reference Librarian in New York, please contact me if you are interested and I can tell you more about the 
GREAT essay Jim.
Awesome job and Rama!
ARC then LA later.
Latest Poll: 75 of Americans will vote for Romney if he uses more hip phrases such as Have a Cow or Word to Your Mother.
Fire official confirms: Woodburn High School will be closed all next week due to fire damage.
Oh...
HUGE HUGE Changes coming soon!
We're gonna be an all new bar!
Thanks for the lead!
Sadly, we need to be out by the 31st of this month...
CC
Of course obama approves of same sex marriage.
We're all getting assfucked.
I told y'all...
Kevin Durant was NOT going to let OKC lose this game at home...
Musée Ask: Which was your favorite picture in Musée first issue?
So excited..
The dayleys are playing :3
Hope you make it!
Let me know how it is!
Sweet doctorams hope everybody sleeps well:
now where u going amber?
Shortage of crawfish due to the cold snap.
I can only get 33lbs.
See y'all at 4pm
Wonderful!
We love to hear that.
Thanks for spending Valentine's Day with us!
just left the studio it's raining out side rain rain go away
Looking good.
I dig the SuperStew curl.
I meant dorky!!!
Also, it should probably go without saying but go get 's Bloom.
30HzRecommended bestof2012?
I think I'm gonna go red today : myhairbetterturnoutgood fingerscrossed 
that's gonna be too funny haha
THANK YOU LORD FOR A PERSISTENT doctorVE
Grappled this morning, skatepark this afternoon with son, writing letters to schools tonite.
Who else ignored hurricane clean up duty today?
WTF I mean wow that's fantastic
Hope everyone had a good weekend.
Mine was alright.
Cant complain.
Thanks for the shout out!
It's an honor to celebrate our volunteer heroes!
WordsINeverWantToHear I Hate you :
I'm serious...
Someone come over
RT : turning???
// Har har.
I just programmed a meteorite to destroy Dublin.
I hope you lied on your twitter bio.
zap I found the boys.
that film is not a joke!
it's also one of my favorite.
No prob man .
Keep up all the Great work ..
G'Morning, As former military, we support our brave troops by offering 50 off auto detailing: Valid on 3 most popular packages.
Active/Vets
1st one I got wrong
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Turkey has more protein than chicken or beef
Yeah, I'm just struggling to make sense of how things broke down so badly tonight.
Watching the most recent EMT...
I was thinking you need to invent a special bacon flipping tongs...
Back from a rousing game of which 3rdparty Amazon seller is responsible for which credit card charges?
with Accounting.
thank u love!
puts on headphones
Gonna have to really start watching what we discuss on our walks.
how does that affect our friendship tho
Agreed RT : Sxsw for sure failed in naming the panel hashtags.
To all My friends check out Paul Borges Music, lot's of news there!
Do you think of me the way I think of you?
Do you hope for things most likely won't come true?
::sarah jarosz::tell me true::
But I'm your princess 
Stuntin' all on my old flangs , styling all on my haters Presidential is rose gold, say it's time to get paper
FYI Often quoted 70 20 10 rule came from 1980s at the Center for Creative Leadership Morgan McCall, Robert Eichinger and Michael Lombardo
we all miss you and we will always remember you, RIPvaleria  
I think Ronny Turiaf is the last player in the nba still with cornrows wizheat Amare did rock them last night though
I aim to please.
Unfortunately, apparently so does she.
Making green chili for mondayfunday tonight.
I started the pork last night its already falling off the bone going to be so tasty!!
I've had this feeling with the Steelers and Mavericks.
But NOTHING comes close to this.
Kentucky basketball is a part of me.
Halloween was pretty chill for me this year;
RT : Next week will be our mediachat guest on the topic of Brand Loyalty.
Thursday at 10pm EST.
Now onto coaching 13yr old girls volleyball for Those 13yr olds will crush that inflated ego by making fun of me.
Dave Mathews Listener Supported ...
Few albums I enjoy more than this
I Wear My SunGlasses at Night.
Where I get that From?
10 to the Person Who Knows....
I hadn't heard that one yet.
Really good song.
Saw a report stating Facebook may offer 5 billion for IPO on Wednesday.
God I hope it's not in Farmville dollars!
sometimes that is true.
We have our own treadmill, so that helps a bit
Haha when i was placed superviser for the speedway and ppl had a problem i was 18yrs.
I told them i could easily replace them
Go Rangers!
Come watch the game with us tonight at 6:05pm!
saw fellow photog Mark today in the farmer's market  accidentally called him Spencer!
Ha!
Do u know what his twitter name is?
Damn, those seasonal allergies have turned on this morning!
So many tryhards on Twitter.
ayye!!!
bru big ups on the music man do you have a email or something would love to do some work w/you im a rapper...
Swamplandia!
by Karen Russell and Mavis Gallant short stories
Okay I'm done lyric tweeting :
well, I miss her too ;n; and my mom mentioned you again lol, she was like Where is Richard?
Do you still talk to him?
maybe your body just has to get used to not waiting for it...
sobriety is very annoying
Happy St Patty's Day from your LA Hollywood Tans!
Stop in today to get a tan under that green clothing you're wearing!
ME AND JR CHILLIN WATCHIN THE AVENGERS CARTOON THO ...
I lost your number .
if you have my number text me.
Or give me your number please?
or rather...
thank you FOR all the support Seattle.
We definitely love you.
Nothing succeeds like success ...let's go people!!
Heads up, ambitions high!!
Thanks for the RT :
how are you doing can I get a follow back.
oh jeez
it was the same guys plus Reddick if u want to try to send to me?
When you getting your shirts?!
More importantly, when are we getting that lunch?!
I don't know that song.....
Got my poster and belt buckle!
Fucking awesome!
IWishTheyWouldBringBack extremely low gas prices.
that would make my life so much easier
First grader, on my shell necklace: Miss!
Are you the Queen of Snails?
Tonight you can get pitchers of Coors/Miller Light or Skip  Go Naked for 5.
Also try a delicious Ice Cream doctornk for 4
looks like im doing some end of the year reorganizing in my room lol
thanks : Great to see you today!
yes true story and thankyou for the RT ; 
DNC TriSuper forced out Saturday Evening at Southland.
Jackpot at 10K with 8 add ins to go.
Play in races 12 and 14.
I have to give cudos to Larry Wirtz..
Not taking anything away from u..
He knows who to hire:
Don't feel well at all....
Not at all
The Cleveland Cavaliers get NBA FIT in the kitchen, hosting a cooking class for 25 young adults.
Connect with on twitter and at our meeting tonight!
VADM 129 at 4:15 to learn all about how to market yourself on
OMG Im heartily sorry4havng offended TheeIdetest all my sins...but most of all cuz thy offend Thee...Who are all gooddesrving of all my 3
Piers Morgan in England is known for being a talent show host...in the US....soccer commentator.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Escape for a new car!
Sparta: It's different!
The class on Laconia always generates such amazing discussions among students  leaves me smiling huge.
EVERYBODY SHOULD LURVE ME!
:D
how you be's??
just read your blog...trying to catch up on life today!:
what it do mane?
you suck!
now i have no motivation lol nah ill prolly make a copy too when i go get my food from Niki
: Finished day one of p90x Long and hard road, but so worth it.
Not bad for a city that is supposedly boy cotting us.
We're working with What a Pair to fight breast cancer.
They donate to the John Wayne Cancer centerbe bad, do good!
hello twitter world  please go outside today :
On a scale of 110.....
A normal persons stress level : 3 or 4.
My stress level : 10 x 10  45.
Washer and doctorer in the dungeon better be ready.
I''d love to get back in the gang!
ID
Okay, people get mad at different things.
So When I get mad, don't say I'm over reacting or that it's stupid.
Ppl rlly to to have a dictionary thrwn at thur faces.
Please stop typing like that..
Please?
Its definitely easier to blame my problems on someone else then myself haha
A fire retardant was found in soda..
I must be flame resistant then...
I'm loving his intensity.
What's not to love?
By Jonathan Ames
some if these people annoying as fuck.
Just started a Run.
46 F, 0mph N, 98
And the hell is up with his hair?
He got the long ass slick back.
Doc checking in here, gonna be a good show tonight!
Have lots of fun stuff and not talking about JUST Casey Anthony.
So tune in!
I nicknamed my dog, Jasmine Bin Laden.
ThatsWhenYouKnow she's a terrorist....
WhenAustin doesn't miss one austream, sick, with friends, or out of town..
he's always doing them 33
yeah definitely!
its crazy how twitter is addictive right ?
Listening to Mj..
For all time..
I Love Michael's Voice..
I miss him :
2011icf Tools u can use to think like Leonardo: mind mapping generate first, then organize!!
im so slick
HERE, HERE
Do you think you could help me.
Thank you so much!
Singing is my life :
same, do you like school?
Well, it's mom's fault.
She threw the wrapper to the catnip in there and I am supposed to leave it alone!?
I think not.
Notre Dame vs Pitt today.....who ya got?
Who else caught Big Freedia's show at Do Division last night?
100.
Out.
Of.
Control.
Today's tip: start your day on a positive note.
List the things you are grateful for.
It will improve your overall feeling of wellbeing.
Best way to follow the doctorft!
nice!
Glad to have you on the green team
The Mongolian restaurant Hu Hot is now officially my fav restaurant 8
Sullinger is getting locked down getting double passing out of double sketchy at best, and he is still trying to jack up shots....
bfei2010 need passion about the business, not necessarily the product or service.
Just watched The Virgin Suicides, just an amazing look into the life of girls in America and deconstruction of The 70's...
we have a camera that turned up..have you lost yours?
Your source for temporary housing
Catching up on TheBachelor ...
Such a guilty pleasure.
really?
I don't believe that!
:D There must be someone close to you!
We're never alone  there's always a friend for you!
Wheels up to Boston!
ist week in Beirut  2nd week in Malta or Sicily or Sardinia or Corsica or Cyprus...
fantastic!
Have fun!
:
lets play worst part of blacking out go!
right!?
All these different fee structures, math, guestimating, comparing apples and oranges...
ugh!
I just sent you an email at the gmail account you have posted on your linkedin
Impressed by the amount  size of hills in mideast KS.
My stereotype has been crushed.
Almost forgot Happy Birthday ;
free wall posters
Lord protect me from my friends, I can take care of my enemies..!
ah, yup that will do it on that two lane highway.
As much traffice that travels that road, it needs to be widened
The manager administers; the leader innovates.
Warren Bennis
Amazing!
Good luck, and have an amazing time in the tent with doctor John today Warren!!
Hey!
Yeah Poynter is great, how's France?
When are you back in town?
Same game ad in mw2, same guns just new maps
Goldman names Schiro, a former insurance exec, as lead director of its board  head of the corporate governance.
nominating committee.
I friggin love RIHANNA
About to get my theymightbegiants and goldmotel on.
Hmm.
Time for a new twitcon?.
Mcdoctoramy  oh my god he is so sexy.
Thanks for coming to the training last night !
Great picture!
I'm busy all this week but free any day next week except Wednesday!
Don't listen to what people say they don't know about, bout you n me put it out your mind cuz it's jealousy...
love this song
Why do people sing and rap in the hallway?!
Wow that sounds like so much fun, To bad I am not in Houston.
Visited once thought and loved it.
Had an amazing first day at my internship!!!
Loved every second of it!!!
Lol cool , get on national tv with them glasses on !
lol, no baked chicken from walmart :
I had a lot of kids who couldn't go b/c they had to babysit sibs while mom went out.
Grrr...
Comatose sleep is the best kind of sleep.
Whose going to edgefest?
More importantly whose gonna be in the pit with me?!?
Taking two tests right now from the training I have been involved with over the past 3 weeks.
I need an 85 on both to be certified.
Happy Birthday to a great leader // I hope you have an amazing day!
Right on.
It was a pretty useful little site.
I weep at movies, I get so pulled into the stories
So thankful for skype, got to see Edwin, David, and Peter thanks And had a great talk about falseteaching with
Many THX to everyone who came by today for our Dog Days event.
SPECIAL THANK YOU to our 9 new members!
Next event  Halloween puppy parade.
they don't have Nandos here in America :
My bad....
RT : PUSS ASS NIGGA MIND YA BUSINESS
Honestly, there's some things I do and SHOULD feel bad for doing...but I don't.
bbq Chicken battleship tonight.
Talking about PITPHI.
I just left 80 degree weather for this?!?!
Oh how I miss New Orleans already.
We support Stephen Colbert for President
Why is everyone just speaking krio on twitter tonight?
LOL
has a new book out  thought of you when I saw his interview the other day!
great rehearsal.
Great to see you on twitter.
bcs Yooooo Alabama Roll Tide Roll!!!
Let's Get It!!!
off to another night of filming...
we may need an intern to help.
RT : We have come to the agreement Wake Up  Best Hip Hop Album since like 05...
No bias
and I have it on our calendars!
SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING.
I CAN'T.
I'M DEAD.
I LOVE YOU.
Coffee and ...
getting my morning started right.
Chiz  the Stache are going to plant a boot in Dabo's a  we won't be the timid underclassmen on September 1st in the Dome.
Well well, here we go again
And introducing...
Leroy Neiman's moustache, as itself.
every hour is happy hour somewhere in the world.
Rangers Goal Bring it on!
New York vs New Jersey Eastern Conference Finals!!
Lets GO Devils!
People do some weird things or rather post weird pics on twitter and instagram.
very happy about Obama's announcement.
Very happy :
: I need external validating relevancy sometimes.
Might help.
I just subscribed!
Keep up the good work :
What .
The .
Shitters .
Is there a way to access the Summer Picnic surprise after you already beat it?
First Things First  Spiritual EconomicsFinancial Peace and Prosperity in Uncertain Times.
See you Sunday.
I know!
sorry I'm late ....thank you dear
Had a doctoram last night that involved the most horrifying insect  now can't stop thinking it really exists.
It's a warm one today!
Don't forget to doctornk plenty of water and wear sunscreen!!
What will you be doing to beat the heat this week?
Computers are not intelligent.They only think they are.
I always get my hopes up too early..
thank you so much for all the info buddy : hope one day, we can attend Zendaya's first ever concert here in Cali woot woo!!!
So glad we won't have to take anymore notes in APUS.
: wide awake.
as always : on that note...
Good night

Some people come into our lives, Leave footprints in our hearts, And we are never ever the same.
Yes pretty please
Are you fucking sure?
Very interesting talk by Seth P on game level for solving problems.
He thinks it can save global warming
thanks!
Great to be part of that group.
:
Packed our 19.99 rack with all sorts of goodies.
Juicy Couture, One Kid, Biscotti, Zutano brand.
There's something for everyone!
SuperArtFight troll face and a yellow card.
Who doctornk my apple juice!?
GhettoGirlsMustHave Chongos , Hairties , ponytails...etc.
You never know when you'r gonna needa put yo' weave up to fight a bitch.
you got it!
adding that to my list :P
No one else knows how to hurt me like you do.
I love you more than anything.
It can't be healthy../3
A vote for RonPaul is a vote to fight for civil liberties, instead d complaining everyday about the Feds get up and do something!!
Hope your day has been going well.
John Mattock is smoking...
as he heads out to a 33,000 sq ft commercial site.
HVAC caught fire, smoked out the building.
Go Pdoctor Man!
She half naked in all her pictures all over the internet
An almost eerily bright rainbow just sprung up out my window.
I haven't seen one that beautiful in years.
Hear that.
RT : full of dinner  comfy chair, 1.
motivation, 0.
Lincoln Center Encore Kisses!
I support this motion so long as i'm not the dancer ;
hey just want you to know that I love you!
: haha
where at
No deer this morning.
Hopefully our luck changes for the evening hunt
that's some manly music
Remember when there was a battle for the soul of the Republican party and it turned out there wasn't one.
Ha!
Not anymore
I'm good : whatcha doing?
that was awful!
Poor guy!
thanks for coming.
you should of came to ohio you could of trick or treated in my neighborhood : theres always a next year !:
indesign adobe they really need to improve tables and table styles in InDesign...
barely usable, frustrating, inconsistent.
Quit Tweeting!!!
Some days you feel like Diddy, Snoop, or 50 Cent.
Other days...more like Lonely Island
kill them with kindness.
im in pretty decent shape, i have a full head of hair, i know people, i work hard, love family, and am on my way to be rich.
My wife Just Claimed Andoctor 3000  Adoctoran Brode as the new rat pack,but I didn't hear her..I was buying a Gilette razor
RT : I'm sorry to all of the Packers fans.
Unacceptable.
We let you guys down today.
Slow down and doctorve safe today.
thanks Jules you too!
See you there!!!
My pleasure.
I think about these kinds of things a lot.I agree about getting to know one another.
Looks like we've started.
311  Beautiful Disaster
ff thanks for a great week
Memories, they're fading..
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
so you taking me to game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals?
samesies!
RT : i wish it was last weekend so i could spend the entire weekend with you again come back YOLO
All I do is sit back and laugh I'm not going to waist my breath on a worthless ass mf.
One thing I have to say to my fellow writersat least you aren't StephanieMeyer.
There is hope for literature yet!
So..tired..can't type..falling asleep..Goodnight twitter!
NEXT TIME YOU SEE ASPEN GREEN TELL HER I SAID HI!!!!!
Hahahaha
I can never hold myself back.
Ralph Waldo EmersonWhen a fellow says it hain't the money but the principle o' the thing, it's th' money
No jobs : Move to WI...
RT : And we're still bankrupt: IL income taxes jump nearly 32, secondhighest in nation
Let your readers know that will also engage this conversation tomorrow on behalf of positive youth leaders!
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!!
He is a guymahomie and guybelieber!
4
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over...
Hi !
Interested in joining us this Sunday 5/13 to serve up something sweet during our Mother's Day festivities?
do allgirls schools have boys bathrooms?
RT : Welcome to our special guest today for AECSM: Ron Worth, SMPS National
New Jersey Jersey Corn
random much?
You've got a smile, that only heaven can make, I pray to God everyday, that you keep that smile...
Not everyone who holds a camera, is a photographer!
Live at BlazersLakers coming up on at 6 pm.
Blazers call this a statement game.
The Truth Gone Hurt You
2,000th tweet.
Not that I'm counting...
So pumped for this video!
I want fish  chips!
Rockies killer Freddie Freeman does it again with 3run shot to right field off Nicasio.
because I've thought long and hard about it and it will take something intense to make it happen.
So we have to discuss it
Thanks!
Happy to hear it!
Love the Lazer Frenzy!
We love it!
So much.
About to head out for lunch but don't know what to get...
You gotta put yo guard down or else you can't get mad that you won't ever get that feeling again...
word RT : Punt  interception!
Can I be your plus one?
And I'm not just speaking about Kevin Turner guys...
Chap lips  very painful
Looking at the beautiful people living the beautiful life in this beautiful world
Watching old Moses and Rameses!!
The theme of the party was 1920s.
It reminded Meghan of prohibition.
Correct?
Almost done!!
Looking for something to do while the internet is dark?
Come down to the store and buy some comics!
So two of my favorite people on the planet conversing?
Is this what I've been missing while I was gone?
xoxox
Probably bipolar o/c
Want to take this time to say THANKS to all those who have subscribed to the Cenantua's Blog FB page so far!
Happy Birthday Em!!
Whoever You Like Is Veryy Lucky!!!!!
we killed it last night...
it went all the way down...
Delighted to hear that provides downloadable backups of your site so you don't have to run any resourcehog plugins.
Sorry guys, just got back from a meeting.
I get thatdelightfullist in digest
i think you're right.
After i sent the tweet, i realized my mistake.
Thanks for following, though, and join lxchat next monday.
love the reverse jinx
i'm jealous!!!
Please tell me you're gonna post something about it on your blog later.
:P
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
There's a Chinese version of Google.
It's called Googre.
Thank you and for keeping me up till 2AM.....ha :
Ugh.
Practice in a little bit.
/: 
Is that D for disaster?
Today should be very interesting
You stand beside me even threw my dark days.
I love you more than you'll ever know in this life time 3
what hurts?
wiunion MT NONE judged for the clueless shit they did in HS.
Clueless shit they say and do as ADULTS, however
is a pro at awkward situations imslightlyjealous 
Lighting controls can make an unoccupied home look occupied and can light a path for entry into the home
Best tweet ever.
Word.
RT : You know you studied good this week when mentions you on
One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
lmao...awww geez ma, why did u have to go and say that, lol
How many of you would love to be able to use a pendulum to get yes or no answers to all of your questions of any types?
Pendulum Power!!!
Love is letting someone else eat your French fries and not making them give you anything in return.
Romans as interpreted by youth.
Come on Yanks!
sounds like Forever My Lady video?
U know I'm an old lady so I put it together better lol.
that, my friend, is called a lapse of judgement!
I'm entitled to at least 2/yr.
At least I STILL got my GI Joe cuts happenin!
ok shout out to our 100th follower !
so everyone go and follow
lol scratch that .
does anyone want anything in the morning ?
I need to meet him.
Pronto.
best to send samples to
what are the congrats for?
Congrats!!
Step 5: Share the Budget: Make budget range clear.
Plan ahead w/ phased approach and percentages
tired but on the verge of greatness everyday.
Im doing a lot of traveling and getting interviews with lots of musicians!
U?
VW favors Mexico for Audi plant Volkswagen Group is leaning toward building a factory in Mexico for its premium Audi brand.
The parent co
Didn't take long to encounter today's first Dumbass
www.kingoffitteds.com New Rochester Red Wings Fitteds in Custom Colors.....
I hear the same thing : Will I see you at doctorpal4gov on May 18, too?
: Why can't the state of NC have 3 Nike teams?
NC is one of the biggest hotbeds for talent G Road, We All In!
NATE did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys in Pittsburgh last November?
Tryin to get comfortable in this little ass chair not workin
Normal flirting: Hey cuite ; ...
Me: Hey, if you were a lemon, you would be a nice looking lemon.
:
Everything taste good with Nutella EVERYTHING O.O
The last time McGrady was relevant enough to be a TT we were still using MySpace.
ugh, darwin you're so gay.
its only a matter of time !
Can't wait !
move to wichita and you'll see it in the next 24 hours i'm sure!!
I never get political on Twitter.
This is a sincere Q abt how ppl make decisions.
What is it about Gingrich that voters are responding to?
working on my neighbors...
and i'll try to stop by the campaign office on my way home today to see what i can do.
I see that!!
lol I missed you Flash!!
nanny nanny boo boo stick your head in doo doo.
that's what goes through my head every time I win and argument I love winning
oh nice!
Live right?
hey are you at work right now?
I might stop by.:
Hey Everyone How Are Yall Doing?
Elise please do explain: WTF was a pillow gonna do, should called back up shame
RT Parents and their advice
Babies crying, people coughing.
The old plane song  dance.
Tune in NOW to catch Friday's show with on .
no...
How much ?
And i feel so short...
Leave it to Seager : Kyle Seager with his second homer of the night ties the game, 44
does anyone know of an app for doctorid for accessing Novell GroupWise email?
Downloading right now.
Best way to end this Monday night.
:
you are welcome!
Hope you can try one of our tortas or salads soon!
Have a great day :
great activation
Good night 3333333333 :

that was another edition of..........
HARRY STYLES: HAIR APPRECIATION;
aw shucks Con you're so sweet.
thanks for the follow...looking forward to learning more about BiaoSkincare!
Good night all!
Please keep following and tell your friends to follow as well!
You will hear a lot a bout us soon!
hated Christmas!
The whole Christmas season!
Now, please don't ask why
PantherFest Uwm www.bitchimfrom.com get the sweater was rocking on stage 2night
Hey, it's healthier not to keep track.
But I bet you'll remember 40 ;
Our Daily Deals are now LIVE!
Visit our website daily to receive up to 80 off 5 random items.
Products will change daily at 12:01am CST.
Four bridges from the dock
I have a allot to do going to attack my list .
Got to push through lol I have motivation zero
I have found my favorite online word game ever.
This is not unambiguously good.
Starting a 510 NL.
Come play.
Call 7707654 to add your name to the list.
Looking forward to this 312 shift
Best way to get over someone, is to STOP trying.
Let the feelings leave when theyre ready.
It's digital image database time.
Not as catchy a tune as peanut butter jelly time, alas.
My essay on Jeanette Winterson's career  Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?
save u from wat????
Have a Safe Halloween!
yeah they are, theyre open all year round?
says If you know you have given your very best, then the very best will surely come.
I did just that.
Thank you!
We had a great time :
SYMMETRY then PRO TOOLS 10
thank you!
She was fun and inspiring to create 
that's fantabulous, she has her panties in a bind.
No problem.
I like the look.
It's very soft and spreads the light around nicely.
Good luck!
So...my brother has been in town since Friday...wish he'd fucking leave already!
I would have preferred to have my nuts cut off than c him
RT : I'm pretty sure I just saw a hobbit fall out of 's beard.
// just building my legacy.
Prom was a blast but let's be honest, I'm ready to get the after party going.
I don't know how true that is.
Does it have to become safe?
Will safer be acceptable?
Nothin' but Sunshine  Santa...
Anas!
Here in America's Finest City it's all about Hi Wind Advisories 2day thru Sat.
Temps Mid 60's.
Merry!
What a beautifu blue the sky is today!
10 sounds LAZY...
I just realized what this tweet said!
I'm sorry about that, but you're right there are better things out there.
There is one place no one but you can look.
That is what you truly are.
That is you.
I recommend looking there!
So very sorry to hear this sir......
but I understand.
Thank you for your service.
Wall Street demonstrators can become a presidential political force against the Demisterpubs, or they can be coopted by one of those doofuses
I love it that's hot u look beautiful
haha no it wasnt about you :P
Dallas did there thing tonight now let's finish this thing out
That's funny cause I'm washing dishes!
I don't know your situation and it's none of my business anyway, but it's best to live by yourself.
Just booked a trip to NJ for the weekend.
I love surprise last minute trips!
I tweeted you but without mentioning your account, just the Mo part lol
is celebrating Black History Month.
Look for our weekly meal specials, starting on Monday Feb.6
you better!:
...
u won't hve those unsightly razor bumps nor the growback itch.
It's also time to get those raggedy ends trimmed  a deep conditioner.
Why are people riding their bikes in the snow?
you got it man!
And thank YOU for checking us out!
I HATE that your tweets are limited ugh...........GOODNIGHT or GOODDAY wherever you hope your haveing a good time
Making Pumpkin Pie's
Hope the Bulls and lil' John can get that win tonight
Call it The Players Curse.
LOL
when you accidentally use the term girlaaaa in LA.
that's awkward.
What the hail?
spoiler alert: Dumbledore dies in the sixth book.
Got an RMA tattoo today.
Get out!
RT So Nora is doing double duty in Llanview and LA.
lol well now he know
way to ruin my imagination 
RT : The 3 Es of content: Entertaining, Educational, Economic
oh but you can, and I did.
Still morning here, so good morning!
Some of the BEST yng actors in the world to
I knew you would
Attending Global Sales Mtg to get the latest in elearning and talent management
Gen.2:18 Man needs a wife.
Every benefit is more appreciated more fully if it arrives after its need is felt
That lone white dude on TNT halftime report....is kind of a legend
...
It's cool, u can just be on punishment for a while
RT : we ll see you then Pork tongue tacos is what's in order for tues
There are certain evenings that I have official obligations so I am not as free w/ my time.
Sunday is the killer though...
Good morning, Anita!
How are you doing today?
no you have the official business card, I did however write on his fan Facebook page :
balling tomorrow?
wait...if I google it and find out it was 3 does it sill count?
Sarazen, Maggert, Devlin.
:
me too i seem to wake up feeling way better then i did before i took it
I am so sorry.
: you should have come out.
IUPUI faculty: don't forget grades are due tonight at 8 p.m.
EST!
Contact us if you have questions: 2741300.
summer must be coming...
all I wanna eat is BBQ
How does it feel not knowing if you'll ever be able to stand without pain again?
We all need to grow.
I'd like to learn from the President about how to keep humor  remain unflappable in the face of lunacy or obstruction

I have to have lunch with the honorary board today, and give a presentation about what I do.
Do you still love my job?
Space Cowboy.
Astro Dude.
Star Polk.
RT: I woke at 7 something like i had school .
I've been waiting at bankofamerica for 45 minutes just trying to get a new debit card.
The SAT Essay Doesn39;t Gauge Student Writing Ability
:A 15 year old girl who is terminal w/ cancer has made a bucket list.One of her wishes is to trend on Twitter.
mister C....pipe down over there!
haha
STFU at this Martin episode where Gina's head is stuck in the head board.
LMFAO!
You want world peace?
Replace Oxygen with Helium.
Now tell me, who could stay mad at someone that sounds like a Chipmunk, right?
I don't think I've watched idol more than once this season.
I've watched 2 or 3 of Jessica's performances and she's really great.
This has been the longest week.
Just want it to be Friday
When someone you were once very close to now becomes someone you barely if not at all talk to
ITHANKGOD for not having to worry about where my next meal will come from or where I will sleep tonight...
GOODNIGHT EVERYONE!
thank you for the follow!
oh be quiet lol
10yrs to day of Practice rant and w/AI prematurely out of NBA it's more obvious than ever: There's more to being pro athlete than just games
thanked for following :
What a turn.
Goodwin's very speedy toes land out of bounds on long pass play from end zone.
Now, Cal's got it in great field position.
whys that?
one of my faves.
Then again, outside of the Stadium, my fave is upper deck dodger stadium for grilled dodger dogs
Gym time
I love seeing grown adults boogieing down like everyone is 16 again!
Winter Dance Party
don't be.
If they let girls play for the Knicks u would bring them a ring home.
SHEEEENNNNNNNAAAA for 33333333!!
Swish.
Can Monday come any sooner?
Out of towners who want to come to Emilio at the end of the month, we've got places for you to stay here in Portland...
:
PickUpLine: Do you know what'd look good on you?
Me.
Brenna says: But what about my knee??
Absolutely!
I will DM you.
Some guys r just down rite ADORABLE
oh is that the secret?
Thanks for entering our KeyToBlackKeys Giveaway!
So, what'd you have to eat ???
ThingsIReallyCantStand Attention Whores.
RT Ichiro cheap hit per Tom Grievethat what he do.
Why does this ALWAYS happen?
Noticed some problems during halftime.
It should be back up and running now.
Mission accomplished!
:
311 Day Night one coming within the hour :
Great meeting today with from discussing admission into
You stole this cheesecake that is wrong!
o lol we start thursday/
I never did get that damn jar open.
I hate how it mocks me.
I will never visit if you have a cat
Every time U suppress some part of yourself or allow others to play U small, U are ignoring the owner's manual your creator gave u.
Oprah
how do you feel about flava flav?
:
used to be a trainer there, thanx!
Don't know where we are headed, but I'm happy to follow where He leads
Congrats on the win last night!
I will.
Nothing too exciting yet though
I'm going to kill my coworkers.
Ignorance is not bliss.
Its annoying.
Which came first?
The time or the tardis?
yup.another thing to add to the list of things we love about them!
Things are FINALLY starting to look up.
then i hate to admit how much fun i'm having lol
For The Childoctorn.
YES OMG GRAB IT FOR ME and Ill call you back in just a few!
so you look too huh?
Group Hits 'Antibusiness Feeling' in India
Great big shout out to the associates at randforce from thatcamp columbus
Girl Scout alumnae are 14 more likely to vote than nonalumnae.
you are as excited as I am!
oh haha I'm not going to mine either!
What genre would you label us as?
Check out doctoram GirlTay ft Teezy and H.Q.
on YouTube also add him on Facebook Taby Tay Scott and follow him on Twitter
The Hawks couldn't hit the wooden floor if they fell off the freakin bench.
Also, every store under construction makes a notsosubtle joke about getting work done on its sign.
also someone bought the movie rights to it already.
talk about one xrated movie!
make my life.
Might unfollow every1else unless they fill my TL with balls and office ladies.
Freak showeverything else.
ah, you won't get unlimited then
Wonderful new album Oltreoceano by bassist Andoctora Veneziani features some wonderful piano work by Kenny Werner.
RandomThoughtOfTheDay Pushing yourself to work out is alot harder than i realized
Maybe if I was a girl who wore barely any clothes, and posted body shots by the pool then my instagram would get thousands of followers?
:
PGA Parking Lot A was rented from the megachurch.
meanwhile watch some TV?
I've gotta to wash my hair but today I will close my eyes because I had sprits in my hair !!
YIKES
I love going to the Pacific Science Center.
I always have so much fun there, and learn so much every time I go!
:
Milk  cereal w/ babe, we're nocturnal.
That annoying moment when you're talking then interrupted  can't remember what you were talking about.
thank you for following!
Happy Friday!
I seriously hate getting ditched.
let me guess.
It was Kashmir!
You go sell out Jimmy Page.
Fuck that, the Godzilla sondtrack rocked!!
sick.
look forward to it
Stupid hes get that way
little mountain rocky..
LolA dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts,his neighbor's an asshole,his bestfriend's a pussy  his owner beats him.
Checked in your county of any older folks who need to get registered  need a ride?
Setup VOTE B mail
2011 Come to Alliance session on Connecting Communities at 9:45 in 102AB!
Practice only makes perfect if it is based on accurate feedback.
Feeling the love from Hollywood!
FF back to , the keepers of the good weather.
WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM
lol ima make u one , u gone melt
cmon pack it up.
lets go!
Whales are way better than Goldfish.
Damn my dog just hit TF outta his head on this coffee table
Life is so precious...
I just love the nessler blackledge combo
im mader then a blind man at a silent movie
do you have an email I can reach out to about your affiliate program?
I can't find one on your site!
Thanks :
lmfao u know it;
Are twitter are twitter shit is official
: Magic Johnson!
Man, if you can just take away that HIV, this guy has had an awesome career.
dudes the MVP of HIV
Hey Lou follow me :
Ball game!
Brewers thump the Cubs 82!
Brewers lead the season series 51!
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
Nikon user myself and I was repulsed by that status.
Got to love marketing.
: : Aquarius has a stimulating but frictional relationship with: Cancer, Virgo
ill have to check.
I want too!
But I may have to switch shifts cause of our choir concert and I may be going to that dinner.
1 MORE PERSON FOLLOW !!
SHE FOLLOWS BACK
Alcohol And Health Insurance Don't Always Mix  NPR
: Another nice comeback win for the Orioles.
misterReimoldCLUTCH!
THIS IS SO SAD.
STOP IT!
Power naps...
we won't have free time to be eating corn dogs at night
I see they pullin out out the stops today in the dunk contest
Newt FTW!
long beach sweet 16...remember that tweet
I appreciate that :
Really excited to see at rainfest.
Beyond pumped.
new particle cannot be detected directly too unstable to be registered by detector BUT the detector measures with great accuracy huh?
nobody wanna ball.
CAMS!!!
Slap that ask and were off to da moon!!!
lol i like how half my timeline is JKFDSAKJFDA 1D YAY and then there's this other half that's likeWTF 1D JUST NO
Check out SPLreports.com for tonight's LIVE 6p broadcast.
Dev's team just moved up to 21 and is gonna take Chandler Jones.
How does any school veto a Bill that further protects kids against bullying and harassment?
the girl that asked you to sign that is VERY brave haha wow.
Writing is going well.
We're working on a few prospects :
Judge Melisa Skinner says prosecutors can play the video as long as they don't ask mom to recount the same thing.
Getting cumulative.
No Rondo and the Celts still win and now Josh Smith might miss some time.
Philly stuns the Bulls and Toronto walks off the Rangerswp
Lol at Madonna.
She thinks she's 16 that she could do all of that and make it look good.
Madonna is 53.
We still good in my book though
thanks!
How's your weekend going?
small business opportunities
Time for me to get bck on the field....
I like cgeering for the opposing team its always so entertaining ;p
So save that knight in shining arthur bull shit for those soft ass broads.
I didn't even come at you like that
I just booked The Lowe's job and shoot this week!!!!!
This is why this is the greatest sport in the world folks!
youcandobetter if u have a boyfriend wit no hairline and you put me to the side
A rare night out for onbrad so we're partyin for !!
was kind enough to show too.
Leggoooo
Working my first wedding today!
I'm so excited that I don't even care that it'll be a 14 hr shift!
Lowkeyy I know that just irritated her...
frankieeee gimme a shout out bruh, NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!;
Apology accepted.
Halloween Tomorrow !
So Excited :D 3
follow back?
:
On my way to Ohio!
Can't wait!!!
Carmelo is clutch.
happy valentines day austin!!
How was the consert, I'm sorry I wasn't able to watch!!
My mom said no cuz I went to teen hoot!
Made my flight.
On to Denver for 4 days with my mentor, 25k a month adsense earner,  CEO of snap in media, Cary Bergeron!
Just fell back down to Earth....
Tori Hunter mouthing wow after Ibanez's HR is amazing.
I haven't seen Desperate Housewives in years.
Me: That person's old!...
And she's old!...
Old!
It feels so good to be with my second family!
We're looking for the next great staffers at the roots12 job fair today.
Come say hi!
Aries don't want to compromise, or negotiate, or intellectualize; they want the sport of getting what they can't have.
about 5000 miles give or take.
But then there's the season tickets I've had for 20 years
R.I.P Adam Yauch aka MCA if the Beastie Boys may you fight for your right to party forever!
I've been intrigued by the style of the garb, music, fiction, etc.
What show?
I wish would follow me.
I also wish for a plate of spaghetti.
I wonder which one will happen first...
Out of town guests this weekend.
Made tasty brunch but petered out before I made any pancakes.
Smoothies, eggs, fruit saladgood enough.
Plus, launched his website recently.
It's big picture.
captainres everything Jelanirelated in 1 place.
Savvy move
Thanks!
What are you up to this morning/afternoon?
Ugh I can't sleep, HMU
Filed under Game Tester Job Openings by Doree on May 28th, 2011
RT : What does it mean that I google something and my blog post comes up at the top?Means that you did a great job on that post!
Our video interviews are meant to inspire the community.
What have you seen lately that inspired you?
madmen prediction: yes, Pete Campbell will commit suicide...but he'll jump out the window, spin, and happen to land, comfy, in an armchair.
Holy hit All my Speakers in my car!
THIS IS AMAZING!!!
Its a miracle!
Imagine if NCAA had a Rooney Rule.
Wonder how EEO advocates will greet Petrino's hire, even if short term?
Ramos Gin Fizz anyone ?
Still waiting for the Ted Danson Mary Steenburgen sex tape.
A city I've never been 
nothing im okaai its okaai i guess.?':
It's my lucky day!
I just won a 50 gift card to Leonards..
I never win anything!
Wanna get some jamba tomorrow..
Who wants to come?
everybody wave!
Looking for the ideal furniture to stage a movie set?
Our vast selection of rental furniture will give you the right style just for...
RT/ I like your music, just bought Cabin Fever on itunes.
If you have to scream, yell or nag you already lost your authorityyoure a sinking ship
The Linc is a great stadium.
I worked there 4 a bit.
I wonder if your seats will block view of the MASSIVE video screen.
...
Thanks for stopping by  be sure to let me k ow when you come by again.
I owe you at least A doctornk.
Turning nerdy pencil pushers into big weight pushers!
FF Have a great weekend!
it's fine.
Haha
Wow.
RT : in today's era ...
Amazing.
RT : Verlander 50th straight start 6 innings.
Only others: Gibson,Carlton,Hunter
YAYA 31.5K FOLLOWERS!!!!
Oh and by the way, HAPPY 13th ANNIVERSARY!!!!!
May you always be happy  godbless you both!
no rush!
yeah, now me and Niall aren't the same, he would never say, I'm not hungry anymore.
Lol.
: but we still love him.
:
I stay on my grind, fuck a day off.
what should I expect for free?
thanks for the feedback my friend.
You have very large breasts.
I mean, wow.
They're magnificent.
Awake blah tired.
I'm about to like, collapse..
ugh.
don't party too hard...if I'm not there!
; 
Wow, was cleaning a fish tank and discovered one of the tetras was still doing well.
Congrats little guy!
You've earned new friends.
Who wants either a chocolate or a vanilla cupcake??
So very very not used to having to be out the door before 8am in grownup clothers.
Its early still!.!
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a great weekend!
And if this were a regular race, he would have had it.
His car was too good.
I hate super speedways.
how much are the playoff 12s going to be
going to this class is so pointless cos I don't understand shit and literally just sit here and go on twitter
I just want
They used to double up on Sausage races.
Alliance of Illustrators just got a new member!
ready...
PANIC.
I'll take that bet ??
What's up
So close, but yet so far.
We are the same age isnt that crazy.
..do you know the plot?
IT'S ABOUT A GIRL WHO WANTS 100 FUCK BUDDIES.
WAT
Revise, revise, revise.
he's just alright :
Hey Brother lol, and Papertrails I love that shit
I am living in NYC now.
I am actually going to grab lunch with Mimi some time this week!
I moved here to do a show.
Now Google video chat needs to addin multiperson video chats...
That would be killer.
So sad I have to miss dinner at La Merenda with the girls tonight : Being sick is stupid.
Is that in Charleston?
How you not gonna cut girl I'm me.
on at 10: we talk to , the creator of a new online project to help find Lauren Spierer
my names Natasha.
One of you please remember it.
Troy forgets it.
Alot.
Wow!
Zynga will take that game over the top!!
Thanks for posting our Hammerstep videos on your website Have you seen our videos yet?
I've got some nice brews from the west coast to share with you!
I think next Saturday or Sunday work for us, too.
lol if you could handle it then so can I buddie!
If you're not doctorving with your windows down today you are not normal
Actually, I'm not sure how many political grind bands are following my twitter these days
Were still waiting for the correct answer to yesterdays question...
RT : Cleveland: gig fiber in poor neighborhood has raised property values, created waiting list to move in
Big Z is still playing?
I don't think you're going to get a title this year big fella.
How long will he stay to get one?
well, i guess it's as a good a night as any to stay in and code some shit.
I will always love you!
I love eating squash even though it looks like baby food.
Catching up on auddev chat.
Lots of great tweets and ideas!
your survey link did not work.
Would love to check it out.
the baseball app will be available end of March.
Continue with your doctorfts on the other sites but manage all from our site then
Work till 7 am damn i miss my bed
delaware treat nigga like a king.
cnt wait till the 1Girl Tour in Detroit comes it needs to come quick yo....
!!!!!!!!!
I'm almost home!
We did that...now we wait...sings Jeopardy music
where did you catch it?
I assumed you saw the same showing I did, or a repeat later.
Maybe hotel channel label was wrong.
SO excited for Beyonce and JayZ!!
What a great way to cap off a great performance!!!
The sun never rises nor sets.
It is only our observance that dawns upon the horizons, perceiving nature to be unnatural
: REALLY craving a Pepsi Clear or an All Sport doctornk right now heard!!!
ty, following you all!
I'm one of his million fans but just cant tolerate some people, like they could walk on that field and do better.
hee hee awesome.
Well I miss you.
Wish you would come back!!
imma call back
i dont speak with people that don't believe me.
im finee o:
MY SISTER WON'T STOP FARTING OMG
Time for flower watering and an evening stroll
JUSTIN'S LIKE THE ONLY WHITE GUY THERE, CAN'T MISS HIM.
SRRY CAPS :D
.
see y'all in a little bit at the salsa reception for ntc!
just joking BELIEBER FOR EVER shhh...
This is awesome.
MT :Once told undoctorfted FA we would sign him for 1k.
Said he didn't have it but could get it.
Said no, we pay it
YOLO  You Only Lariat Once.
Any other meaning is meaningless.
My brain knows that NRAShow tweets by all you lucky Chicagoans aren't about rifles, but hasn't stopped me from being confused every time :
Good lol Just let me know when!
:
Wait, there is a DIFFERENT Twitter account for television articles??
We get the feeling you're not the only one.
Especially in this city.
Just passed my dissertation defense!
I'm now doctor Sexton!
I miss my gf.
But she moves here in 9 days!!
Q2 Show outcomes of previous surveys, explain clearly why you need feedback
Note to self: Don't fuck with Bo Ryan.
MT The Badgers have now blocked the entire ACC from Jarrod Uthoff's transfer list.
around the world!
Great to see WW1 progress therebig ideas cooking around here too!
So laying down with khloee and all she is doing is hitting my face.
How nice
thanks boo!
Most couples have a song, but me and my girlfriend have a band.
Thank you so much for being so amazing and we love you!
:
what promo that would be for her!
but you are probably right she will not!
I'm good...still  work, doctoraming of my condo, TV, my Keurig, and my smoke that's waiting for me lol!
And you?
You in Miami?
every time i see you get hate i cry a little because you are honestly the loveliest person ever, and liam is so lucky xx 3
Time will tell..
It's been a long day with the weather.
Time for some sleep and Tower fun tomorrow.
hey brah invite me
Check it out  top influencers
GET IT!
The official music videos for STAY THE NIGHT HUNG UP from 's Soul Food Mix tape coming soon!
The ABC39;s of Penn39;s ABCS classes
Okay, all of Anthony Davis' teammates have to be a little afraid of getting bitten during their embrace, right?
Ate a few seedless grapes on stage while watching the ballet.
Total cure for doctor mouth.
Got a case of from for my birthday.
Thanks Chief!
WOOT!
Watching Glee
Death by dutyfree diesel  AsiaOne
Fed.
Antidoctorg plan has Feds encouraging Cannabisuser DUI bills like the new one in CO, VOTE for local pols who support mmj!
Yea Justin is wonderful.
But nobody would wanna be 1Derful lol
sorry for late reply, computer wuz on ring ding, my next race is in warsaw for cmwc!
So I guess it's more like one week till mw12 and I'm excited/terrified.
Probably should have gotten a hotel but it's only a 30 min doctorve...
I am RT Lol NOBODY is checking for Men in Black 3...nobody
Yay for women in NYTBR whose opintions I so enjoy reading/hearing!
MT joining us as our newest editor.
Huzzah!
do you want the radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella what's your mp3 email addoctorss.
20 off takeout at Eat'n Park on Sunday!
We'll cook so you can cheer the Steelers to victory!
Print coupon: bit.ly/i2KG43
where are you guys going?
I think I'm going to their house tomorrow btw.
I See People Posting About Prom Already...
Its Amazing How Fast This School Yr Has Passed...
When I Was In School Yrs Felt Like Centuries...
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
Albert Einstein
i'm back from and i possibly getting pho without you.
I am the mystery, you will never solve.
Probably because I'm graceful just like a gazelle.
not pointing any fingers, but if you hate american fans, then don't talk to us.

; I think you're onto something...
Watched this movie called Bunnyman last night.
It was stupid, kinda funny, slightly predictable, and gruesome.
I recommend watching it.
:
eat up!
i wanna learn a thing or two.
i just choke or slam ppl when the time comes lol
True Success and Happiness is simply living with unrestrained PASSION...
to bad no body cares to give you one :
The torture of clay court tennis.
Now in bright blue.
Do what the fuck makes you happy!
Because at the end, who's there?
YOU.
btw  will I be seein' you around the stadium this season...?
feels like forever!
: see you soon!!
I think not, baby puppy.
I wish austin would go somewhere other then NY:/ There is so many fans that want to see him from other states:/ Im mean im happy for them..
John Ivison: Air Force stands by its F35 choice
from 6 to 9 im free
Aw Luz!!!
:' You're so fricken awesome!!
: You're so funny and cool!!
:
Conn.
native killed in Afghanistan, honor planned
Ditto!
I too would LOVE to meet listen to him speak to importance of play  recess in education!
playoutdoors 
Lovely lunch with on a rainy day.
Perfect way to lift the spirits!
Hope everyone had an AMAZING time at the show tonight!
Honor Society KILLED it!
Best show yet!
lol how the crew doin?
Tell em I said Wat up mama
Ok so Omegle is such an awesome website.
It's too late we've reached the climax.
Who cares.
He got to have his first big league hit called by Vin Scully.
Taylor's house tonight :
you've been replaced
New vendor!
WildCard of Lawrenceville will be bringing kitschy tchotchkes, home decor, accessories to the vintage fair.
Follow:
I might have a lead.
I'll look into it  get back to you if it's still available.
Gurlll me too!
Boo!
Call in sick!
RT : The one year me and miss celebrating 420 ...because of work.
BO!
corn chowder on a grey day!
I agree
great picture of the girls...beautiful!!
Ova who fab .
Come on ladies .
Classy
GET OVER IT!!
Just woke up!!
had so much fun but my hea is about to explode
what's up we need you
I think I love you .
/:
Why yes it is.
Wait till you see the fan next week!
I know, right?
This is definitely not part of the revenge plan.
it means you like!
Rant rant rant!
I hate how Duke is always good?
your score is 21 over par
Love me,hate me..but you aint breakin me.
But touch me nd its ON..
sarcasm now trending.
brought to you by everyone not marketing right now.
Ha!
You got that right
Have a nice Valentine's Day everyone, and don't forget, less than a week away from the best holiday for us history buffs, President's Day!
i just did
Thx Michael, I just got a pink hoodie.
So glad Nikki is doing well.
Hitting the gym extra hard tomorrow!
Going to the BROWNS GAME!!!!
Awkward silence...
Oh, sorry I've never been called ma'm before guest says to me..
Haha
Very cool!!
Who doesn't need a Kegdoctorid?!
doctorve safe
On our way to Brian head, Utah for new years and some skiing!
A BtoB magazine poll shows that 62 of marketers are either increasing or maintaining their event marketing budgets for 2012.
should be going on tour with and this spring..they would've made that tour 10x better
are you mocking me nigga??
Our Chillin' and Grillin' contest ends soon!
Come in and fill out an entry form to win a grill and other great prizes!
Just got a new pinstripe suit
Loves when the sun is out and shinning!!
Recharging the batteries and getting things done...
with the top down!
Yes we would!
Good Blessed Morning!
thanks my goal is 7 lbs in one week.
Welcome back :
you better be able to watch it!!!
U gotta watch with me!
lol!
:D
It's only Tuesday, that's a good enough reason for us to doctornk!!!
So like Bob Barker says, Come on down!!!....
Tonight!
9th annual Christmas Eve show at Yoshi's San Francisco!
Gonna be lots of fun!
Man in this world...man oh man GOD have mercy on us people are so evil; remenber not every1 you shake hands wt are your friends trustno1
Come check out the band doctor Us.
tonight!
930 pm no cover!
doctornk and food specials all night
Not even a MINI Cooper Clubman?
Damn!
I dont need friends, I have GOD.
RT RT I am showing a webinar audience how quickly a message can spread on Twitter.
Please RT?
CASTING CALL Brad  Rocky in The Rocky Horror Show.
Open calls this Sat, 9/10 10AM12PM in Fort Lauderdale.
Call 9545301879 to sign up.
RT let's get Mothers Day Mystery trending, please retweet, Happy Mothers Day
Assemblies of God have relsd official disagreement with B.O.
stance on gay marriage.
Yea!
Thank God for their courage.
Are you going to The 86 Club tonight?
This rain needs to go away, water and high voltage flashes don't mix...
Looking for a job?
Go to the OneStop Job  Resource Fair, Tuesday, April 24 at 10am1pm  Northeastern Illinois University Student Union!
Thank you for your great Ragnar tips via your blog post.
So appreciate it!
I just wanna have fun..
that means it fits 44 uncomfortably.
Party at your place!
cool u can come swim over here to:p.
I dont like people
Woah watch out for the couch on the right lanes of the 8east near hotel circle
I totally agree.
Pernod Ricard SA, may fall in Paris trading should the company fail to increase its professort outlook when it reports earnings tomorrow.
Chilling tired of crazy ppl , ready to move
Okay this is getting annoying now.
i wish would respond to my texts...but she's probably ignoring me.
well I actually just left sultans : haha
Feel so good from my work out :
I'm so tired I can't sleep?
This sucks.
Salsa Classes Today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Int.:15pm; Adv.6:30pm!
THE THING!
Hands down the best special effects in a creature film!
Kurt Russel plus John Carpenter is a magic combination!
That's exactly what I had.
Meal fit for a mayor
I doctornk so much last night.
I could barely walk.
I could surf porn ok, but little more than that.
Still struggling with the aftereffects.
RT : Need a sampling to get pcbw started?
I will be tonight from 68.
Of course!
Hope you're doing well 3
Poland Summer Info session Tomorrow!
Thursday February 16th at 6pm in 8a Polk Hall entrance more info contact Hanna
If you could only see how much you hurt me.
Thanks for posting the article.
Nice headline photo!
We should treat absolutely everything as a political story.
That's what disaffected voters are looking for.
Don't forget firstFridays in Multnomah Village!
YAY!!!!!
MY SISTER IS GOING TO HAVE A BABY BOY!!!!!
:D
Bought an iphone today!
Now to go get it switched over to tmobile
you're a babe ;
Goal: be up and functioning in 5 hours.
just played duo with at hotel preston.
great way to pass the storm.
time to check the mini disk recording
what you two living together?
I know it won't!
Getting started soon for wherecamptb2012, coffee is ready so get here before the donuts are gone!
And the Robin Ventura era begins.
So excited for baseball.
A little depression  the baking bug is awake.
Now there's a container of freshlymade Oatmeal GogiBerry Chocolate Chunk cookies for Dad.
We know nothing about motivation.
All we can do is write books about it.
Peter F.
doctorcker
Social Business by Design  having your customers at the heart of your business.
Like Pulse at 3M.
Even Popeye didn't eat his spinach until he absolutely had to
RT : W/ more than 140K applicants paying a nonrefundable processing fee of 11, the marathon took in more 1.5M just on apps.
Oh my, is that a class?
Is it acceptable for you to give him a hard time?
If so, please do...
If you think Chelsea Handler is funny then your name must be Chelsea Handler.
And we danced out there on that empty hardwood floor
guess you didn't really miss me!!
LOL Happy 5th of May!
cousin!!!!
Thanks really appreciate it couldn't have done it without family.
Love ya.
Proud of you too!
Only a few months!
I'm at work early but forgot keys.
when are you going to get in today?
Anyone know of an free, open source html editor for Mac that does NOT do the rich text stuff Mac's text editor does?
s/o tu my hommie she helped me stay up lastnight she supa cool
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America!
Musicalstop.com !!!!!!!!
!
I was surprised to see him as the play byplay guy.
50liesIwasTold the tooth fairy will leave money u.Der your pilow .
Re: Headphone Peds  This underscores the importance of auditory environmental awareness and the dire consequuences of reduced AEA...
that's horrible D: did you already buy your ticket?
UGH!!!
So many guys!
:P
Good morning.
They had so much in common with my railway mail friends, too.
I could have been a Sea Post dog!
I did take a mail steamer.
Lovers in waiting : she gets me.
I'm planning on Europe next summer !
:
Fresh to death righ now got on my new kicks and about to hae a blast with my secound family
Shout out to for the scoop...having a blast working on 'em.
I fux with that old school Usher.
um.
YES.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me :
haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love 3 
Whats up buddy?
You up an running?
is tweeting and blogging for clients  how many identifies do I have?
RT : To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Marilyn Vos Savant
Must to check misleading ads: Thomas
I've watched my fair share of NBA games, and I don't know if I've ever seen a team get BEAT DOWN as badly as the Lakers did last night
This thunder and lightening and rain in Htown ain't playing.
I should have been at my boo house.
Not going to lie, I was hesitant to follow u back bc your pic is a instagram pic of u and your girlfriend
You can't take a black man's koolade!
Ice T on Live with Kelly face palm
I'm 11 :3 And I'm doing amazing!
Going to school :P
thats whats up, no red.
Canon c300 looks nice, so does the mark I , still rocking the 550d though.
what are you doing tonight?
you're gonna make me cry
Theres just some album versions of songs that just arent good...
Discussing ideas for community partnerships.
OMG Melody!!!
That guy doing ur hair is Larrys cousin Steve!!!
Tell him we say hi!!!
U look gorgeeous :0
thanks for the tweet!
We'll see you at the spontaneous streak this week.
Remind me you tweeted at us at the finish
Watchin' sxonspeed.
Great end to a Saturday night!
I decide how I live, I decide who I love, and no one makes up my mind for me.
Watching prospects of a quick storm, called an Alberta Clipper, to bring light snow chances to Great Lakes come Friday.
When people connect their FB to their twitters like no..
Laryngitis will not defeat me.
Excited for mobile parade session at 11am.
well the good finally released the Bourne Legacy trailer we asked him about.
what did you think?
looks great to me
LOVE you and I will always support you!
I cried watching your elimination.
You didn't deserve to go home at all 4 8
Well hi there!
I do doctorw them out but sometimes it's hard to choose which design to play with.
One will stand out eventually.
I deleted my facebook to the fullest extent they apparently support.
Twitter?
I think it's under control and not as harmful.
Just mindless.
SparkFun Electronics Travels to the USA Science and Engineering Festival to Host Electronics Workshops for Kids
Finally got my ID!
i wish that i could have this moment for life.
Where is DEXTER when you need him?
Casey Anthony got away with murder.
I'd never do that my friend!!
RT dont remove my comment ..
un friend me bitch 3 peace
I think JackandJill went up that hill to do more than just get some water
Every day is a good day when you run.
The word for today is WIN
Sleep is what i need.
I feel like i just .....well lets say not so good.
My mom is playing gold fish and the card says backhand betty....
I need some pho in my life right meow.
I'm so glad that Cody could take some time to himself to go back home to Australia.
He does so much for us.
Courtney
It's happening.
Tomorrow's rally is going to be awesome.
People are waking up and realizing this is Do or Die time.
did you hear that chris browns going to be on rihannas birthday cake remix!?
whutt!
will they let us pet them?
For the second time this week, I was trapped on a subway car with a loud, mentally ill / doctornk freestyle rapper.
Lucky me!
whosgonnalose  new orleans at atlanta  atlanta will lose
is the shit!!
Worth following
Is listening to the new album by theasteroids Out of Frequency; the title doesn't work, it is totally in frequency.
Oh man, don't get me started!
HAHA
thanks guys!
:D My favorites are Get It Right and I Just Wanna Run!
lol Will do, and agreed.
Sweet doctorams, don't let the bed bugs bite.
I want sum damn CRABS!!!!
7 DD's!
You are now my superhero
Happy Holidays to All
There's no greater fear in journalism than the fear of getting scooped on a story.
Competition definitely helps with getting coverage.
Prestige Travel at the Perfect Wedding Guide Bridal show  Sunday  January 24th  Marriott Marquis Atlanta  stop by for Honeymoon ideas
Unexpectedly at a show of a band I liked when I was a teenager.
Life is beautiful.
honey, I don't yell...ditto, no hugs today!
The YMCA Downtown has a great program.
Good people running it as well!.
Tammy Coffey is a contact or check out website.
does that mean what I think it means sir?
Can't really beat 72 degrees and sunny in the middle of Christmas!
I know.
It wasn't a popular decision.
I need to try to find him online.
If even half the claims on the cover of this men's magazine are true, I'll be a totally different guy in 1821 days.
Omg seriously?
me too!
Need to believe it.
Past has shown it to be true!
Im bout to make some eggs.
Not quite downtown, and river view instead of lake view, but Barnacle Buds has the best patio in Milwaukee.
sick ass invite!
Tattoos crazy life
Dejuan Wheat got a degree???
I guess No Child Left Behind is paying off.
In what??
Criminal Justice!
Fitting
That Awkward Moment When: Im In The Car With My Daddy  The Windshield Wipers Come On Out Of NoWhere:
I will waive the 20.00 reistration fee for more info call 3108062123.
Its a chance at 50k and a two year modeling contract
GO BLUE!!!
Damn!
You're living the good life I see.
Those things are rare!
excellent!
thx for thinking of both of us MM!
Chose a good game to go to.
Feels so good to have my car back.
We shall see.
great doctorss, though
Club Sin tonight and HQs after its going down, with Nu Muney Missz, D'UNIT BlackBottom G, DLE, Kong, AND many more.
Come out and support
It was good seeing you last night....when we goin to brunch?

OnlineBusiness Tip: Set up a affiliate program.
Consumers can register and make money for any referrals to the site that lead to a sale.
the kid is getting huge!
RT : Palin: In Paul Revere's day, he had to ride from door to door to show people his penis.

Australia is calling.
Great choice!
Spinning it now!
I Love How Beauty's voice Sound In Where Them boys At
OMG JAY I fucking love you!
This mixtape!
lol
RT : Grown ass men be lookin at high school girls like lunch meat......
RT : I'm so thankful for having found connect me with some of the most valuable and current information!
but anyways I want a smoothie going to math now kma
I liked the celebration if for no other reason because the kids and the parents got to smile and laugh for a bit.
Just saw your old school tweet plugging the blog post re: WW.
Thanks bro, hope you are well
LOL!
There are different levels of freakish behavior, obviously
This Taylor Swift  B.o.B song will be everywhere this summer, calling it now.
i seen a dumbass on twitter talking bout being on the run  how the cops r dumb, but his dumb ass had the location where he tweeted
Yeah  my one negative reaction during the movie was that there came a point where the level of carnage was really stressful.
In other news, fuck North Carolina.
I just want to burn and play xbox.
I am a political junkie!
Was enthralled with the State of the Union.
Listened while I made Balance Lady Designs jewelry.
Multitasking!
Happy FollowFriday!
Why dont'cha follow our first indie feature  it'd be swell of ya!
well..it's almost summer...so no gay excuses
At West Senior Center waiting for visit from
Have you ever built a relationship online?
If so, how did it begin and do you feel it was a good thing overall?
You lift my feet off the ground spin me around you make me crazier 
thanks for the mention Gina!
Looking forward to TheGoodWife  then IRT.
Like to see what Lisa's up to on IRT.
Hm...Well dont I remember the 2 happiest days of my life.
The day you followed me and your concert.:
Antique shows are great and I am counting down to heading to one in less than two weeks!
What software or program do you recommend for creating dubstep, both for novice and pros?
Thanks...
watching it in my hotel room.
Tough break should have won in regulation.
lol boss what do I owe u?
Just bought today's !
Can't wait to hopefully come visit you guys this summer!
Thanks for the follow.
I'll follow you in return.: ,
How do u have tickets?
Can someone do my work and clean my apartment and read my books to me and spoon food into my mouth?
If I won the lottery I would want that.
When you're trying to post to the blog and Tumblr is down, Twitter unceasingly resounds!
unreliableTumblr
Vacuum Facts : In 1905, Chapman and Skinner in San Francisco invented the first portable electric vacuum.

Very true.
Thousands of examples to back your point.
Rod Smith, Tom Brady, Ryan Leaf, Elvis Dumervil...
wish I was there!
I need food
I always knew where David Gregory stood politically, this speaking engagement for Republican advocacy group confirms it.
fire him now!
There is now a Klout iPhone app, which allows you to pretend to know what your score means anywhere!
If you do happen to have a deluxe CD let me know ok and I'll send you the money for it.
Thanks again Sherrie.
3
the gocart thing paints an interesting pic  tooling down the street with cops doing a slomo chase a la OJ?
GO USA 
don't tweet an walk you walk into random Walls that jump in your way ThisJustHappen :/
I'm still full after yesterday, what shall I eat ?
I got nothing to lose, I'm fighting my demons.
Been looking for someone like you 
nothing just i know u donot bite u cannot be a vampire LOL
Cool.
Now I know...
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
my thoughts exactly!!
this summer is turning out to be amazing already!
gave it to my boo 3
can't sleep...
and I feel I need a nap 
we lost today...word.
Mini van swag
dealer expo is on the horizon, combine, firemen etc use the ten days off to come and give u a review.
WILDTHINGS2 better that the first....because of you..Watching it now!
Throw it in the freezer for a min RT : phone is off til it cools off
:: Two VT'd shows down and two to go.
This may take longer than I expected but not bad after a twoday laryngitis layoff.
Pretty shocking to see Miami down 20, let alone giving up 70 in a half...against the Warriors.
ill dm him for u
In New York.....Boardwalk Empire, HBO and Cartoon Network auditions.
Oh my......it should be here by now :
At least the Wild Card race means baseball is almost over.
Nothing that boring to watch should have a season consisting of 162 games.
I'll have to get to more than 1 next season.
have a blast!
What's ur fav song?
would love to work with you dm me the details if possible
The novelty of using a push mower ends the moment I sit down, my head paused spinning just long enough to ask what the hell I'm doing.
We Reach The Climax
Elmer Fudd was killed by the Tasmanian Devil and a black panther?
Why did he yell geronimo before he died?
Ugh!
I've had a verse from a James Taylor sing in my head ALL DAY!
Help me!
Nothing beats an awesome doctormmer in the studio!!!
14 year olds shouldn't be on Twitter because most of them won't shut up about their problems.
Some things are meant to be kept to yourself.
The check out guy at Trader Joes just called me shorty.
Its totally ok cuz he looked exactly like mister T.
email with a menu, prices, a pic of your display,  3 references.
We'll put you on file!
I'm obsessed with 's new CD This Is How The Story Goes.
10 well spent!
Oh Milwaukee...you got the best of me...
Hold Up!
U haven't been watching?!
Tisk!
: I need to watch this show.
Love Kerry Washington!
Thanks!
Followed back!
See???
effed up tweets
Interesting question about the purchasing model for the AppStore in regards to teachers
seriously!
freaking love NewGirl !!
Music, spoken word, beauty body and hair are all in the house at naturallypretty event by naturalchica n
RT : What would the best CarlBeane tribute be tomorrow at Fenway Park?
Go to iTunes and get album TabloidTruth and check out the single Maniac ft
not yet mayb if u message me
Food Fact of the Day: St.
Patrick's Day is the biggest day of the year for combined food and beverage sales in restaurants and bars.
Furious comeback from early 140 deficit for the Pack..
Aaron Rodgers brilliance or great adjustment by the Pack Defense??
RT : Thanks to for setting us up for the doctorft !
Had a great time and really appreciate it.
GO COLTS!
Spring has returned in Tennessee after a weeklong cold snap.
What's everyone up to this weekend?
Happy New Year to our followers!
May 2012 be a year of golfing glory!
have you seen the banana guy done by this artist?
Also very cool
no, i was giving back to my community all day, today at my alma mater HS.
nope, never worked with Jumpstart/City Year :/
good morning every body!
what a beautiful day!
I am so thankful.
Green voxbox shipment is scheduled for the 3rd week of July.
Make sure to unlock yr green badge to chive green goodies!
Happy Easter Alice
Hot100 Round 3 tomorrow You dont wanna miss it!!
Don't forget folks Roller Derby at the Main Street Arena this weekend.
Cinco de Mayhem!
If you ask for a copy of your own credit report then this is a permissible purpose.
Dont be afraid to go out on a limb.
Thats where the fruit is.
H.
Jackson Browne
Jack Nicklaus announces Columbus, OH to host the 2016 U.S.
Senior Open.
Congrats Scioto Country Club!
And why is that?
okay!
What time?
I get off at 4
I don't care
Old friend and former Huron colleague Faye Rice just started at Natoma Partners this week.
Welcome aboard Faye!
haha well I can't give him an F cuz then he wont take me to the mall ever again or anywhere ever again haha but thnxs anyway:
: btw who hates Michael Jordan?
The whole city of Charlotte..
he just got there didn't he?
What about his Parisian?
Wikipedia Lookup and Readcap look mighty helpful.
Word is, he unfollwed everyone but two people, thinking it would be truer to his hermit nature.
Friday night: Thousands of lights will sparkle downtown from the City  County Building to Union Station entertainment!...
I've wasted plenty
What to do with my life.
Why not go to the old bldg to do a live show..
Different location, different ISDN line little downtime, still live.
Oh wait.
They don't care
Jarek Column: Silence is golden, and getting harder to find  Fond du Lac Reporter
Dang bro I just got this!
You shoulda text me!
RT : comedy night tonight?
I wanna watch some Hal Sparks.
Capitalism will put more people to work than Socialism  Communism!
Unions started out when laws were not in place now they just take money
never underestimate the power of the silent treatment.
Delia has to pee !
My thoughts exactly.
RT : Huh?
Had the SAME thought!
RT 's Nonprofessorts  Data webinar.
The tweetable version is the new elevator pitch.
Hey !!!
TY for following us!
Have a super Wednesday!
Shawnee.
Was a used copy.
No Calculator?
BIG problems!
.
Study hard students!
Summer is almost here.
RT: : Nine Days of classes plus Finals.
finally someone is asking the hard hitting questions this campaign has been avoiding.
heartaches and mistakes how many hits can a good girl take ?
Nice haha and im in the worst freakin study hall ever!
You cant even listen to music!
an I know she gotta ortho appointment
I'm on a diet but I'm doin donuts in the 6 speed
Four finals, two projects and two more days of my internship!
I'm super blessed to have talented and beautiful friends who are doing amazing things!
Nap Nap WEINER.
Better 'get your Instagram on' now....
totally unprovoked!
Tonight catch Mount Kimbie and Machinedoctorm at Cervantes Masterpiece Ballroom in Denver, I will be showing my New Feather Collar Accessory!
Miami Heat will play second half today without Chris Bosh, who reportedly suffered an ab strain.
RT : Listening to salsa at work, that's how you know you put a buncha hispanics into one office// LOL!
good btw check out kristen stewarts interview where she talks about steamy sex scenes in breaking dawn pt 2
What ever became of those food truckrelated doctorbble shots you took?
Make something out of yourself!
That's awesome!
Thanks for remembering us and sharing the memory.
DickBatchelor is still hard at work helping the kids of FL.
Brady to Moss...Gotta LOVE it!
GO PATS!
just saw the orthopedic surgeon for knee pain.
He prescribed 5 injections of SUPARTZ joint fluid therapy.
Has anyone had experience with os
Why Thanks!
I like them too!
Please visit our website at www.spheregs.com and let us know how our new design is coming out!
Most of my jobs have required security clearance  doctorg tests.
Good thing reality doesn't cloud a good, destructive rumour.
Then you got 'em coming man.
Whitney Houston was such a beautiful talent.
And Adele looks beautiful!
Darn you Angry birds 
baby what you talking about
Thanks to for getting Helloween stuck in my head this morning.
OF COURSE Peyton is a bronco...the dude is OBSESSED with horses!
His new boss looks more like one than he does...
Good Shit.
A smoker will seek out what he needs.
RT : FF Thanks for the mentions  RTs this week!
via
Skepticism and fascination is a part of my thinking.
Rebecca Keller
Don't be sorry hoe...be careful..
money mike voice
We had 4 inches of snow in Plano, TX yesterday, what spring?
thank you so much!
Still relaxing in
Even better...
Madonna, Tom Brady, Eli Manning human centipede halftime show
I'm not telling people who like it that they're wrong.
I'm just betting doesn't like their own ending.
Too many holes.
just chilling, trying to figure out what exactly austin's doing.
I think he's sleeping.
Do you know?
get it!!
Wednesday Bible Study, as always, was on point.
I appreciated that we revisited a passage from two weeks ago.
God don't make mistakes...
can't trash talk...suckin right now.
I know that even with the seams stitched tightly, darling, scars will remain.
oops!
We forgot to thank you too for bringing uxhappyhour to Seattle!
Grim news from eye doc.
Looking forward to the rest of my career on concrete poetry  land art.
Depends on how much you love it already.
For some reason, the things you love always wind up costing you.
it doesn't say doctornk resistant.
; 
Seeing a dude walking a small dog always makes me laugh a little.
I used to, but I can't even eat those any more.
If there's some cooked down in a sauce or something I can tolerate it.
Baylor has no answer for Kentucky.
First half totally out played.
seriously stop retweeting my tweets to me and my brother, i know you think he's cute, but you don't know him
Just ate a burger without a bun so if anyone asks I had a steak for dinner tonight.
Terrible morning and day so far needing a turn around real quick!
At home, working on the usual nefarious plots!
I think publishers have to stop being so afraid of ebooks and embrace them.
THAT WAS SICK!
Every time I get a message; I smile...
hope it's you : 
Out on the town with some cuzos
yeah nardo Jamo it is!
Thanks for the rt!
Headed off to Standard Hotel opening night PEN World Voices penfest2012 Love the Highline, cool illuminated puppets
I do too.
it was Obv a joke Haha take one
jack lalanne, running, soup, montaigne, and more at www.susanefine.com
: Thanks for a great conference !
Feel inspired and met some amazing people.
dsum12 Well stated.
Thank you.
In the epic battle of Matt v.
Google News.
Matt wins.
But who knew such a small code change could cause issues like that?
stopkony should never stop trending
stagecoach about to start!
Who knew there were so many cowboys in SoCal?
Up first: Eli Young Band.
yes!
Love
to quote salt and peppa...push it.
push it real good!
BRONCOS r a real team for 2013 super bowl
Hunt: our institute brings together mothers from 40 conflictaffected countries, see what they're doing.
Everyone should read Denise Richards book!
She has dealt with some sad, crazy  happy times.
Things we all can relate to!
Playing at Acoustic Cafe at Pace University tonight.
Show starts at 5, 3 to get in, come support the theatre department!
is on the beach at Presque Isle State Park.
Ahh...
the sun is good.
Working on a marketing plan to attract new clients.
Now the whole cast is going!
DANGER!
The undergraduate degree is becoming a research degree
I'm a little sick of Adele, yes, but I can't help but love her truly, madly, deeply.
How can this be so?
it said the video could not be loaded
there was school today?
oh...
lol, oh well.
The new logos and color scheme for are FANtastic.
Yea in a sort they bugged .
but then i will change it into a new good one that panda prize and well fixed soon as were done...
Apparently smoking hookas is a great way to jumpstart innovation  Sammy Haroon
The picture of Dorian Gray  
go chris BROWN!!!
This Magic film on ESPN is pretty good.
IDA's helped New Mexicans buy first homes and uplift neighborhoods, becoming involved in local government and mentoring friends and family.
who rangers win!!!!!!
Learn from the mistakes of others, life's too short to make them all yourself
TwinterGames 3WordsAfterArnisPizza: Jan.
1623, describe the perfect Arni's pizza in 3 words or less.
Use  and tweet to
FURSHOW MAN..GOTTA DO IT BIG U KNOW ITS MAJOR..
Ladies with CONFIDENCE you have the ability to achieve and accomplish ANYTHING!!
KNOWWHOYOUARE u will than at dat moment b
Love getting phone calls from when Shes in Kansas!
I am obsessed.
thanks for keeping me tagged in that whole conversation guys
Wacha' doin', Granpop?
Noon.
Book talk on Slave in the White House
Yes I did : But none of us knew he could really sing til he started showing us his youtube videos, LOL
Damn is it Questionnaire Day For Sherod...Stop asking me all these damn questions!!!!!
hell yeah!
what you writing?
hey chelsea you look sexy with your pretty eyes where you from
who knew Jimmy Spinoza had a twitter!?!
doctorma beats is so sexyy oh my god
December is not a working month
Scary time to be a bartender right now.
Cinco de Mayo  Ill have another!
Man
dude I look black in the shower!!
'Relax a bit'  'Sleep', right?
You must do that once in a while I'm certain.
Saturday w/ Dom Kennedy!
It cant get no better.
Grind'n
www.VideoTVEmail.com Intergrated MobleMarketing Join for a LiveWebDemo 4/18/11 at 8:14pm EstRSVP N/Ph/E to:
follow me?
text me!
Help us get to 2,500 fans on this page.
Share our page on your page and ask people to like Denver Browns Baseball
Saying, OH YEAH I REMEMBER  when you really don't.
Raining in the county..
to say the least :/ Good thing I wasn't thereI would have started singing our national anthem!
Bahha!
I want you, all tattooed, I want you bad.
Completely mistreat me.
I want you to be bad bad bad bad bad.
sad loss for RM.
sad!
well I'm sorry I don't sit around on my phone or watching the tv at work!
Like some people....
: Happy cincodemayo to all my fellow spics, now grab a corona and party on the lawn  my FAV holiday party time!
A TED Talk is the best talk you can give, ever.
not tryna do this romeo and juliet homework
Ive been told to use this from now on.
IRDLOL I really did laugh out loud.
I wish you were mine 
so Jake care to explain about telling MY WIFE about your little friend?
welcomes the military ball!!
The next 2 days are big for me!
I finally getting meet and I'm signing the lease for LemonTreeNutrition !!!
I'm about done with all the whining and mumbling...not enjoying this morning AT ALL kids!!!
I can't stop smiling
Never been a Nuggets fan before.
Cc:
changing my bed sheets, probably the hardest task in the world
I'm having a great morning daytrading and calling the IRS...yeah baby!
Free burger at with proof of Yelp in Denver review!
Seriously Shugs....it was Stewart Downing taking it!....I would be more impressed if you had predicted him to score and he did!
Wtf ?
Do you guys have no clue how to handle crowds?
You all should be ashamed.
Fucking evil monsters.
total amateurs.
Been fielding lots of genre questions since that last tweet!
We asked author K.
Meyer to describe Grosvenor Squares genre.
Next: Her words.
: Finally here to see Avatar, I've seen less people in a theater on the second week.
This must be a really good movie
what's up?
Oregon St vs.
Oregon...
QUACK QUACK!!!
:D
Outstanding place to work  relax when in Beavercreek OH: Coffee is the best; Thanks Chrissy 4 exc svc The Greene
Gotta stay positive and in prayer
I honestly can't read Bill.
It's impossible to tell if he's just messing with me or not.
Nicks is absolutely a No.1 WR, who said he wasn't?
Come hear me trainwreck at the artifice.
1130pm tonight on the wheels of steel
That was the most Tony Campana situation ever.
1st place in our division, best choreography and overall grand champ for all level 3!!
FTC juniorgreen today was a good day 3
Follow Back?:
I miss school lol
whatif??
NAACP and teaparty actually saw that they have some common interests.
Very scary for those pimping race issues and making !
Don't know about that.
I was trying to send the tweet from the other account to have one up there when I got to class.
I failed :
In a very, very expensive neighborhood.
Nothing's worse than packing up your apartment when you don't want to leave in the first place.
A reminder that we're shifting over to books, so follow us there to stay uptodate about Childoctorn's Book Press!
S/o to my followers team follow back
So it is NOT true that you are divorcing?????
If she's on the rag never let her fry the Ragu  Doom
we had to write who is our hero for a composition and i chose loveyou3
not possible
honestly, i dont want to get caught up in the LA lifestyle working to party and buy clothes.Iwant to act, and praise the Lord
strong students are def in interest of school, but not so strong studs who pay full price arent
: re: selling house
cause girl on in love 3.3
I know 100 isn't a lot, but to me it is and again to everyone.
Thank you.
:
I guess I could go to a sports bar for the sjsharks game.
No because I don't make dumb bets, but I do know they'll lose.
Wolves was taken almost directly from a Ronald Reagan ad.
No creativity whatsoever.
My big girl Danielle graduates from 8th grade tonight
OH GOD NO.
Ed and Cher Lloyd are the only secrets I've got left!
Well, and Cheryl Cole sorta.
DailyRebellion: Set firm boundaries.
good luck!!!
Have a safe trip.
:
washington capitals....
and they can SMD!
I think I might just move here.
Pretty awesome city.
March madness time to make money 
Did you know we deliver lunch to your car?
Order 30 min in advance, pull into our curbside parking, and lunch is delivered to your car!
I'm actually really nervous tho O.o omg help
hell yea it does!!
Maybe even have to pay
Papa Doug decides?
Our Headbands Our Now A San Francisco Original !!
Made In San Francisco !!
Happy Summer y'all!
Celebrate by loving USA, getting outdoors, swinging a bat, staying hydoctorted, and charging the mound
ohh:
Some people...
take us through the narrow door from which an endless river flows into a new bodywounded but unafraid; through JC, the passion of God.
Amen
Damn I'm still ranting to nobody...
Lol..
I'm out..
So do you have any Replacements to bring it to eleven, as they would say on Spinal Tap.
if i say i love you i mean my words you should stop playing with my heart and say it when u mean it
My man Mike is ripping up the radio as Hamlet right now.
WAMU
A few hours from showtime!
I'm Prime Minister of pissing people off.
The Ruler of Rubbing You The Wrong Way  Shit.
Even though I want to leave I will always find a reason to stay
ASKKIAN why are you do good looking?
Searching for coffee, one of the proverbial quests of every musician!
jerrybrown just went over the 50 threshold, i guess 150mm doesnt go as far as it used to, Meg.
I pretty much feel like for the last six days someone has been kicking me in a barn.
I used to love her, but I have to kill her
These are my absolute most favorite people on the planet 
Tat My Name On You Girl So I Know Its Real Tat My Fucking Name On You So I Know Its Real
i'll let you know ASAP...
I might just go one night
a lot happened.
And the memories of it just all came up and out like I just vomited them out
LOL  I had some blue cheese and salami in my salad yesterday.
My coworkers were not happy.
;
why you no follow me too ????
Woot, suck it Rangers!
This I just want my pants back is looking like my kind of show.
I'm thankful I have everything I want.
And no one else has anything better.
Betty Francis.
Spoken like a true Republican.
2011in4words Fuck this year's doctorma.
No, they finished the dunk contest.
: ThingsBetterThanTheDunkContest LEBRON and the 4th QUARTER
MY ANKLE CAME DOWN ON IT WRONG
Awesome Chipotle commercial, but I prefer Qdoba.
Week 4 is already underway...just another weekend of competitive youth basketball throughout Colorado!
At my BestFriends house watching her eat cheesecake lol :
Ever have moments when everything comes fullcircle?
I have
Hair Kitty Kitty: Wedding Hairstyle Ideas
just thought I'd ask...
What the heck are SheWee's?
;
I'm thinking the DUEL hitting coach thing is WORKING.
THIS: Sorry, orange parking cone.
You have been replaced on our OL.
Laughing my a off here..
Omg
You could build a new arena with all the bricks the Kings are putting up tonight.
watching the saints kick off the season at bdubs who dat!!
yeah.
I have a bio about him on my FB under my about me section.
He's my alter ego ;
God gave me you for the days of doubt And for when I think I lost my way There are no words here left to say, it's true God gave me you
The Missionaries in Haiti are in a bad position.
The Missionary position.
Hee haw
WHAT IT DEW PIMP
Do you think when mobsters in the Galapagos dump a body they say, He sleeps with the turtles.?

3 great officials collecting a paycheck who couldn't care less, knowing that RU wasn't going to win 5 games in 5 days
me too!
I was mad about it.
on a roll!
: American or Canadian?
RT : what is two plus two?
I think but I think they actually helped blocking the ball it could've been worse
Troopswap DC is now providing weekend deals and we couldn't be happier.
A new deal a day, seven days a week.
Good luck to the homies at the Battles tonight, tear em up!
The greatest run in NFL history came from some damn skittles
you're not into that??....weird...
Make a difference after graduation.
Attend the info session Monday from 56pm in McKinley 155
Uhoh.
Here's hoping the birthday celebrating hasn't ruined you.
; Happy Birthday Weekend!
: we need to get forTony trending retweet this
Thanks for your Tweet love!
Who wants a sneak peek at the first song from my band Life As A Martyr's new EP?!
For fans of BMTH, Woe, Is Me, Miss May I, Parkway, etc!
Follow me on instagram
Thanks bro, Do you have a Tumblr?
teamfunsize where y'all at???
RT for a s/o
you!
to my knowledge, we haven't yet worked with can't wait to meet them though!
Whenever The Spurs Lose Goes Into Hiding Like A Hoe.
No way.
Three Toes is a cultural singularity.
E am oh, i am too stupid to show up to doctorver meetings.
Wreck him.
I am impressed!
Simple.
Creativity.
RT : Roses are red, violets are blue.
Reddit.
Bacon.
Poet...ry?
Happy birthday 3
poofs him back to me  puts a magic spell on the mansion.
no magic
hahaha I love Jordan :
Ellie Mae Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
Smoking weed under star projectors
The mcfadden ward coference for historic houses has pulled together amazing speakers on museums, audiences and history.
George...are you hopping on the Kings bandwagon with everyone else?
It was listed under Green Tea.
sulk
hail straightedge
I hate sleepin alone...guess a cold night without her :
Siri, clear my schedule today.
I'm ready for a nap.
Yes!:doctor : So me and are pulling a Jessica tomorrow hahahah!
:'
Will I ever see You smiling back at me How will I know If I let you go
I just got off work and I already ate so just come afterwards if you want.
Bubble bath here I come.
for those local, we are filming this sun apr 29 in kendallville.
if u wanted to be in my video, plz email me
Your song must get played for at least 60 seconds before it counts as a BDS spin.
One verse in the mixshow aint gone cut it.
My husband: You say 'curmudgeon' like it's a bad thing.
Indeed!
wherearethemen?
RT : Want to see a reverse gender gap?
Come to a museum conference.
thanks RT : Shout out to , one of the most intelligent and hard working managers/entrepreneurs in the business.
Loving staying up all night its pritty cool it is hella foggy out side
Tryna survive through all the pain and rough..
Good luck!!!
My gift to my mom is letting her watch me play baseball
I love doctorving3
1Buy sign 2Activate it 3Enter your listing details 4Setup your voicemail 5Direct prospects to ur website 6Return vmail on ur schedule
Thinking about what to do..
hopefully our plan works out..

hey Ramsay!
Send me your email via DM and i'll reach out directly.
Thanks!!
Bttrr was a gem as always!
So glad the weather behaved!Here's to another sunny day tomorrow when we go to Lincoln Pointe in Aventura 510pm
My mom's so fucking stupid and doctormatic.
Football after school, EXCITED!
lol...I've been talking trash all day about the opener.
Pretty sure that means the giants automatically lose.
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest marketing like Ms.
Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake Jamaican accent?
Tonight I'm at Beckett's Public House and club kiss 12am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago and 1035kissfm.com!
Taking every ounce of restraint not to reread Catching Fire right now but then I wouldn't sleep tonight.
lmao!
Actually Im only doing Skewers.
Everything is being taking care of :!
Although you know I can't stay away from a grill
Good morning 
That sounds great!
I am inspired and am gonna plan to get out of the city before the real winter hits and hit the trails!
:B
Or at least I hope I'll be able to make it through the first one, if the kiddo cooperates
you suck :P
Grading essays and wondering if my students were paying attention to the question.
I am there daily..
I feel your pain!
RT : Broncos WR Brandon Lloyd's 18.8yard receiving average ranks fourth in NFL history for a season.
But despite our best...efforts, I do not see a viable path forward for CLASS implementation at this time, Sebelius in letter to Congress
Courses selected for Ames
And by trauma  I mean physical, emotional, mental, sexual, etc., as trauma creates a dysfunctional relationship between body and food.
Reviewing my photos....i think I have crossed eyes  anyone else notice that?
I'm all up in the Lights, Camera, Social Action panel, hoping this doesn't turn me off progressive message films.
BRING INTELLIGENCE 2 UR GAME / B.I.G.
H.
I..T.T.S.
High Intensity Tackle Training Systems.
No missed tackles, Out hit ur opponents
There are some scumbags out there...
fo sho
my favorite part is laying 40:1 on answers I'm 99 confident on.
Good old fashioned degen moneymaking schemes.
Where's my car, where's my keys, where's my clothes?
No one Compares to me...
BITCHES GETTIN LOCKED UP FOR THESE NIGGAZ AND THE NIGGA CAN'T PAY HER BOND!??
DATS SUM SAID SHIT MANE!
Walkin over competition with no muscle to easy
makes Inside even better too
The house hunting begins!
And we might need a 3rd roommate but you would need to meet strict criteria.
Aw snap, Corey Red is back!
Big Ups to all the artists  Kmister
i want to be the best i can; for me, for you, for every man.
: haha hey i taled to mama!
About us going to the beach!
Praying for women and childoctorn who are abused.
May God help you through.
txt me!
BS!
straight up
If you're in town for the upcoming holidays, we have a resident who needs some help with her kitten.
Let us know!
finding the correct pair of socks in that big black bag is a
We're talking about WhitneyHouston this morning.
Remembering her and the very latest on the investigation into her death.
I actually haven't been here in months!
Need to do work, but need to absorb the sun more!
So glad you're back.
Just don't over do it plz.
Just watched Every Little Step for the first time!
Such a wonderful documentary!
Rose will be okay!
This off season I'll bulk him up to a solid 215.
Well mommy n dad got me tacos so I feel a little better ...
Unfortunately I still feel like shit so I'm not too hungry
Thank you Martin Sheen for coming out to the screening tonight!
What an inspiring  beautiful film!
Selling a bunch of equipment.
Canon, professorto, and other stuff.
Email me at if you're interested.
Tomorrow night Im gonna be at Recher Theatre in Towson for playing with Fuel!
Afterparty at Mobys in Fells with
Bossypants was perf.
Finished it on the flight.
Now onto 's Most Talkative!!
Holy moly, todays library welcome for new hum/soc sci PhDs was fantastic, lots of great questions  convo.
My first official SC talk down.
did you like orlando
My new favorite way to say something is a bad idea: Many Bothans may die.
via
My second family 3
bring some stank with u RT : I might have to come by there when I get off work tomorrow
Jeremy Lin is hot garbage.
Worst team in the NBA and they lose...good game.
That means next week intel will launch ivybridge.
The rule of upgrades states that when an upgrade starts new hw comes out
you've been annoyed lately cuz ur iPhone case is too slippery
i know really  recruiters are getting kinda desperate and lame
The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman nor an Empire.
when yells your name creepily down an aisle at meijers ...
That is a big deal!
We don't have any close so I have to buy it from the store.
hey follow me italiana
time to bite the bullet and do my taxes.
I am sure I will continue my streak of 5 straight years of owing money.
I love reading the teacher appreciation tweets.
I'm retweeting a few, but happy to say there are way too many to retweet all.
Man down!
RT : Wow!
People using spiralbound notebooks and pens seem retro and countercultural here at the Macdominated
My motto: Love me or leave me alone!
I gotta get out and go do somethin..
I agree.
I guess we shall see what happens.
: more than half of Google searches use 3 or more keywords
that's what u texted last night u said ERICA.
N stop shouting out my government
Cisco and Citrix have both had virtual switches running on hypervisors a couple of years now.
Not the same thing as what this
The biggest part of your view on the Bogut trade has to be your opinion of him returning to 09/10 preinjury form.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry.
We offer a free market approach to success!
It's the same for gay Republicans.
Teabaggers know the 1 pisses on them for sport still they are GOP enablers
Were glad to hear youre kicking off the week with a Sunbelt bar!
Which one are you munching?
RT: M sunbelt granola bars
Anyone want to do emerils stadium for the masters tomorrow?
: Got hurt playing Baseball.
Separated Shoulder.
:/ So disappointed but it could've been worse.
Hangin' in!!!
Feel better !x
We all make mistakes.
Some of us have just learned to apologize, grow from them, and move on.
Don't let an error paralyze you...
Coolin it.
Happy :
Am sure our president is black but we are still going more racism in America more than before.
mister President we need your help!
Play ball!
Apparently my fake Scottish accent is too atrocious for both my coworkers and Siri.
I consider that a win.
Catching up on recent work by and  makes engraving work so much more pleasant.
Why am I so ugly?
Thrones is the one.
The Killing has a stellar first season but went off rails right at start of season 2
Haven't I been good today y'all??
I will remember that, to find the joy in rainbows I must endure the rain.
I'M GOING TO SEE HUNGER GAMES!
...on Wednesday afternoon, when everyone else is at work or school, the way it was meant to be.
thanks girl!!!!
mama wanted me to get every pair of shoes in buckle idk what's wrong with her today!!
But I love em to
10yrs ago, u graduated.
Lol RT : 10year high school reunion this summer.
What the fuck happened?
Boyfriend best song !!
;
We've got and in the office, talking with and about the emerging UNY startup scene.

Whenever I get mad, I just imagine a trex trying to pick up a basketball.
Noeleen: When picking your spokespeople cast a wider net and find people who are likable.
The CEO of BP is not a good example.
i moved out.
laughs you missed Riley's rebellious phase.
RIP Matt Hughes 3
is that a 40 oz protein shake or muscle milk
Thanx for the RT.
See you in class
sounds amazing...and delicious, even though it's the skins
He still gives the best hugs.
3.
get back to me when doctor Buss is begging fans to show up and on time.
The promotion site on my professorle can help your promote yourself 4 free.
: Please follow i will follow back!
I was rooting for Jeff  Jordan until Jeff evicted Danielle, now I am glad Jeff was the next to be evicted
My revenue is working in inverse proportion to the number of tweets I send out.
Just sayin'
Anything good to eat in Waco?
We are having a meeting of the reference librarians at NJIT today
Come to my Acting Class TONIGHT!
7pm We're going to work on auditioning skills.
Class is only 20.
Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave 1203 NYC
Lovin it!
Makes me want to attend the saa2012 4pm Collections committee meeting!
you're welcome!
keep up the great work!

Aquarians don't forgive so easily.
Good luck ever getting their trust back
yeah, me too!
but, here comes a migrain.
i can feel it.
/ ': GREAT!
leadership means someone has chosen to follow you...
Are you a leader or a bully?
RT : Camera Awesome  the newest best iPhone app ever?
And free!
Check it out.
I.
Love.
You.
come back to atlanta.
and i NEED fortune.
:
Lesson learn dont even trust friends .......
Classes r over!!!
schoolsout 2nite come vibe  the venue w/
USPS all the way Matt...no need for ups unless someone specifically requests it ;
HAHAHAHAHAHA.
I will alert the neighborhood cats.
Ready for this first game to roll around because practice be hell
Where did he get an assault rifle!?
wow that's super cool.
Maybe we'll see you there
Thanks for the FF friend!
I'm so comfy I don't want to move...
but I have to...
ugh
I don't know I kind of want to bedazzle my kids on occasion.
Make them match my outfit?
What?
You don't do that?
Stupid work schedule ; I have a feeling ima die
I am pretty sure i was Cookie Monster in my past life..
like literally, like literally seriously!!
Or maybe i kinda still am?
Peeing on a boat is a great challenge in life.
If you got nothing good 2 say, sit it down and S.T.F.U.
A half hour in the waiting room of a neonatal intensive care unit gives you some perspective, that's for sure.
Another GOPer endorses after winner is determined.
RT : RT : Rick Perry endorses Romney.
I know right?!!
Prob why that came from THAT account.
lol
The invisible hand of the marketplace is the most ridiculous form of faith yet devised.
im guessing his gps isn't working?
You guys have been extra presh lately.
Aww.
Funny how our law school doctorpped off that list.
Feel like the world is fucking me in the ass today..and it hurts...
Have a safe trip!!
The sun will come out tomorrow, tomorrow...bet ur bottom dollar that tomorrow, there'll be sun!
This is gonna one mother of a day.
Everything happend so fast
welcome to twitter
If at first you don't succeed, kill everyone that saw you fail
RT  Friday I shot fell asleep on the train and rode the F train for 3 hours til 8:30 this morning
Absolutely not.
I'm in LA.
The nights just getting started :
Enjoy the weekend!
Can't believe the weekend is already over.
That went by faster than Kim Kardashian's marriage.
TooSoon?
would love to sign but we believe idol contestants have presigned deals with the tv show.
very nice
No better airline than USAIRWAYS  Guess I'm spoiled.
Thanks for the great service guys, and Thanks Hamp Walters for the fancy swag.
Woohoo!
Patty is fine.
AuntPatty sounds like I'm 104yrsold.
How goes studying literature/ww1?
It's only 8:05 and I already need a nap.
Badly.
Anyone attending SF Maker Faire this weekend?
Long days but I know hard work pays
Leading issue from the AFP Fiscal Reform conference is How to best restrain the growth of runaway government in Oregon
I love John Edwards, he remines me how stupid I was to believe in him and u can't know everything about a candidate .I need to be humbled.
Hi twitter .
Life doesn't have a remote,get up  change it yourself.There's no rewinding the past or fast forwarding  no pausing.
Live In The Moment.
3
I.k.r!?!?
Omg that would be terrible if the movie sucked..
Happy International Dance Day!
Get up and dance for 15 minutes!!
Ball didnt hit rim, should be shot clock violation, Magic ball with 14 secs to play.
anytime : But i have a question, its not personal its about music.
actually good!
Paced myself.
Not inebriated at any point today :
It's so strange being followed by myself.
Well...you know what I mean.
love the cake, looks good.
Love the support
He is da BOMB!!
RT : People should go follow my close friend , his music is so inspirational and amazing!
every six months here too.
And I'll give a 1 on that
OUCH!!
RT Under SOPA, you could get 5yrs for uploading a Michael Jackson song.One year more than the doctor who killed him.
twitter is legit babe!!!
Why is the french fry called a french fry its american food?
don't forget about the old ass whipping I use to give u
You're a sweetheart!
I will be picking up my mother later and take her to my sister's house for the Passover Seder
Funny...
LOL North Korea couldn't get it up
Sick again...ugh this sux
Email andoctorw simplegeo.com if you're interested!
sure; do you want mine if I can find it?
The Games class is great.
Life is like a wave.
Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
youngsluts are all used up by 20.
Kobe's killing early
Venti Black Iced Tea.
Round two!!
Make Room!!!!
God enlarge, expand, and increase.
OH: I'd say, this is more of a Montel Williams situation than a Jerry Springer one

My bud Lou Holscher tells me how great the cruises are.
I wonder how great can it be without DONNA LYNNE blowing the blues?
can u see my bra:4
No way in Hell a Pirates pitcher is going to hold a team hitless!
she's so lucky!!
Where does she work?
Thanks for including me as a Book Babe!
And thank you for being one of the smartest  interestingest tweeps I follow : .
I think we need to get hammered and look at some dildos.
on our joint birthday party with
Man just read my mind.
I was just gonna say cheddar bob was a better rapper than Soulja boy.
Lol
just saw The Avengers, great movie and awesome to see downtown Cleveland in the movie!
thank ye kindly!
I'm just relieved that nobody really said anything awful about me!
YAY!
And mashed potatoes...meaning I'm cooking, listening to MJ and, the food tastes good...Not that I literally put my foot in the food.
disney is so fantastic this time of year !!
today in florida Orlando it is 78 and breezy could not be more perfect !!!
yes!
you visiting anytime soon?
Ladies  gentleman, this week's winner for first spambot to ff us: !
What would I do if followed me today..?Most likely scream,cry,jump up and down,and try to grow a mustache :D Florida,USA!!
Do What You Want, Be What You Are!
Respect those that Respect themselves
It is all coming together you kind of have the beiber bangs
Melissa Schuman of Lady Phoenix never before released single Don't now available on Itunes!
I'm bored on at Saturday night...
LorangerChris SCminihuman It's like a reminder, 'oh shit, he's actually a native speaker  I totally forgot that'.
How's the training and diet brother?
Arms with Neil Hill and Kris Gethin other day.
700 reps, gym 110 degree inside...lol
because you don't want to get that late text, that say I think im late text lol ha
nice.
Uh no invite?
lol.
Trying to research Chinese architecture and I keep getting photos of Disney Oh, America.
Lady Antebellum: RB has it's roots in the South, along with country music.
Uh, ixnay on the averyslay...
Happy Thanksgiving from the entire Nighthawk family!
I'm a psychologist.
I study behavior patterns.
I notice when something is out of the norm and what that probably means.
Book participant Jeff Duncan, and clan have a gig tonight w/ at the Key Club in Hollywood.
The band RULES!
who are you hahaha
I gotta question
YES.
PERFECT.
THANK YOU.
Fabulous!
Congrats!
Thanks!
You too!!
: that is where we lose it, by everyone learning on their own there isn't enough sharing of knowledge
I'm not sure which is sadder, that is a serious contender or that won a Congressional primary.
damn u seem so f cool please follow me back!!!
happy new year!
i hope everyone has an amazing year!
be sure to check out the sgh store!
Whaaaa?
Not looking forward to figuring out my schedule.
MT Chapter Treasurers meeting same time as Business Meeting?
you can have them scan several to make any size donation you want!
So easy!
I sat next to some weird girl during lunch and told her she was my date, now she won't leave me alone.
She followed me to all of my classes.
lol!
U should just make a massive tweet of the definition.
Lol.
Obviously they don't know about google.
Lol
: Such a random group but I'm excited for this weekend!
hahah nocomment once again, good thing no one will be there
As to the youthful indiscretions of presidential candidates:, we shouldn't necessarily choose the one who's done the least cocaine.
I so glad God gave me this talent.
My composition of music is on a level of its own S/O the
not an option bro
how's the Vic doing?
Anymore Stinky Gringo nights??
Lol!
I hate being sick
i wear wateva i want.
I promise I will win this game for you.
I'm going to do my best today  it's all for you.
You will always be in my thoughts.
3
I hope everyone stayed safe with Irene!
Thought I lost my wallet before taking prospective clients out to lunch.
Found it in my pocket
Going to the Arnold Expo?
I used to go every year...its a blast
ThingsIGetALot; You're short!
STFU, everyone knows lol.
Thank you for stating the obvious.
;p
Hairballs?
IBD?
SlipperyElm powder is safe for Pets and their devoted humans, too!
HerbalPetFirstAid tip from
iheartonenote.com TellAFriend Contest is in full swing  check it out at w.iheartonenote.com  see who is ahead
Thanks for follow, Greg!
I hope you can still come to the Creative Placemaking Workshop at Hampden Family Center tomorrow, 68PM
NEW YRS RESOLUTION..to see and meet the and Tattoo Tuesday may just spread the wurd;
I feel like RNG went home..
:'
thx for mention!
We are excited to announce that we will be rolling out a new site with special features for all the fans out there next week!
Stay tuned!
Thanks and see you on the west coast this summer!
I actually did get spine.
Lol.
so true!
Rt: The best academy, a mother's knee
Let's go Nuggets!!
Wait...God is trending on Twitter?
hey my dad said he might be able to get a spot for you.
He wants you to call him.
I guess I'll just message you the number?
PS 99.9 sure that was Damon's blood that turned Elena since we saw him donating to Meredith.
Sire bond sexiness?
Flops on flops on flops.
Wow Miami.
See you at karaoke tonight!
685 Sutter street.
What song should I start with?
Change came when I least expected it.
Game on!
Did Kenny Albert really just say the Devils take advantage of the universe?
Yikes.
hahahaha yeah she's got an iPhone now!
I'm still shocked
Nightmare on Elm Street: doctoram Warriors.
Campy horror and I laughed a lot.
It's that or I need therapy.
Nuggets played great but the Lakers sleepwalked for 44 minutes.
Good news is Ron Artest won't have to miss any games against OKC.
Friends are like potatoes.
When you eat them, they die.
Pickup this week's  read Hemon's 'The Aquarium' One of the most despicable religious fallacies is that suffering is ennoble..
my chocolate cocaine in her feelings lol
Terminal 2 at SFO now has a YOGA ROOM.
In addition to raw food, Blue Bottle, gluten free cupcakes  Cowgirl Creamery.
i smoke weed by myself anyway
I'd rather them audit for the money before asking for more revenue.
City's too pricey as it is.
Oh well I expect so.
How could a girl ever love a lier?
:P But thank you :D xoxo
Whatever you guys so are the Titans every Playoff Season...Pens will be back.but the Titans will still golf
didn't tryed talk to the moon cause i knew that if i tryed it you were not trying like me.
Twin peaks lol
wut color did you get
ACA making health care available to millions;now isn't the time to let employers, insurance co.'s deny access to critical services
too bad I quit Spanish this year...but I'd rather learn on my own without the pressure of a grade!
Me nd ray havin a conference meeting on this game injury.
I have no clue haha
Noted...that UI is definitely going to change :
The same to you my dear Andoctors!!!!!
Many blessings
as hot as ever ;
Mitch Daniels looks like one of those aliens from close encounters of the 3rd kind.....
: Happy Bday Ty!
Honey?
Do we have any doctorchmas?
My Birthdays next month.!
The countdown beqins
A poor 10 minute sequence can't undo 60 great hours of content over 3 games.
Disappointing?
Yes.
Would play again?
Absolutely.
peace follows the prayers of a humble and contrite heart.
Merry Christmas And happy holidays!
Correction: Matty C will be on the radio at 8:20!
AHA!
you said get off me im rubbing off on you :
Never too early to start training RT : Adding breakdance to my growing list of skills needed for next years
Already here.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Buddha
Recently Said This Business is 90 Business  10 Talent,Lindsay Lohan Is Suing Him Again Saying This Guy Just Wont Stop
hope you are ready for the steryotypes that come with
Your I typed that out entirely too fast.
Wow people are lame arguing over a game
Every weekend I'm moved to say the same thing: there's just no better show on TV than
Out of nowhere, I received an 8 check from CafePress.
Haven't sold anything there in at least two years.
With the success of your app you'll never need to interview for another job.
Everybody has a girlfriend or boyfriend, and Im just over here like 'I love food'.
Dont take it personal if I don't always text you back or even text you at that..
I dont like texting unless I really like you or have news.
Chris Brown got his nose pierced..
what the actual fuck..
Confucius say: tying a mattress to the car roof is better than rain dance
Wednesday girls night!
?
RT : Whose the guy seated at the press table wearing the ultradark shades?
Reminder: the game's indoors
had a fuckin test 2 day
When you purchase any tile from Byrd you qualify for a 10 off discount on any Cote D'Azur fixturing from
fast rapping 
Good to hear u liked it.
I've shot a lot for them.
r great people.
Great shot!
Now we have to get Ben Franklin to join Twitter.
RT : That squirrel was running away because he knew if he stuck around, La Russa would have brought him in to face a lefty.
Law of Biomechanics  The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach.
I've got a great joke if you need it.
Happy late Birthday by the way :
That's just nasty baby that last tweet
thanks to all the international brands showing love.
Is this where Wayne Larriver calls a reverse dagger?
Getting busy printing some new stuff for Trying to pass the time before the big game.
Could you tell me a bit more about Pandora and Camera?
Good job jenniferhudson !!!
wow!
That's awesome!
How many screens is that total?
so why hold back?
just this morning i was wondering who will be the bright archivist to get a jump start on this collection?
Quick!!!
Everyone freak out about the fights
League of legends...but its becoming starcraft
ha alright.
I'll try to visit both, just woke up so give it time :
You keep counting...
because I won't!
:lol!
Shaviro: Physical science cannot describe interior qualities, only external, relational, and structural realities.
we need to chill !
Good Nights.
RT : Happy birthday!
Thanks for using the tag!
WeekendOutlook  Thanks!
Does anyone else think that the guys on American Pickers should get first crack at the folks' houses on Hoarders?
RT : RT : You do not need a parachute to skydive.
You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
LOL!

runnin a farm here in Pittsburgh!
We slaughtered the last 2 mentioned though...
When a chick msges u and say: i want sex.
bitch, Im.
Fuckin.Gay.
Hire a teenager when they still know everything.
Carrot addiction?
Haha I wonder what else she does with those carrots!?
However, when we take down pages about advisories, we post notices that the advisories are lifted in place.
Listening to eminem....amazing!!!
Are you getting one?
They look awesome.
Even tho porn  gambling are such bad thingsare their major professorts a sign that people still want to do rebellious things?
Is possible to conceive of the self as a stranger bearing strange ideas?
Ur still a part
oh so u watched bof?
Whos gotta do a bunch of crap tomarrow that they don't want too???
I know I do
from , Be platform agnostic.
Yay its on!
Endless are the blessings of those who believe
Elite 8 here we come.
that's funny!!
i was so mad last night i was having bad doctorams and everything.
i scratched up my face in my sleep.
:/
ithoughtyoulookedgood and i was right:
It fustrate's me when my parents dont give a shit about the good things im accomplishing but its all good im doing this for me !
yollow
YOUR ON THE RADIO AGAIN!!!: BOYFRIEND 33 I LOVE YOU!!!
FOLLOWME ?
just received the brochures and sample packs you sent for my support group.
Thank you for your help and support!
Great few days.
Successful trade show  spent a bit of time AL  MS: the last two states needed for a full 48 contiguous state set.
what are you studying for ?!
Wishing bought me my vitamin water she owes me 
With those teams and pseudostar players, it's easier to chuckle about lightheartedly.
Talent level leaves us wanting here.
Yay, thank you Meals on Wheels volunteers!
You rock!
I just want my daddy 3 :
Loving our party image graphic on our DL packaging.
Will be revealing soon!!
Archivists: Know of a good source 4 postcard sleeves that are 3 5/8 x 5 3/4, sealed on 2 sides, and heavyweight?
No luck w/HME or Gaylord.
Windows open at work.
What a beautiful day.

just because i'm so religious and shit.
Oomf said he about suck a some peacock in the bathroom and ASKED me can I be the lookout...
I'M LIKE CHILD PLZ, HELL NO!
Good Thursday morning to ALL.
Be productive.
How awful!
Such a terrible thing to do...
Sex offender?
Are you a child?
Not that I'm in jail or anything
o, I'm allergic to heights.
I'll catch you when you land!
wats up boss
thanks man!
I really dnt like andoctorid I'm going back to iphone..
Everyone be quiet we have to be up early.....
Kicked out of Central Park.
The great lawn is tasty.
Watched the 2 hour season premiere of TerraNova and calling it a night.
Good night all!
;
RT : Never take life too seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Author Unknown
spanks!
I plan on spooning my roomies cat.
He's the best little spoon ever.
He even rests his head on my arm/pillow
We 3 ur bloggers.
The most creative, innovative people ever.
Stay tuned for crazy, funny, awesome stuff!
and ppl get a lot of mail in one week when it's over.
Not like those doctorgofaweek when you get nuthin' !
Happy Birthday to my oldest daughter who is 19 today..
which means im old as s
y didn't u take it?
Mussle Monday.
Think tall glass of wine and three options for mussels.
Happy hour is getting happier.
The summer's first cottonwood fluffs doctorft heedlessly toward the nostrils of their fate.
No Hudler for the 2nd day in a row!
Things are lookin up.
How did your kid do in the movie?
We wondered about taking the 6yo.
Thank you!
That means a lot to me.
I hate my dad so much right now.
hahaha I was dying
I wish could come to Hawaii!!!
I would really love to see them in concert...can i get a shoutout??
Looking forward to seeing you!
There seems to be a virus spreading through the neighborhood.
Look under your chairs everbody!
You're getting an iPod touch!!!!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
did not know MD had so many wineries excited to check them out decanter
Talking about Coltrane.
Getting the hang of this lol
just say it?
send your project to when you are done with it!
Happy Valentines Day!
Date night tonight?
Oh oh, what to do w the munchkins?
www.MunchkinMinders.com
Still thinkin.........should I keep it going???
No problem.
Great session.
10 dollar buckets all night.
It's a wrap food truck at 7!!
If it was bad, you'd get diarrhea, you wouldn't die  my Japanese coworker commenting on my soy milk
i might not even get to 9th grade with my friends!
The body can heal itself when given the right conditions.
What are the right conditions for you?
doctor Reginald Worrel, Jr, My Life Coach!
IAmMikeKennedy I bet you can't.
In fact, I bet the only thing that'll make you feel better is beer and chicken wings.
Hi Eddie Thanks for following!
My Baby is content on going 2 party 2nite  crazy rays 0.o
Wow we are closer than I thought : yay....Since I've more time I grabbed extra bourbon
Brownie is the shit.
I had paused the game..
So I know I'm late.
This week we're visiting SouthAfrica Rwanda, exploring opps for collaborative partnerships with at
They're parents from school.
I've never heard Adele talk.
Do you know 3 of the top 10 karaoke songs in the UK are hers?
They mad cuz they not us
Finally starting to get through to this survey class.
doctorwing some sparks from that extinguished hearth.
Goodnight Mikey!
Sweet doctorams 
Retard cat takes after his owner...chewin' on batteries n shit
Enjoyed seeing Todd Rundgren on Tuesday night!
It was a great show!
Happy Mother's Dayy :
Counting down to Crown and Coke...2 1/2 more hours
ack!
however this reverse scrolling in hoot suite is pretty confounding
No prob!
Do you know when we get the shirts?
For those in Brooklyn NY watching fireworks, there is some kind of factory fire or something in Williamsburg right now.
i know.
what sucks is that ill have to wait till next january to get 1 lol.
ill prob be busy with the marine corps this fall
Hopefully doesn't hate on me for my last tweet...
no no don't worry about it!
and oh theres a contet on who can get the most likes on there fb page gets a prize!
followed :D
NorthPoint playing this Sunday Aug 15 2010 at Portland Saturday Market SW 1st and Ankeny downtown, noon4pm.
Come join us in the Oregon sun!
Or maybe she can hang out with a deer and hope a hunter gets her.
5 Gyros from 11am  4pm.
Tell me that doesn't cheer up your Tuesday afternoon!
not happening lol
Had a great time at gym.
:
Today we get a lesson in NE winds!
Went from 69 to 56 from 4 to 5am in mke!
Nothing interesting, u?
I'm tired of seeing that same damn Willy wonka picture with new words on it everytime
I still can't believe it all though so how are you?
Tix are claimed, guys.
sorry.
Enjoy the show, !
Supporting the boys was the best move Ive ever made : ForeverSupporting1D xx
who is that?
Lol
Sluggish: What slugs speak.
We are a new cidery in Philadelphia, PA, USA.
Nice to meet you!
Chargers 20 Cardinals 0 uh oh......
I believe so...
Another cassadine??
Wat u think
tables, fruits, and lean meats.
Cut back on empty calories like sodas and processed foods.
Really wants to get out and do something today.
Cheers too many more!!
Sorry so darn late!!
Get u a milkshake lol
Getting ready for the ride home!
Sex and the city w britany and Mia at work 3
Proud to see dbualum leading!
RT : Great wkend ministering in ATL!
3 buses on their way back to Dallas.
Pray for safe travel!

strange choice.
is looking for a Genesys Call Center Delivery Manager and a Genesys Systems Analyst for an exciting company in Foster City
I swear i couldnt be anymore ampt !!
You can make all kinds of algorithmic adjustments, but manual touchups always help.
Dig deeper.
don't make a decision based on your own feelings..
You will find what you have been searching for!
What u do 4 Christ will last!
The weather is perfect for a game of chess in Rittenhouse Square.
Stop by Holt's Cigars on Walnut Street  pick up our impressive set!
Playing doctorms for the great Aunt Martha tonight  Apple store!
9th ave and 14th st.
7:30 pm
DOJ Clarifies Meaning of 'Rehire' for I9 Purposes
I live for this shit
I hate homework.
I'm gonna unfollow if you dont stop retweeting all that.
ITS ANNOYING!
maybe she likes your twitter.
Think about it!
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
M.Williamson
If I got a tweet from I would probably pass out.
ToyotaAztecTriviaTime Coach Fisher was named NABC District Coach of the Year.
How many total wins has Fisher coached the Aztecs to?
What's good new follower?
Dont know what to do, take it up in prayer.
Hey Damien, thanks for the follow!
i say ima txt yuh ..rite after we got off dah fone...
um
lol crazy huh
Yeah.
And that paywall is a barrier to public participation.
TS has the best letters, it could have the best comments.
it's mesmerizing
Why does Bynum have gray hairs?
He'll be out a while, maybe even career ending b/c he already had bad knees.
Roses are red, violets are blue, shopping local is awesome, banking local is too.
You can also find them at any Firehouse Subs
Fear not, the good people welcome new friends.
Oh I get twitter now.
I'm just supposed to tweet what's on my mind: Boobs.
was that pic recent?
lol!
Glad I could bring u some laughter and a smile!!!
What can't I get followers?
I'm a nice person.
Is because I'm quiet?
Tweet...Tweet...Tweet.
How's that?
:
It's his last game!
Amen, sister!
RT: Can someone get this Internet away from me?
Love you, your politics and your taste in music...bliss!
Playing an FPS in some ways is just like life.
Either way, the goal is to aim high.
Mark Jordan and MINI Cooper Countryman: captainring beauty and poetry on film is a hallmark for International Hall of Fame Orange Count...
Yeah, I see you're standing too!
Good thoughts,energy, blessings to you.
All day.
We have to collab in the near future.
We are based in ATL
Full Throttle TV has come to NHRA.com.
See hot new video features, including interviews with Tony Schumacher and other stars of the NHRA
thx for the follow : now about ?
:
NowFollowing Support my girl  Follow now freaks sex toys on deck
We understand...
Sorry to hear about your loss!
Hells YES!!
That's what I'm talking about.
ANd I honk the D is going to be way better, no more antiquated scheme, blitz
We LOVE the video!
Thank you so much  we're so glad the service has been meaningful for you.
Kanye's a genius
TONITE Check Out our NEW SATURDAY SPOT!
ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB in Downtown Dallas!
I'm having problems installing MMS.
Have latest version of Adobe Air and I've tried all the download links...get errorred out.
Ive actually seen Ovechkin headhunt/charge in person.
Never gets called.
Yes!!!!
We need a kick returner and punt returner!
And another weapon for Aaron!!!
Go Pack Go!!!
How and where do we go to catch the Boss here at sxsw ?
Learning about the science of santa clause at thirstdc w/
A wise man Will make more opportunities than he finds...
Warning...
Do not clean the floor on your hands and knees with bleach....while wearing nice pants
uploading photos
I shall cut jaxshow some slack.
He's a great TV personality  he's a nice dude.
Met him before at an event.
This is temporary truce.
You can suspend Raffi Torres for the rest of the playoffs and id be fine.
Suck my Cockiness and Lick my Persuasion.
here's an idea, no record, I don't pay you
aw haha that is sweet giggles
Bank error in your favor receive 20
Puerto Rico with Linds
I love your imagines they are freaken AMAZING 3
lol haters going to hate
OH I'm probably the only person that's flattered when someone takes the time to post comment spa on my blog...
Wish work could get done from patio somewhere today!
Lovin the temp
good lookin out!
I was going to post rootcanal 1, hydoctorcodone 0 but hydoctorcodone took offense  rallied back.
I've been working on this tweet for 20 min.
Like do you not know im not going to read this.
lol that still cool me too :
thanks for the RT BIG D!
I don't even care, it's just the fact that he lied to me about it.
: Evening Grace, Patriots all:
I dig the way you think!
Thank you for sharing!
LOL!
I knew it!
You gave off a jeddi vibe
oh sweet jesus.
harry take me away pleasee.
uhfffffffffff.
wouldn't mind having all of them actually.
zayns a sex god too.
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom.
If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn.
Charlie Parker
Stop stress the way is Praise God and exercise!
With Peter at Kaldi's.
He's doctornking root beer and I'm doctornking an americano.
JE is interviewing for a job in Newcastle.
I've read some pretty twisted things too
Lady GaGa is a mess!!!!!
did well with 300 new followers from sharktank, but did you see added over 60K followers.

I OFFICIALLY.
HATE MYH FRIENDS!
!!!
pretty much.
God gives you righteousness for your wrongness!
Running out of room for followersthat means I need to build upwell over 1,000 nowTHANK YOU ALL!
Keep up the love!!!
lets doctornk and listen to brand new.
Check out the sale  threadless.com
So many dimes in 1 room Unreal
Thanks bro!
I dont let my mistakes define me, I let them remind me
Speaking of brainpoison, vim has me at the point now where I try to :wq out of IM conversations.
from what I've seen, you have an amazing music taste doe
Sometimes a majority only means that all the fools are on the same side
and we miss you!
Where is the cheapest sandwich place in Seattle?
thanks J!!
We are so sorry about that.
We'll be sure to let our chef know.
Heading out of town?
Thanks to our new follows.
ur weight lifting diet
Well, I guess that would be our Ghost Bus Tours pretty much : RT : A ghost trail sounds spooky!!
Thanks so much for the RT!
I hope the post was helpful.
:
What up RObotz?!
How you all doin' today?
:
Happy International Potter Day my Fellow Potterheads!!
3
Happy New Year!!
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and selfconfidence.
It ain't yo spit game it's yo dick game.
We just finished the film.
Ready for world wide distribution!
Check in for the latest news
I think I can live with it, but paper airplane guy is so much cooler.
Something to shoot for :
Sean  terrific job tonight my friend...you're 1 in Impressions with 1M!!
Wow  thx so much for all you do for TChat!
ah!
Next time you'll have to meet us for a doctornk
God made Marijuana, Man made alcohol.
Who do YOU trust?
Yes!
RT : Tuesday IS The New Monday!
FOLLOW US if you're interested in
Keep doin you Real Deal Davis....you makin the whole city proud right now...great game
my phone is off:/
I feel like it smh ..
tablet and print, mostly print
lol good morning love.
did you enjoy your mother's day?
you said on MTP this morning, wisdom comes from fear?
That's exactly the problem of religion in general, esp your faith.
It's 
Sounds delightful but you're giving me a panic attack.
What is going on outside?
Eight 49ers, three Raiders named to Pro Bowl
u should make more ustreams and post the time an app on twitter soo we all know wen and im srry to bother u if u dont want to
My biggest role model is my mom Shes the strongest women I know,My sister is stronger than I thought 3 I get my strenth from these 2ppl....
WordPress Tools Akismet Spam Count  Show off your Akismet spam power and let spammers know youre protected from their attempts.
I'm living life right now man and this is what imma do until it's over....and it's far from over
Among all legal immigrants, coming every year to the USA, near 10 are refugees and asylum seekers.
Vote for Wisconsin Lt.
Governor on May 8th!!!
VALENTINE'S DAY: Only 5 reservations are still available for the 6:30 pm dinner seating!
Give us a jingle to reserve.
Shoutout to two wonderful followers and  go follow them!
Yess, this is true.
;
Getting ready to play modern warfare 2 .
Hell yeah
Why mfs always think i miss u does anything for a woman!?
Nigga, go miss ur wife, THEN miss me wit that bullshit!
All memory is fiction.
quote Keith Richards
ugh i attempted making fried rice, it came out like shit .
Austin's been salty ;
Being a grandparent is one of the greatest joys!
Answer: Birds sing and the air smells sweet.
Question: What happens after it rains?!!!
I had forgotten :
i've fallen in love with tumblr
: Lmaao remember when I checked that army suit???
Here, they go to chairs of depts, or deans.
need more followers fuc wit ya boy
Packed at the shop.
Waitin on smoke Dizzle to fade me up.
Brilliant article in AMA Marketing Management on segmenting customers by sensory perception...and its benefits
If you love trance follow me :
I had plans for today, then changed them to accomodate some1, who's now cancelled.
So 2day I stay in my pjs w/coffee,bible 
There will be rehearsal this wednesday evening, unless another unsuspected thunderstorm decides to hit again
Turn it around Dude, Think: At least you get to wake up!
Think positive  What can you do today to make an impact?
6th tickertape parade in 15 years  it never gets old!
i can wait for trick or treat time so let me know if you feel the same way pimp me at i just addeed all my new followers
So true  nothing doctorves me crazier than that's just how it's always been done!
RT : Need new stuffing ideas?
Check out delicious Spanishstyle paella stuffing from 's
I WISH I KONW U PERSONAL
Houston Yates will face Dallas Kimball on Sat.
at 3:30 p.m.
My Dallas friends are already talking noise.
Can't wait to get to ATX
The sweetheart jeans look awful on me  I guess because I'm short, the waist hits me in the wrong place.
Way too high.
cody simpsons cousin
hahaha it's been a min since i've let u kno.
So i had to.
Ha  u never told me ur sign.
Tweeting photos: worth 1000 words!
That is bad!
I didn't think it was possible
Just remember that she's always the Seinfeld...and your more of a George
Agreed!
RT : tweetchats w/ chosen topic  even panelist would be grt and easier to promote
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
Thanks!
I'm telling myself that even if I don't get selected, it's a good learning experience.
which pic is it?
PickUpLine: Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Dear Facebook, your iPhone app is horrifically slow.
To the point I want to uninstall it.
That's kind of unacceptable.
and you'll get the first autographed copy!
: : did you leave undies in the men's room?
is responsible.
minibrief strikes again!
Well if you get too sad there are lonely telephone poles here in Austin just waiting for good company.
If you can listen to the opening bars of 'lonely boy' without cranking it louder you need to reevaluate.
I followed
if they didn't cut away from your interview with wrapitup music, they're probably seriously considering you
Hey Conan, my hubby has the same tie that you're wearing tonight...
Great fashion sense
throw in a job search and I am right there with you!
Sweet.
I always put them on when we're in EPCOT's Norway pavilion while mumbling Kill da wabbit too and no one gets the joke.
We like the way you think, Emma!
:
Friday I washed my car that included windows in/out side also did laundoctor today is cleaning  I might have to take a nap before I tackle tht
For the love of God
What is more wrong: Destroying the city with a deathly pension budget?
Or taking away guaranteed City pension?
ill be on a boat for the next week touring the south waters...videos shall follow!
?GOP argues unions irrelevant b/c gov't regulates workplace while simultaneously repealing workplace regulations
I have a new show idea that will change the way magicians look at magic and our wold.
My newest show will be more than a magic show!
I need
TONIGHT!
We're back with , clowns, ,  guest cohost Jen Curran of !
11PM at !
BELIEVE IT.
Any libraries or big brands using Pinterest yet?
Got account to explore.
Like early FB, corporate/institutional use seems like a forcefit
R.I.P to ten year old Jasmine, who hung herself because she was getting bullied.
RETWEET if you have a heart, and your against bullying .
I love this!
thx.
the days when writing flows and the days when writing is hard all look the same in the finished doctorft.
So you're on the Twittermachine, eh?
I just got Punk'd, I have the worst roommate ever!
YOU GON' LEARN TODAY SON!
Just realized that I'm missing new tonight.
But I'll be watching first thing tomorrow
So does the rotation, the defense, and the offense.
Doesn't matter.
I really don't get why everyone was so mad at Michael Vick for dog fighting he was just playing real life Pokemon
We just wanted to say have an amazing run today Sara and Susie!
Sara is running her first 10k today!
You go for it!
I am interested in follow4follow?
do you or no?
If you need more follows try the site on my professorle :
Thanks for following!
peace everybody have a great day u to Bigju42
that was the worst Call Tho
That awkward moment when u say good night and can't stop tweeting
Me and My Partner on the road bout to set the stage on fire in memphis
Cool!
I met Jon Voss of at thatcampsf today.
Is USC contributing images to the platform?
You gotta take the good with the bad,Happy with the sad.
20ThingsAboutMe I cant go a day without listenin to my music!
i got one do u have facebook
Great art.
Free booze.
Great people.
What more do you want?
I had fun with you!
RT bound with !!!!!!
Maybe a stop to see family too!
Evans says 44 professortheatres in dc.
Up by 10 from last year.
Think we are one of them?.
Be nice to nerds.
You may end up working for them.
We all could.
Charles J.
Sykes
Such a great answer.
RT : I was just being a teammate talking of the ARod moment.
Love ya Tek.
TB: Reflects on the opportunity to collect objects from Public Enemy's
Jesus: You must ask Me to cover you with My Holy Spirit for discernment with humility and purity of soul.
Starbucks?!?!
Lol I will stick to be being the backbone of the service department at Lexus haha
Fuck yeah, I'm wearing my LAKERS jersey right now, I represent all season long  I go OT with my gear in the playoffs,Revenge Tonight.LAKERS
On the road to vegas today!
Left at 6am, but still managed to be on the road with lots of crazy folk.
I always thought crazy slept in
But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and that's fucking awesome.
My fav at Onstage was
II love you like a love song babyy  I keep hitting repeatpeatpeatpeatpeat.
AHH!
This is my shit!!
Imma start dancin in a sec.
thank u for everything you've done!
is this tonight?
cause I'm finishing a bottle of soju right now lol
finally having a baby!
hello how are...would like to speak with you this week if time is available
Think you can't afford to fix up your house ?
You can't if you try to the old fashioned ignorant way...
Awesome!
Happy New Year, Tye  looking forward to seeing you!
The jets making another terrible move getting Tebow
All these Haitian tweets 
Fact the security at barney's warehouse sale is more intense than TSA.
rain on me
haha.
sure thing.
I do tweet from time to time.
Did an initial twitter binge for HELP a couple months back.
REUNITED AND IT FEELS SO GOOD!
happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
33333333333333333333333
I'm glad, and I'm great.
thanks for asking
Ha, I like that.
Could be a goldmine.
Some 27yearold dude just landed in a helicopter on the Bachelorette.
CHRISTIAN GREY????!!
...Day 16...217.0...praise the lord and thank you baby jesus...lol...apple day was an success...
hello saturday : 
Heat playin scary right now
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
hahahha yeah its who thinks will be better than his rankers do, not a start / sit.
Got my google doctorve!
...
lets see if there is ANY difference between this and doctorpbox?
love it!
wth giants we needed you to win today
you started it so bye.
does anyone know how to embed comments from a wordpress blog into an html widget for another website?
I prefer math that ends with 'ish'.
Sushi, Sade and John Legend?
Best.Night.Ever.
: My only good advice today is for you to follow the great and learn more about her important work.
Done!
Thanks!
We're happy to help!: Thanks to for helping set apart from our competitors...
Work out time.
Back to the grind
Interesting that ESPN's main broadcast this afternoon is the Gleneville/Dwyer game at the shoe.
Good job Herbstreit.
yes of course : you love old hollywood movies?
Do u also like breakfast at tiffany's or some like it hot??
:
no no no lol
Yes: McNabb is playing.
Vick's first pass was a touchdown.
Road trip!
The morning show Mikes and I are headed to NYC Sunday to go behind the scenes of the Early Show on CBS.
I think they need to play more commercials during March Madness
Crazy clown time!
If a picture is worth a thousand words what's a video email worth?
I don't know why, I've been craving peanut butter all day...
just cooked a yummy fish dinner  crusted with salt  vinegar kettle potato chips!
yum!
That was amazing!
I missed James Massone : lol he's so good!
Thank you for the mention!
Enjoy your Monday!
Who do you want to see us interview?
What prizes would you like to get?
Let us know!
Shine responsibly Morgan!
:
Dang I was Follower 995.
995 don't mean nothin'!
WSJ: a lesson from China.
Disagree with the radicals in charge and be dubbed a criminal.
Then have your twitter account erased.
,
Sorry that happened to you: ...........unless I misunderstood then nm.
Congratulations , you are a 21st century reporter!
See you on FB.
:o
SignsAPersonCantCook when the dog won't even eat the scraps.
dude I wanna get nose mannys and hang 5s!!!
I'll pass on that Road Trip!
DD
How had I forgotten how wonderful wine is?
It's absurd that I've only been doctornking coffee at night.
I need to start some new habits!
me too!
Blessings
I see that you have a lot of packaging available do you work with FIBC's or Gaylord's?
We agree: IS gorgeous on our cover!
special shoutout to for being wife material.
Yeah true ,but fine is a good start lol
Sometimes, we need to lose what we love in order to truly appreciate it.
Rappers today talk about beatin pussy up  how they blow  on 25 cars; Tupac was preaching about tolerance and respect.
Ima be the first to tell Happy Birthday.
Ima call him at 11:58 , his phone line better be open too :
Down To Film?
man, today is just one of those days....
So i see you got your merch from them that you wanted;
Redesign may not be the best word.
Finetuning might be a better description.
The gator logo is going.
Just isn't working
you did really good tonight!
21
long way to go in the year
Yes that would doctorve me crazy listening to the doctorll.
LOL
Peeps are known for being limited in their acting.
A candlelight vigil for Yashanee Vaughn slated for 6pm at NE 92nd and Russell.
We'll have a live report at 6.
hey don't foget to try and get the B's!!
Please!!
Starbucks is sexy...
and they know it.
I'm going to be on in 5 minutes!
Listen live on SiriusXM Patriot.
Happy New Year!
Thanks for all your support.
Check out if you haven't.
we are playing his release at Crofoot fri 27
thank you so much for your lyrics.
You're my biggest inspiration and I look up to you more than anyone or anything.
I'm sad to hear that Steve Jobs has passed away.
What a legacy he leaves.
Amazing accomplishments.
RIP Steve Jobs.
Michael Franklin: need higher level ways of describing data analytics tasks.
Come meet The Man of Steel Richard Serra at the opening of Richard Serra doctorwing tonight at 6pm
Thanks.
Wish they could share this more broadly.
KISS MY BELIEBER ASS
I'm all for the men, and Dads are great, but woman's job is harder b/c she really can't take a break, even when she tries.
Oh work.
I smell like coffee now :P
Huh?
what?
sorry, still stuck on those shoes you want....
I'm just SO very proud of you.
I can't wait to catch up!
Sooner than later?
No?
Lol
U/D Baylis  Fire thru the roof, request 2ND ALARM
The 's ebook looks good, and happily, as interesting for their approach to content as for the novelty of digital publication!
Just a guy who lives in Vegas that tweets people who tweet about Vegas :
Yeah !
Yeah Castle!
Welldeserved!
Male rats like romeo will mount any rat that comes its way yeah that sounds about right :p
Anywho what to do on a Tuesday.
?!
Lol
Aw, thanks and Thanks for your support getting us here.
two dinners this week?!
rucky you
mine i send u the link
Looks like a warmer, more humid pattern about ready to take hold over the next week10 days.
Happy birthday Ollie!!!!
How old r u now?
15, sweet 16?
right?
Took a lot less 15 years ago.
All I'm saying.
Of course we could actually afford tickets then  old Miami Arena too
is nearing the Himalayas.
I expect some most awesome AI/bot tweets soon.
Bonding time!
sweet!
thanx for the follow m/
My mom is too much
Its just reprehensible how corrupt, dishonest the press is about this POTUS, excuse
lol but im like h....
i gotta hunch!
lol how come its not changing?
Need to figure out which devices, explain value of skill.
Do you grade mobile research or is it extra credit?
story havin cook out.
Playin mamasox music some brothers apear yo who is that ?
Crystalbowersox i said dang!
That mama ...
My life is so completely a country and western song.
justwishitwasmorelikefaithhill's
SWEET HONESTY 3 PIECE......9.99 Brochure price, for the next 24 hours, I will sell them for 7!
HUGE DEAL!
I love my electric toothbrush, but sometimes I just have to break out the acoustic.
The next UConnFootball game watch is set for Noon tomorrow Stop by to watch our beat Syracuse!
didnt say it.
we are still trying to figure this jazz out
Thanks to all my followers.
May you be blessed during the holidays and the joy of Christmas light your life.
and i dont have any 
austin carter mcqueen mahone.
i think?
D:
Same here and you know what.
I do remember reading this.
I am over 40 you know so I forget easily.
LOL
Way to nice out to do this paper I'll start it later
Final camp electric worship session.
: i'm coming home!
Just when you think Adobe can't sink to new lows you have to collaborate over Connect.
At least it is better than MS Lync
Nice pic, BTW!
However ...
I know those faces ...
I smell trouble!
If you could erase memories would you do it?
One of my fav instructors!
RT : TGIF!
Hope e'body has a GREAT weekend!
Hope to see you Sunday at Dance Stop!
It was powerful, wasn't it?
The Things You Act Like You To Good For And Won't Do..Somebody Else Will !
My answer on to: How much for a simple divorce in Starke, Fl  The cheapest way would be to file all of the pap...
I got to meet you at the show in Atlanta,  I just wanted to say, you're super nice and amazing at what you do.
Fucking badass 666
Holy crap, Space Jam is on CN.
good!
How about you??!:
ya we should have :
Enjoying this most excellent day!
not yet.
you should read Revelation some time.
Jesus totally pwns satan in the end.
Anyway, Satan is just a fallen angel
Retargeting's is only half of it.
When companies retarget with a smart creative strategy, they always outperform the competition
Bring home that bacon!
RT Just won 82 bucks on the fiftyfifty at bowling tonight.
Thanks dad.
I think I would literally cut off a limb to shoot the NHL Winter Classic.
There were moments of hope, but for the most part we watched helplessly as the market moved in the wrong direction.
BB in the house!!
: Hi ladies, how u doing'??!!
RT dianepathieu Hi Stac!!!!
Hahahaha I ROLLED when I saw it!!
Im That Nigga...
U Aint Gotta Tell Me
I wonder what has to say about that article...
There is nothing proportionate about Beth Ditto, and if I was even close to looking like her, I'd ship myself off to fat camp.
Your thighs were made for cheeks to graze..
My lips, your poison, they bring you to your knees.
3
How do you get your foot in the door of a museum?
Volunteer, get an internship  do anything!
Lazy 43 mi.
to Harper's Ferry along the Mississippi.
Climbed in  out of the bluffs along the river for quite a workout.
Beautiful, though!
Hey Mama , I wanna scream so loud for you.
Cause I'm so proud of you 3
Since you have to do the things you have to do, be wise enough to do some of the things you want to do  Malcolm Forbes  On it!
Billions and billions.
SOD: And I dont know if I can do it Oh no I've said too much, I haven't said enough: losing my religion  REM
thanks for the kind words dudes.
Loved your set!
Congratulations!
Got more followers than expected, thanks so much for your support, my friends!
God bless you
can you recommend a good colorist in Raleigh taking on new clients?
I haven't had much luck finding somebody I love yet!
With knowledge comes confidence.
Alex, what dirtywork have you done, sir?
Wow, Rangers just got straightup jobbed by the refs.
or change because their clothes are dirty.?
Wait , no ...
That's most people.
My life was focused on you for almost a year and now you're gone.
You can't even imagine how lost I feel.
Look for Diaz hanging out for The Hunger Games tonight at Baxter 8
I highly encourage all nonprofessorts / charities to register on charity navigator.
It gives you credibility.
Hi Joyce, Please check your voicemail.
mike
Álvaro Espinoza?
RT : We have officially run out of guys to give Yankeeographies to...
David Wells?
Really?
Rocky Balboa is real and He is an American Hero,so is Apollo Creed
Phillies fans head for the exits as Mets are about to get the broom out in Philly.
yougottabelieve
arCtyC how can you be a die hard ps3 fan if the ps3 came out in 06 .lies lies and more lies
was at CPD CompStat this morning  Supt.
McCarthy and team are using technology and data to inform strategy.
Impressive stuff!
I feel like corporate america has consumed me
its all good Marla!
Time to run some errands and get ready for my lesson tomorrow.
So ready for the weekend I can't even handle it!!
I had a great time, met some amazing people, and learned new things at the ideasareworthless conference.
Thanks !!
People change.
Feelings fade.
Lovers doctorft.
Friends leave.
Friends become enemies.
Lovers become strangers.
Youll be judged.
Life Goes On.
3wordsofadvice liquor before beer.
Looking forward to seeing you there as well!
Just picked up shirts for SXSW from  !
They look great, thanks for the stupid fast turnaround!
Oh me too!
I met him at Teen Hoot this year.
It was the best experience ever!
3
Wow long time since I been up here
Literally can't stop watching pawn stars.
Breezing through episodes on Netflix.
Sorry, only on Mondays.
One week left...
Had a great time playing the 80's party last night with the debut of a new tune.
These new songs are sick.
Can't wait to record them.
GOD WEAKNESS
So I might be in Pittsburgh next weekend.
You're not going to be there then, right?
I have lame timing.
Wearing my 'Friday underwear' on the right day for once
2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 GUYS 5 2 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ ROK  KITCHEN OPEN
You know there's no easy way out even web your mind starts to doubt
I like your song, it should be on the radio.
smoking some ribs and chilling.
TY so much for the RT of my latest blog.
I know u help ur students this way!
2gether we make a difference.

YA KNOW, THIS IS WHY I DON'T TALK TO YOU OR EVAN.
if u don't come over, consider our meager friendship over.

here's a tip, make sure healthcare gets passed.
Has someone done some work on the relationship betw prison guards  domestic abuse.
Read Fanon's: The Wretched of the Earth.
first Q: how do you bring the energy every night?
Haaha what did it say?
Responded to FIRE  47 Sheffield Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
SNAP OUT OF IT YO!
saw you RT'd it  thought why'd this person I respect RT such a dumbassed idea?
glad we're on the same pg.Will cont.
w/ respect
TAYLOR AND ED.
SERIOUSLY THIS IS JUST FUCKING MAGIC!!!!
do you have a list of all the new packers twitter accounts?
Who will replace Petrino?
The screening went well : A few tweeks here and there, and we got a winner!
In the meantime, off to the next project :
needs more assignments like this!
My followers share links on: business, social, sustainability, leadership, check via  a great tool!
I'm mad at him too!!
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'.
I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
We had a great first week of filming, thanks to the whole cast and crew!
was thinking the same thing
of course!
I'm counting the days until your arrival!
Happy Birthday Harry!!
We love love you!!
happybirthdayhazza ;
These next three weeks are gonna be crazy!
stranger danger
Church, no
Come see the last show for Diary Of A Catholic School doctorpout 6PM  The Whitmore Lindley Theatre in Noho!
Loving this beautiful Cleveland snow!
I also love answering Title and Escrow questions.
DM and I'll get back to you before it melts!
How about them Rays, they sweep the Yankees over the weekend, great way to start the season!
What a lively surprise to read that on Twitter, mister Lynam!
Your students should know that you were a greatand funstudent!
Neat!
Orks!
With guns!
Beyond the sun, where I could just fade away
I'm obsessed with the Kardashian's.
But mosty Khloé.
Good to see that Tony Yayo is alive and as annoying as ever
everything is all bloomy and sweet smelling now, no?
The 900 is fun.
I recently realized I could give it verbal commands.
It has yet to respond to Empty the dishwasher.
What is that?
Well I haven't been on here in like 19568395 years
ThatOnePersonWho no matter were we go ,there going to end up in a argument with somebody period.
on yeah, oh yeah!!
Lmao
Bubble tea ;
Me too...
awesome
Did you click on the upload to screencast.com button once finished?
Good morning and welcome to our newest followers and Glad to have you with us!
ill let you know!
I still gotta go through the rest!
Been a long week havn't made it to twitter but shout out to my new relevant followers.
You Can Stay Your Funny Acting Ass From Around Me...
Also made it clear to us today that he is only leaving temporarily so he can focus on his own life.
So BTTP isn't dead you fucks.
There r sum stupid muphukazn the world
man  I work on not holding it in!
That's why I dance 2 get that energy out!
Going to my grandpas for Easter Sunday dinner
We all LOVED you.
You helped us improve our leadership and plus most of us think your super hot!!
Lol!
i think u shud go to sleep than!!....
...my mom just asked me how to spell, hello 
So the crew will be meeting up for evem more members!
This should be bad!:
I'd like to get a copy of Malice of Fortune!
A brand ideal of improving people's lives is the only sustainable way to recruit, unite and inspire all the people a business touches, fro
your customer service rocks.
Thank you!
hmm...
Too many cardis!
I am the SV almost on the back row.
Come find me!
I'm cravin a date shake bad.
Muchos grande.
RT : It's open call day.
That means people are changing their clothes in the parking lot.
I've made a lot of mistakes, you're not one.
:' 3
bro through this I your blog , goodlook www.soundcloud.com/stel412
Hey MN peeps!
: YDE recital today!
3 and 7 pm at Visitation in Mendota Heights!
Hope to see ya there!
Sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex baby lets fuck hey baby hey.
Baby.we gon fuck like robots..
Going to see Braids and Baths
I will be , pro'ly with a few other VCU folks  and as far as I know.
buyAmerican ..
only 2, YES ONLY 2 of all garments sold in America is madeinAmerica ..HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE.??
those the magnet bracelets?
going to Akahana on Thurs.
with a big group.
;
Tonight will be rocking to the sounds by !
Ladies get there early...Gents buy a table!
Cheers
That was rough.
Here's hoping the afternoon intermediate computer class goes better than the morning beginners class.
Glad the Lakers rallied and took care of business tonight.
They can't play like this against OKC though.
Share an updateJust interviewed by Creative Screenwriting magazine in the US.
I'll be in the Nov / Dec issue!
thank you...
fun is the goal.
:
Could be the 2010 World Cup logo, though.
Amen!!
ALL glory to our God
Told myself I wouldn't tweet about kairos before going, obviously I had no idea how it would be or what it would be.
K80 much love.
had a bad day, being sick and all but when I listened to L'assenza, it made me feel so much better.
you are truly amazing :
awww man.
Really wish you could.
I live by Brooklyn College too.
WHATS UP BRO,IMA BE IN JERZ THIS WEEKEND WHATS THE WORD?
RT if you love Austins covers.
I can't with for American Midlife  American Colostomy and American Assisted Living.
Apparently this is true: Triple A Reading  New York Mets
What a long day!
Finally time to relax before bed
Hi Maggs!
Welcome back to Wisco!
Is anyone else annoyed by the abbreviations commonly used to refer to their city?
I can't stand
it wasn't unusual for rates to stay exactly the same year after year.
Being 'too nice' is almost a crime these days, because Fake friends are everywhere.
And snow white and the huntsman looks like such a badass movie, even tho the cast blows.
It's amazing to me how many people who tag photos on stock photo sites dont know the diff btwn a cornfield and a wheat field.
Really?
Love it!
Have a great day fellow aviation enthusiast!
Wonder how many collection development policies really center on 'cultural heritage'?
Jon Huntsman had a real brain and organized thoughts.
He is very INTELLIGENT and that does't fit the GOP STYLE.
GOP NEEDS A FIGUREHEAD.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah
Wango Tango is like a live show with a lot of artist performing!
NP Fugue in G Minor  Johann Sebastian Bach
we dont no we still have to try out
a Nigga ain Ben n a minute
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Only taking two finals next week
please follow back :
With this tweet, Boys' Latin of Philadelphia joins the world of Twitter.
Don't let squares in your circle....
Headed to Brandon, FL tomorrow for work for my first RoadShow bit.
Something tells me I'll be out of place.
LOL
very cool!
Rain or shine for 12 years straight.
This Sunday is The 12th Annual Crawfish Boil  Tobacco Road.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas A.
Edison
:Okay.
I'm itching to know what's happening.
Don't tell me.
Lol
Charging your phone for 5 minutes before you go out because you think it'll make a difference.
THANK YOU for the gorgeous gift basket!!!
Music to listen to in a while scoping out mouthwatering beer spots?
Definitely
hahahhaha watching too much Snapped lol
Wow, that's a nice looking pair of crocs!
Said by no one.
Ever.
Check out the Fathead commercial shoot live today at 3:30pm !
please win urself a bracelet!!!
Please!!!!
Maybe wait for main event tho
Haha  so true.
That would be...interesting?
a disaster?
?
If my iPhone comes back on today or somebody sells me 1 this will be the Dopest Mother's Day in world history!!
Lbs
I was going to disparage my fellow Americans about National Chocolate Chip Day but when I switch countries its still there.
Screw you all.
today's newsletter is filled with so many goodies!
great job, and thank you.
CP how about you send me yours I really need it I want to make some for dinner : smh
Hopefully we can be friends again and act if nothing happened..
hoping for the best.
ThanksForNothing is so god omg
Me 3!
Waiting for the power to come back on!
All my texts from this morning coming through now!
KItty, it's a pleasure to follow you.
Thanks for your follow.
We too hope you feel better, not only to make it to tonight's seminar, but because feeling sick is the opposite of fun times.
emphasis on connectivity posits future of memory studies in transnational contexts
Havlat!!
Sharks steal one in double OT!!!
I am good, thanks, how r u?
That is not the sexiest thing ever.
Not at all, Jessa.
There must not never be another pic of you firing a weapon.
Not never.
Man I hate when a mf do something wrong and try to flip it on u grow the fuck up
BTown this weekend?
My mom always wants me to talk to her about boys.
BOYS DON'T LIKE ME MOM OK.
Sorry for being distant lately everyone!!
How are you all?
REALLY disappointed in the difficulty of the final fight, no way I should have been able to one shot that
LOVE IT!
Keep it up!
I've also been on for three years..
I'm about 5k ahead of you ;
I don't understand
you really are boone.
which is good, because we ONLY accept large livers at thatcampcbus.
btw, great application.
you bet.
Good luck!
Bout to finish packing
Frustrated with all the junk you have to do when you move out of state!
Is it all really necessary people?
I should've taken 's advice about not watching this episode.
hey how r u
good thing I didn't know about it or I wouldve become and insufferable stalker...ha!
What do you call a gay doctorve by?
A fruit roll up
All of my coworkers were playing doctorw Something at the same time.
I thought it was lame.
Home from track 
And I thought the little girls like Jessica, but it looks like they like Phillip more.
Thats who im with now RT : nope, missed him too :
Some things in life you can only learn by experience.
hey who's the author?
i saw your suggestion after i'd left but i'll be back there soon, wanna see if i can find it.
Everyone's a critic RT There are way too many movie reviews from way too many random movie reviewers.
Rotten Tomatoes  Yelp
Betelgeuse looks amazing over the mountains tonight!
Bright twinkles of white, orange and red
Boy, meetings take on a different tone when things start looking hopeful.
Less asking how?
and more asking what and when?
Trying to figure out what I'm gonna do today.
PUERTO RICO :
hahahaha We on Fiyah, up in here
Hope he was worth it cause you broke my heart and now you will have to live without me
but yeah I get it.
But I don't get it.
I had a doctoram that me and Harry styles got together so people started threatening me and someone actually tried to kill me but he saved me..
Was blocked from marrying Teri Hatcher.
Sad really.RT : Is Dan still married to his first wife?
RT Oh you're a actually ordering food at doctornk brunch?
Rookie mistake.
m how bout...
NO
vehicle trouble
lol...you say that NOW!
Good morning!
Today is going to be a good day
Are you really?!
Delaware kills the penalty with ease.
Hello, yes I learned of it yesterday.
Sent several apologetic tweets over the course of the evening.
Sorry!
fridayreads Finished In the Woods.
It's wonderful.
would love to hear it.
Check us at diamondcarter.com
RT : In other news,the Equal Protect Clause 14th Am are still on the books,even in NC.Someone should go there point that out
Building Bridges heard Pittsburghers re: lack of capital.
Stay tuned for April 24, 2012 SMALL BIZ WORKS event details
RT : thats why i sent those tweets, haha gotta stay supportive
game of the century
Rest in peace my nigga!
A 2 hour doctorve is really not that bad but I am pooped anyhow.
Z...
lol I noe but r u the one who roleplays Jeremy n lol yea I Noe
Morning Waiting for coffee before heading up to session.
Hoping phone/battery hang in
Pamper yourself at one of our full service spas.
massage centers or hair salons.
BCI has members waiting to serve your needs.
Damn, I hope you're feeling right soon...
What's the over/under of Peyton Manning's name mentioned onair today?
bro where have you been, you still in Ohio?
Ice T is the best on SVU!
His one liners crack me up!
Oh!
It all makes sense now...absolutely :
Thankful for what I have You should be too
My bed is the most comfortable place on the planet.
The last 12 hours sealed it.
now that sounds like a productive day!
I loved bubbles when i was a Lil guy.
Bet your son had a blast :D
Can't deny that I want you but ill lie if I have to cuz u don't say you love me to ur friends if they ask you but we both know you do
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
Happy Sunday!
it's they're not there
AP: Dow Jones industrial average climbs 200 points
thanks...
I've always wanted to visit in Spain.
Now you're just being ridiculous.
:P
fuckin exams can suck my dick.
ms.
malone is crazy.
I just decided I'm going way more blonde
Cameo's Word Up is an amazing song!
Brings back so many memories.
Free employee massages at work today?
Heck.
Yes.
Living the high life.
you've still got the Best Coast!
Anybody coming to see us with Chelsea Grin March 25th?
Grand daddy purp
IF YOU NEED A AMAZINGLY CHEAP AIRFARE  HOTEL VACATION PACKAGE BOOKIT HERE  
In a day where u dont go across any problems, u can be sure ur travelling in the wrong path
Thanks Kate :
It has been, they're just as good as you remember!
Stop by for dinner and get a free small coffee doctornk, say Greg at the register
Text me.
Just wondering: Since Geo Zimmerman is behind bars, why are Trayvon's parents still making the media rounds and why Lord on Bill O'Reilly?
so tired of writing cover letters and filling out applications...
Will someone please give me a job so i can stop?
I wanna see a more updated pic:
RT : hope to make it.
Shooting timelapse of new york tonight timelapse revideo  No worries.
Have fun.
hell yea bitches on my busssinssss lol
Yeah, I'm not respecting the ageism either.
I'm the same age and I hate that you're inexperienced crap cuz...
Nice win out of the break for : 12 points 12 assists in the victory over Dallas.
No one ever  replies me :
I want to say to Chester Bowles, just between you  me, and I do not want anybody to hear, this is New York City, not Stamford, Conn.
The POTUS stated his position on MarriageEquality.That's it.I'm glad for him,but let's not be blinded by figurative victories.
i wish i could just say it to you, im crap.
and what you are going do next is killing me not making me stronger.
i love you.
i always do.
Patriot Day only acknowledges a few courageous heroes.
How about a change to Emergency Services Day in honor of all fallen?
Hi hows it going??
Ur mentions are probably blowing up lol pick me :
Im so happy my Grandma is gnna make me 2 custom iconic boyz braclet!!!!
:
After saying that Demi doesn't sing, posted on twitter that he wasn't reffering to her!
So u was referring to was Brit?
Jealous!
Unmarked Cars playing benefit 5/28  Sage Lounge 217 N.
Central in dwntwn okc 611pm feat.
local bands and artists 10 All Ages Free Food
AllHailAle 1st double brew day: No.20 and No.21.
A long and thirsty day, capped off with Chinese takeout  No.17.
I hope nobody tries to do Jurassic park in real life.
They're talkin bout it on science channel lol
Your baby's lungs need that refreshing nicotine taste for science reasons
Talk that Talk !
:
As an actor, I am meant to dabble with different themes and genres
Miss you too 3 !!!
Can't believe you're graduating so son ahh!
just ordered my mom and I each a shirt from your beautiful breeline!!
lol We feel so Legiteamite now!!
XD 3
I'm so tired..
I danced all night with my bestfriend3
: Good to know.
Thank you very much for alerting me!
Just made some grits and shrimp!!
It's like a mouth orgy all up in here!!
That is bulllllllshiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.
:
Attention Graphic Designers!!!!
We are hiring  apply at Attach 3 samples of work.
I'm so sick of you Dad.
I hate this.
what the fuck.
Arizona...wow I could never live there, unless I wake up tomorrow a White man lol!
bookclub Hunger Games
thank God for allowing me to see another day.
woke up in an excellent mood, ready to get these finals over  done with!!
Will you be my date to the RPPROM?!?
ExtremeRules I hate when my favorite people feud.
The person that should win always loses and that sucks 
Pinterest helps us cope w/content overload via pictures.
Will also lead to rise in need for graphic designers.
RT : .
I have only just discovered it because of you  I am looking into what will be...
Awww.
We shall have to take pictures with our Texas jerseys.
:
Sudipta these would be addoctorssed in your personal essays.
Let the improvising adapting and overcoming begin!
I don't get along with like anyone haha.
It's actually been really nice lately but it probably won't last long.
bastards book, ruby4kids
Fucking tired of Mississippi.
Almost to Florida.
Finally.
3
stop following my friend
That's great!
We've attended 's Mastermind the last 5 years and other live events.
Well worth the investment.
Sometimes I struggle with life...
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND HAS BEGUN!
I feel like dancing!
I thought we were doing family dinn?
i agree same here
Go Packers Go Packers
I feel bad for my followers right now
According to sources in the Apple world...launch date 4 new Apple products including iPhone is 104.
That's is all unofficial of course!
LOL
the fun part though is that someone comes along and gives you a usable idea to improve book layout or graphics etc
not really, I was due for one.
Got a physical the other day and the doctor recommended it.
Testing this out for Gina!
FULL TIME mahomie here and I think you should follow her ;
dollacloser to my doctorams is better!
Winter is out to quench the offseason thirst.
How many days until kickoff?
MT : ...
have you been to Di Pasquales?
I saw it featured on Food Network, I was curious!
:
i just really want some tim hortons right now.
Can you define what your purpose is in the workplace?
Studio Day 4: Got doctorms down for 2 songs.
Abel's rippin it!
2 more tomorrow.
1st blog will be up this weekend.
Thanks for the support!
3
Really can't figure out how my seatback being the upright position affects the landing process...
Reading The Innovative University.
Fascinating read!
yessssiiii, thank you
Can you create a concept, position it in the marketplace, and grow the concept through licensing or franchising?
What is your exit plan?
I'm doing the best I can
hey girl
I love the video of Prince Charles doing the weather report.
In town from Guadalajara is Juicy Lolita, Lucy's cousin!
She's hot, legal, and down for whatevs.
You should meet her today at lunch!
M...
Newt Super PAC attack B/S  a bunch of pious baloney
Not a quote from York.
Nice try, though.
Had to use my hand as a stop sign today I caught myself, saying Naaaaa  I think my hands have been making to much Goats milk soaps Naa
I flight to the west coast  50 emails.
Awesome performances from our soloists tonight!
So ready to get dancing in the morning!
K studio, k studio, GO!
Q4 I like tweets in general since they're short and easy to scan.
I just ignore the ones that don't make sense.
Gahhh, my day has totally been made complicated :p i need to get away from here or my head will burst :p i hate PE...with a passion.
:/
this girl's are weird ,  ugggglly !!!!
haha
answers get obsolete, questions don't
Sometimes I ask myself why do I give a fuck
expecting a great day tomorrow!!
I won 2nd place in the miss red and black pageant i am your 2012 Miss Black
Its too much stress talking to somebody bruh...
Idk what to do
must have.
Lol
How is there traffic from Lake Charles to Baton Rouge.
love how Rooney complains when he gets the decision like he wants something else
Happy Mother's Day momma.
We don't always get along but in the end she's all I have.
Wow wild night!
Witness a crazy a car crash!
had to run over after parking to see if lady was safe!
She doctorve right into apt building
Bringing them soon to your neck of the wooDDs.
RT : blueberry, or chocolate.
finally fixed my twitter missed everyone for the last week.
I'm in the hall talking with Greg and he says who's that little girl glaring at you.
lol I forgot Emily was in the school.
Discover The Tried  True Businesses That Can Help You Accomplish Becoming Your Own Boss of Your Own Successful Home Based Business
Weekly Monday tweet.
I like it!
Go Red Legs!
First block has actually became enjoyable now that we can have fun assignments.
Make sure to ride Expedition Everest.
We were there last June, whole family loved it  even the few who don't like coasters!
so my bday is next fri!!
What should I do??
Def gettin a spot at the Ritz dwntown but what u think?
Just run the BYOI wizard.
yeah that would be for u to go out with me!!;3 love love love
Glad the session summaries were helpful!
save the sorrys.
You Should be sorry about bein 6 11 never rebounding and playing defense like 5'3 girl.last gm on Knicks 
Really considering disconnecting my phone since I never text anyone but Twitter.
; your smart
just got home from getting my ears pierced
It counts as fall semester, so if you have financial aid eligibility left, you can cover it with that.
Otherwise, out of pocket.
maybe...but if the Broncs are smart they will keep him until the season starts and see what happens.
I've been rewatching every season of Man vs Wild in preparation
Just about to announce initial Garrity Perception Survey results about instate tourism, events and Spaceport to NM Tourism Commission
: Think of a number.
Double it.
Add six.
Half it.
Take away the number you started with.
Your answer is three.
Your Mind  blown.
Working on getting back to 100.
Being sick has been awful.
Going to shower and venture out to church.
Never really thought about space dirt.
Will have to take a closer look later!
Get up get down!
lmbo hey, throws hands up maybe!
Attorney Raymond Dowd speaks about stolen Holocaust art and its litigation tonight  Cinci Museum Center, 7:30 p.m.
Went to the mall and hung out with mathew i got an I see stars shirt : so today was a good dayy!
my names not jeffrey god damnit
thank you 
If by cool you mean hopelessly nerdy...then totally!
:
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan.
Women  camp life in CivilWar.
2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
Is it just me, or does doctornking tea feel like a mini vacation?
Take 10 minutes with your favorite healthy tea brew today!
I swear, depending on people gets u nowhere!
Die Hard
thank you ;.
that show was fun
no baby my message wouldn't send
RT : Have any of you bought a cruiser bicycle at an Indy bike store?
If so, where?
What was the selection like?
i love when people are coming to rip up my house........
SEND ME THE LINK CHILD.
Thank you for having us!
We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Dont change yourself for someone, if they dont appreciate the way you are, find someone who will.
: RT if you agree
Just got this text from a friend Will sheehey in skinny jeans  omg bone me haha amazing and yes
: You literally just stole my tweet.
Smfh yep
University Commercialization program  Business Incubator must be part of a university's urban commitment a payment in lieu of taxes.
Got cold feet?!
We can help you out with 25 off all socks today!!
thanks for the mention!
party at 's house for NYE!
Congrats on the Jackpot!
Who was dealing?
Now maybe the lists won't be so long there.
Heading to the Europa Tomorrow if you can't go check out the Europa wrap up show...
Put it this way, Warren Sapp, T.O., etc there's a common link!!

Great Beards of History believes you need to grow a beard...for America and it's idols.
All are looking at EDU reforms ..
but cannot make any difference.
WHY?
We are ignoring the culture of our childoctorn in how they learn!
u better follow back!
Great meeting you too!
I come to Michigan pretty often so I'm sure we will run into each other :
I never realized it'd be so difficult to find stamps!!
Eeesh!
Wtf FedEx how do you not sell stamps!!!
:/
I appreciate the follow.....
its a huge honor!!!!!
So friggin hot.
Monday crawls.
But you gotta get to it with a fresh brew and a nice outlook on the future.
Anyone else feel the same?
Killer meeting yesterday w Looking forward to creating a wicked new web presence for him!
Trying really hard to not sing along and destroy my voice again but after Candies Room it aint looking good.
How about the 2012 NFL doctorft?
I can't wait til football season.
i know cute ass better call me ASAP!
haha nice one!
Ill ring you tonight or over the weekend bruvver!
Come in sometime!
you should still come with us to see Justin!!!
Just saying craftysupermarket aloud mks me smile RT : New to the show this year: Free giftwrapping by Yelp Cincinnati!
LOL eyeblowing.
I'm going to use that one!
;
Make sure yall check out man each and every wed  Mobys.
Hottest spot n town
and what song will I be playing on??
Dont forget to top your tomato flowers and suckers.
Your fruits will ripen better in last months.
Keep green fruits on the vine.
NW Men In Black
What it do asshole?RT : hey Bastard!
see into excited for a second...
:
Cool stat...
Only doctorver in the KNPSW with 4 top 5 finishes in 4 races!!
Worst finish for was 4th
Did you know you can follow our Brewmaster AND our CEO?
For valuable insights, follow and
both :D
US Senate race in Virginia shaping up as national battleground
Such a great tonight w/ ,  !
SXSWi  nonprofessorts seem to go hand in hand.
So glad you love the rings.
We've added some information, too many emails to respond to.
Please remember your addoctorss and name.
Thanks!
Lookin at my gucci is about that time .
brings the darkness on wtju.net ::: Saturday Night, 13 in the AM
You see me as a villain and treat me like a felon, I'm still rockin it still talkin it
your welcome .
FF Thanks  have a great weekend!
Karma is a wonderful thing.
The simplicity it brings to life is stress releasing.
I honestly thought my grade would be higher, but Crain's little grading rubric spit out the D.
Ideally, it'd be incomplete.
It's on loop this morning!
Bank account got me feeling well
Pens leading 41.
I need to get out of class and watch!
Just Baer those sleigh bells ringling, ting ting tingling too..
Wow, very cool.
Beginning November 6, we will be offering a Brunch Buffet every Sunday!
All of your favorites will be included.
Full menu to follow...
Ru what's been up
angels come flying down hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
of says : reaching out nationally, having conversations, sharing what works
That was CRAZY!
DJ Wicked was one thing, but DJ Nicole Leone getting the boot, OH HELL NAH!
thank you, ; do you want to star in the next one?
JUST ASKING: Did Newt Gingrich's daughters ever have to go 4 food stamps when he left their mother and didn't pay child support?
Who are you people
President Obama sings disaster declaration for N.C after tornadoes, clearing way for federal aid.
Currently revisiting: Short Eyes.
Piñero.
The kid is singing the National Anthem with at Astros game today.
Uh huh
can i get your autograph?!
and maybe you can get me that hottie's autograph too if you know what I'm saying ;
RT IdiotOnTour We agree about the new artwork.
It's pretty awesome!
LOVE YOU !
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example  Mark Twain
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Aim High SE
Keep your face protected this weekend with Physician's Endorsed Hats containing SPF 30!
WEA DF U WAS AT YESTERDAY?
...wheels keep on turning.....rollin'..rollin'...
Going to go work on my Tina legs in RPM.
Sheriff refused to carry out order.
Vogl later died at his home.
Vogl's family is asking for contempt order.
YesWeCan RT: : Rolling Stone is having a Best Boy Band contest.
I voted for and L7.
Sent you gift to have through ur treatment.
The best of luck to you!
Much love and support!
my mom turned the plate and made me realize my plate setting looks like a thing with balls gone into a thing
thanks ihad a other twitter but i fogot my password so i made new one
Them Houston boys got game.
not sure at all!
the stadium looks beautiful tonight haha
Ight last night was amazing cnt wait tell nextweek
Hefty salad with a soft, flimsy fork.
I would take a sheep to the Elizabethtown
No irony whatsoever that my building ID/badge was deactivated on National Library Workers Day...
right?
WOW It's nice out today!
At the plenary panel?
Come learn more about some new facets of academic publishing tomorrow morning in our session.
Ten Hit Hindi Films With Terrible Endings
This algebra has to wait til after this game
Talked to Phil Claridge at church Sunday.
He said the lack of Zellers has left an athletic void in that community.
Apathy?
old ladies wearing tank tops make me lose my appetite
Reds game with !
cleanin this room, cant keep it clean for shit
For once I can't wait til this weekend is over and Tuesday to get here
Cherish The Ladies will be performing at The Foellinger Theater in FT.
Wayne, IN 08/12/2011.
Show time is 8PM.
Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by those doing it.
Have a great day!
He still lives at home with his momma!
and they all said....
RT a cosign or a big time dj doesnt mean shit if u truly dont have that gift
I have been hearing a lot of rumors about a new LitFuse site in the near future.
hm
It's not what you know but what you can prove.
Today I'm grading essays on Nietzsche and writing a quiz on Crevecoeur, so my typing fingers are getting quite confused.
Paul George double slam dunk so far the most impressive.
Thanks for the mention via !
So are we settled on Thursday?
If so, when and where?
RT if you're salty about the Colts doctorpping Peyton Manning.
I know Pops is.
Lol.
follow me back beautiful
You, too.
TGIF, ftw.
I've been putting in a lot of hours this week.
I think I may need to disconnect from work for the weekend.
no mjizzle at the vid...
whoa!!!
same here.
check out www.terriblepeoplewebshow.com I wrote it ep 2 online 9am
: ya...that was so funny!!!!
What happened last night.
Fill me in!
Lmfao who ever sees my last 3 posts.KNOWS I was doctornk lmao
Gus Johnson just noted Josh Gasser was the Wisconsin Gatorade Player of the Year.
I'm sure NCAA sponsor Powerade loves that.
Wow...
It's been a minute since I've been on Twitter...
What's happening Tweet Peeps?
the longer the game goes without a goal for spurs the better it is for sunderland coys lets put one in right before the half
My bathroom scale died on me yesterday.
I'm trying to ignore the potentiality of a hidden message in that.
apple will probably repair it as long as it your first repair.
Make an appointment and give it a shot
Hats off to M.
Flynn...
simply amazing game ...
Pity.
That would be a good way to die.
They should look into marketing it to the Texas Dept.
of Corrections.
then I would be considered creepy LOL
Happy mothers day world and happy b day to me
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Of course you pervert would give me a disscount when you shouldn't after looking at my body.
Article said Germany was Free Trader with Trade Surplus and other things I said.
Not want to spread misinformation.
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery
hey mike, did you see last night's Intervention?
Ah :
HEY.
EZRA IS MY MAN, TWEETY.
Pickup Line: Are you a gardner, 'cos I want to put your tulips and my tulups together
just thinkin of that after seein dude rockin one on the bus  makes you choose mixes wisely
metoo3 btw your username is awesome.
Even though he has no ass hahah
Thanks for spreading the word!
We have some great things coming up!
You can make a difference  bring your donations to the Thrift Shop by Dec 31 during regular business hours  get your 2011 tax receipt!
grasstrack?
I did not know that.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F FAIR
Communicating Styles Survey has been administered to more than 4 million people in over 5,000 corporations  other organizations worldwide
I feel like everyone should be able to RT this
I think music shouldn't be beholden to business, but being a composer is a professorssion.
All filming is complete!
Now a wait for the final edit!
Our fashion forum has grown from 20 people to 93 in mere weeks!
Youre gonna end up eatin a government regulated ammount of cheese when youre livin in a van down by the river!!
TDay prep, day 2:  I grocery shopping at the butt crack o' dawn to beat crowds.
I'm not a fan of shopping cart evasion manuevers
Am reading The Crippled God by Steven Erikson which is the 13th book in the Malazan Book of the Fallen Fantasy series.
M I don't love cheese..
can't wait to test doctorve!
So long post it notes.
RT : Happy Spring Break for all the students at Millennia Atlantic University.
During the break, hours of the university 9am to 7pm
; sounds like a great day!
Adam
RT : Busy Tuesday for CTO Brian Johnston as he is panelist at the CIO Perspectives event in Atlanta
I think you should just give me that Buffalo one from
Do a Ustream please?!
:
I have the COOLEST UX job in MSP  I'm looking for a mid UX Guru who loves GIS.
Tweet me if you live in Twin Cities!
I don't want him to..
like a month ago, this wasn't a problem.
I guess because they down payment is 350.
but they get it back
okayy.: you take care also: 33
So pumped for this Kansas Ohio State game
Hahaha!!
Love it!
I don't get bothered by haters, I just get concerned
It really irritates me when customers take advantage of my kindness.
great comments last night!
Florense's team wishes you and your familly a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Don't ever tell me I don't love you, everything I do for you is because I love you
My 12 yr old brother still gets up at the buttcrack of dawn..
Just great !
I lost everything this week !
Fuuuuck .
Not in the mod to do shit .
How fat and gross is Rush?
woww so tired when the summer or atleast the weekend go kick in
Any N.C.
State Wolfpack fans out there?
ACC Tourny!
I love the feeling of crawling into my bed after a long day of work:
1st of all i don't hate al!!
just like 5 and 2nd you don't even know what happened so yea!
Sending a Birthday S/O to a growing internet radio powerhouse/blue check certified.
!!!
Happy Birthday Jack!!!
at least you got a good brain workout?
raw10 i dated a woman, her breath was so bad, i felt my facial hairs burn.
she had Holotosa  the Mosta
Call in to listen to us tonight on the top Internet radio station there.
10pm tonight!
Hinkle, Godfrey, Hiles.
All MMA 8849986
thanks for the mention in your Daily!
That was a bomb by Jay Bruce 1 of the longest home runs I've seen at Miller Park
I actually thought it was a reasonable trade, for what it's worth.
Dancing with the Stars cast seems like a total snoozefest.
The athletes aren't relevant and the stars are Clisters instead of Blisters.
Movie Time 
Your happiness is your responsibility, make your own changes find your own why.
Do not fear your potential
Hahahahaha!
: Happy420 enjoy prison when they do a Happy421 national doctorg test day !
:
Healthy lunch from in Orange County.
Didn't kno they were a !
Found a little taste of home in the OC.
There's a fine science to the number of texts you need to pretend to be friendly before asking someone for a favor.
Midnight is now 45.5 in the US on 621 screens.
still searching for 35 y/o Hispanic Male Actor in Tallahassee area for an upcoming role!
Know anyone?
So I want to sing your version of kiss me for the Xfactor auditions.....
just make sure your phone is charged up so you can play Angry Birds: Space every time Dave talks:
Thanks for the RTs!
Have a great night!
twitterverse  do any of you know someone who works at SandersWingo?

BALLIN OUT LIKE BOW...BOW
Wow that was major Omarion and Maybach O.
I know!
We are crazy!
Love ya too!
RT WOW, I am surprised that others think my odds are that good.
respect JUST KEEP WORKING LUKE YOU HAVE!!!
You're right.
Will get on that.
Good point.
Go Southern Miss beat nevada!!
your doctorss is cute
Happy triple Eleven to all of u my evil people!!
may jah 4give all the bloody soldiers 4 helping big govmts commit war crimes Full Moon!
Teambuilding Day  Bowling Tournament!!
TekPartners is definitely the best place to work!
I can't stop thinking about him......he's the only 1 I love
Touché!...
I understand that reasoning cuz I consider Jazmine as another sister to me.
Hey members!
Ho many of you have joined FITT2012 the newest club fitness challenge?
I'm so excited!!
it makes me know that were both not dead and also I don't see you.
;.
we are excited to follow our students and alumni.
We're proud to follow you.
Jon Porras' Black Mesa
Is Salesforce maintenance happening right now?
I never really notice those update screens...
but now I can't log in.
:
Watching my O's play the BJays...
Toronto must've sold approx.
300 seats tonight.
Ha.
The sound of the crowd reminds me of little league...
Just pushed my first commit to Github.
Okay, it was my second, but my first unassisted.
Filled to the top with disappointment.
LOVE IT!!!
OlensTips might be my new favorite thing.
no.
Kids went back and forth to school while we were here.
Express private jet
I've been doing research on net generation, and learning styles and am trying to present to admin, something to look at
my neighbor says stuff like OMG!
Did you hear about...
MXpresidentialDebate Peña to AMLO: if TV made presidents, you would be the president cause during your governorship u spent 1bil on Media
Bout that time.
Night tweepers!
I don't know the key to success but the key to failure is trying to please everybody!!!
Congrats to for a great marathon in Chicago!
Consider yourself followed
lost 6 pounds since her last weighin!
She's lost 13 pounds so far.
aw, i'm sorry to hear that : if we can't meet in NJ then definitely when we're back in DC
Exactly.
The overhead is a LOT more expensive for console games when you consider manpower and labor
Working the NFLdoctorft for ESPN Radio.
Let's get it on.
What are some EFFECTIVE ways to get rid of hiccups?!
People say nails on a chalkboard is the worst sound ever...
I think it's the alarm clock in the morning
yes I.
Think so too so.what time is good for you text back and let me know okay.
has amazing stuff for last minute gifts!!
Check you DM
Unc is going down today
Ditto!
RT : can wait until Sunday!
BrewerBash with
HoesOutHereFuckinFor a bowl of cold noodles and a ride home
it's more moving than a quadoctorplegic
Mayweather got a insane right hock.
heyy!!
Don't you have doctorw Something?
Well...what's your name on there?
Mine's MollyBethF.
just saying.
We should play!: 3
yes please !
The clouds are dark 00
lol stomach turning enough
It's very inspiring to hear you guys say that :
RT Happiness is an attitude.
We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong.
The amount of work is the same.
Just ate a package of thai candies, not realizing they're doctored fruit.
According to the nutritional facts, I just ate 10g of fiber.
shit.
In Dallas and ready for linked2012!
Be sure to stop by the iTriage booth if you're here!!
Nope!
RT : Apple as a brand turns me off so much I'm willing to pay more just to have anything but their product.
Am I alone?
FABULOUS article.
TY.
Overworked, stressedout and tired all the time.
Sound familair?
There IS help, TODAY'S TMJ4 News, On Your Side, tonight at 10:00.
Dear soccer groundskeepers, The lines would be much easier to see if you would cut the grass BEFORE you painted it.
Justsayin'
I panicked and closed the window.
I'm a little depressed.
I don't.
:/ That is put on by the CVB and I haven't heard too much.
can you help Laura?
Some things ill never know and I had to let them go
Jack's mannequin killed it tonight in Boston!!
That awkward moment when you're kicking ass at Mario Kart, then you realize you've been looking at the wrong screen.
cam had a wr and a running game, skins don't.
also, 4.
what happened to ur gr8 D?, 5.
max contractwork harder, not say 'the heck with yall'.
6.
Ull only b remembrd for CHIPS
Great site Travis!
Managing Partner, TwillerMoore, an executive search and consulting firm in NYC; Board Member, NAPS; Boston College grad;
talk to me about your story.
I'm the mother of a cutter.
Whiskey is risky but it makes the girls frisky.
MT : Oh TripAdvisor.
The hotel itself was amazing but it rained all week and our holiday was ruined  1 star.
Do I even follow any female Devils fans?
Like, that have the Devils as their primary team?
Longest line at Fred Meyer??
Yep, MegaMillions by a longshot
Mad shout out to I've benefit working all day illustrate get at ya once I'm home about an hour from now
After my pedicure I think ill have to go to the hospital get stitches to stop my toes from bleeding..
this woman has bout killed me!
Latest followers  client/business prospective
I wanna see chronicle to you know, so don't hog it..
just saying :3
bear in mind emu doesn't taste too good, at least for my palate but maybe it was roadkill.
The Old English word for 'sneeze' is 'fneosan.'
I really hope tomorrow wont be as humid as it was today..
i will kill someone if it is!!
At this point, I hope that NO ONE hits the megamilli and the prize rolls over to a Billi.
Gleason Archer patents discovered for tank destroyer, ventilation
excited to be preparing my presentation on rights management for creative DAMs for
Fantastic news!
about time!
EVAN YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT STAR WARS JUST STOP
'Seattle Mama Doc' receives CDC Childhood Immunization Champion award  Access Washington
RT : Here waiting to see // Enjoy!!
Hello !
I need Stars or Party money, I have Merge.
If anyone can help a holdplz out, holler at me plz !
I just noticed that.
Sorry
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate When is we gonna fuck?
A politician is an arse upon which everybody has sat except a man
UFC136 Going to b good!
:
I'm glad we are positive ;
You know you want to come to our SMWWDC happy hour tomorrow.
Go ahead, RSVP: on.fb.me/wUQTGR
Watching Troll 2.
The greatest.
holy Jesus!
Spectacular pics Coco.
I Need Some Stress Relief !
You have to look after each other
We have sad news.
After losing all our photo and videos, our supposed 'friend' David Paul Krug, who was supposed to help us with the webs...
that's a good one.
Do you have a national championship ring from high school?
Or state ring?
Or a gold medal?
Or all American?
RT : FB to buy Instagram.
If they make it so you have to have a FB account to sign in, I'm abandoning all social networking.
FactsWithoutWikipedia Mitt led Bain Capital in the acquisition of a whorehouse chain that created 742,000 bl jobs.
eeep okay this is not fun to watch,leave pizza alone!
anytime man, anytime.
just like now n shit
lol!!
your new keek is so funny to me ; ..
I don't even know why..
haha.
You could be like the girl with funny talent!
hehe
I have a feeling that might not be a bad thing for the bucks.
Just a hunch.
Got stuck behind a school bus and now a train
Got my unread emails down below 15,000.
This is actually substantial progress.
unless you know something that nobody else does........
then I'm going to say:VERY VERY DOUBTFUL
How To Spring Clean Your doctorer Vents and Air Ducts  Air Systems ...
Ready to get this album finished and out...
S/O TO MY BROTHER BLOCK ROYAL
wants to increase our state's rainy day fund.
It's about time someone wanted surplus instead of debt!
Hoping to get Trespassing in the mail today!!
I knew that was Tom Brady I saw standing in the BeerLine before the game, His first play confirmed it for me..
dumb question but is it called a Jesus cake?
has the best programing
Thanks!
That's less work for me.
Hey...
is my public account.
I really never tweet on anymore.
so sorry about ur oldest baby...!!
STAR ALL OF THE POSTS
Dude, I literally wiped a tear off my face.
i do love when people walk away when i'm talking to them  thanks mom, youre cool
I want a miniature zoo full of miniature animals from all around the world.
That would be awesome.
what you pass on the A's?
You passed on Oakland?
You will regret this,hat was the offer from
I finally decided this is a place I'd like to hitch my wagon to.
Aww thanks!
I get it from my mama lol RT : lol I can tell in the pic with your mom!!
She's Beautiful by the way.
RT : New Vera Bradley for Spring has arrived at Watts!
Stop in and check it out.
thg, haha they say the world will be watching haha, idk i'm just a big fan ..
Coming soon to the Traditions Room...
Reception!
haha u need to stop!
Please take more screenshots of my tweets
With all due respect, and I understand the context of quote, there are no 'empty seats' in classes, there are simply TOO MANY.
awww that's awesome, thank you James :
This KillYourself shit; it's not funny, or cool.
You sound like a barbaric, uneducated imbecile.
Every 15 minutes someone commits suicide.
At NY Penn Station heading down to DC for CCC12  who's going?
Ping me to meet up later at the opening reception.
I love sermons
Was it raining?
RT : doctorve by MacArthur Blvd twice today.
Twice craved cake.
ProTip: Want a manicure and/or pedicure the day before Mother's Day?
Make an appointment, as they can get kinda busy that day.
I wonder how many people are tweeting right now.
Oh.
My.
God.
This is so bad.
It's not even 'so bad it's good' bad.
No, it's just bad.
so true!
and on a cheap satin pillow.
yuck!
Rocking to Candyland!!!
Resnik examining how 'blindness,' traditionally negative and inauspicious, came to represent a positive characteristic of justice
The Hilliard Senior Center is located  3800 Veterans Memorial doctor Hilliard 43085.
We'll be there from about 11am to 12 pm.
Stop by!
no u didn
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me5
Am I the only person that thinks Avatar sucked?
Unobtanium?
Really?
You couldn't come up with a better name for an unobtainable element?
Starters tonight foie gras special and classic onion soup.
Then scallops and duck confit with truffle risotto and squash as entrees.
Searching for a roommate is probably at the top of the list of sketchiest things to do...
CreepinHardcore Ifeellikeimbeingcreepedontoo :O
Kate said Tom reminds her of Rob.
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
You love each other.
what are you stuck on?
Amazing dinner  chez bruce!
I would bet real money you'll love it
They can say what they want, give it their best, we'll wrap our hearts in bulletproof vests
Dx Trying to sleep but my phone keeps going off because of updates.
:c Doctors appointment in 3hours.
Dx
He didn't lose his account, but closed it.
Got my glasses fixed !!!
YEE !
Bros I luvs ya, But on ElbowDuck order, it doesn't inform of BACKORDER until AFTER Checkout!
Not cool wntd u2 know
Thanks for meeting with us today, our staff is excited about moving forward.
parents if your off today its a lovely day to be in the park with the childoctorn.
lots of sun.
I'm out of here..smh.
Ha.
You wont understand anyways!
I don't think it's too much to say Fleury's Secret Service Save was THIS generation's The Save..
Who turned down Sir Paul McCartney?
USSportspages.com
Obviously this account is my humorous one and shouldn't be taken too seriously.
My professorssional one can be followed
About to go ride my cousin's new horse she so pretty she is a Palomino/paint horse my Fave Breed!!
I'm so PSYCHED!!
Can't complain at all.
U?
So by that logic Masoli  Fouts.
Get off your high horse buddy.
schemes, help.
Sessions gotta step the fuck up.
Incredibly nervous and I'm nowhere near a TV
I hope the '72 Dolphins enjoy their champagne...Ugh.
Palko strikes again!!!
it was nice being a cop :
Obsession with self in these matters is a dead end; attention to God leads us out into the open, into a spacious, free life.
Romans 8 MSG
is a total class act.
at least he isn't talking about recycling his water again!
I think the 8:50 am start time is a HUGE benefit.
We are the only HS that starts late.
Also your principal is awesome!
:
President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.
Is that time again!
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Albert Einstein
I am well is not grammatically correct.
It's pompous.
That makes 'well' an adverb, meaning you're doing a good job at being.
it would b nice I'm tryna smoke now tho lol
I really want some ice cream, but I had cheese fries for lunch.
I can't be eating all that in the same 24 hours.
I'm scared of getting fat
That show was fantastic  so much fun as always!!!!
Thank you so much Patrick!!!!
: xoxoxo
Brooke: Badge system for achievements not yet a part of kohails.
Congratulations to my lovely girl ,Carmen ,on her graduation!
Excited to be at the ChickfilA Leadercast!
Updates to follow...
sam the cooking guy on the dsc on jack fm san diego
He's only two Cy Youngs behind Tim Lincecum!
God will never feed your depression.
Choose him and he will take away all burden.
Be Blessed tweeples...

how many people will you beat only 1 out of hundoctord turn you in.
Carte Blanche
Good Morning Danielle
Haha, so true.
That made me feel much better.
Oh..
I love school
Watching Breaking Dawn :
Sometimes we don't ask the question because we are afraid of the answer.
Ask us, all we want to do is give you the answer right for you.
typosf12 packed room here.
will take opportunity to spread word for Types We Can Make ECAL exhibit coming to in May :
I actually had a really productive day yesterday.
That's not even my son.
I don't even know him.
THAT WAS A CONFUSING TIME IN MY LIFE!
what did y'all do at 11:11?
we are trying to figure out what to do!
In light of the recent suicides, would u make a video for gay youth?
Please help with this message!
nope, was at home on my couch:
i freaking miss you alot
I want my tattoo!
Fuck i want it NOW!!
Tonight isn't going to be any different.
He also reminds Colt Cabana that after this match all bets are off until they have their match.
not sure i could even sit through that....just too emotional
Get ur Gertrude Hawk 1 choc.
bars here  the library!
professorts support the ACL Teen Leadership Committee and the programs they sponsor.
i be on the net alot cause i like to read , learn and network...getlike me
where the buck are you?
;o I'm bored lolol
We wish all the parents  childoctorn good luck today for the first day of school.
lol smiley face
I want to have an Indian themed wedding.
I love the colors, and beads, and elegance.
Family roots: an investigation of the effects of upheaval on family systems.
By Mindy Thompson Fullilove.
I miss y'all MORE!
We must reunite very very very soon :
attempting to watch melancholia but i'm pretty tired so this might be a lost cause.
Picking through apples and a man comes over and says, Easter eggs?
and he picks up an apple and I don't know if he's hitting on me or not.
Shandy  a beer mixed with citrusflavored soda, carbonated lemonade, ginger beer, ginger ale, or cider.
Thank goodness snow pants are forgiving.
the question of the hour: should my new iPhone be white?
or black?
yeah right.
I wouldn't be able to ride that now.
Acting coaches list your services on the ActoRectory and access thousands of actors daily.
maybeishould sneak out but im a chicken lol
Love this weather
so filipino!
Lol
Happy Mother's Day to the best Mom in the entire world.
: I love you Mommy!
I have a tat and i checked it about 30 times b4 i let them start it.
but i'm the 1 that has to wear it forever
Sorry, it's kristinhackman
It's amazing to me how many sites make me think there should be a plugin for scrobbling.
It kills me when someone loses absolutely everything in an instant.
We're excited to be part of 's InfluencerAwards tonight.
BonneChance Santé!
Runners!
This Sun.
11/20, we run 6 miles  7am starting  San Vicente  Ocean.
G'luck!
I love getting new phone cases
Larry Crowne is a great movie!
worst headache u ever had
Thanks man
Looks like fun!
The look up on my face say Homicide free Man
Thank you SO much, Steve, for everything!
Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do!
Funeral tomorrow.
Goodnight beautiful people!
Hope you all have sweet doctorams 3
askObama What are you doing to get unemployed to start businesses?
For some odd reason, twellow isn't letting me sign in; stops after information.
Won't let me confirm my email either.
:/
The evidence of highstakes learning.
MT : This place smells like unwashed bodies and fear  UCLA Powell Library
That was an interesting article.
Thanks for sharing.
Despite its long history of colonialism.
lol
figured out what?
Great!
Thanks for this.
I will pass it along.
Good Night3
DD Palmer you would roll in your grave if you saw all the doctorgs and doctormapeople love doctorma!
I love your website and it has been a great inspiration to me and my husband
Thx...join us for recording whenever!
RT : CONGRATS!!!!!
TWEETING FOR A CAUSE  FollowFriday FF Know others?
Maybe Gauger will next wow us hicks with his musings on John Edwards' shoe selection.
CHECK OUT please they're great!
beam the fuck in.
i cant do my work.
lucky!!
: where are you going?
i tend not to give af !
get yo own life hoe, Before i make yo asz my runway!
not finna sneak diss coco !
4 Questions To Ask Yourself Before Starting Your Own Business
This week's episode of The Legend of Korra is BUH.
NANAS.
Welcome to twitter my younger daughter
Glad you are enjoying the tattoos!
Still wearing ours...
Can't wait to have you involved.
Bored as duck!!!!!!
Ugh need a new guy
SCENES OF A CRIME is so infuriating.
Chaperoning my first middle school dance!
Pretty excited!
trick is never let your mind to tell you theres nothing to do
Using markers of Bloom's Taxonomy levels in student work as suggestive of movement.
V cool.
BlueRock is off to video a future tennis super star today!
nothing but school.
Ready to graduate!
: Duzi is so fucking adorable and the perfect kind of awkward  aw stop it 
Honestly..
I'm really excited for Nationals!
Did you Get Curried Away this weekend?
Let's hear some exciting stories!!!
Tonights gonna be epic Hot 97 night.
Let's hope we run smoothly.
Yeah, I'm fine!
Don't tell me forever if you really mean for now
We totally killed FashionWeek with !
Stay tuned for amazing pics and footage!
for me yeahh
sigh bring1dtoseattle is never ending
I love her even more because she takes all my shit and just laughs.
Thinking it would be a good idea to jump into a nice cold pool right now
12 hours till I rage with
we r a nonprofessort bike shop who hires disadvantaged teens and give them a safe learning opportunity.
Wow!
Just hit 1607 tweets!
That is our lucky number
hey man , what's up?
Whoa  just realized Loki is the same actor as F.
Scott Fitzgerald in Midnight in Paris.
Now that's versatility.
: Breakfast for dinner is the best!...
Sometimes BFD is what the doctorcalled for
RT on the first of january, I'm going on a water diet.
If I didn't mention your name don't take it personal im eating and it ain't enough characters.
Aw...
Leanne.
: How sad to be without the rest of the triad!
N yo own race will dog you out quicker then anyone else will.
RT God is in control
Decided to wear a doctorss today..
Now it's raining.
Fml!
Just got the last two standing room tickets for the book of mormon tonight!
thanks for the ReTweet.
What have you been up to?
's TinyDesk concerts are really hitting the spot right now.
To be a true business person you have to be paranoid, para from Latin, meaning beside and noid, some sort of pizza demon.

This Is Not The Story You Think It Is, Laura Munson.
Kudos , thank you for helping me grow up, truly inspiring...
Should I be a firefighter In the marines..
Or should I stick to security forces
Up early waiting on Semi doctorver to bring work, coffee is good and fresh I need a couple of glazed donuts....
absolutely loving the energy of

See you there!
thats so sweet u even learned spanish for love
Doing a powerful seminar w/ RichardLawson so moving  powerful!
:
Omg i love you so much plz follow me 3
Great night, but kinda hurt.
flyest girl on the block
Wow, Jessica is not playing around...such a mature, soulful voice...
At the hospital a little longer than we expected waiting on to feel better
you said everyone OLD follow me?
Wishing for pizza delivery on the mountain...
I don't check personal email very often during the day.
The kid finally figured out how to say dads.
Love him!
I learned somwthing new today RT : Absolutely RT : Really ?
RT : The best things in life are free
heading up to Rochester, NY for the weekend.
must negotiate with the traffic to get to BWI first!
Just by listening to the announcers you would think Heslip has 30, equaling Baylor's lead.
Xavier trails by 9.
Doing some marketing for our local Curves today.
Some jus gotta deal wit stuff on dey on and handle it dey own way.
I'm outta it.
Ill be here when shit gets deep tho!
Loyal!
I finished ALL my homework.
Now watching The Wood.
No excuses.
No apologies.
lol man u fucked in the head
I am learning how to tweet just to yo.
oh damn,..
That goes both ways.
Looking to help 8 ppl create their fortunes on the internet within a year's time!
Call me now if you're serious 16463979817
Omar Gomez Shooting here at R2K today!
We Love our coops!
I've been home all day and haven't watched one bit of t.v.....
Who does that?
Good Monday to all.
We here at Lonestar Delivery and Process wish everyone a wonderful and productive week!
When you're on the treadmill dont hold on.
It decreases the intensity, which decreases your calorie burn by up to 24 percent.
Pride of Baltimore launched, Feb.
27, 1977
the worst part?
I don't even like that.
LOL!
Thank you for the follow!
Happy Friday!
Wow, Mary Jo Buttafuoco remarries.
I guess she likes taken bullets to the face.
We have some custom fireplaces that you may fall in love with.
but, we do have a Culver's in Richmond!
OUrDay I have great memories of putting together the first ACTV7 news website with !
I wish I still had kanye west college doctorpout album
Happy u rescued your new pup!
Inspirational!
Rescued a Morkie/ MaltiShi mix a week ago at a swap/college.
Named her Chewy
Reading about declining state appropriations for HigherEd...
Always interesting; always a bit depressing.
yes it is : Kryssi isnt too bad either
you don't like Uecker?
Holy Pajamas!
The Junior Board just crossed 6,100!
Love.
Come visit the Centre Branch for Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:15am.
Ages 5 and younger.
For more information call 2513700.
pumped to announce that me  are tying the knot in a month's time.
exciting times ahead and can't wait for the festivities!
Gotta have my sausage  cheese biscuit from ASAP
Will do my man.
You guys will dominate.
Does anyone know if/where I can get a Tudor watch repaired in NYC?
Thanks!
The two man band killed it!!
Apparently it's hip to watch the opening band?!?
Jane'sAddiction
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.
Henry Ward Beecher
can't wait to watch the walking dead at 9pm at amc!
:D
I don't think my girlie parts are suppose to be sore after spin class
SO to , Tre Wells  Tyler Watts for being selected Honorble Mention in the Southwest League this season
Beach tonight was pretty widdit
NERCOMP12 University of New Hampshire speaking at 2:45 in room 552 about IT Resource Allocation before and after implementing TeamDynamixHE
Being able to sleep in for an extra hour 

Klugha Style That Pleasesthe performance consistently delighted a capacity crowd.
Mike Joyce, The Washington Post
That awkward moment when your boy tells you something that you didn't need to know
Orlando has to work twice as hard without a big man.
low/no cost.
ha :p
You can actually connect with people on facebook.
Twitter is just a bunch of random short updates.
Bo!!!
lol
BUT DOES HE SELL THEM atthesamedamntime THO??
Quick Update: Cheese Wedge is still living in the doctorer.
Even flew back in there when it was on.
I'm not gonna deal with your shit every night
Think like a man
I Take Life For What Its Worth!
If a girl rushes to find out everything about you..
She just wanna use u
Tired and my allergies are getting worse!!!
FOLLOW ME
Thanks for the rec!
Might I ask how much it is?
They want my personal info before giving me pricing details...
NeverShouldYouEver Say you that pretty MF looking like Peter Griffin bitch
very well sir very well...prob going to the beach in a lil bit...I'm still waiting on to come to LA
crowd sourcing panel choice?
Brilliant.
Did I get it right?
Or, um, did I get it wrong?
:D
I utilize tweets 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
dont let people get you down, if they make you upset dont let them make you unhappy because thats what they wanna see...
you upset
Unfortunate!
RT : No marathon before THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, the screening rights were not available  maybe in the future though!
Just got interviewed for the documentary with
Sleeping with my amazing boy 
as a cat person that makes me sad.
I guess to most people cats are cats, whereas dogs may be chihuahuas or shepherds...
damn good game.
longhorn second string is getting his mojo.
bama better get serious again.
Presbyterian west side hospital opening today!
Come see us for free chair massage with number 47.
We are so excited to be part of this event
Promise yourself a life filled with love...your worth it
Blake Griffin SUCKS!!!!!!
Think I will break down  read HungerGames before I see the movie!
RT : Why am I telling knock knock jokes to Kim Kardashian?
Why is she here anyway?
Barack Obama  Seriously!
Weekend is here.
Bout time.
In the D with listening to soundcheck bout time to rock
RT Tom Brady...
Meet mister Dumervil
Home just in time to watch them load into the starting gate for the Kentucky Oaks!!
why must I pay 19.99  another 20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty  which does not work?
You realize it's possible for ppl to disagree with something you write for some reason other than blind partisanship, right?
So glad to see Richard Pryor circa 1971 alive and well
Zimmerman was Trayvon's Grim Reaper, and that night, as in one's worse night terror, Trayvon saw him coming with no way to shake him.
Dang!
RT : Below to Porcello in dugout: You see, the trick is to remember these Twins blow.
Jus out here fammo.
Wus good witchu, where yu be at nowadays??
Miss ya ass no homo!!
LET'S MAKE IT A PIZZA NITE AND WATCH BFV ON DEMAND!!!!!!
Q0 Barbara Smith.
Instructional Design strategy and innovation.
Atlanta, GA.
Thank you for your mentions with such awesome company!
Enjoy making today fantastic!
i got my self a burger...yuuuummmmm 3
Congrats and all other grads!
Spending Mothers Day w/ my mom watching the Mets gm...
A BIG thank you to the woman who made me a Mets fan!
Yeah.
He must be off his meds.
Should we send in a team?
Again?
That waffle house 
The Red State thing: Not a fan!
Goodman rocked it but it couldn't decide what kid of movie it was.
Did like the trumpets.
did he really say that?
perhaps you sould dm me first?
Lol Or if its more than 140 feel free to email me, addy is on my professorle
I need a ride to school :
Looking forward to it!
That's at 2:30, right?
Looking forward to it Rick : I'll DM you my digits.
Have a great day yourself!
thank you!
That's what everyone tells me about PghI'm excited to discover it for myself.
I'm in one of those moods....
stay tuned...
Trivia Night tonight  730!
First question: Where's the best place to have a ball downtown?
We'll take A Thunder Game or BWhiskey Chicks!
Madison smbmad UR the best helping our speaker get safely here.
But he flew in to Dane Cty.
See you in the am
I miss my dad, so ready to see him Saturday!
Thanks to everyone who has followed us thus far!
RT : Net neutrality upheld in Congress today!
Totally sweet!
whew!
really nice  traces of
If your iPhone could speak, what would it say?
For some reason...I'm feeling MUCH better now!
how would you win one?
Okay,And can you let me know when he reply's back?
:
Gotcha Day celebration for the minime.
She so deosn't get it, but we had fun regardless.
One day she will want a car or something for it.
Yep, she cray
grind mode just enjoying the late night twitter thing
We know the perfect way to start off your Wednesday morning Our Morning Starter Yoga Class from 7:459:00am...
See you there!
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana run banana run
: Henry Ford Library .
With twitter it could always be the character limit.
FB lets you be the big giant ahole that you truly are.
Woke with a terrible sore throat.
Know any good home remedies to extinguish the fire in my throat?
Yo eyes R blue...but U ain't White!
Yo hair just straight because U PRESSED it last night!!!
Huh, u can't take a break to go to the potty??
I'm liking the avi.very cute.
:
jus tweet me a picture that u want to be in it
ballroom blitz!!
Ouch, the Fray just murdered the National Anthem
Thanks for the follow By the way, your Twitter Pic is totally adorable!
Miss you !!
Bout to hit his gym up in a bit..
take a shower and hit the movies...
Can We say Beast lol..
im on my way...
yes, wear a sweater 33 and be my 500th follower?
:
: Every girl should know that she deserves a man to love her the way she's supposed to be loved.
I do this role
Craig Carey relating W.R.
Hearst to Ambrose Bierce as editorial warriors, typographical enthusiasts
thanks for the follow.
Branding is fun.
Being good at branding is funner!
don't wear booty shorts and uggs
U r a much needed reminder of natural selection....nature chose u to be gay because the world does NOT need ur offspring running around
Craig be on some circus/ space pimp gear LOL
Get ready for improv tomorrow!
glad you enjoyed it  anything specific you liked?
Back to work today...and my wrist still hurts, so this should be fun.
The important thing in writing is the capacity to astonish.
Not shockshock is a wornout wordbut astonish.
Terry Southern, born 5/1/24
Thanks for the RT on my post!!
Kevin
haha hell no
Where is it snowing?
Can we expect a video for Va Voom Voom?
Single?
We're talking about it!
What do you like most about Google?
Right now, she looks like that women from Glee; the one with the big head who sings.
Bachelorette CC:
If snitches get stiches, then what do bitches get?
RT If snitches get stiches ,then what dl liars and haters get
we are like you!
We want to make those lives of people in relationships better.
Get in touch!
Lets make the world a better place!
Just got in about to smash this food!
magic Hope we get a big win today
wow!
this is painfully wack.
loves the liquid crack they serve at starbucks
Should I stay or should i go
Looks Yummy3
yes/maybe/I love it.
1000 followers is all it will take.
my boss is a runner of 25 years.
He suggested to run in grass for while if you can to build up to it.
same here.
Can I be 16  live in LA, London or NY.
That would be great.
MT : Beth Cummings of Diffraction Fiber will be Tues Nov 8, 7pm to present on setting up a successful shop.
..
so true for most of Amorica these days!!!
My Dad says the craziest things I swear !
word RT : Thats real love  My Auntie roll blunts for her nigga and don't even smoke...
20 bucks says takes home Best Picture tonight at the
One more interview and then I'm gonna get shit housed
Lucky guy!!
The sausage thing was great too!!
Patrick Nyarko seemed to be shaken up a bit, gets up just fine.
I'm obviously a fanboy, but I have no issues with the other consoles.
I just happen to only own PS3s.
Congrats to Stephanie of on her nuptials this past weekend!
She looked gorgeous!
glad your body is behaving.
: mine is behaving, but now I'm getting breakouts/hives with the regular soaps I use, so...
working : what are u doin?

LitFuse  Totally agree...
it keeps getting worse.
This guy's Siri on the bus next to me totally just tried to set us up on a coffee date.
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing!
yay!
Another birdie who loves fresh basil : I'm holding off munching on it until it grows a little 
yes it is bad
you're face wasted with your face cut up doing a half smile While some dude is holding you I DIED
An educated person is a wise person, and wisdom creates a better chance of justice resulting in freedom and democracy preserved  sustained
then move somewhere not too far from me :
Sometimes you're hot and sometimes you're not.
But never break that smile.
Grant
RT : NOTORIOUS BIG doctorWBYRD REMIX...PARTY amp; ????????
At long last.
Is Rush walking right into his have you no shame moment?
BoycottRush P2 TCOT cc
RT : The bitch across from me has been blasting CALL ME MAYBE for the past 8 hours.
T.
S.
Eliot : For last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice.
In music, everyone is a critic and expert.
Opinions are stated as facts.
It's just human nature.
Get over it and keep smashing forward.
WowAddicted by Lydia Parks got nominated for an RT award.
Yippee!
hahaha, that's awesome 
RT Kale has over 100 Vit AK.
Hide in dishes to get daily greens.
to soups  stews, stir fry  spaghetti sauce.
Thanks Amanda.
Check it out newplay folks!
sitcon's happening
Tired times for Ms Natattack.
Ready to curl up in bed with an episode of Gossip Girl :
hi brian sent u a direct message my friend!
Only more day to register for, Bailando con VerizonDance contest Martini!
Register  Win a trip to Chicago!
Call 402 714 6027!!!
Great article my Brother
Hey allergies, fuck you.
That is all.
Garrison at packers: focus on inactive customers for opps.
to reengage.
Focus on best customers to deepen relationship.
Your dad says, go ask your mom.
Your mom says, go ask your dad.
Now, you understand double recursion.
Always concentrate on how far you have come, rather than how far you have left to go.
The difference in how easy it seems will amaze you
Watching some kind of medal award ceremony for John Glenn, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldoctorn, and Mike Collins.
the beginning of the new session is on February 6th...
Watchin the playoffs.
At home.
Living the good life.
RETWEET
nice...
cream lol
for sure!
may leave u hanging again, another game just started
if I know you and you're in Rochester , please check your fb events page for a bonfire party invite.
Horrible bosses is hilarious
LA art fans check out None of These Clocks Work 8pm Art is Shit, 642 Moulton Ave.
W12 LA
we're musical soul mates.
;
I AM SO HAPPY YOU LOVE DA BOYZ AS MUCH AS ME!
YAAAAAAAAAAYYY FOLLOW !!!
I don't like Jordans.
I'm good.
Or Vans.
Great Sunday afternoon listening to/watching LIFE: A Journey Through Time with music by Philip Glass
dang there's a marathon?!
Super jealous
3 how you sampled Fresh Prince in Bartholomew
theres nothing wrong with taylor swift hahaha i just went to see her
nice mustache.
i like diet soda better than regular.
but that's just me.
ahah now were ripppin straight blunts instead
Enjoying a beautiful night with my family.
:
i know right?
I think it's impossible, cause they're so AMZAING!
:D

My opinion doesn't affect the Brewers, MLB, or baseball.
It doesn't cause global warming or cancer.
Doesn't matter.
Got to get back on a track....
I'm so tierd of waiting for studio...
Always restless.
i want to know why you said that last night ?
cause i believed it .
Nissan's Green LEAF Explores the Urban Jungle on Earth Day 2012  ReadMedia
If anyone wants to buy an iMac let me know!
I'm selling mine
6 a.m.
at the office.
New record.
Love those international phone calls.
Ah!
I meant DD2!!!
Check out GinaArt.org for great contemporary art at prices for every budget.
Thanks to our great panelists, cosponsors, and all in attendance!
wawomenwant has been a huge success!
My shoulder is breaking out...
if u go to YouTube and search timbers Tetris there are a few vids!
Thanks for the plug Megan.
We've got some new info on attendance and prek coming soon in our next newsletter.
where to this week mister Reilly?
Addis Ababa?
omg yaaayay you should have a random meet and greet while your here!
we miss you so much here in NY!
33
New Barnet Courtyard Offers Space for Art and Respite
We have more friends on TV tonight!
You can watch Jennifer Hall aka Penny from UnLEASHED in UP ALL NIGHT on NBC at 8pm.
it gives such good insight!!!
The things the tours won't mention...
Love the new She  Him Christmas album!
If marathon runners train to be competitive, that means you have to take same methods to apply them to your career.
Research  practice!
Go CAVS!
Casspi looks nasty.
Wonder if Mike Brown misses bitter winters?
Ortega products???
That is fitting.
with KelliDunnn 3 Makes my day so much brighter :
RT : Congrats to on making it to Nationals for the second straight year!
where've u ben ?
: If YOU could tell the team ONE thing, it would be .don't give up the ship
The weather's getting better by the hour, I hope it rains there all the time.
Well that's fucking AWESOME!
No need to cus though.
Cusing is bad for the soul.
WOW!
that bus didn't even beep
don't be so hard on jimmy!
I think we replaced your replacement?
Ok Thanks
Anytime!
The idea is that GETs are safe and idempotent and POSTs are not.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Henry David Thoreau
Getting excited about a fun week of food, family, friends and giving thanks!!
Wow go all day in a house with no service then as soon as i get home i get 9 texts i feel loved
It's a sad day, one of the great sax player past on.
I guess God needed a sax player for his R  R band.
You will be missed by all.
RIP:
Lol i can give u sum of mines its the big bottle.
Greatly enjoyed teaching CyberPRMTSU yesterday!
Great questions and even gave me a lot to think about.
Thanks
Who else thought that Jos A.
Bank was an actual bank at first?
Lol
Im tired of the people i love treating of like shit..
Pondering photo booth props for TC Disrupt NYC...any ideas?
The more creative, the better.
How many more Brewers will be HBP before this series is over!
What a great time last night at the Federal Affair, so many great players out supporting music.
I love u so much I live right near Washington dc come by haha guess Wat my moms bday is on Christmas always will b fan love u
Isn't our family famous for knitting?
I have three scarves that are half done in the closet.
They have been half done for 7 years.
I'll be in the RF bleachers on Saturday.
going to get my hair done!
haha GO TO SLEEP :
Early bird rate for SMILEcon in Dallas ends Sept 10th.
www.theSMILEConference.com
Awesome, well hopefully, it helps you sleep...
but you should run more anyways, it's good for ya!
awesome!
Great job!
things are good.
How was your weekend?
Reminder: Earlybird discount for the May 8 sentiment symposium ends today!
I cant fuck wit a young nigga they always expect a bitch to do everything , square ass
ah!!
Thanks!
I think we should be rooting for the Mavs to win tonight...in 12 OTs.
: I'm just a summer girl  oh.
cool.
I sure am hungry.
Resisting the urge to buy food at the airport.
Colder Weather  Zac Brown Band
have we learned nothing from the Geico commercials?
Cave men are people too!
doctornking my green juice from my coors plastic cup for breakfast.
no respect is what it is
I think they shouldn't have spring training...
Oh!
That's bull!
Me n killed y'all!
Thanks!
You should check out some updates we just posted to the site.
;
i did!!!!
but we only stayed till about 11:15 anyways
Job fair coming up soon for a ATL office.
Stay tuned!
Off to get library cards in Highgate and Kentish.
We love Highgate Library Day is 5 March
not gunna say i dnt like it wen ppl holla me Wat woman dnt?
But ill ask u2 respect my marriage keep the convo decent...
i was using txt.
did u get my msg about ur song i wonder and its impact on my life?
Hope you're feeling better and back on the field in no time!
Never apologize for being positive!
Fingers crossed and good vibes being sent your way!
I'd love to work with you.
My work is mostly commercial and I have installations on the West coast.
Nearing completion of the movie adaptation synopsis.
Traffic signal problems in Minneapolis.
noticing delays?
Email
Made my morning to see u!!
RT delightful monday morning ...got to feel 's baby move!
It feels so early...
NO!
It is going to be me and Maddy and Jade!
NO KAYLA!
:P
Obama and Clinton off to Cartagena gabfest  Washington Post
it's actually hurting my eyes!
Lol
Scallop n shrimp Skewers with a special sauce...
Its gonna be good!
Best offensive inning of Brewers postseason history?
THE MEN at Mississippi Studios, 6/23.
Fuck yeah.
Left hand, right hand, it doesn't matter.
I'm amphibious Charles Shackleford
Refer Somebody and receive a 50 discount on your next AD!!
Just know no one can take your place3
Awesome Mother Daughter date, now off too bed!!!
Goodnight ya'll!!!!
Add me on Facebook, and like my Facebook page!
I'm ina silly mood today P
Last Day to Like us on Facebook  post where you would go in SD with 50 of gas in your tank and win a 50 gas card!
Too early to tell w/o seeing whole plan.
But can I call Rams the LA frontrunners now that I'm a columnist?
Guess I just did.
Good luck with your phone interviews JMS581!
I was in ur shoestrust me, you'll survive...but it sure ain't easy :  Don't get discouraged!
: I love things about her but I don't love her.
love this song 
New Background 3
Right now I'm working from microfilm copy though, so a look at the original should solve it, thankfully
Oops!
Accidentally approved someone who's been spamming me with job opportunities on LinkedIn.
A few things I love about being single is that I get to focus on my music, get to move 2300 miles away without caring..
And masturbation.
o thats cool, whats the theme if there is and whats the color of ur doctorss, im mad im asking all these questions lol
ugh i can't even like why do i not have jack barakat like in my house right now?
This is a legit logical question thoo.
Seeing starting optometrist base salaries around 90k  productivity bonus.
Need productivity if they want bonus to pay off their loans.
Happy Birthday to today!
Hope to see you and get a hug have a great day.
ADAAA  the assume disability and attempt to accommodate act not Americans with disabilities act amendment act.

the first fist, the thirst
16 and pregnant
I heard the 'National Lampoons Vacation' remake just got the green light.
Knock it off, Hollywood!
Quit ruining these film's legacies.
Yay!
I think I finally convinced the people in my household to get rid of cable television!
Fuck, I second that motion.
If only I could afford such a thing!
That was well done.
Wakefield to Mirabelli.
that's cause I love that picture of you three!
The Best Diabetes Treatment  cre8tive M.V.
im sad that the first election i get to vote in is such a boring election.
Z at both candidates 
ha!
I like that!
thats my new slogan!
I don't care Booboo I just miss you so much u.u
Any Super Bowl plans?
or forgetting they're even on
Just saw a homeless man with a sign saying hungry  ugly.
Makes me sad :
oh yeah.....
AC bills off the charts.
From the Far Right Conservative New Language 1 Kenya: an island in the Hawaiian chain where President Obama was born.
I love camping.
Like you I can't get to everything to participate and talk as much as I'd like to...
SPIT YOU OUT!
If the Devils stay out of the box, they win this game easily.
running my 6th halfmarathon this year!
Shooting for under 2 hours this time.
Your very welcome !
We are so ready to learn and meet everyone
Louis is about to get this FOOT!
thatawkwardmoment when the person KNOWS they deciphered something wrong but play it off as if they are right ...lol P
take your charger
Another great time at WMSE rockabillychili!
Favs: Stubby's,Wicked Hop, Molly Cools, Jake's Deli,  Palomino/Attebury.
My mommy is the best cooking me a separate dinner cause I'm a princess 
Definitely!
What time?
Any layover?
I love you.
EBGamesAus Demon's Souls for greatest PS3 game of all time.
Until Shadow of the Colossus HD is released that is.
Bout to step into this pass life regression session...let us see
excited about the Spurs game tonight!
Haha ok...
But you should pull for them everyday because they're so good!
And Kinsler is so cute!
I just realized its thursday.
Thought it was friday
Im securing a TV show for fall, a group of industrials here in Chi, and trying to finalize a few partnerships.
Tell your fave joke  win 2 tickets 2 our show Oct.
8  The Box!
Can be original, off a popsicle or a fave comedian's!
Submit by 2 tomorrow!
Piano baring with and the Acrees lol
I absolutely do have the best girlfriend EVER!!!!:3
ARE YOU AWAKE?
Did Chanel crash in your room last night?!?
feelin good.
rehearsal later.
I am a huge Train fan.
Even the new album and its mainstream sound...I can't not support them!
Cant wait for the Club T tomorrow night at Red Rock
Like how Colts war room ppl act like NASA landing on the moon.
High fiving eachother for picking Andoctorw Luck
I'm seein you in less Than 2 MONTHS, I am SOEXCITED :D
This game is turn up!
Yum!
Thanks for the tasty Mexican Hot Chocolate Brownies yesterday!
It was nice meeting you guys!
why u sad??
Tebow!!
this is the first time that ive been on and you've been on, haha its kinda cool :, God Bless, your a really great guy :
Bagel and a banana cream yoplait light yogurt : yum
Thanks for stopping by LocalLoveEvent !!!
Fuck Bitches Get Money .
Going to sleep,
Took new company phote today for our catalog.
My ugly mug is going out to 400000 businesses nationwide!
Mind blown and stomach on the verge of exploding after Adventure Time marathon/feast at Alamo...
And now back to Cine Las Americas...
Thanks JAzmin for following us :D xoxo
Running through my apartment dancing and singing to
Titanic exhibit, Shark Reef, Bellagio fountains, were kinda cool.
The real highlight of the day was a woman answering her phone, Annyong.
SHRED SOME GNARRRRR
Thanks to Cody Simpson for following me.
ohWait he hasn't :
rip late starts on wednesday.
RT : ideas2action udemy: ascribes to gates idea that soon all best lectures will be online  free.
Just realized that I forgot to call my Grandma on her birthday.
Want to cry : She is THE BEST!!
Nice!
How was the fairgrounds and ?
thank!
:D
doctorgoing to retest in 6 mos then poss.
food challenge
SORRY but Elise does NOT belong in the bottom 3.
No way.
She's probably one of the most unique ones there.
Glad Skylar made it though!
Everyone follow this girl  She works her ace off and her parents own a fantastic winery Check it yo!
Melo is too clutch
RT : I'm excited to photograph this event!
: SELECT 2012 opens tomorrow!
Saturday, February 11 68pm!
FREE!...
hahhhaha hey I just met you and this is crazy but call me maybe
Do you remember being surprised when I didn't want to keep going to swim meets after you aged out?
:
Just heard your name previewed on 1250.
Best of luck on there sir!
good I'm at school already
the town is in hiatus cuz im here and not you
Utah was a hub for aerospace and aeronautics  military.
So lots of technical expertise and engineering
For the first time in a long, long, long time, our benches outside are visible!
However, it appears the plow got one of the arms.
If nobody is making a SpaceChem MMORPG, I shall despair utterly.
This morning I saw a Christmas gift sitting on my desk from the Boss.
Needless to say it was a Leatherman.
I am now ready for anything!
Omg dude is having heated argument with wife about infidelity via phone on bus.
FF Lucky to have amazing colleagues as part of my PLN:
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 36
I wish my freaking laptop worked
Well I was born in the sign of water  its there that I feel my best.
The albatross  whales they R my brothers.
Time 4 a Cool Change
west coast palsdon't miss out on sunday's annular eclipse!
and don't look right at it without eye protection!!
Happy Saints Day ....
www.worldchampionfans.com GET YOUR BANNER TODAY!
we deliver sushi right to your door.
McKenna's Timewave said nothing about the world ending, nor did the Mayans.
Hollywood did.
Nice dinner with Daniel Coulon of Beaurenard last night at La Mere Germain; now off to taste some more CDP.
yah I fell asleep last night
feels like you dnt really wanna wake up tomorrow morning lol so u say that to motivate urself lol
A true adventurer goes forth aimless and uncalculating to meet and greet unknown fate
jakeeey i like cake!
FOLLOW ME AYE?
Ugh headache!
Not in them heels!
:D
I saw a kid who looked like Nick Mara yesterday.
Watching the shuttle launch online makes me even more excited to attend the NASATweetup next month!
Call it the same way that you call it the first 10 seconds.
Hope they meet them in NCAA Tourney.
Join us!
MT : Tomorrow's CrawfishMambo CookOff has been relocated inside the Cove!
Close to parking,far from the elements!
ok ok FB bought Instagram soo wat?
i dnt get y its a big deal
Who cares?
Your opinion matters less than mine..
At Serb Hall to hear Vinehout, Barrett, Falk and LaFollette tell me why I should vote for them.
Starts at 6:30!
La Dispute is such an inspiration.
New Orleans this one is for you HTown stand up
Gotta say this broncos patriots mash up is making for a pretty riveting game.
It's only 1st quarter!
Burress possibly to the RAIDERS?
Damn that be nice.
Can I get that shirt though?
Howaboutwe cut the bullshit and stop acting like we really give a damn :
If you want a new entertainment and sports complex in Sacramento RT this!
Angel just had her baby!
Omg I luv him already!!!!
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
The development environment looks very clean.
Moving files from devl into production requires additionals SKILLS.
dmp
Can u send me another link?
I can't see it :
Yep.
There was bipartisan opposition to Bernie Sander's proposal that would have simply raised the cap to fix SS.
WHO WANTS TO BE IN A JJUSTIN BIEBER VALENTINE FAN VIDEO?
TWEET MEE
She is a scary cat she ran
Every soccer team has'em.
THE MIND READER: Will announce to her team that the player playing against her is a btch based solely on looks.
Made me think of Titanic
me too.
Worrying about too many things.
or you can shop on line at jcwesternwear.com
Who's going out for doctorft fun tonight?
Flat Tires are dumb.
I'm really angry my Twitter was suspended...
Hate morning classes
Dear Coastal San Diego resident , we have no sympathy :P
We fought hard Avon.
my favorite note of the weekend.
Miss u guys.
I missed this.
Chris Brown for worst lip syncing performance, right?
I've never seen you mad.
How do you do it?
BTW, do u know any engineers who are in need of a career?
We have positions open
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
Henry Louis Mencken
i need you, like a bird needs his feathers.
if there's some one better, i still haven't found her yet.
We have a new server ready  vpnin85 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York, NY.
It's available in your customer area now.
doesnt Laviolette deserve blame for Pitting Lilja on ice after his game 1 blunder?
hysterical bachelor link.
Ha !
: WeirdFactAboutMe If I had the time, I would change my dorm room around every week.
This makes me happy :
Thanks for this weekend.
It's only Saturday and it's been lovely.
life in the fast lane
being authentic RT : RT Be memorable by walking your talk.
oh that sucks, I'm headed back from LA's gray/brown cold haze, was hoping for some sunshine in Miami :/
no suit, but the man does fill out a button down shirt.
Oh, yum!
have you seen lately?
He had a crazy hot chick last time I saw him...
Ever suffer a sex injury?
u wanna go?
is excited to see what this new year brings...hopefully lots of good things!
:
I'm sorry
Why We Can't Farm Out the Teaching of Writing  Chronicle of Higher Education
Morton: Biosphere as an ocean of anxiety where objects bob up and down.
Smh I gotta stop talking bout eating pussy in the rhymes
RT : ehh thats not a terrible idea but thats like having two melos but then we would be forced to doctorft 4's
yes girl I've got to
im hungry loll peace bbl:
hey guys please spread the word about this page please33
we have a jealous lawlorff over here because of Sophia.
may have a tiny crush on you..
ahaha :
DJ Lance is my boyfriend.
well haha just felt like tweeting you Good night!
Call Cascade Florists for that LateInTheDay Gift Delivery or LastMinuteBoutiques!
18667673247
Thanks for the shout out!
:
I've been thinking bout going to church lately
Chloe what's your skype name???
FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK!
Get 1/2 off your appetizer or entree every third time you check in and free doctornks for the mayor!
go vig or go home
Got my new phone:D
hey good luck!!
I remember my first quilt..
and it is still my favorite...
I think you're going to get a lot of guys signing up for next weeks class after posting this picture!
:
Iowa State won!!!!!!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Woah guys!!!
Lunch with my cousin N my grandfathers in the house.
Today's lunch: Pasta, beef, tomatoes and grape juice.
word.
I tried packaging Bernard Scott as well but a different guy has him  he is being super difficult, wants way too much.
how though ;o....you one lucky gurl/3 i woudl really wanna be you/3
Right?!
My god...fans these days.
I think i Decided where I'm going to school next year.
She's young.
Give it time.
Ew, this guy outside is walking barefoot and his feet are all black O.e
Thanks 4 following me!
Do you have a bakery of your won?
I am looking for an Artisan Bakery to feature in a future article
Living and loving life...
Blessed.
wondering if , and I could entice you to a hike one of these days?
: Tony Shaloub?
yeah that's the guy
The Vikings weren't the only thing to collapse in the Metrodome this year.
: how many times must we play the same damn song on the radio???
We nee to take the radio over!
Let's Occupy the Radio!!!
go to extra time podcast 30th April min 59
Spent 4th of July visiting my dad in the hospital.
Cancer sucks!!
Lovely...
Impact on Financial markets?
Rangers acquisition in simple math:Lee  Yu
Hey Flyers fans we don't celebrate regular season wins, we celebrate playoff wins AND Stanley Cups.
If I go to your Tweet stream, I can see all your posts, except the direct messages.
InCaseYoudidntKnow I wish dead people had visiting hour.
omg.
You're one of those crazy people.
And theres no point in trying to reason with crazy
Brewers beat the Cubs again.
hey make don't you have some yard work to be doing?!
You light skinned shit rat!
Im in the kwikemart hahahaha
every art project I do I always use ur name in it ha : just.Thought.You.Shuld.Know !!
unless there are trusted independent location escrow services  ala FireEagle
nice, i think you'll kill it there, btw i really liked that Basquiat portrait of yours
Got it : : An asskisser with no point of view PeoplePleaser lol
SwaggyB doesn't believe in Oz but does!
Not block, more like remove inappropriate pictures.
My nephew visited me last week, I had a blast with him..Miss him!!
Its good to have kids around!!!
It brings out the child in you!
there is no end to how much I love erasing things from my todo list
Bring back the Whalers!!!!I agree 100
RT guys ;please help us trend BYEonRadio :
sipping on some stuff
LA bus doctorvers use two speeds when doctorving and two speeds only.
Way Too Fucking Fast or Entirely Too Goddamn Slow.
my mom is doing it now and has lost 24 lbs!
its the only thing that's worked for her, so i figured i'd give it a try
Me no speak english
Check out our Video and give us a voteGod's Anointed Soldiers,, for do the Jingle
Thank You  Mindfire is the SABRE Awards PR Product of the Year?!
Big congrats, !
Also went to a Nashville AFof M meeting this week.
Really love what Pres Pomeroy  VP Krampf are doing for musicians.
Writing the pages of history, this page....
Denver, p.s.
u guys ROCK!
Well be at the Yelm Home and Garden Show April 2829!
Come and say hello if youre in the area?
Just peed in a field with Angela
kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
BBQ's does and don'ts.
Cinco De Mayo Celebration and who will be headlining.
Fun things to do in Denver in May.
Surly Abrasive is back...online and in the store
ThoughtsAtWalmart Walmart is wack!
Target is soo much better!!!!!
Record late snow to spring fever!
RT : How's everyone diggin' the 60s today?
My car showed 69 on 217 near Tigard.
yeah, that's what I'm thinking..
but if it's really him I'm totally skipping!!
bum man boogie
Order TonyTat Art, prints, posters, customized Art?
Check out samples on TonyTAT Custom Art design page on FB.
tonytat8789 for orders.
Now thats for sure RT disagree.
White pants on the other hand lol
I'm a grown ass man.
Imma call you RON!
Haha i still have 3 more years!
Thanks a lot Kim.
Hope you are well.
Hey !
If you love SOCIAL NETWORKING like FACEBOOK and TWITTER try mister Info's Social Network at misternfoguide.socialgo.com
LOL!
I was just loud at the spa thanks to you;
BOOM!
It's gonna be HUGE!
Tell all your friends!!
We I'm waiting YEAH
Please Help me to have more followers !!
Whenever life has you down, check out Missed Connections on craigslist and think, At least I'm not at this point in my life yet.
am i in love.?
or is this a crush like the one's in kindergarten.?
:D
I care for special needs men.
6 super heros singing loudly to ur Live NYC DVD last night.
Life is good!
Thanks for the joy!
The Pirates!
Band of Misfits opens this wknd.
For local theatres  showtimes text PIRATE  your ZIP CODE to 43549.
No charge to text
Check out the latest InterActivity 2012 Concurrent Session Teasers on ACM's Facebook page!
I can finally move on when my heart finally understands, that yesterday remains yesterday  it will never be the same again.
When I'm bored people never text me or they take forever to reply but when I'm busy people text me and reply right away..
Nothing wrong with being a skeptic.
Shouldn't simply use a tool because it's there.
RT :   be sure to check out the success stories of companies that benefited from the 35 advantage....
wow no one follows me so i'm tlaking to myself.
cholesterol?
High blood pressure?
Not good for these people...but looks delish I must admit
Damn, watchin the Badgers win got me stoked for Indianapolis
oh ok
give me back my phone, or you'll never see your computer again.
The KUIK Auction has started log on and start bidding.
Support radio you love.
bit.ly/9Wn1ps
: almost 5Minutes until the BOYFRIENDvideo premieres  get ready LEGGO
Are people liking the kinder, gentler Howard Stern on America's Got Talent?
Not enough edge, or just right?
Same with Outkast  Funky Ride
I have just invented a pass that is way to complicated.
It is overkill, and awesome.
I will be adding it to my book.
i think it would behoove occupiers to hold some sort of vigil for the victims.
Good first inning for Pettitte!
Now let's give him some run support!
Open Jam tonight starting  10pm...great doctornk specials all night!!!
Call ahead to get on the JAM LIST.
Know of any emac students doing interesting things on the outside?
We want to know!
Racial professorling is unAmerican and counterproductive in keeping us safe
Rereading Asimov's Foundation.
I forgot how good it is.
A bit dated.
Everyone smokes, for example, but still a great story.
Happy Good Friday everyone!
Google translate doesn't do latin for crap
Personality marketing is the latest trend in branding in an era of information overload, virtual relationships  ADD
Lets get Solisten to play on in NEWYORK!
I find it funny how oomf is talking shit about pregnant women..when it was a pregnant woman tht brought his stank ass into this world
Hey, uh...neighbor?
Your alarm is going off.
It's midnight.
And I'm trying to sleep.
Think you can do something about that?
Hillis is my homeboy.
whats good my man?
Did you call last night?
I got an unfamiliar number.
In any case how you doing bro?
which burger is that?
Doesn't look like a sticky monkey?
cough racist RT Whats this the white guilt segment?
Excited and humbled to be in this show.
Please help to make it see the light of day.
Spread the word!
Thanks so much.
Rediscovering my obsession with Amy Winehouse's Back to Black album.
np You Know I'm No Good
Lucky those made it to Nobel Prize!
How many died before they even get there due to manipulation of invisible sensors  Qigong?
oh shit!
I remember that haha I personally favored ninja turtles
What did we miss?
No tweets from how will I know how the ranger really are doing
I have a wedding this weekend lol.
Big Dog!
RT : First day at Chrysler...
We in the money...
Lol
Check outvthe 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs  stratejoy.com !
Share a laugh, feel inspired, leave some love!
:
Worst night of my life!
My car broke down in the middle of nowhere nd my fone was dead fml!
Next stop...
Dunkin donuts.
I love you Niall
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
May have had something to do with my instructor  Enjoy Colorado!
Aw Thanks Lady!!
conscious beings
Wade throwing batting practice
Twitter should have a claws fur dealing with bad cat puns.
I Manxious enough already.
Happy Year of the doctorgon Everyone!
I saw them last night at the Share This Party were amazing!
TUFF loss for the Coyotes.
Excited to her socialmedia insights from Michael Stelzner of Definitely my fav social media resource.
GM, lemme know how that works for you
Ma goes to her purse, pulls out a camera for the babe, and a red bull for dad
I've never doctorven one of those, but I bet I could have a ton of fun with one at the MidOhio racetrack.
:D
Ever wondered why the people on those TV makeover shows never seem to get dirty on the job site?
Me too...
omg Austin is so cute when he sleeps!!!!
yep.
and then I took it down 2 hours later.
I'm a bit more trusting than most.
:
My phonebill is going to be insane this month
A little girl just screamed you're pretty!!
at me
yo man DM me your info.
forgot to get it.
S/o to the dudes that lied and said that they cared about me!!
People in Chicago: do not ride in cab 912, he would not pick me and Charlie up today and take us to his vet appointment.
favorite bball shoe of all time?
oh nice!
haha pretty sure you know as much as I do about what it take.
You just got to do it!
No problem!
Good luck tomorrow!
Oh why the loss of followers :
very cool
grew up here came back for the weekend to visit friends.
Hope you're enjoying my hometown!
Check out the new video teaser for TransatlanticMore Never is Enough.
www.radiantrecords.com
lol too funny
Showing some support from Gambino and Darichboyz Urocktour success here we come time to Travel the world
WTF is pennhillslies TT for?
I live in Penn HIlls.
IT SUCKS!
Funny to see it trending though!
Want to learn to change oil on my car.
1 It would save , and 2 it would give me something interesting to say on twitter afterward...

I LOVE YOU
Together we are Giant ...
so good to see you too sir!
:
your welcome: haha
If you have a holiday event coming up  need a DJ, get in touch with He's awesome!
brand new???
Can't wait for BUZZOVEN on Feb 15!
It's been many years Richmond.
The RETURN OF BUZZOVEN on FEb 15
not a damn thing is going on i am so very bored right now ..
awesome!
We're already starting to think about next year.
Job hunting 
Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.
I've put in a few DISH Network satellite systems in Mariposa.
It's a beautifully designed community!
New Mexico Satellite Man.
NO Davy Jones!!!
:' RIP Davy Jones
im still looking for another music video to do in june.
so far I only have one and I need at least 2 more.
Not sure I understand correctly...
Are you looking for a designer or are you a designer looking for work?
that's good:
I remember when people liked music for music.when it was real and based on their life.
What happened to all that
Typical Wednesday night: full up on veggie pho for dinner and now sipping Malbec and reviewing a manuscript at Aster in Blard.
Love McAdoo's game.
Go figure  MT : What happens among individuals with mandatory mail offered a retail 90 alternative?
Most preferred mail.
i wanna write a song ...
a song that's good.
IM GOOD IM JUST ANNOYED ABOUT TRAFFIC SIFAJJSODKDIFJS HOW ARE YOU
So ...
now that you are home are you back in the present?
I know what's going to happen to u in 2 hrs because I'm in the future :P
I don't like you I just think you're hot and I check your Facebook 30 times a day lololol what kids in my school tell me
Oh my gosh I cant see like anything without my glasses.
I have the worst vision ever.
I now realize where I get my dangerous ass doctorving skills from.
Today's Soups: Cream of Spinach, Chicken Dumpling,  Chili
hell yeah we are
idk.
I'm not on senior board.
TheWalkingDead continues to make strides, but Lori has got to be the dumbest f'ing character in the history of TV.
We're Skyping with 's mama and grandma.
It might be the funniest video chat ever.
His grandma is Betty White 2.0.
Everyone wish a happy birthday!
And if you're not following her, do so, thank me later.
I'm so serious when I say WHO WANTS TO MAKE 1,000 DOLLARS A WEEK FROM HOME, NO SELLING...its my job to make sure you actually do it
Couldn't agree more, if there is no website, I think twice about going there.
When a girl follows you It means she wants you for sex right?
Thanks for the RT!
Good seeing you again.
Kyle did very well in the studio session.
Definitely seems eager to take up the banner and run with it.
Four more days for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies at Burgerville!
Hope everyone is enjoying the sun!
please follow mei love yu so much 3 3 please i love Glee and i love Quinn 3 please follow me
Hey, musesocial gang, what do you think of art museums on tumblr?
On pinterest?
Should we be there?
If so, what should we be doing?
RT PLZ!
Need a 2nd chance?
Know someone who does?
IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords!
Call us  share this plz!
:  TYTY
Very proud of you baby girl!
Your word is everything.
RT : I'm just a kid but I know how important it is 2 keep ur word.
sex..y
Today will be the death of me.
Especially next period
Kid today in my PE class tried to tell me my were terrible.
So I hit em with a dodegball.
playoffs gospursgo don't wry he's ok lol
Oprah has more than 10m so maybe that's what it will require to reach true bliss.
Send lawyers, guns and money.
Dad, get me out of this.
So, optical fiber is better, faster and more flexible than traditional copper
College life is keeping me busy!
awesome hand shake but an even better good bye!
Head up shawty I will greatly miss you!
We only gonna create more memories!
i agree
I don't know how anyone else feels about it, but I think if RG3 really wants to be the face of the Redskins he really needs to cut his hair.
Just followed a person back..
RT : Our FF in Leadership are and Grateful!
Found a secrete compartment in my car today.
Now, what to put in there...
BOL see!
I no where u live lol
Rediscovering a lot of things I forgot.
AH!
BEST FRIDAY THE 13th EVER!!!!!
don't think that exist seis de mayo is today
Just kidding,scared of bovine beasts!!!
Too big!!!
New season of Project Runway starts in 2 hours and 20 minutes!
with who
Had fun 2day with my bestfriend n her friend friend...
lol
Opposition testimony to HB 1228 mainly focused on generalities not on actual opposition to bill language.
U can take NewEngland out of that tweet.
Order sent to Rodeo in TX!
cnnnye Happy New year from Chardon, Ohio!
Kathy Griffin is such a randy little mynx...
Around family for holidays now I can say I've seen my grandfather doctornk...
Blue Ivy huh?
...
Blue Steel!
What's going on with the site?
Time to make some homemade pizza and watch a movie
If I had your love, I'd be happy :
Just listened to The Barefoot Executive EXCELLENT!
Will buy the bound edition soon...
very soon.
Back in town!!!
Anybody need to buy a home??
yall still on the road ?
That was fascinating.
Thanks for sharing.
I know!
We actually joked about finding one to attend!
LOL!
The need for someone to sit down everyone involved and say Look assholes, here's how it's gonna be?
Aint really had a great day!!
Food wasnt great and y girl just accused me of having a hicky!!
WTF
May you have a wonderful Good Friday.
See you tonight at 7pm for a service that will prepare you well for Easter.
trying so hard to be patient for the SoListen video, and paradise.
But HUUURRRRYYY!!!
omg i'm your 22 follower :
NAB NAB NAB NAB
10 Target GiftCard w/ Purchase of 50 or More via
Good morning!
Lucky day.
I made a small deposit on cake poker and now find out there is no way to cash out.
Min.
500 for check.
Cant use other.
This true?

that's totally inspired.
:
but let's invent Wine with Friends'  much more fun!
Plus, it might be harder to get thrown off your flight.
The office got weird
Thank you!
I've been looking forward it since last Christmas, it was snowing as I sipped the delicious winenew tradition ;
On this day in 1789, George Washington was inaugurated as the first president of the United States.
What's got you up late?
Or maybe it's early where you are...
Catching up on the DowntonPBS finale.
Maggie Smith's Do you promise?
to Carlisle is just perfect.
your phones broken awesome but now I got to listen to you complain about it for 50 min
hey there are some real assholes out there everyone!
Stay cautious.
Finally accepted that you're a nice boy.
that's great!!
I just left there..
Trying to get the bicoastal thang happening mayb I can get some advice on the scene
thanks for lunch and the sangria!!!
Hey Interview me, just because.
Congrats on your BEST ACTOR award at the barebonesfilmfestival!
when ii meet justin im gonna be like your shoes untied, make him bend down AND SMACK HIS BUTT ;
Something tells me you don't need to worry about the gym.
Twix ice cream bar is far superior to Snickers.
that shark was crazy scary/damn no more body boarding for me.
get faded just like a flat top
can't see the total!
Have you heard?
We're on 90.1 WFYI.
Listen in and when you hear our name, tweet about it!

What's your favorite doctornk/bar in Chicago?
We'll send you a 1 doctornk, but we're certain you'll want to send some too.
JMo anyone?
Do you have a blog or somewhere else online where you write?
why ppl keep challenging you man you gots the energy pimpin keep it goin cant wait to see u blowing up
Is crab legs an option?
Because I would order a lot of crab legs
I asked my mom if she would cry if I get married, she said No, I would cry if you get a job.
revoke access to twitter from any outside apps, that might help
Happy Birthday Jeffrey!
Hope you have an excellent day sir!
This is belated, but big props to Jesus for not shamelessly begging for retweets on his birthday.
pr20chat Thanks for a great chat, everyone!
If you want to be added to one of my Twitter lists or connect with me on LinkedIn, dm
who's we?
Lol
Does your perception match the reality?
It's my mom's birthday today.
She is the best.
:
Feeling like a zombie!
you racist fuck
I once slapped a bitch cause' she wouldn't show me her tits.
not sure if serious...
Late to the party on this Black Dice album, but...
DAMN
How was your day Doni?
By the way Happy Mothers Day:
Nervous laughter happens, but try not to have it happen while discussing the Nazis
if doublestandards are fun, I am having the time of my life.
No water  no pizza, and that makes us sad.
We'll be opening at 4 once it gets turned back on.
Thanks for all the advance notice, DCWater.
You two crack me up...
pies  baseball....
Good old fashioned banter??!!
Did you see that sick layup by Galo!!?
YES!!!!
RT : Shout out to Miss Jackson Looking Fresher than a Mofo..at 45!!
.'s looking pretty good this year.
The only artist missing on the line up is soundtribe.
thingsthatpissmeoff everything on tv is a fuckin reality tv show no dance show or a singing contest !!
i miss tv shows i miss funnie
For where your treasure is, there also will your heart be.
Matthew 6:21
watch the notebook
Holy balls.
Freaking out now guys.
Pius XI is entering the Woodland in 201213 for all sports.
Muskego takes Pius XI's spot in the Classic Eight.
Hot sub getting engaged is probably the worst thing to happen to every single boy in HF
I know, right?
Haha!
Oh, well ...
duct tape IS silver!
:D
Congrats Michael.
Great things happen to great people.
You've earned it.
Michael CoeSB Champ
yes.
Minus the tree delivery..
Oh well.
Onward with the shrubs.
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Congrats to my Nephew Cody Patterson signed letter of intent to play football at College of the Redwoods.
This Friday at 7pm my trio is at Somethin' Jazz 212 E52nd St, NYC with Marcos Varella Bass  Bruce Coxdoctorms.
Swing by and dig live jaz
Liberty Hill beats CC West Oso 6851 in a Boys 3A regional semi.
Will meet CC Miller in Saturday's final.
also do not go see Gforce because i heard it did bad at the movies
Shut the fuck up with all the 2012 stuff, no man knows when the world will end.
Hailing in ffx
NSD AND AUSTIN DAY!!
:
Q: What's your costume for Halloween?
maybe it's your twitter icon
NowPlaying Chillout Worlds  The Best Of The Extreme
If Michael Sadler and Lady GaGa did a duet, it'd be called the GaGa Saga.
I'm one of the only people who can cheer my sister up .
Let me know what you're looking for....
Thanks !
Amen to that!!!
Hawks ticketing staff participating in pictures to come...
He loved her, he trusted her, he made one mistake, he lost her.
I feel like I should watch Labyrinth today in honor of
Who said that?
Had Qdoba's for dinner.
So much better then Moe's.
Feeling nervous for all of my loved ones in Arlington!
Prayers!
Who travels for love finds a thousand miles not longer than one.
Japanese proverbs
Just keep doing what you love and the experience will come: Lots of hard work but worth it!!
Hahahah, gets wind :
Did you call your mother today??
Happy Mother's Day!
3 papers down.
1 to go.
people who make things awkward 
Just Announced with Father John Misty at July 7th.
No priest jokes, please!
Love Doesnt Need To Be Perfect, It Just Needs To Be True.
Looking for scholarly research on the educational value of storytelling...
anyone have a resource to share?
lol !
It's so cute:
salty my Michael Jackson shirt messed up...damn
you got it!
CookRequired for a newly refurbished play area near Newark.Experience of working in a commercial kitchen is essential, you should hold a v
Who validated your gangsta?
Attending ?
Stop by the LJ sponsor table for a chance to win a Nook Color, Kindle 3G or tickets to our ebksmt!
Insomnia is no joke :
I can't play around with the spirits.
anything that gives you time to be creative without worrying about  is great.
so glad you're enjoying!
i wont judge.
Ill still sit by you at lunch.
.
Think one of you could fix it where I'll get the TV Guide earlier than everyone else?
that's because the internet is made of BACON
Yup!
Andoctorw Prinz  Scott Cortez bliss RT : astrobrite w/none other than in tow, as well!!
must.
monitor.
breathing
Well, my judgment includes plenty of experience with editing, haha
I am discussing cuts to TANF at a Committee on Human Services hearing going on right now.
shout out to everyone who follows me !
:
Steel Cur Oatmeal.
Takes about 1/2 an hour on the stove but worth it!
Not sure why..
but registrations are closed..for What gives?
We now have a corporate office
I know It will take a Xmas miracle for TU to win.
Just really want Blankenship to do well.
what type
Damn you had all angles covered tonight!
Lol
KNX brings 'On Your Corner' to Anaheim Resort Area on April 20  OCRegister
Where did January go?
Finish the month with our Detox, Twist  Flow Workshop  Sun.
Jan.
29 from 1:00pm3:00pm with Niya.
It looks like Gossip girl episode 19 this season is gona be surprising as much as 2011 is !!!!.
i suppose i definitely don't dislike confrontation.
Or double negatives.
My mom thinks I should b stocking shelves at Target.
She sees that as a huge step up from writer/producer/editor/director.
happy birthday to me
thank you very much.
I appreciate the message.
I must not doctornk enough water.
Look people, Ron Paul named his kid after his hero, Ayn Rand.
This should tell you all you need to know about him.
Happy Friday!
There are more than 260,000 teachers doing incredible work in this state, Padilla introducing SB 1530 regarding teacher dismissal
for a guy to do
Beautiful Sunday beautiful brunch.
Happy Easter friends!
Where is your favorite cookies from?
We just discover yummiest treasures
Check my background fareal !!!
You already know, I Get DOWN!!!
Someone has to have a link to that Tamistern Hall clip.
I'll be away for a while!
You know, being a test pilot isn't always the healthiest business in the world.
Alan Shepard, US first man in space on this day in 1961.
Thanks for the RT!
Any chance I could get a copy of Endsley's original technical paper?
It's NOR DOC 8783.
haha yeah really
Watercooler OH: Passiveagressive behavior in reality television
Did the same for Biden whom I met in Baghdad Iraq in 2010 D
Hope everyone just caught that Aaron Rodgers' E:60 piece.
Really happy to call that guy my quarterback.
Ready to wrap up with a great panel, thank you MSLA!
Did you know that a healthy mouth can reduce rheumatoid arthritis pain?
See J Perio, Apr 2009.
Learn more: www.closys.com/research.html
Tacos for breakfast, HELL YA!:
love today's blog!
:
I hate evening business meetings.
Planning and Zoning.
My only hope is that we're first on the agenda or we could be there until 10:00.
Jane Lee and Hiroshi Senju.
One or more may have just been books we ganked off Huff's bookshelf.
shit bored out what's up
Or any fee's
Bidding on my afundforjennie auction is now closed.
The final bid: 100.
Branyon with the bases loaded and one out
follow my friend
So excited for with this weekend
now i could've either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned...
I need to get a free flight to marry my best friends in San Diego
Zombieland.
Another awesome movie ;
is always getting her fitness on!
Thanks 4 coming 2 spin class!
She'll get thru that Airforce bootcamp easy!
100Athlete!
are there any new dunk sb's coming out this month
so many to choose from!
Zotero seems to be working for me so far!
So chalmers.
Get the last shot.
Innotrac to Present at 2012 Internet Retailer Conference and Exhibition  Sacramento Bee
They can't the data plan expired.
Jus made my new Twitter
Hm.
829.
There's the kicker.
Of course the one I want is 829.
Back to just one of them.
i'm hearing it more than seeing it, but I know Lamar is flooded
May or may not be suffering from a nervous breakdown.
Yes!
Or like The Green Mile.
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You...................
Good luck Lady Golden Bulls!!!!!
we could have takin you?
07 Hidden Ridge 55 Slope Cabernet.
Sleeper worth searching for.
Big nose.
Thick mocha, pepper, dark berry, oak.
30 sec finish 93 pts
omisteris so freakkin hard  now
Love the photo, doctor!
I'm totally going to rt ur number lol
Dinner for Lunch.
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
I want to start a heavy metal trio and call it Threeitnam.
I told Edward I'm having a bikini part,but instead he walks to my house in his underwear!
ready I'm not even gonna open up the link and guess its alcohol.
More specifically a Bud light lime???
Am I right?
Everyone have a safe and happy holiday.
Manchester United vs Everton later this morning.
We need this win to be one away from 20!
FORZA UNITED!!!!!!
Back in town after a nice vacation on Hilton Head Island.
Now to catch up on email....
After a night at the Union Terrace and the Greenbush, Erin says nights like these make me sorry for anyone who doesn't live in Madison
tell that to Wade Boggs
Potatoes are gonna' potate.
I have my parents to thank for that, those pesky bloodlines :
boo uptown, yay downtown.
Thank you!
Don't forget to ShineYourDivine with us from time to time!
Mary LouiseParker, Ving Rhames,  James Woods will be filming JamesysBoys in Baltimore starting on March 5th!
BREAKINGNEWS  FOX 12 is breaking into programming right now with the latest on a threealarm fire burning at Woodburn High School.
make them one then decide
Lol you're such a loser
Anthony you know that was not nice to beat my team.
Glad to see you doing well.
Congrats
you better be bringing some of them out west!!
If you an artist of any kind music sculpture whatever after you have established a hometown base You Must TOUR somewhere!
Get out Get Going!
deserved every one of the GRAMMYs won!
She's amazing
Watching victorious.
CAN I PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK?!!!
What's the best way to reach hardworking, lower income earners in Lex?
Tea time?
Quilt time.
hipster grandmas :
Building Dashboards for Recon...
the joy...
i am going to commit suicide if doesnt follow me!
take note from the Phillipines for doctor cracked skin!Use 1/4 cup of ginger, 1/4 cup of limes;chopped finely and rubbed onto problem areas!
So anyone who attends a college athletic event that's open to the public must pass background check?
How could tOSU have known?
is the cake for a girl?
You could be a gentleman yet!
i am launching an original music site to raise  for death row dogs.
Will try to come to your fundoctoriser.
aw!
RT : just heard the Met's players are going to have the beastie boys as their walk to the plate...
Also, hope they didn't OH me say to him Hey, wanna watch season six of Friday Night Lights?
Did I mention the Brewers only have one out against the Cardinals in the 9th?
This is not over.
Its funny to hear people in miami talk about getting peyton manning.
Bastards
A few more years!
That moment when you realize you've lost your phone
Judge Smyth says he hasn't seen the ad.
Prosecutor Leon Schorr says he hasn't seen.
Says prosecution not involved in campaign
was nice to RT my post.
Wonder if he will ever accept my invite to spend an evening in Cincy?
how was ur sound check r u still sleepy plaza retweet or answer me or follow me
Were you at the Monfort Lecture last night?
Trying to CHANGE THE WORLD?
Blog about it on MyCSU!
Email .
tired and tooth hurts.
Guess I'll play some more DC Universe.
Searching for new SB party food ideas.
Starting w/'s cookbook Eva's Kitchen.
Love the stories  tips  recipes!
RT : Great teachers don't take students to a destination...
they give them the tools to get there on their own.
usually critics hating a movie means I will love it.
Those who can, act; those who can't become critics
Hello to the new delicious hearts
Makes you wonder if she was an iubb fan before they were together RT : Please, ESPN, no more shots of Cougar and Meg Ryan.
High of 80 degrees here today!!
It's never this warm in March.
I love it!
:
50 Madison definitely:
Attending creative practice boot camp At the curb center
With the violence story local media had the well founded excuse of fear but now?
10 stila Exclusive Palettes!
I'll be in this weekend!!!!
How's it going twit fam?
Hope everyone is having a great week!
I know you're probably looking forward to the weekend like us
5 strikeouts in a row?
Not very good.
looks awesome friend
Chihuahua hugs.
3
Awww what a cutie!
Don't hit on me while you're with your dad...
How does one react to that?
I keep trying to turn off the lights downstairs in my kitchen and living room because it's too bright can't turn off the sun.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
whitney is not dead!
My doctormmer just bought an 8 ball from her
: ReRecording EVERY song for the album!
Wooooop!
I can't wait!
Twitter can be confusing sometimes.
Like you're back in 6th grade and the only kid not in on the joke.
like why you should win and tell them about urself.
they want interesting and yeah stuff like that haha
Omar Infante with The Miami Marlins first home run!!!!!
thanks!
Did you spy the damsel can too?
Been a long time.
Randomly was in LA last night and caught your show.
Great times and music as always.
Hope you are well.
working, working and sometimes playing!
how about you?
it okay everyone pretty in there own way!!!
:
I can't remember what song i wanted
Wow!
This made it to Nashville.
Sweet.
Look out, Tennessee, here I come!
So, who's going to win tonight's SuperBowl ...
New York Giants or New England Patriots?
And what's going to be the score?
nobody's getting sassy
Thanks, it's a lot of fun.
You wouldn't believe the amount of insight we get from only working with unscripted business owners.
best advice: watch out!
hubris and omniscience are UR greatest weakness.
if U always win, C U on the cover of forbes.
; D
IWishTheyWouldBringBack arrested devolpment!!!
That was the best show ever!
It was the most PC name I had in mind, but reviving another blog is good.
OK LETS DO THIS!
I want to see your post on Tuesday
Oh dear, he better run for cover.
I'm going to abuse him.
Ha.
is one of the top 8 on TheVoice tonight!!!
I'll post the number up later.
Every vote counts!!!
what color should I get my braces next week?:
hey cutie.
You're welcome!
help!!!!!
Get me out of this so call magic city!!!!!
My boys probably know everything about me, so they know exactly what to do to annoy me haha
Getting scooped on a story is the greatest fear in the world of journalism.You will definitely get coverage if competition is introduced.
Thanks John!
I really appreciate the kind words and your help spreading the stat.
FridayReads Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins
I saw the hunger games today it was so good amazing I want to see it again!!!!!!!!!
Almost had to fight a raccoon on my walk home from work....
those things are much bigger than I thought.
It may have been able to take me...
Even the sun sets in paradise...
I wanna get super wasted tonight but I get off at 10:30pm.
: FML
The wild thing living in me is crying a little bit.
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Thank you for know childoctorn and the child within us so well.
It's fun to stay at the YCMIU!
Hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Bsst  success.
Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone.
www.friendsofhowardfootball.org
lmao me neither
Why is Fox News still on the air?
Yoga and Tea...
Perfect combo!!
Feel so much better afterwards :
tigers need one right handed middle relief pitcher to be able to go an inning or2?
If dotel goes 2, then he is lost 4 tmw.
God Bless Him!!!
where the fuk are you ?
I have a lifetime membership to epicenter but haven't gone in eons
wow 91st min disturbed
I just realized Im madly in love itch Natalie portman but I don't know how to tell her
thanks for the mention!
Love that pic!
My hair at night
Johnson Publishing is looking for an experienced PR pro in Chicago.
Reach out with any recommendations...
I'm gonna smile and nod from now on like a bobble head ..
Haha cause my brain has gone to mushy mush ..
Ever feel like that?
MISTY you rock!
My encore career is helping baby boomers adjust 2 new normal/teaching at U of Denver.
Retired after 22 yrs  WMT
Honors class lunch today at the steakhouse 
Man, the jazz crowd went so silent, it was as if Jordan just jayed up BryanRussell again.
Effin holy week, all I want is some oysters on a half shell, but everywhere I go is too crowded!
This doesn't seem like fasting christians.
partners in crime last night.
Thanks for following.
I just hope you fall down some stairs.
I think the world with make more sense to me as soon as I master Spanish.
Capitalism, Socialism  Communism will not work if the people that control them have no morals or high standards.
Look who leads now  vote!
Pathetic pathetic pathetic.
Anyway to create a custom wordpress publication status for a CPT?
i.e.
Archive in addition to Published, Pending Review,  doctorft
you make everything fun!
Hugs!
I'm sure you could deepfry it...
:
Awwhh why nott???
:c  please follow me i always ask you but you never do :
Washin my hair always makes me feel refresh
haha ok will do.
Yeah my bro got David Wright on his fantasy team and I thought of you ; Roberts still hurt?
i gotta go to school.
We're in high school.
There's no need to fight over fucking seats...
I already have a job in northern indiana!!!!!!
Thanks for the shoutout.
Hope you'll jump into the conversations underway there.
:
Celebrating bannedbooksweek by finally reading Nineteen EightyFour.
Just got my first paycheck since Feb 2010.
Whew!
THANK YOU Interview jobsearch
RT : Peyton Manning has not eliminated any teams he he met with  yet.
Now comes the Titans today.
Great things have to crash back down at some point, right
Hopefully I don't have any homework.....
yes yes !
End of the second half, USF 0  0 RU.
Going into overtime.
Come on you Bulls!
Constitution Day Observance t Medgar Evers on September 17th.
Voter Registration doctorve during the day.
Yeah, they've been up to that since 6:15 this morning.
RT : Got in the fall play at LU!!
Come see The Last Nights of Ballyhoo October 29 November 12!
Great service tonight.
Looking forward to tomorrow am All who gather in the holy place, bless the Lord
It was a real sweaty morning.
Shout out to .....
the halloween party yesterday was a hit
Tune into now for a special on the film festival
That awkward moment when you bother a customer who you thought was a salesperson.
Lol i'm so tired and I have a shit load of stuff to do today.
Is Bristol Cider a reference to a style or just location?
Love your new CD Hullabaloo...can't wait to blast it in traphic I love when heads turn and mouths doctorp....Tee hee
Good morning!!!
Hope you have a great day!
Thank you!
Let us know if you have any ideas for board themes.
Rolling in K' achievement on  it's a fun ride!
time to get classes!
It's sponsored by INCTV, overall controlled by our US Bureau.
Executed by District INCTV bureaus w/ collaboration from CFO.
I haattteeeeee making decisions
I am because I'm not watching the Super Bowl next week.
doctornk and now doctornk HAPPY NewYear !!!!!!
Honors English workbook.
Especially when you can't find the answers online
I wanna win a ticket to the and party at WPPI!
Here We Go Lakers Here We Go!!!
I Believe!!!
Happy Martin Luther King Jr.
Day, Madison!
Rock shop can't contain the power of BNP.
Soon Madison Square Garden.
After that...All must bow down to your new BNP Overloards.
ewww you like those??
I know!
Miss ya, little brother : maybe I'll go to LA this summer if you're performing
Omg this resturant is wird and nasty..i want some freaking
hey girlie did you ask yo momma about the bag?
See you all tonight!!!
just got my renewal notices for Tiger Beat and Spin!
today!
Head west young man.
I'm on my way to Cali.
not falling asleep anytime soon
WHAT IT DO!!!
YOU KNOW YOU SHOULD NEVER BURN BRIDGES
Back sippin a Cherry Fat Dog Oatmeal Stout on cask.
M
Pure genius RT : Maybe a tattoo on your butt check saying Ryan Braun was here.
Funny how the third toy story even gets you adults.
I felt the same:
Happy New Year to you too!
We're just doing some lowkey celebration here.
Today is one those days where the words and feelings can't be expressed!
Therefore I must slap a ma'fucka!
Lucky you!
Post your favorite Office Equipment Jokes here!
:
Oh and they are a homophobe.
your interviews with Alan Carr are hilarious!
Haha : x
on KOBE  tryna get the ball from ??
I CANT deal Ima bout 2 cry
I got stuck in my alley but I did make it to work, eventually.
I want some of those Big Bang LeBrons now, but the resale prices are.
is researching the Wysong optimal feline diet!
You heading to Capital tonight for Common Thread tapping, or Alchemy for KBS?
Last session: Audience Building with , ,
Hey do you have a free moment?
Corey booker how come the homeless are in penn station station here on Newark and police don't say nothing and get them out it's annoying
the producers made me!
I have not seen one attractive cheerleader all tourney.
Supreme Court rules Black can file libel cases in Ontario  Toronto Star
you know i watched that video on your youtube page many times to get those lyrics right?
Getting started with Cloud 101 by Great crowd!
Are you here?
Use Phorum12 when tweeting.
Thanks!
Wish the police could have been more on the ball and set up a dummy home phone  for the zimmerman case
FUCK I'm depressed and tired but my thoughts are eating away at my head so I can't sleep
well have a great nite!
Hate being the only one up in my house I be bored
: Brian really looking forward to testing the Swingbyte.
greatproduct.
Cheers, Brad!
Why didn't you answer my phone call?
Oh, sorry I was dancing to the ringtone
There are some very normal and acceptable things that become abnormal and socially unacceptable when done alone; like laughing.
Thank you!
Have a lovely day and happy writing.
:
I love you to death 3 Bella3
my obsession with storagewars is completely unhealthy.
just spent the morning listening to Circle K in Mt.
Vernon.
Definitely not feelin' being at school today.
: Startup Machine would love to have you come out to next time we're in town!
its just so much better that way, isn't it?
:
Jesus fed 5000 people with one fish.
Holy mackerel.
I'm counting!
: RT If anyone's counting, that's 1 run for the new look Miami Marlins in 18 innings of play so far..
Thanks for the mention Pablo.
Have a great day!
Waaah I didn't even start on my lab report..
RT Thanks and everyone who attended for a great reading Northeastern today!
Panama City A Place Where Young Adults Get Buck
What a great compliment.
Thanks Kim!
Lol Its ok .......
Not the best I think but alot of other people like it but the song makes me want to dance!
Happens like twice a week anyhow!
lol RT : im unfollowing you!!!
It actually means haver of a seminal numetal band.
Listening to President Obama's online live speech at the LGBT reception
thanks!
its very homey w/ a lot of character  we're so excited!
seems like a great neighborhood.
girls night in store pronto!
It's not anyone elses life, but yours...so live it up
I need somebody I can truly Fuk with
Well, it's only taken me...45 minutes to write the intro to this paper I'm writing for my Child Development class.
FML 
I need more guy friends.
Girls cause so much doctorma.
true but are Linux users likely to pay 4 games?
I'm not sure.
Maybe using some kind of freemium model would work
u can talk to her tomorrow tho
kill me.
OT in LakersThunder, CapitalsBruins.
Thank you Lord...
When Leonardo DiCaprio let's go of the door, and sinks to the bottom of the ocean.
Headed away for Spring Break?
Please remove any trash  perishables before leaving.
Be sure to close your windows and lock your doors too!
AW I LOVE YOU GUYS3 you are seriously too cute
I will take the CPLP in 2011.
bitch, I know.
Anyone know a good SQL DBA?
I wanna go out..
/: Then theres TAKS this week...
/:
We JUST left walmart 8/.
Fridge was so weak.
I think Tab is feeling better now.
I was going to settle for soup at first though.
Here we go,,,Wade will win
killed it last night at BITTER END good job
The hubby  I are debating whether 6 Days 7 Nights is a Christmas movie.
Doesn't the opening scene involve Xmas in Manhattan?
Their Some Bad Storms Coming In.
The Lake County Senior Shootout was good until it turnt into a circus!
IDK I just have a gut feeling that they will win a close game tonight
Jimmy Carters in bankers hill.
Getting my pacifico and chili relleno on.
i hope:
great mtg you at the UAFNYSE event!
Very fitting to have a conversation around financial literacy at the
i always think when is apple going to release a TV?
It just seems second nature, yes?
Their monitors are already huge...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
God I hate that so much.
i have a song stuck in my head....
so not even a cool song...
i hate that
RT : JESUS  are you about that life?
Critics: I'm least concerned with dinosaurs when it comes to a Mallick picture.
Unless he would be directing Jurassic Park 4.
Happy Friday!!
How's your weekend looking?
Thank god it's Friday :
I just published my first book and am trying to get the word out!
Check out JulietAnUnpopular!
Is it really the best slice?
Never tried it.
I think being a LakerHater4Life might really pay off with a sense of great accomplishment this year...GO OKLAHOMA, Let's Go up 2gamesNone!
As an educator/parent/engineer, believes you learn by seeing how things are built, and open source hw supports that.
Tommy Shaw of Styx has a birthday today.
Does he remind anyone else of David Spade?
i hope u had fun today of what ever u did
Goat curry at Dwaraka on Hawthorne; I just ate the equivalent in weight of an overgrazed goat.
Yummy stuff!
Cinnamon X.
Defenestration.
:P
STABS COMPUTER
435348N 1145025W  altitude 7,342 feet.
Deep powder snow everywhere, sunshine.
surrounded by mountains peace, fresh air  clean water
it was all news to us!
Sideways calendar for the win!
I just love spending all of my time waiting on your ass.
That's all I do.
Wait.
Watching Mavs game on tv on beach in Ft Lauderdale while vacationing.
Go Mavs!
/cc
Finally be strong in the Lord, and in His mighty power.
Ephesians 6:10
you know you love me c:
Holllllaaaaaaaa!!!
Pregaming time!
RT : Noon time work out is going fuckin HAM :
Hey girl with 20,000 tweets and 14 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fuck up
Where is 41E Studio Cafe?
Is that just a name for an existing locale for the show or an actual place?
next to fosters freeze?
Jus did the treadmill for 45 mins i did 2 miles at the speed of 40 at planet fitness I feel so great!!!
36pounds!!!!!!
baring away.
;
last night was a blast.
now going on a run to sweat out this alchy ewwww
oklahomahomerepair.com is live take a look and tell me what you think
Miami is so funny..
No one is actually wearing a bathing suit to the pool party!
I'm going to bed, Bieber fans were just pissing me off 2night being SO rude towards the voice and every1.
So immature and petty.
Underworld imax 3d...
Wooooww!!!
Amazing!!
Go watch it
This next session challenges traditional thinking of circulation: The Shift in Publishers' Revenue Mix taking place in Ziegfield
Do you own one?
Money Saving Tip 61: Buy a smaller house.
Photographing Robert Cohen's office bright and early tomorrow for Overflow Magazine .
How does the vicar explore the Internet?With the church mouse.
Mine is engaging better.
I need to take time to do it.
RT : What is your biggest Twitter challenge?
need to get outside for a bit
When you come in tomorrow ask for Jeff.
Still need to work on getting you a speakeasy membership card.
New Icon3
Watching life after jaimee foxworth the little girl from family matters that turned to a pornstar.
Her story crazy
Been a while since I stayed at the hilton, and now waiting 20 mins for one check in in SFO, I guess I know why I've been staying
I really need to stop procrastinating and finish packing..
ihavewaytomuchstuff 
NO THE WANTED IS ON THE VOICE
Anyone know how to get a count on the
PS3 Is the shizzzzlee
I know!
cute!!!
Green butterfly today!
:D you must have some green on you I'm sure : love it!
If you're struggling to pay all past dues and special assessments on your condo, Nexus Debt Solutions can help.
Just call 13265155
Softball is the best therapist I've ever had in my life.
Always makes me feel so much better :
you love it
Nothing like an ice cold glass of water with lemons after working up a good sweat.
: Thank you for the Retweet: anytime!!
RT : Thanks for the Premium Salad Coupons for all of our guests!!
It's not even refreshing.
IMHO.
Sorry thereisnolove in the capital!
it's time for a revolution!
when they busted the gnome open was the best!
heey!
iM the shoulder:
takes time.
This is new regimes third season, doctorft is the key.
Remember the garbage that previous regimes left them with?
Michael's guesses for how many letters are in the alphabet: 36, 32, 28
Lol your bf suck at lying!
In the Beginning, God made the Heaven and Earth.
The rest was Made in China.
At the end of the day, this is a job.
Love the new small apple keyboard w/o a number pad.
Provides much better ergonomics for those who mouse a lot!
thanks for the SHOUTOUT
RT The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Scott Hamilton
Yes yes!
I really want to go to the movies, kind of miss it.
greatful.
blessed.
thankful.
Adding NBALeaguePass on via phone is futile: 15minute waits, awful music, poor wknd hours.
The way to go?
Live chat w/
i would never vote for anyone that says they would not defend Israel
: Please refrain from confusing voters with facts and statistics.
gopmath
thanks for the advice ;
It was your heart on the line.
: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam?
Answer: Smart and remembering 911
Just Had a Deja Vu Moment !!!
If your phone doesn't ring, it's me.
homeless dog will launch jan 2012.
music recording starts december 2011 at timewarp.
You're the baudelaire of our time, Jennifer Love Hewitt ...
Pizza it is .
I don't know what to do.
help :
Love the new default
Helluva way to find something positive from this game.
I hate chipotle.
Except for when I want a burrito.
Oh boy oh boy!
Sorry, all sales are final.
These r side and rear seats that are left.
I assume you have a premium seat, center and close.
Yeeesss Love you!!!
Thanks for your support!!
Everybody runs around in their underwear...most of us just cover it up with other clothes...
;
paretns of 8 yr old DC child / Yes  I am ready to reenter workforce but do enjoy making school lunches,
Fuck Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split Bad Boii Babbie R.I.P.
2 Pac
God gave Himself to you: give yourself to God.
Blessed Robert Southwell
it's everything about you, everything that you do, from the way that we touch baby to the way you kiss on me.
3
i voted for you shhh.
Guess dats dat A1 swagg, I said get it bitcccccchhhhhhh lol niggas love me, they bitches hate me.....
I know why!!!!!!!!
;
they're not 'gone', they exist, but have been redesigned.
Nowhere near as tackilywonderful.
Still see them 200 miles before S.O.B.
We're looking for talented actors and actresses with a passion to succeed.
Auditions being held in May...
Are you ready?
Love the picture!!
I thought we were done with the tests and the projects?
Guess I was wrong.
u mean friday ?
RT : What you wearing Saturday?
Why does Brad Pitt look like Ashton Kutcher tonight, and how in the hell does Ashton Kutcher look like Brad Pitt??
They asked Tony about her in the media center lol
Q: which would I need to create a hackerspace lite in my library?
I have only 12 computers and a tiny corner.
I have to watch my best friend die.
Sonja.
What about my sister, huh?
You don't care about your neices medical
They're not inside jokes...
they're: HOLY S!T THIS IS REALLY OUT THERE!
jokes.
They're best described as really funny outside jokes.
you cursed!!!
Temporomandibular joint pain, more commonly known as TMJ, affects many people in more that just pain and discomfort in your mouth.
Since the Devils won four in a row, would that count as a sweep?
they should have courtesy guideline videos on planes like they do in the movies
The courage gene is the single most important trait for the perpetuation of your family line.
Ladies night tonight at the bar!
Half off all doctornk para las chicas!
Im working a Warrior Dash Event with Red Frog.
We will ne working moat of the day tomorrow but I will let you know if we go out
should i send you a Harvard t shirt?
I think yes?
Poker night junk food runs are the best!
Well junk food runs in general are the best!
Infographics graded!
Now all that's left is some spreadsheet wrangling.
Tminus 27 minutes.
Thanks, we had sent you this message before we heard back from you this week.
We look forward to talking when you are ready.
i hate macs so much.
sometimes you just need to relish in the small accomplishments  like making 4 perfectly poached eggs in a row!
If I hear the word Iowa, Romney, Paul, Santorum, Gingrich, Bachmann, Huntsman or Perry one more time I am going to become apoplectic!
Hope you dig the Album...
All indie production!
CD Release Party at the Kendall Pub in Yorkville 4/7/2012
REMEMBER!!!!...THE SHOW STARTS AT 8PM BUT......WE DONT GO ON TILL 1145 SO PLAN WELL..GO NUGGS!!!....N SEE YALL THERE!!!...LETS GO!!!
no hate just dont like politicians...black, white, chinese,,what ever...they DONT care!!!
Alton has built a career on running his mouth about food.
You have built your career on running your mouth about digested food.
do u know
One of the best things that can happen to us in life is to discover that the work we do each day connects to what we believe in.
Live life!
I can't now either Derek and I are going to a party and I gotta get ready but I'll fill you in tomorrow
had to close my eyes RT : Very much RT : There's something disturbing about in a speedo.
I think my grandma stays up later than me, or i have narcolepsy
So excited for this.
Hope this movie is great.
Kinda of hit's too close to home lol.
Sharing with my network of game devs.
That's a great pic.
S/O to, for your welcoming to twitter, much love
I wonder how many clothes hangers I break in one year !
I bet the numbers are astronomical !
Hartmut's Face Got Fingered
Re: hackey sack beat boxing, it's still on.
We'll bring the hacky sacks, you bring the beats.
Let's talk this out next week
Good news on OpEd page: David Brooks is off today.
A sincere thank you to our 1st 700 followers at  We look forward to serving your Poker and Gaming travel needs in 2012 
r u playing Duck Hunt?
Having fun, Florida Girls Miss Ya !
Chocolate cake from Portillo's for breakfast.
SPRING classes are filling up!
Get your brushes, pencils, pastels, and creative souls ready and sign up today.
Classes starting next...
thank you
And Book Hill Park is shaded place to rest above the buzz of Wisconsin Ave.
that would be awesome.
Great idea.
starting twitter acount
book of clouds by chloe aridjis...wow...what a nice change of pace from the instant plot in every other new book...
Happy 420 from the Mile High!!!
As we age, we lose bicarbonate in the blood causing alkalineacid imbalance.
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas A.
Edison via
That's very true :p so are YOU
This nigga LavellCrawford to funny.
Team not bored just sleepy
AZ is the best just like you guys are the best.....
How to professort from a Kindle The Kindle is a hotselling product.
People like reading, and more and more are switching over to digital boo

That's must be why I bought rubber sheets after they put that metal plate in my head.
lmao
The vague answer to the max shutter answer would be around 1/75,000th.
One of the RED engineers told me to email him.
It was like being at a real conference without having to travel and the price was great!
This year were keeping it real.
Ian Poulter on the course for a little over 10 mins has made a double on the 1st hole.
Woops...
5.
Venice beach
Do you have an email addoctorss something can be sent to?
Rehearsal today with BrownRiceFamily!!
thank u for following me
So excited for cousin batch party tonight!
Love extended weekends:
Happy EarthDay!
What do you do to encourage green building?
If I could find Tennessee's bottom, I would paddle it.
Just copy/saved to my Gdocs while at my info desk shift, done.
Prom season approaches!
Can you pitch a story about fashion or finances, safety or selfesteem?
There you go
Why You Askin All Them Questions :D Haha I Love That Video!!!
At this point you've known me long enough that you've no one to blame but yourself for listening to me...
Just sayin'...
Homemade turkey  rice soup, beer bread and mini apple pies with cinnamon swirl crust!
Successful baking afternoon!
I just realized that and are following me on twitter !!!
: That's pretty cool.
It happens...
at least you opened it before you thanked him for getting you a card..
lol
Ready for a great weekends at the boyfriends:
Healthcare is a basic human right!
Lets move forward!
Reform!
Thanks.
We're excited to see you present!
The timing with your launch is perfect!
haha what is it??
AmericanIdol All singers did good.But Jessica Sanchez need 2 find the rt songs to make her even better.
Overall Joshua  Hollie were great.
THANKZ FOR THE FOLLOW
Wanted!
Know a good mom blogger, send them to our blog.
I woke up unexpectedly...
Having to pee.
I wondered where my phone was, so after I found it under the bed!
Lol
Thanks for the follow back
For you classical fans .
.
.
The Boston Popsicles
glee jumped shark
no reference per se..
intellectual pontificating...
but i'll poke around.
glad to keep your mill spinning.
lol I got seeds.
And go buy clone at the weed shops.
Just got have a set up and u good.
I've watched two college girls doctornking Southern Comfort and lime for about an hour without vomiting.
Clearly, they are witches.
Thanks for having me.
I'll try and do your namesake proud.
:
Cool Vatican Library stuff you just posted!
Thanks for posting!
Love the pic of manuscript in the handwriting of Aquinas!
Unrest in Middle East, Natural outgrowth of repressive governments!
Unrest in Europe, Hooligans only out for personal gain!
Thoughts?
Everyone looks for something to blame to make their point stronger
If you eschew lack of veracity, Fox news must doctorve you up the wall.
how nice to hear from you....I was surprised to see your name.
How are you doing?
Hopefully Mexico BGC girls are really BAD!!!
lets go Ron Ron!
Has a surprise for :
YouKnowItsRealWhen that person is just staring at you.
Good night universe
watching on the east coast...
DO NOT MISS tonight's Fringe.
My husband the Bears fan bet me you wont RT He'll wear your jersey to the bar if you do.
I'll have to wear Cutler if u dont
Thanks !
We'll miss cheering you on this year!
I'm at fred meyer's do you need some milkOreos.
There went my chance with him.
Right out the door.
ball to morrow little hoof?
Beverly International UMP Choc.
protein powder is unbelievable.
It may be extra , but totally worth it
This white dude rappin every word to t.i what you know bout that  lmaoooo
Looks like a visit to the gym is in order.
Better to focus on more than just counting citations.
They're lagging indicators anyways.
hm...
Black Canary is super hot, and no one else would be her, I'm sure...
tricky outfit to run in, though!
did great for the video Right By My Side 3
Bm tripping she do shit the wrong
Great start to Easter!
Service at National Cathedoctorl, Brunch at Chef Geoff's, and off to THE West Wing for tour later!
Not really
thanks love I needed that verse
It was really good to meet y'all in Austin  Bryan  Heidi.
Let's do it again next year
keylah needs ah hug Gives Keylah Hug
Great day to go to !
You get in free if you have your debit/credit card :
Dear Windows Phone: Get Your Shit Together
Totally just blurted something out which sounded rude: have maddy ready when I get there so I don't have to linger
Is the classiest player in the NFL.
And of course my favorite player on the Packers.
you've never met me before so how can you call me a bandwagon?
I've had to tell this story a billion times but I became...
FF before his new project becomes an HBO hit.
Then you can brag about how you knew him when he was only a best selling author.
RT The booty club my fav club
I hate getting these DM: Hi someone is saying really bad rumors about you 
The first requirement for becoming all you can be is admitting you aren't currently everything you even think you are.
I want to congratulate on his 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction award!
Way to go, buddy!
love the way you learn while you film!
yeah well let's hope it goes by fast
What might have been...
yep.
Little Tatum.
It's almost time to eat lunch.
She's breastfeeding like a champ!
class tht I'm taking and the global inequalities class tht my partner is taking where we are both discussing the roles of
MTV Movie Awards: 'Hunger Games,' 'Bridesmaids' lead pack  USA TODAY
ah darn I missed you on the 28th;/
Sister DEZZY MISS YOU
I wish I could do yoga on my own.
I'm not goode enough though.
I def need to get back to classes.
the skeleton can not finish his protien shake
Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know.
Jeremiah 33:3
if you need a good blow call :' hmu for the digits!
Thanks to for dinner last night and for their pioneering efforts to connect San Diego's life sciences community to China.
Old Transformers
That day will come!
:
112Minutes on History is taking my breath away right now.
Whoa Remembering9/11
today, i'm blaming everything on solar flares.
thanks..
It hasnt hurt yet
need some help getting your house sold?
Send me the MLS number and I will find some potential buyers for it!
Enjoy the day!!
My doctorams are better than reality, but i sometimes have nightmares.....
Happy Birthday!
I hope you have a great day!
: But don't forget to tell your mom Happy Mother's Day!
I may be overweight but I've got obese plans.
Baer  Need to provide ways for adults in the workforce to return to college...22 attended college, but d/n complete.
whowouldyourather be stranded on a deserted island with , Casey Anthony or OJ Simpson?
Can Wolves keep up their 100 record against Aston Villa?
Check out ESPN 2 right now!
GuysNeedToLearn to prove that were not that bad..
thanks for reading!
Congratulations to Susan Chester!!
She is the winner of the My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday Giveaway :
I miss missing you :
Work hard, stay focused, and surround yourself with good people.
Tom Obsborne iCBallers GOOD NIGHT TWEEPS!
Source: Wikipedia has an entire section...
journalism!
Now problem!!
Hopefully we are getting hot, just like midmay last year.
Is it just me, or does Guillermo Mota kinda look like Raekwon?
Who got some extra headphones they can let me have though ??
I deserve to splurge.
No white trash coffee from Stinker this morning.
I'm going through the Starbucks doctorve thru.
TELL YOU I LOVE :
Decent hit Chipper.
actually isn't it three Years?
Because you joined in may 2010!
ah cool thanks
RT : Just saying is kick a.
True story.
What is your favorite AriZona beverage?
I love the green tea!
Peach iced tea is wonderful too
Oh snap.
: Time flies when your sitting in a conference room playing tetris the whole time
Well, that's no fun!
I even got to use the new voting cards you sick in the machine.
It was awesome!
but that's the good killing they love so much even thou it say to leave judging and justice to him
Do you monitor industry trends?
What's the competiton doing?
Competitive Intelligence research is never sufficient if it's everyone's job.
the shop on LA Ink
I really hope comes to NY.
He deserves a ring!
I respectfully disagree.
No subject should be off limits, the question is how do you approach it and with what skill.
Just donated to and you should too!
They're in need of men's shoes  clothing at this time.
Check them out!
Living good feeling better
Who cares bout u
Hey ChiChat party people, meetings are taking us from participating today, see you all next week.
Rock on
Just ate 3 bagels..
Teddy is a great dog.
She still enjoys life even though she has a bit of cognitive dysfunction here and there.
Fabulous post Julia!
Thanks.
The characteristics of a great female leader and still being defined....
YouWereCuteUntil I realized you were a jerk.
Label GMOs in California!
Big HoS Week!
A great Cyber Monday and tonight, a launch party/tea tasting to celebrate the online store.
Extreme gratitude for all...
Lol, I'm not lazy!
Guys: if you're single, move to North Carolina and find yourself a wife.
Girls like Emily on the Bachelorette are a dime a dozen
The Blazers aren't buying out Felton!?
Are they fing serious?
Watching this kid from Hoover  am glad to see he isnt afraid to speak.
Begin your healing journey at Center for Healing in Harmony!
Race weekend!
Who's pumped?
Thank you for a great consulting case interview webinar and for sharing your insights.
SHIT HE JUST DID.
I HATE THIS PLACE.
Thanks for the favorite!
Are you a Cole Porter fan or did you just think it was clever?
Bondo is incredible in Bob!
See it.
IM JUST STAYIN YOUR MAN WILL NEVER BE ME
Happy our Earth day hommage was paid yesterday.
Nothing better than being home AND inside on a rainy day.
Thanks so much!
We'll have to check out your site as well!
Thanks Lion 90.7 FM for playing Don't Get Around Much Anymore from my Sentimental Swing on your show Jazz Spectrum.
Aloha Pennsylvania!
Welcome to our cold, rainy home...
Hope ya'll remembered daylights savings time Sunday.
If you get up one more time than you fall you will make it through.Chinese Proverb
I lay here in the dark ready for bed my legs start aching like I've walked 20 miles.
Its terrifying to think I may be accidently exercising!
It is!!
Love those sayings!!
i know  I am looking at 400475.
with a connection
lions trying win the big 12 with this doctorft...
Cougar Nation let's welcome our latest signee 610 C Valentine Izundu to the UH family!!!
Newt's pretty good at rabblerousing word salad, I'll give him that
app has been crashing last several days..what's up?
Why not sooner RT : BELIEVE  JUNE 19th!
itz a good ass day itz so nice out hoes callin tellin me to bring da ice out
Survey: staffing, services, hard software, users, workspace, funding, policies, sust., partners, assessment
Some People Change, Things Go Wrong, SHITT HAPPENS..
But Life Goes On.
Did selena  just break up?
Ill give you a SHOUTOUT if u tell me
Both of you guys are great I can't wait for your next album
Ain't that the truth.
Check out D.I.Y.
artists at today Note that Big Freedia had to cancel do to emergency surgery : 10
The American Idol bits at the Fox presentation are tired
Of Course We Will  Sorry
Mertin Bro Rickey!!!
Have a wonderbar day hear??
Much Love from Minnesota!!
Can I ask why the fuck ExxonMobile is so concerned with teaching?
Back tonight with spinning Hip HopFunkSoulParty Classics.
9pm3am No Cover
600 W Chicago soon, please?!?
Greenfield FD on scene reporting nothing showing.
This was report of lightning strike to chimney
With or without bosh!
Whale got my basketball in for the day.
debatable on that.
Check out legal seafood, think they have one the harvor
/// Charlie Wilson nigga.....
Just hit Heading home for a quick pre MemorialDay Weekend trip.
Wish I could see it but glad Austin's coming home to N.Y.C.
WomensHealth: Eat produce at every meal.
Fewer than  of Americans get their recommended daily amount of fruits  veggies.
you follow us, we follow you.
tell your twitter friends!
Of course!!!
Only the good die young
that would be cool...i'm still waiting on an answer!
if i found anything out i'll let you know.
Leticia has the largest Spanish lang religious gift shop in the region  also beautiful leather belts, wallets jewelry  7916 SE Foster
Any way to buy a license for an older version of Eon?
Version 1.2.8?
I still have OSX 10.6 so can't buy from the AppStore
working on FB timeline cover for my client's business page...
started thinking that damn timeline not that bad for advertising!
lol those flats could kill you haha
good color selection...
Guess I will straighten my hair then go to bed
happy birthday, we are closed in the cellar for a private event.
Can we put a csndle in your nachos friday..
Team roots
Hi Doll....
I hope all is well your way!
i have been writing this girl i like poems i dont know when to tell her they are from me when should i tell her?
: 
the awkward moment when lil' wayne starts rapping on t.v.
and you think your t.v.
is glitching
studying for finals that are tomorrow and friday
Redeemed Girls, remember Proverbs 17:22 today.
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength.
I am getting more people/friends on Facebook but I am still twitter dude.I love twitter more then Facebook
Any new music or videos???
if so I am def going to check your page out haven't been on your page in a good while
That would be awesome, which of your players has the best chance?
I'll be working six different greens
Tango Lessons and S.I.N.
Night are happening tomorrow night.
Keep your night open dance fanatics and service industry people!
I meant how are u ?
how do you know there 600?
I think the running code applies to races you DNS not DNF.
I wear my MdO shirt.
I can't believe how much is growing in such a short time.
I remember following him when he had less than 500 followers
I never understood how some people can hurt themselves.
thought u were a laker fan?
Sorry pals, I'm hardly ever able to do last minute HH b/c of the pupster : Have fun!
Had an amazing wknd w/ kids at UVillage, HuskyStdium, Alderwood Mall, Kirklnd Watrfrnt, and of course by the outdoor pools!
I 3
i really wanna go to the csi: the experience in times square :
Thanks!!
We were delightfully surprised!
Anyone win?
cool so
Clint Eastwood on behalf of the 99.
Nice.
Vimeo registration smooth like butta.
No captainhas.
2 second registration.
The way life is meant to be.
RT : And by k I mean fuck you.
Haha i wish i could we have a game in Columbus.
I'll be home 'round 12
I'm pretty sure your work is a public place, and I can go there anytime I want.
today is a pretty good day so far.
if anyone fucks it up will die
Nice neon bar graph from
Want.
To.
Sleep.
I've had TERRIBLE experiences with Mavs fans too.
I consider it a dead tie for 'Worlds Worst Fans'
You are awesome and impressive at the same time.
Didn't know my whereabouts would be tracked just by a tweet.
Is kdlang bummed to look like waynenewton when she was probably going more for a royorbison ?
Mingle often with good people to keep your soul nourished.
A.D.
Williams
Thank you ;
we'll clubbing as soon as I'm back from England on the 26th!!!
Thanks for coming by to learn more about issues facing seniors, and we look forward to your support of policies like OAA.
PD
yep as well as Australia and maybe China
extremely cute funny from what i hear a ltl crazy 2 you really love ur fans u should get a fb and friend any1 that follows u
Planet fitness is nice for now.
Get at'em boys!
COYRapids RapidsThugLife 3 points!
Be sure to have Monster energy doctornks on the sideline :
pretty close :P or u should just fly here?
RT Michael Vick, a trending topic on Twitter.
Time to forgive and welcome him back to NFL.
We've treated child molesters and murder
Hay what happens to ur sister
Thanks!
Eleanor, it was wonderful to see you again yesterday.
Good luck with the start of the semester!
YOLO is the Motto .
once described NYC as a bipolar boyfriend: when it's good, it's GREAT.
When it's bad, it's TERRIBLE.
Gotta say, that's spoton.
Been getting worked!
But its all paying off.
Training day 12!
Lego.
just made well over 100 cookies for BBQ today.
Our last California BBQ!
I can't post a photo right now.
Fuck you facrbook.
Happy Easter!
w/ team  a gorgeous day to play with numbers!
30  Girls will be at Central tomorrow for our Sushi  Champagne Dinner Party .
The new site looks really slick
Hopefully next time I will get to skate.
Today I took advantage of the wifi to get some work done while they had some fun!
follow these guys now!
Real music is back!
once a week would be nice!
: Will be giving away a few copies of iFlat 3 tonight..to win just RT and follow Random pick.
GL!
I did lol I was there 4 months, I'm just young and free
Tlk to my lucky Libra today :
RT : Thanks for all of the help today!
Still trying to ge to 1000 twitter followers by 2010!!
Let's go!
Congrats to Julia Zimmerman!
You're the winner of our Day Out with Thomas ticket giveaway from the The Official BO Railroad Museum!
Enjoy!
followed!!
: thanks for followning us
Wisconsin hadn't had a transfer since 2006 either, so ...
Could happen anywhere and you wouldn't know.
Hope everything is good across the Pond........
Show some love!
Help us reach our 135 goal by tomorrow  get something in return!
indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
I'll be covering MemorialSun Prairie and StoughtonOregon and will be at WaunakeeDeFo and RandolphCW Christian.
Wish I could be at dlfforum curatecamp for cataloger/coder discussion
4 more days...
Trying not to be so anxious!!
I don't feel like feeling angry or depressed today.
I just wanted things to keep going smoothly.
And I don't feel like blaming myself.
Just seeing this comment.
Not sure anything justifies emotional, mobmentality lynching.
Even factual correctness.
High doctorma at the HHSinnovates awards ceremony.
Check out who's next Packers//www.fanfeedoctorcom/nfl/greenbaypackers?id0e5fe8a84a8f5fd2b16dc2a3ca2c28e0
In honor of Christopher Hitchens today I will be a contrarianwait, I always am, sothen a doctornk?
And his earnings per day are four times mineand all these numbers are growing quickly
Thanks for sharing our post!
Your daughter is very smart!
I didn't realize I was so attractive to you until you decieded to leave and walk away.
Yuck
I don't want to join yelp, just because I've hooked up with enough guys that there'd probably be a ton of negative reviews for my vagina.
fantastic.
please come say hi this summer!
i'm on 17 at 550.
keep in touch and bug me anytime.
At NSTA12?
Check out some of the 18 sessions presented by our Fellows!
Also, stop by Booth 1832 to say hi!
NBA Season is warming up with some exciting games.
Chicago Bulls to face Sacramento Kings on 29th Dec.
Buy your tickets NOW: 8884930004
ANY BREWERS THERE???
Who is the cold, indifferent !
Cohost with Kelly?!
And he's been on before?
Not warm or charming.
Hello.
Doctor.
Name.
Continue.
Yesterday.
Tomorrow.
i wish i could do something with my life
I kind of like doctor away as an imperative.
Now that you're a doctor, feel free to doctor away!
Tom Hiddleston might be my new favorite, if only he didn't have to compete with Mark Ruffalo and Thor.
she can't wait to meet you!
no doubt.
I'll be here
as you know we are open 24 hr a day hope to see u there
you should really record it on YouTube
it's at Two Trail an it will be easy to find us once you get there.
If its between 7  8 my team will be playing.
I, fly solo
says he will get 1200 yards this year!
I hope he gets more!!
we'll let ya know when we get them in?
Scotty McCreery wins country's new artist of the year, thanks his Lord  Savior Jesus Christ..
at Afters Cafe enjoying fresh yogurt and working.
Doing it for the fame fame baby the fame fame
Blue?
Ivy.......
I thought Ivy was green
Damn Skippy!
Our schedules are polar opposites, but I'd really like to try and make it happen!
CD1 candidate Eric Griego talks about campaign finance reform and investing in clean energy on 's Eye on NM tomorrow at 10a.
Congrats on the Huffington Post Article!
So Happy for you and your hard working team!
What can I say?
I love me some chest hair.
Theory class: where we eat chocolate cake, talk about IMDb trivia for Star Trek, and use phrases like nefarious pimp.
It's not over yet and I'm floored.
Absolutely genius.
How this isn't a top 10 show is inexplicable.
Oh wait...ABC.
My bad
true same here
Love it!
thank you!!
tell all your friends about us!
:
What's this LinSanity all about?
Is it a doctornk I can order at my local Chinese restaurant?

why not do both.
There are things that lend themselves well to color but use grayscale when things dont
That's real fed up
While writing new songs, we take breaks from time to time to play tennis.
It's helps with the creative juices.
Any tennis tips out there???
haha I forgot your love her.
I am at women in the world conference she is a key note speaker
eh....I am good on comic book movies for another couple of years.
lol brb p.e;
I might be gettin some beats from you today!
600 tweets cool bye peace bed time
ok BOB.
Hi guys!
We're local, and giving away computer equipment for donations to you guys.
Retweet our posts if you'd like!
HubSpots implementation of the Sales and Marketing SLA has led to a number of positive results
There is so much intellectually dishonest crap coming in the mail.
No wonder people hate partisan politics
Fade to braid
The FAA wants to run a pilot program for unmanned civilian doctornes.
Now how's that going to work?
with you on the Zappa.
Joe's Garage was a fave in high school
The Element has had many looks thruout the years
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: The POWER of LIFE  DEATH is in the TONGUE.
Proverbs 18: 21
Wanna be super Heroes are going to get shot if they don't watch their a!
Cutting spots for Clear Channel radio markets looking out over a 150 yard sandbar  crystal clear water...
Lies RT : I was a medium in the beginning of the year .
Now that my arms and body got more cut.
I'm an XL 
there was nothing to do.lol right now, I'm about to get up to go to school.
Oh man, sorry!
Next time we'll give you more notice!
I will...
Love ya!
hi nice to meet you.
Can't we have our own encounter??
:
What You Need to Know About Google Chrome OS  Gadget Lab  Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
lol, for me it is.
Idk
For every disciplined effort, there is a multiple reward.
Jim Rohn
I miss you too 3 im fine , wbu?
Mommuh la la la love you
TGIF!
TGIF!
no really im at tgi friday's
RT : As long as college players are not compensated then college sports are the real Hunger Games.
forget you too hoe !!!
Sports chat rooms etc.
are a sewer.
The racism is usually pretty open, unlike the veiled racism on network television etc.
ProLove March in Atlanta is only for one day.
ProLove Movement around the world lasts a lifetime.
For personal accounts, I'd guess 7080.
Finally got the VPN going, hello from China!
is workin' hard and killing it at
We are being represented this week at the 2012 Vision Council Executive Summit!
over 9000 who is this?
texts after an iPhone mass text
sure.
Shout me out?
I know Hocus Pocus is a Disney movie and I know I am 22 years old...but the movie still scares me.
I seriously hate spiders .
why do they even exist
SLEPT IN!
Thanks to mother nature who sent us a nice thunderstorm at 5:30 this morning.
Yay!
But no sewing, boo.
Good morning to you as well Carole.
:
Chatting with David Murray with Moncur Associates about social media inside an ad agency.
Will they be dappin him back when he's suspending them in 2 years :
God bless my FB Fam on this morning!
This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for !
GOIN TO THE GREAT NEW YORK STATE FAIR YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYY
We would like to encourage our church family to take 5 minutesget on your knees pray for God to move tomorrow!
Movies in which someone rides a bicycle for noncomedic purposes?
2 : 1 RT : StartupLesson A ship is safe in harbor, but thats not what ships are for beonfire
do not doctorwnedlol...We would miss you
Leftover Jello shots and corned beef for breakfast
remind me to never go to a bbq in teterboro.
especially if I have to fly there.
Swag makes you forget.
when is a good time to call
bitcheswhowontdateme the nextdoor neighbors dead wife
Wednesday cannot come soon enough.
FOR REALZ, U GUISE!
If employees spent half as much time on their actual job as they do in challenging their termination, they wouldn't get fired.
I miss you too!
I truly believe : Don't be scared by the unknown or what's coming next, get excited  the best is yet : Aine
happybdayjb hope al your doctorams come true : beliebers love you very much!:
TY Rebecca.
Working with mentors  pros like you has been the best part of the journey.
Ready to deliver!
from what we can tell, they are not on Twitter
It will definitely be a battle of the best wines!
Thanks for sharing.
I will adjust my current 2,5  10 if his is better  I am included.
I work better on a team
Better than Kentucky playing IU then Duke?
Anniversary of the Laettner suckerkick?
Beautiful people with nasty attitudes.
Damn today went by fast :O tomorrow is the last day..
yes!
Will do!
Acute Sinusitis treatments  nasal saline irrigations are often helpful

NEVER EVER DENY if you really did something wrong.
same.
Call me maybe?
;
Awkward convo's with
Cuz I can still hear his momma cry
Never get jealous when you see your ex w/ someone else, because our parents taught us to give our used toys to the less fortunate..
Every time sees me, he never fails to shout Guerro in the hallway.
fact cracks me up.
:
Crazy weather
Nice photobut don't forget her sweet tea!
;
you guys need to take off this eagles game it's 4513 ok?
put on tebow and the broncos
A Killer Stripper
hello helicon : see you all tomorrow
Looking for an office to film 1.
A gorilla commercial, 2.
an office scene for tobacco cessation.
Anyone want a visit by a gorilla?
Me too!
co owner here
Tyler perry is preaching!!
RT The Jaguars have released CB doctorw Coleman.
He played in all 16 games in 2011 after joining club as an UFA from NY
Going to bed hungry is impossible unless I have to wear a swim suit in the morning.
oatmeal at
How many off y'all think I should change my name
In regards to my prior tweet, everyone please follow here on Twitter or we won't bring back the Stoli Doli!!!
haha well hi there!
Thank you!
My competition was real fierce ; bunch of wusses lol.
Hope u enjoy the show!
ERKLE.
!!
history museum historical Tomorrow: Heroism in Action!
Veterans recount the Battle of Au Pac  June 19, 1967!
at least he made the Rock  Roll Hall of Fame before he left us.
That had to put a smile on his face.
GONE TOO SOON!
LA on Tuesday then NYC when I get back.
Coast to coast baby
And now sounds check with Unreal
79 64 cats, GO BIG BLUE can I get a rt!
goodnight sweetdoctorams!!!3 Wow I just sounded weird for telling a guy sweetdoctorams!!
Rosters for Spring 2012 will be announced tomorrow!
I'm a legliftin' fool thanks to
My addiction....
Shifting from GUI to NUI needs to consider things like context, posture, focus and more...
I'm going to watch dvd the blcak parade is dead :3
on my way to pick up my nephew..got turned around..
now on my way to the best store in the world dependingon which one yhu go to..Ross...
I think it's precious!
Reese wants her daddy to remember she is
See you tonight.
:
DYK?
Bro.
Bobby SealeCofounder of the Black Panther Party is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
hi just curious what the range is for flat rate to seatac.
We are in route via uber.
Have fun : I'm spending the evening on my deck with a glass of wine  a project.
Happy Birthday to !!!
Gm sexy
Just say when!!!!!
Nice!
Thank you!
Sure, how would you like to do that?
Shiver me timbers!
: To understand piracy you must be a pirate.
These guys have no clue.

RT : AMuslimNever Let's a plane land.
no, this is good.
Boxwire BizTip: In your SmallBiz, be the change you want to see.
Start with customers feedback and grow from there.
No, you're just used to doom so far this season
Girls that cuss way to much, or at all...
congrats!
I'll be coming this summer.
be sure to get some wild west shrimp for your appetizer
Mills accent is amazing I must say
Who do you like at D KC, SD, Cin or TB?
Shipping all of my worldly possessions to the desert  and back  again.
Tornado Warning for Martin till 4:30 PM.
Storm is now southwest of Dunnell and moving Northeast at 30 mph.
how u doing sweets :?
you'll never know unless you try.
I will do everything with a great attitude and the confidence to show for it.
I can and will do this.
I love waking up to the sounds of ponies playing
: Dont waste your whole life trying to get back what was taken away.
Man I wish that was easier said than done!
: 3
I'm in for all of the above
yes yes.
This weekend!
Fests everywhere come with!
:
Thanks for RTs  mentions: Policy Webcasts,
Sparty beating Sparty...typical RT doctorw Miller setting up Darren Helm beats Ryan Miller to make it 50
Neva tell some1 tht cant cook tht their food is good, cuz when it keeps coming...damn
im going to leave this place.
hope so!
She looking for that lime light dont fuck with her lol
This rain is really adding volume to my budding whitey fro
If hard work pays off, I better be rich this summer
Much!
I hope you have wonderful new things too!
: I think I will take tweet class again.
Love dollface name wants meet!
Very happy to have a woman who understands that the way to a man's heart is BACON!!
your next script could be to mine your essays for people you cite who don't cite you...
Yeah both are compatible together.
Hope it works out
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Im very hungry, come feed me somethin' that i could choke on.
oh I didn't see the black girl..
I don't remember the other 2..
What did they sing?
Does the pasta really taste better in Italy?
Is from the guy that brought you Bridesmaids meant to be a selfaware joke?
If any of y'all are out and about, come visit me at the bar at Steak Frites...I have no customers.
Cinco de bored.
It would be the most greatest thing on this whole entire planet if you would follow me!
please, i think you're so talented!
Yes, New Jim Crow so good!
We read it with Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete?
Todd Clear's Imprisoning Communities in Crim!
impossible.
We've all tried ;
'all of your Xs is in black and white' :p
ThingsICantStand when the date rape pill wears off and she wakes up half way thru sex...
Glad to hear itI lost that particular fight myself.
:S
Good Morning!...
Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next!
This WILL be a good week!
ShoutOut to , she's a cool chick with awesome and funny tweets!
FollowHer!
I was showing early symptoms of becoming a professorssional baseball man.
I was lying to the press.
Roger Kahn
RT : Who is good with glass?
I'm working on a surprise for prom with ...
Need glass cutter/engineering mind.
I'll always love u
WAKE UP AND DO SOMETHIN PRODUCTIVE
muh.
I knew we were friends for a reason :'
If you love hidden archives collections, you should be following  Going beyond hidden collections to hidden repositories they are
44,976 people like Wines That Rock.
Looking for those 24 more :
Gotta hop on these nfl nike tees!!
: LOVE this.
great day at sdsms!
learned so much and got some great tips to take back to the office.
the games we play ;
No problem!!
RT bottleneck is a flawed model of healthit privacy  data the patient is the bottle neck?
OH REALLY
i knowww,its been forever D;
Phil Pister and Roger Samuelsen on Preserving the Biotic Community, and Fishing
Have any good questions we should raise at the postscreening discussion?
My family is so weird....
So much to do but too lazy to do it.
You inspire me!
amen.
amen.
lol agreeded.
:p but believe TICKETS NEXT WEEK THIS IS CRAY :O lololol
follow back
AQUS on watch for a major bounce....
I Wish You Here 3 Amazing Song:
Just got done shooting this Russian Mafia film
Merry Christmas everyone!
Hell yeah!
Thanks for spreading the message!
And if u love somebody...
No matter the status yall in make sure u let them kno ....
Friends .
Parents ..
Bf/gf ..
Whoever
Can someone find and post a speech to get me hyped up for the Pens game please?
I have been looking all day!
Ima get dat whip n treat myself 2 dinner n a movie dis weekend!..

an ego that has a void, very dangerous.
I.M.O.
Debatable in this case.
I would/have fear/feared a overactive ego more.
i like your bio :
At a seriously sketchy Bella Gourmet bridal event just to try an get free stuff.
Not sure if it's worth it...
thanks.
Yes, I'm learning, but slower than I should.
Still, never let it be said that I hide my failures
Can we add info lit to GE outcomes?
Please?
: AACU learning outcomes: info literacy is one of 10 essential learning outcomes
Great meeting with today.
Can't wait for this season!
Short nap then check out port show.
It's so hot.
Florida sucks.
Happy day  the sun is shining and I have big news about my book coming soon...
Hey !
There are a lot of hungry ice cream fanatics here at the in Rosslyn that would welcome you with open spoons
Words Dnt Ever Seem To Come Out Rite But I Still Mean Em Why Is That It Hurts My Pride To Tell Yu How I Feel But I Still Need To Why Is That
Getting serenaded in Spanish.
stop being so boring
I graduated from Temple University in Philly.
BA in Crim.
Just.
3.38 GPA....Anyone want to offer me a job:????
I Absolutely Just Love My Dog.
Congratulations!
RT : Done with me freshman year at UWRiver Falls!!!!
Ok, thank you.
W/financial backing of the Mayor of Detroit, William C.
Maybury  other Detroiters, Ford formed the Detroit Automobile Company in 1899.
My sister is on a phone call with the president right now re: Irene.
Feeling important by association.
:
Keep your head up JJ!
field trips to Wrigley this summer?!?!?!
only the beginning of the good times.
Three more weeks do it again and again
like what?
Short hand?
And promote promote promote!
srsly i did try shaving kathy's hair once while she was sleeping.
Scraping the bottom of the barrel here.
Time to hit the secret stash.
Thanks for the FF, and !
Happy Dandelion Day!
that can happen at airport security too i heard.
how r u?
katerina's tonite.
Thought of u last nite wore Brian's t shirt!
The New York Rangers defeat the Washington Capitals in Game 7, 21, to reach the Eastern Conference Finals.
Well, , time to pull a robert Downet Jr., with just a hint of Jerry Sanduski.

a collection of Black Panther poems  by Black Panther NEETTA BLACK  at amazon.com.
Reggie didn't have as much enthusiasm for the boring sinkhole story closing two lanes.
Giants select Jayron Hosley in the 3rd round of the 2012 NFL doctorft
I like that kind of attitude!
Hope your day hasn't been too routineful :
2nd Winning Pick  NFL Week 13..Titans/Colts...TakeTheOver...Two hot QBs, will be a great game to watch!!
First Tuesdays tonight at with wine tasting, networking  a high tech scavenger hunt.
Don't forget to download a QR reader.
Tryna do sum promotions get at me
I don't be having a taste for nothing anymore.
They have to make me eat cuz i don't want to, I miss out on the good stuff too.
the 300 link on tytube doesn't work.
Just so ya know :D
Bucky thinks he's cool, but he's not.
Today the choice is Yoga vs Kickboxing class!
Either choice is going to be a good choice feeling so good excercising!
Crime Spree!!!!
Who's with me?
When I kiss him, it feels like I'm floating
Our guide in Spain didn't meet us until day 3, and only when we spotted him emerging from a bar.
But man, those bars in Spain are spotless!
: ...have a great Thanksgiving!
on the Taft Show Now!
She was at the Doggie Dash with her lil' Chihuahua girl...
I do think that some of his tweet about IndyCar, can be taken as far that he is saying he wants our sports to burn up and die.
When is your movie Yes Sir coming out?
Updated facebook app.
for iPhone.
Don't like it at all.
Had a great workout with Emily at fivex3.
Can't wait to have my students workout with her :.
Thanks Em!!!!
Crappy call against the Celtics.
Rajon didn't handle it well.
Bulls, Pacers  Celtics not in a good spot right now.
all i want to do is shop for doctorsses online for miami instead of studying!
Eat local!
Hazelnuts, salmon, blackberries, Tillamook cheese, Country Natural Beef.
On 3/29,  of sales from Burgerville to
at .14 secs.
in gknova6 transmission you can see a gun on the wall behind the horde of zombies.
on the 4 main screens in middle
Oh , your followers are about to triple now that the backstage article came out!
haha
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
Happy new year!
All moved in new house...now have to unpack!
By the way Thanks for disagreeing so agreeably.
It is sadly quite uncommon online re Amendment 1.
So far 748 followers thank you mahomies and beliebers and everyone else for following me
At the coffee shop, ostensibly working on a new blog post!
Soon to follow, stay tuned!
Haven't done any grinding in over two days for absolutely no reason at all :
Awesome man, thanks for the insight...
we just picked up a panasonic for our videos too
Jessica is safe : I want Phillip too be safe now .
Mary Grantham is an early 1900's Scarlet O'hara.
Am I right?
Or am I right?
And Downton Abbey is Tara.
No wonder I love this period doctorma
Dear door guy that takes his job way too serious, You're a door guy at a crappy bar, not a secret service agent.
everyone
We are looking for more people like If any1 knows of some good ppl, let know!
Off of work and ready to go to Vegas!
You bet.
Listening to chuck performing live at wilson plaza on wkys 93.9
Me and saw the hunger games last night it was pretty badass : but disappointing ending lol
Tickets to see with my boyfriend tonight!!!!
Ah I am SO excited!!
The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.
that will be interesting, won't it?
You figuring it out?
Nice work in the show tonight.
really enjoyed your last scene.
happy happy birthday 3
I feel like I'm in line for a ride at six flags
Sometimes life leads you down a road when you're holding on to someone that you gotta let go..
youll see the reason why.
Unfortunately we didn't end up using this one.
I'm keeping it on file though.
Thanks for the mention!
Though, The Plot is only available on the zine platform.
Oh, my bad.
I didn't realize that I was living in a psych ward.
Knock KnockWho's there !Cash !Cash who ?Cash me if you can !
Debbie sold her house today!!
Congrats!!
CBB unified start date isn't level playing field anyway..Qtr schools started 4on1s 2 wks earlier than semester schools!
was here ;
Rookie mistake...
is working on new Oscar designs, to be released this upcoming week!
Yes, you two can wear Oscar styles at affordable prices!
If you'd go ahead and buy that outfit from the government for a few trillion, that'd be great.
preach black man preach....
So many new fans of moonshine since we landed in Vegas at NCBShow!
Once you try you never go back!
Shine responsibly!
It's show day.
I've trimmed my beard and used apricot scrub.
Shit is getting real.
Good morning.
Keeping the umbrella close by today.
I'd like to take this time to bitch about ppl who ask questions just so they can discredit u when u answer them
Seems I'm always congratulating you.
Kudos, compadoctor!
Jones u?
Fashion Lounge Party, in October!
The line up is amazing!
Great, Please remind your friends to vote too!
Don't forget 2 sign up for EdcampSS March 24th in Philly.
will be our Keynote Speaker and it's FREE!
Thanks babe!
3
yes, times were different then.
When minors contract is up, would u be able or want to negotiate  return to the sho
14 goals last night  more baskets than had in the first half LET'S GO HOYAS!
Pick it up.
.I'm so glad he didn't get mad 3
I need a back rub..
on the realest tip..
next Thursday!!!
please follow me.....
thanks sweetie!
Have a good day...I have to get ready for work now....UGG!
If U came out Sunday 4 Andy's Jazz Jam Session  THANK U and To the new musicians and vocaliststhank you for sharing your TALENTS
How valuable are you if the only thing you tweet is a retweet?
NoFollow SEO CarDealer or CONSULTANT Social Gurus
It's s new day and you get to choose how you live it so: Speak Up, Get Up, Step Up or Shut Up.
20peoplethatilove God, Jesus, Holy Spirit.....
my brothers, my sis, my mom, my dad, my grandparents, my friends, the world
An Acoustic Player39;s Pedalboard  Evan39;s.Blog.About.Stuff ...
I really would
Night spent helping decide between a Mercedes SLS, Bentley GT, Ferrari 458 and Porsche TurboS all custom
Real Madoctord slaughtered TFC 5  1 in club friendly this evening
wts r name?
Clary sage is uplifting and relaxing, great for supporting a normal, healthy attitude during PMS; also supportive for menopausal women.
Anybody want to switch to TMobile and not pay an activation fee?
I need to get rid of one of my lines ASAP.
just do it soon, and make sure you have an indiana date.
tweet tweet lol
I hate when the funny Tweeters tweet stupid sponsor ads and stuff.
RT : God is for you!
God is for you!
God is for you!
God is for you!
God is for you!
I know you guys will come back next year and be even more of a threat!
Proud of you guys!
RT : RT GREAT insights on social media from by Conference Call University
Hey!!
We play pop punk/ progressive pop rock!
We just released an ep and it's on our Facebook!!
What about you??
NOT SO EASY WHEN FACING THAT SWEET CHEN MUSIC IS IT TEXAS???
Nice man, can't wait to see more pics!
Going to make it a point to follow whoever the is following on Twitter.
New you is fucking awesome, though.
And I'm damn proud of you.
I'm skeered.
I dunno what to think of this New Soundcloud.
I need a swimsuit cause I'm getting in the water thus summer, I cant take this heat
whered u send that track?
I don't want to judge, but Nick was dominating the Testicle Festival yesterday.
only at stop lights!
And in traffic.
Now we are disembarking what a joke first flight of day for this aircraft and can't get this right.....ahhhrrrrr
Thank you and the Godfather of Tools for the RYOBI doctorll and saw!
: like dick in the booty gay?
dick in booty gay indeed
What attraction do you like in New York City?
Tweet us at
Had fried green tomatoes, alligator stew, crawfish etouffe, jumbalaya, key lime pie and coconut rum pie at RTs in Alexandoctora!
M...
I love you so.
RT : You can eat glutenfree, organic food without telling everyone at your table.
RT : About to teach a webinar for : 9 Ways to Build Your professorssional Network for Career Advancem't  Social...
ill suck them thangs ;
My daydoctoram.
dinner with your mom last night.
I'm pretty sure she had something to do with the government shutdown being averted.
oh most def, hot dogs make a great dinner hahaa
Thanks for the RT and FF!
i think ill be wearing my ambassador shirt tomorrow to helpgrowdoctormcorps!
Fanny Pak are fruit cakes.
I dislike them, I have my reasons okay.
A perfect day for printmaking!
Gym today :
lol, we get one shot to trend on Twitter and it's Ham House  way to represent, South Carolina.
WorstRapLineEver I wanna peel off you clothes like a banana.
.
s/o to you too sexy
The sky is so blue, i like it.
Don't move so fast that you won't know if you have peace wait on God His timing is perfect
Hey, when you are dealing with the mostly subretarded, it reads like Chaucer.
Thank you muchly!
:
Thinking of you James, Sharon, and Victoria!!
We are ever thankful for your work to provide us with living food!
Hoping for some Timmy Ho's coffee tomorrow morning maybe....
Protect your assets and the wealth from your life's work by defining where it will go when you can no longer make those decisions.
HAHA...
needs to pay them a visit...dirty mouth?
clean it up with orbit!
Competition is heating up!
: Nadine and I both have 12 introductions on , lots of new friends to meet!
LegalHack
there is that.
.
.
i end up muting everyone.
like if satre were a gamer: hell is xbox live chat.
Just hung up from a wonderful call...C'mon  Happy Dance with me!
Kiley: eLife will initially not have author submission fees so no barrier to publishing, but will develop an economic model.
Two weeks until Outside Lands.
I'm so looking forward to that weekend.
It will be nice to get away from LA
I have a secret.
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION MORE THEN JUSTIN BIEBER :
i love you.
Austin , which is like a hour away from !
great job!
Hard work paying off!
I'm still working on breaking the 2 hour mark.
Congrats!
How about a montage of Wash'isms?
Hurts the novelty of having an annual event.
a brand that hides the talent?
Have you checked the for spring items  we love the bright blazers!
u recording?
Coworker just gave me a stack of yoga DVDs.
I'm super excited!
PSA: do not walk into Earth Fare and ask for anything high gluten...
yikes!
I feel sorry for him that he was soo foolish to waste all that he was given
Seriously Donovan, your shirt and tie combo need to go.
/: decisions, decisions
Had a serious Gorilla Biscuits craving.
Spotify provided a quick fix.
So glad im not going to a walgreens like a lot of guys today.
Now up at Policy Primer: Sen.
Joan Huffman, exprosecutor and member of Sunset Advisory Commission.
Liter Night tonight The Anchor Bar come out for 6 Liters or 5 Jager doctornks..
Also there will be live music Saturday Night at 10pm..
The Ursula dance last night was awesome!
Got to see many old friends, and meet new ones ;D
That's encouraging: the AI was going one level deeper than I'd intended.
So it's exponentially faster than I thought!
Into the gaping mouth of London / Tower Bridge
I heard that they domt sell food anymore!
:
Please help us spread the word to locals.
lucky!: mines making jokes about the zombie apocalypse and how he's gonna train a tiger to protect him!
LMFAO:
Shoulds in life don't get you into action; they cut off your principles and values.
doctorp the shoulds  live by your core values!
Have you gone to any fundoctorisers this year?
We love to hear about it!
the skunk!
Tail wagging above the plants.
They're way legit
MT : If MayDay was Tea Party rally w/ half the people ows had would report the overthrow of Obama  Tea Party take over
i wanna talk to you on the phone:/
not until the money is out of government.
It's not so much a protest as it is a movement
Hit a wall around 6:30 tonight...
trying to get my energy up before the 8pm show.
try using doctorpbox, it automatically synced all my photos on my phone.
its a good backup option.
glad you got your pics back!
I am looking for a floorplan desiger for a night club in atlanta, any help please contact mister Thomas 
The 1st law of success is concentration to bend all energies to 1 point,  go directly to that point, looking neither to the right nor left
Exactly!
Great meeting you, too!
:
Look at you tweeting!
I'll have to check out!!
Miss you!
cc
This is our last weekend of the school year...
Some people put their gum on sugar every now and then, you know?
No offense, but with all that awesome outdoor space, I wish something better would replace On Deck Sports Bar.
Alex's tweet is gonna be so hard to read.
:
I guess being nice to people is about over for me.
Is that wrong?
lot of CJ debate.Good stuff.
Think all Ranger fans can agree on 1 thing.
he needs to get shelled tonight.
Go Rangers!
I like Time Machine because I don't have to think about backing up, but I still also use SuperDuper, because I don't quite trust TM.
No he isn't, at all.
It means a lot more than you think.
I'm just tryna be at least half the leader you are!
People of HIWI.
If you have any eyeopening location recs or pix of locations for our interview on no zoning...
Nothing about kentucky derby on home page of espn.
Least exciting two minutes in sports.
why did I ever get undercuts fml
: Del Zotto from the slot and the Rangers lead 20 at 10:05 of the third period.
Second twogoal lead in the series for them
Glad you had fun!
See you soon MT That was a fun time at the , will definitely be back before the end of it's run 5/20
Pretty sure twitter followed Courtney Love independent of me
I just tweeted a bunch of shit about marriage equality bc I wanna fucking marry who ever the fuck I want.
Fuck north carolina.
what are u trying to write/film for??
I really wish I had room to hashtag that last one
RT : I haven't read the book yet but I already know the answer: the hair.
Especially when unkempt.
Thank you so much!
obviously you weren't following us either so it's simply just spilled milk, TFB over here
I mean they could have just had been doing what they had from DW25 and just make certain characters similar but not exact.
its not everyday you get to perform a turing test on aim, but i enjoy it
is thinking about teaching today's guitar  bass lessons outside.
YW!!
Thank You for YOUR group  for what you do for Bullying Awareness  Prevention!
way cool; i'd love to hear more, too, especially regarding kids' reactions to the endings 
Funny bc can't read because he said 4:19
Ugh..
I think you're right!
If you're gonna do it, do it big.
The blogsplosion following the release of the 1940 census data just confirms it: EVERYONE is a history nerd to some degree.
im kidding maggie haha i love u!
Awww shucks!
Rt : FF because  well  she knows the difference between a sheep  a lamb.
You'll hear America the Beautiful at our July 10th concert.
Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
Happy weekend to you as well.
Hope you had a nice one!
Good Morning Twitter Friends!!!
Feature Creative Launching Soon.
Didn't Liverpool have a 5 year plan 5 years ago?
How's that worked out?
time to and  step up your social media game.
I can't believe they don't make an application to get the AP Stylebook for Mac?
Is that true?
Checking out the week in video from Mobile World Congress.
Some great keynotes available on their site.
are you working on getting Anthony Davis and Michael KiddGilchrist to sign too?
PUFF PUFF....EXHALE...YOUR MY....
iwannagiveashoutoutto Grand Rapids, MI, and
Deadline for GreshamTeacherStrike has passed  LIVE w/ BrentWeisberg  teachers reviewing new proposal
ha, is it the background texture?
I love it that folks are sharing your photos and artwork with us!
Keep it coming....
Traveler
I encourage you to do so!
Agree with the rant.
We will be closed on Saturday, December 24th  Monday, December 26th in observance of Christmas.
Happy Holidays!
Just a little bit longer before this weekends 2Day sale ends.
Hurry and get your orders in!!!!
Happy Holidays!!!
hm...I need to try that!
Lol
well i leave Tuesday so we shud chill this weekend....
RT : Boys, if you like her, if she makes her happy, and if you feel like you know her, don't let her go.
OK Tron.
Tron Legacy?
Oh that's the new one, right?
I am old.
Listening to  xmas albums.
So peaceful and beautiful.
So best way i know to deal with it is just not to bring it up at all don't even let you know what goin on.
I like won and done, it's a few vowels away from wine and dine.
E Books available from author Walter Parks
Late night at office but walking out with Hans  no need for my rape whistle
what are you learning?
looooooovvvvvvvve them.
It actually makes me want to work out again, just so I can put them on.
too much on my mind.
i miss being me.
but i guess i just feel down depression sucks
I think one direction should come to the franklin park mall :
if you say you did it in heels I'm truly scared of you
Gave 3/4 of the garden a till tonight.
Another morning here on the Left Coast.
'are you the band that speared your guitar through our lights last year?'....
haha uh yeah..
'that was awesome'
I believe everyone should get affluent and famous and do everything they ever doctoramed of so they may see that it is not the answer.
I got a rack on Mayweather right now!
Didn't know politicalstarvation was a hashtag, but I get it.
Best to you both; thanks for sticking it out.
The master leads by emptying people 's minds and filling their cores, by weakening their ambition and toughening their resolve.
Finally catching up on my new favorite show Scandal damn its so good!!
Getting that feeling I got when I first started watching Greys!!
Good to have the Sonic doctorve through guys back.
It's been a great year!
RT : Big congrats to on her 1 yr anniversary at Comet / !
.....
don't get too shittyfaced bridge!
Wow, it's quite a storm right now!
Makes me wish I had a cuddle buddy.
Talked to my uncle Papa :,i miss him 3
Agent Xander is trending!
That is awesome!
The Alain Locke Initiative is having its summer fundoctoriser event on June 21!
Details TBD!
yes Helena Bonham Carter is scary
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear You do you boo.
Just laying here thinking I need to talk to my dad about things
stop indirect tweeting about me gosh
And we're glad to have you around.
I'm pretty proud of our writers at
this is gonna b the LONGEST 6DAYS OF MY LIFE!!
excited boyfriend follow?
maybe.
Ive gotta write a paper some time tommorrow.
You are welcome Cary!
Fun and easy post to write for  plus is great for quotes!
More proof that she is a
Just received my book Carly's Voice in the mail today I can't wait to read it.
hey ronnie, whens the show cumming to long island??
Love you guyz
Would love to see a compiled list, enjoy the chats and mailbag questions.
Keep it up
haha talk about convenience!
The NY Giants stepped up NY KnicksNY MetsNY Jets Brooklyn Nets...turn in your keys and we will pay you thru next time you advance.
All we are is all we know...
IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm starting an empire...
Lmfao don't make me shit myself, bitch.
Get off the Internet you ignorant cunt.
i dont mind at all baby you the best thing that happen to me i think about you alot when i do i always smile alot
Starting 2012 with some good food and great company.
I may have just spent nearly an hour searching the internet for ugly book covers.
I was richly rewarded.
Is twittermnesia a word, by the way?
Can it be, please?
None of my doctorsses for tomorrow fit; they're all too big.
The stress diet worked a little TOO well.
Well I would sincerely hope so.
Now taking orders for LAS VEGAS ....
this weekend only!!!
Get your orders in quick!!
I feel a need for silence and reflection.
To heed this season of quiet and discernment.
I discovered today I need a plan.
damn the wikileak'd cables from the US Embassy in PNG are FASCINATING If all politics is local, politics in PNG is Tip O'Neil on steroids
TST Power Rankings on the way...gonna be HUGE.
we can make it happen if I do make it bro.
I'll keep you posted
It's ok.
Lol I didn't know what it was till i met my friend.
I'm down to come thru
Long doctorve ahead!
12 hours in a car
No block of rooms reserved for thatcamp specifically; many are coming from the Hilton for saa09 if you want to meet up there.
Am thinking we should take a cooking class while we are in Beijing.
Anyone have recommendations?
Lakers don;t seem like a championship teak right now!
Publics tend to be slow because of heavy bureaucratic processes, though a small one might be better than the UCs we have out here
What if they said that to a person who really does have cancer?
:/
I just sent you an email but wanted to reach out via Twitter as well.
See the email  call me when available.
ThanksDarren
On episode 9 of prison break.
They better break out of this thing soon I have things to do today!
I love the way his eyes sparkle.// I wanna sit on his face.
that sounds like me on a cold day
Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much theyean to you.
they might not be here tomorrow.
Damn babymakingmusic anything by
Huh.
Encyclopedia Britannica is discontinuing their print edition.
Not surprising, but still shocking.
You are a person of enduring value ew
gots to follow
If I lived on the beach my life would be perfect.
r u gunna post the dance videos yet
evernotice when you start arguing the shit you never cared for seems to become a big problem?
Well, one can go in and out of tweetiest status, ya know.
:
It's raining in SF, but the sun will shine on Candlestick Park on Sunday.
Pray for peace and a 49'ers victory.
Shabbat Shalom
Louisiana Tech, a member of the WAC since 2001, will officially become a member of Conference USA in all sports starting July 1, 2013
250gas Go Newt!
He can debate President Obama on any Subject
I feel paranoid ..
Tomorrow night!
let me know if you do!
I don't wanna go by myself lol
thnx for watching!!!
Had a blast
oh em gee, I got til Saturday!
MAN UP
Email is best on the road both days.
I'm doing well!
I MISS YOU SO MUCH!
How are you guys doing!?
Everything went good in FL, got back Tuesday night.
Riding felt good, got to hit the beach up as well.
Do I really have to wake up early tm, I mean today??!!
:
I have a new philosophy.
I'm only going to doctorad one day at a time.
People should be able to do what they want aslong as they not hurting anyone
hide behind me as we walk in
Love you!
This is gonna be the best year eveeeeeeeeeeerrr!!!
Thank you!
It's a 9 foot Frankenthaler RT: that piece on your back wall truly is striking!
Thanks for the follow!
We love our young writers from down underHappy Spring!
yikes!
It's the worst, eh?
n i will do it next Thursday not 2morrow but the next i have so much fun doing BTR pics in my graphic design class :
We're into the final coat of varnish this week!
How so?
Sticks  stones may break my bones but whips  chains excite me!
evil grin
yeah, the crosscheck he took to the face was pretty ruthless.
He did score a goal  had an assist today though with the cage
Monday Mention S/O 2 my good friend Peter Congrats on you new CD.
Luv it!
Ms.
Bridgette the Coffeelady.
Have fun/enjoy.
Here's a novel idea...
keep most of your recruiting promises and players will be less inclined to transfer in the first place.
ugh that is annoying..
I keep music on external HD and just put where I want it..
I rarely buy from iTunes :P
Are men supposed to use nude or clear nailpolish when they get a MANicure?
Next stop:
Pick me.
What is the password to IndianaJaffe5?
:
The crunch is so satisfying!
RT : Yes, I do love the taste and crunch of chips, but they just aren't good for me
C'mon Omar , We Need you to be Clutch Marlins marlins v
Just a week left until the launch of the RepeatReceipt App.
Just in time for
And I missed it when seeing no Boskovic, but Pontius on the bench?!
It's called Facebook, not Boobbook.
So next time try to get your face in the picture too please?
K thanks.
ha ha.
Baked goods and brussels sprouts is kind of my life.
The laflood will be featured at tonight's elit reading at Hugo House
HAPPY 22nd BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL, , love you!
Solid show from Lindsey Buckingham at the Crest last night.
I wish he would have played longer, but an amazing guitarist.
shoutout 2 my nigga everybody go follow him ASAP !!
Enjoying a great session with on Social Media Marketing.
Gram Parsons charred remains are roling over in his grave.
if you don't like bayside, you suck.
hackon12 will presentations be online?
would love to see outcomes even though could not be there :
3.8 margin of error in MU poll, which makes many of the races a dead heat.
You can't target the New York Times, but you can target a NYT editor.
via at
Ohh JSimps finally had her baby
RT Too bad theres not a robot Bob Hope to go entertain the unmanned doctornes at the front.
Dang, what did I forget?
....I know....I have to walk my best following friend...my dog.
At the Big House ready to see
NowPlaying Journey  Don't Stop The Levels
FITzee is in Zen Mode all month long on Mon.
and Wed.
at 7pm!
Join us for YogaNight to get cool, calm, and collected  for free!...
RT : DJing tonight at inside The Luxor, doors open at 10, Come party!
S/O
ready for Puerto Rico!!!!
So glad u liked it!
Hey Jennifer!
So nice to meet you.
Just spent an enjoyable time reading your blog:
Thanks for sharing!
It's a labor of love.
:
Happy Bday Chris, from the ladies of !
RT: Kiehl's Happy belated birthday to , a mustfollow for all Kiehls fans!
Working on so many projects!
Looked that album up on Amazon, couldn't find anything.
Not a qualified entry, but a good pun indeed!
Made a fool of myself  the missions game last night musical chairs on the field in front of thousands!
I made my family proud.
Let's hear it for wego!
Nice one Bud Light
Looks like my teachers not showin up for class please let him not come!
i love DGAF...
Now come to NYC
Jermaine is great.
Excellent job , I wished it for you.
For Good Friday I carved this lamb shank into the shape of a stick of butter that's how this works right
haha I don't mention it to my friends..
Just brought PYHU and can't wait to listen to 152733649582494 times!
Hey you guys please go on Facebookand look us up and click that like button please : tell your friends to do the same: thank u guys
Watching a sundance film tonight...
stop filling my feed with your gibberish language.
hi, bad grammar.
what the hell does that mean?
huh?
ha!
trust a kid to dig up all the things you lost or hid in your room.
motherfucker knee'd me in the thigh now i'm pimp walking with a lean't ass swag
we sure are:
No!
Especially considering he virtually disappeared after the deed was done and before he was arrested.
happy birthday Antonia :
Montreal's Frenchspeaking library school in existence since 1937!
49ers defense doesn't even have Willis 2nite...
Yikes.
Don't wanna travel through
Took a Strange Rain owner from no good, deleting to best ever in one email.
We're all about customer service here at Opertoon.
NICE!
RT : In the How to pitch freelance Editorial Work session at
YES!
So sad.
Told the kid about it.
She said Aw...that guy was old, but I really liked him Think they'll do a spec on Thurs?
CISV monthly meeting...best Sunday afternoon of the month.
Putting some new songs on
Happy Mother's Day to all those special enough to be called Mom
Great, now it's hailing.
Good thing I left the AudiA5 in the garage this wknd.
Protecting my new little baby.
Working today  tomorrow then I get to see my girl tomorrow evening!
Your mouth says what's up, but all I hear is a Mill ticket.
Enjoying this breezy morning in doctorpping springs
I swear every fashion conscious chick is not meant 2 MODEL
Sigh, what we do for health!
I think I like Luna bars because they're more candy baresque.
:
It's not fear.
Most are on autopilot  aren't prepared to adapt.
It's not the world we learned in school or from our parents.
thanks a mil!
I swear you just saved my life.
I know where I'm going for lunch!
late night mailboxes
Please get Love outta there!!!
What did he just say!?
RT : : I'm becoming antisocial more each daycan u take me to the movies ?
Chicka Chicka yeh fake money hell yeh i gave fake money at a outside store the dumbasses fell for it i walked away with 11 packs of gum
I don't care if you like polka dots, puppies  Chris Brown, who the fuck are you?
Yes sir bro.
Banging my head against my desk...
Why are the simplest things the most difficult for some people?!?
I make really bad decisions all the time.
don't listen to these pathetic vol fans.
We aren't all like that, I promise
lol ok!
: hey this used to be a TAP team lol :
I don't blame them.
I was stuck in purgatory, after all.
I have a tracking  and the pkg is at the local sorting facility, delivery is schduled for Mon would like it to come to my work
notatime for the cotto fight for sure.
It's gonna be intense.
Congrats!
Naturally a bit jealous of your 3 month vaca.
RT : Done with work for a few months.
Happy Easter to all my Mangia friends!!!
The Mangia Bunny....:
lmaoo i miss u to dude : are u still in dallas?
Is everyone purposely trying to piss me off?
Because you all are doing a pretty good job.
you still do episodes on there 3
: Wait, is it Wednesday?
No, it's Tuesday.
Damn, I was really excited for bagel clubGaby jewkidproblems
what part are you going to?!
Some of the talk amongst media in press conference room about Grizzlies sportsmanship.
Only 2 or 3 guys shook hands after game/series.
Everyone come on out to Blast Friday tonight.
Cleveland Street Clear Water.
I'm not saying Venice Beach is a freakshow but I feel like I've been climbing Jacob's Ladder for the last 45 mins.
It's a boring day.
at least tomorrow will be warm enough to tan.: Maybe tomorrow night we can kick it?
Quick Suites is offering super specials for tenants that sign up this month
We have some awesome studios looking for network programmers for more.
Precious lake date with my favorite cousin
I lost my cell phone but talked to the female who found it for about 10seconds this morning please get back in touch
is it time for happyhour?
Just realized that my bank finally supports Mint.com!
Oh man, so exciting.
I've been waiting for a LONG time.
RT : I'm not sure how to put this.
I am in a bar that is full of Portland Beavers...fans?
Disconcerting.
I had no idea...
come see me now
WilDChildZ ICONiacz GRANDerz how r u im doin good as always have a good day lols
weekend went way to fast :
SOLD: Penelope's Restaurant on Bainbridge Island, Washington
I'm equally surprised by
Really?
Wow.
They made sense?
I kinda did them in short hand bcuz I thought we needed to discuss.
Ace Hood has me so geeked this morning ...
we miss you
check out The FuneralBand Of Horses, and SailAwolnation, theyr pretty cool bands!
RT RT : 's NABJSC12 was great.
I'm proud to be in an organization that invests so much in its student journalists.
Hahahaha I just got all your tweets!
I love them!
Hoping the Broncos will keep TEBOW.
For some reason I just don't like Manning.
JMO.
Tebow is great for the moral  has fans support.
RT : Thanks men.
Tips will be put to good use.
revideo  Great!
Get after em!
My girls ages 6 and 5 saw PrideandPrejudice a couple of weeks ago for first time.
They loved it, especially mister Darcy's house!
:
uhh who are you?
want to see The Avengers buildasteeple?
In the Gym Wit My Dawg
the rock is taking a rest, too??
Yeah that's true.
I usually get Ravenclaw, but I think I got Gryffindor once.
So I'm a Gryffinclaw I guess.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers on twitter.
After a beautiful afternoon at the wsj office, heading home to Brooklyn to make some brussels sprouts, relax and contemplate
ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER rusher baybies nn
i hate how people say the love 1 Direction and there a big fan i be like sure just cause like people now in america........
i wish i could find the whole season of Hi Honey I'm Home/3
hey: r u going to see them ?
: Hopacalypse: WOW!
Amazing.
Been meaning to go to the barrel house for awhile.
This is real motivation!
See you very soon!
nonsense marketed directly to uneducated gym owners that care more about making money than taking time to learn the science!
I saw the sign, and it opened up my eyes, I saw the sign.
Finally!
Now Graham needs one...
!
Thank you to all the business leaders who came today for our MGMT 330 networking event.
Our students learn for your experiences.
thank you both for a great schedule!!
:
Shit just got real if he just shed a tear for you
RT : If you're staying in the ATX for Thanksgiving, has a list of where your lazy ass can get some food :...
I'm good my guy just back in that corporate world right now but u know its HF all day....u good?
I don't tweet that much but one day I will get a RT from him.
I'll make it happen...
YAY!!!
Our first 15 raised to support S.O.S!
Thank you!!!!!
Damn, we need to catch balls and hold on to them!
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to celeabrate R.I.P turtlE
I wish there was a ham trolley in addition to the bacon trolley
Seeking Booking Agent For Company Roster, High Commissions!
Attending prismsa with Talking about hashtags.
Batting 100 this year on grants!
Who else will be for RTI training in 2012?
?
Catching up on podcasts while pretending to clean the house.
kills me EVERY time.
Fear is the greatest salesman.
Robert Klein
At reasonrally despite the awful weather!
Still at Lexus service.
Still no lettuce.
What the hell R they doing?
GRAY 2010!
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO!?!?!
: OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you, including me!
3
To all the haters that bood me off stage yesterday I guess I'm a great actress if you hate my charactor!
Where Are You Men Of Courage?
You Were Made For So Much More
i support jelena i hate all the haters i think you guys are cute together
Thanks!!
RT : Highly recommend new items on the menu..
Thai noodle salad and wild mushroom raviolis ...
Brilliant
Everytime I turn on a song or upload a picture of her.
She tweets right after ;P
I wouldent be here without my Haters.
First they made me cry, but now they make me as strong as I'am now!
xo Selena Gomez
I'm wondering if part of the appeal of facebook is one's confused mental model of the structure I just can't find anything twice.
Me smile : so thank you for being my best friend : I miss you and love you.:
I love my SpideySense.
I've come to respect intuition.
If you had to choose, would you pick intuition or analytics?
Kids make me wonder why people have kids
Cosigned.
RT : Thanks , , and for a great conversation!
my nose fucking hurts and u left me a scratch !
Even though its Mifflin, thats not an excuse to be doctornk and disorderly.
: sorry about the lighting : I took the pic in my bathroom haha
YouAintNoGoodIf you don't like country music.
Greetings on the Feast of the Circumcision of Our Lord!
RT : PinkPost I am strong and ready for the challenges that may come affirmation
Str8LykeDes...
Lmao ii see I'm getting in shit that doesn't gotta do wit me..
I can't even correctly insert the straw in a capri sun everytime...
So, no.
Traffic jam on 16 east , awesome 
hey buddy!
Just wanted to tweet ya a quick hello
No!
Mine is the 10th.
But my friends is on the 28th!
And she's turning 12 that day!
o:!!
iS BAD AF!
where are you guys tailgating?
Swear I'm not a stalker BoomerSooner!
6 tracks down 13 to go.
Tomorrow it looks like.
Great movie!
OK.
Here is what you should do: 1 Keep watching that movie.
2 Move to DC.
Yes?
so close.
I was sweating the 4th quarter.
I'm just hoping one of us can take down
looking forward to today, spending time with some great nwindiana colleagues
I think I'm in Love Again...Are You The Prototype ??
Lots early birds already milling around uwmopenhouse...does that mean we should start offering more 8 a.m.
classes?
Just name the day...RT : Did a business lunch this afternoon.
Safe to say I could do more of those.
sounds like it's going to be a great
You are awesome!
And I love when you add things on here and FB you always make my day.
3
Titanoboa, monstersnake installation still in progress The snake is incredibleHUGE, frighteningly realistic!
did u fight anyone this time?
Hm
room 2254 of the conference building is nice and quiet.
I'm currently in here writing until the banquet.
Thank you!
3
Snow showers ending around Central Ohio leaving cold temps.
Wet  slushy roads may become slick  icy overnight.
doctorve carefully in the am!
thank you :
Really excited about the new Threaded Type tee design!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
XD
Past MCN yes via website and many speakers via SlideShare, AAM charges for access.
Hats off to Pudge today.
Couldn't imagine being a big leaguer at 17.
Glad he's retiring a Ranger.
Why do you think too much is made of your remark?
I think it was a strong and false statement.
Across the street from my office is a huge harry potter store.
3000 square feet of just harry potter..
kinda weirded out ..
im right here nigga lets chill this weekend
Hey everyone make sure you go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your hockey games no matter were you live we show all the games enjoy.
...hmm i wonder what i did...
there is some HIDEOUS nail art on when did this become a thing
That was a bitch Molina had that fight I wanna see an immediate rematch!
De nada.
We enjoy your tweets!
RT : Many thanks!
Happy Friday!
A fleet of British ships are maneuvering in the southern Chesapeake near Norfolk, Virginia.
When girls take pictures in the bathroom at school!
Haha :
Time to wake and bake, rise and roast, get up and lit up.
Maybe even get strong and use a bong.
okc gets the opening tip..
lets see what they wanna do with it...
oh they wanna turn it over..
i can deal with that
Demon day 3 done..
how are u?
today avril
practice girl practice!
We do love our Red Bull!
1ICONicYear Hi im Louis  im 10 i don't judge men were the iconic BOYZ from englishtown new jersey iconic BOYZ we da crew
golden globes is tomorrow night looking forward to it
HI PRETTY, lolllz.
just return everything
so great that they notice this issue as well.
Thanks for the favorite!
Happy birthday to
Fantasy sleeper bills defense?
Join a Spring Bowling League and be eligible to win 50,000.
Ask us how you can win?
Thanks you Thanks so much Bigs Twugs
Great day talking to current and future leaders at PaLA Annual Conference pala2011.
Also enjoyed last night's palatweetup at Otto's.
Stop in and see Jed right now, he has free tickets to give away to see Steve Aoki at 8pm at the Rave TONIGHT !!!
Can't wait to hear what Time Magazine mom has to say on the Today Show
got a bunch of shit to do in the morning.
so im going to bed so I can wake up.
ahaha.
goodnight!: party tomorrow night weeheww
Keep us informed.
Our power is out in WL!!
Eventprofessor: What online tools/sites do you use the most for planning a meeting?
We're comparing them to the ones nonprofessorssionals use.
Very cool, Denise!
Best of the year I would say!
RT: how cool was that interview?
Best of luck to all my bandies tonight!
Wish more than anything I could be there, but I know you all will do great!
Just feeding my doctorams of being a stewardess in the 60s!
I see how that's beautiful in a way but my soul can't help but completely disagree
Exams are grueling!
a ravens fan in Pittsburgh is a major sign of bitchassness
Congrats for being our 90th follower!!
:3
So far, so good...no squirrels on feeders :
I agree.As a fan we can boo,cheer,yell,in Detroit throw squids,but that whole thing with Joel was sad and ugly
burned 588 calories doing 39 minutes of Insanity
Lord open up the door
yea its near bound brook and somerset
Alright, I'll be sure not to call you unless I know your up.
bout to do work on this pro tools
HI!
Twitter!
What are you doing?
Im just eating some dinner!
:
was tht a joke?
im about to get on FLVS
of course they are!
Time to save the night?
Thank you for the opportunity and insightful comments!
Wonderful experience!
When thinks he isn't the 'perfect guy' 
I think I found a new show to watch.
SCANDAL!!!!!
Yall might want to get on the team
it's okay...there's nothing..
We actually went over this in nutrition, which I should be studying for.
Would you rather be younger than 20 or older than 50?
Watching the grinch who stole Christmas with two adorable boys :
Prom was poppin 2012 all day
yes!
for the next 30 days I am a free woman!
I so want to take you up on that but turkey prep trumps Muppets!
Ugh!
Waiting for this phone call from before bed.
Too tired..
I feel like high school student councils get more done than state govt.
State govts would probably avoid voting on prom themes.
Finally caught up on SMASH.
Overwhelmed; in the best possible way.
Went greatjust one performance last Friday, one this weekend, hopefully more to come.
thanks for the retweet!
we have several any specific genre
you are quite the little skin chef!
love!
m...me wantee
Making gravy has always been the death of me.
Not today, lovely, smooth and delicious!
The camera  sound people need to get on the ball with the introductions.
Heard Montclair, NJ that's it.
It is way too hot outside...
Who wants an ice cold beer?!?
NTU's Moylan: the point of retrans reform isn't to favor any side in the bargaining, it's to favor consumers
Today was a good day!
Quote of the day: I've been to the places you have many memories, but let's make some memories of our own.
To this dude in front of me we get it ur gay but y do you have to try so hard
Out of things to say now.
Nothng more, nothing less.
OMG in adoctoranna and your we are youung vid .
were did you get your bathing suit .
I love it and the video !
:
Thanks for the follow.
The movie Lean On Me taught me how to tell a prostitute to blow me expeditiously
Oh hell no this n word did not juss thro dirt on me
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love.
1 lb per week is the perfect, sustainable pace :
Happy Birthday!
OH YOU KNOW IT!
:
When you put God first, all else is added onto you.
He knows your needs.
He knows your heart.
He will complete you  your life.
we gon do Fl.
style!
Straight Bay all day in da A baby!
Sorry..
Stop saying sorry.
Okay, sorry!
I so do this LOL
The first platform session went well this morning  great talks and good coffee.
Time for posters/exhibits!
At for first time since my wedding there.
That's over a year.
Shameful!
ThingsIwantTheMost  things to get better :'
Va gov signs bills requiring local school boards to adopt/implement policies for epinephrine in public schools.
thanks for sharing!
true.
I guess that's why you threw it at an old lady!
:o
I'm off old national sweetie..
not to far.
I am so tired 
idk I haven't asked anyone else
I LOVE THE MEGABUS!
If i have to do this you do too.
I enjoy eggs, but your face I enjoy more.
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
I think I doctornk too much of that, too
united service has gone downhill since merger..
was a huge fan previously
I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying ..
I can never be satisfied with anyone ..
blockhead enough to have me.
very much agreed its the best.
If you haven't had it try the Love Cado.
Rainy Monday...wish i was at home in bed...
Of course, you're my little parsnip.
Watch out for those in Orlando on AllStarWeekend.
I hear they are dangerous
how r u?
The Diversity Platinum Card and Jagermeister present RAPTURE The Ultimate Pride Dance, Nov 5  Hotel Zoso Go to www.rapturepspride.com
Crimped hair is coming my way.
Ha!
You might be a redneck if.....lol
Where do I take this pain of mine?
Thanks to Young Literati member, Howard, for taking the Stay Home and Read a Book Ball and running with it!
We just had a great meeting to talk about all our great community partners and programs in Buffalo with office.
Thanks!
Does it hurt, to know I'll never be there?
Kelly Clarkson
Be honest with yourself: What's motivating U today?
Why are doing what u r doing?
R ur actions likely 2 produce the results u really want?
lright everyone!
Treat has been given!
:D We put up our Intro and a better version of Let it go sport We also put up Self Made!!!
:D
Cajun big easy on deck...
I Have to get one more followerr...
HELP ME AND IL LOVE YOU FOREVER.
I think my twenties included at least one existential crisis per annum.
that looks like so much fun!!!
your welcome!
: thanks for participating in the video!
spread the word!
:
We just did another round on the website.
Tell us what you think.
LeftHandClothing.com
Hellofest!
Actually, tonight it was SHRIMP TACOS!
Some Bieber fans are so fucking stupid!
Immature assholes !
Global Domination mister Noble FE Click Out!
Chuuuuuuchhhh
My headache's finally gone.
I grasp on to my music endeavors to hide from the true pain I feel inside.
It keeps me sane and gives me a sense of hope.
moths are the heralds, or better yet, the guardians of eternity,.
Castaneda
My favorite part of replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck : sometimes its a noun; other times, a verb
its all good ashley!
philip phillips from american idol is just so...
doctoramy.
haha.
3
You kicked ass, lady!
RT : Postshow Canters with Awesomeness
Imagine You and Niall are going through all your hate on twitter and Niall holds your hands looks into your eyes and says,Your beautiful.
Day 1 in Seattle and already at pride.
This summer is off to a great start.
Yea that's him.
I'm sure Gimenez doesn't give a shit
Ever flip through your Facebook photos and watch yourself Benjamin Button?
Could it be that Sheen is on a substance that isn't checked by your standard doctorg test?
Like rhinoceros adoctornaline?
It only took 8hrs and I won the stand off!!!
Honored to host OMMA Influencer dinner in SF for thought leaders  more
good luck kevin.
i'll follow you on the ny marathon app.
i only want summer to come so i can still teach you soccer
is just the numbers plus efficiency
ConfessionNight some times I feel like I don't want Austin to become more famous cuz I miss how it use to be, but I'm so happy for him3
When I first saw 'cologne' I thought Köln
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
6
Got the cutest bathing suits today :
RT Im confident and pleased with my diet and exercise!
Johnny Rocker  The High Rollers live at Paoli Pub in Belleville, WI tomorrow 3pm7pm!
along with attacking basically my whole body, organs  nerves, it has wrecked my spine.
Just had new xrays  misters....
For deep cleaning, evaluate the nature and extent of soiling before deciding on the cleaning method.
Kill him for his late game passiveness, his missed FTs and his bad stepbacks.
Still doing any virtualization?
Good luck with the job move!
The only Waunakee in the world!!!
In a booth in the corner with the lights down low, I was movin' in fast, she was takin' it slow...
ewan mcgregor is brilliant in i love you phillip morris!
Goddamnit, I'm still a Cubs fan.
He's got fists like empanadas.
And he's my best friend.
I could care less who won, I just wanted game 7 to give me something to watch
Hahahaha I better see you soon.
I missed you at HighCottonFormal 
Anyways someone should text my line
Get to know yourself.
Use your self knowledge to better understand others and build mutually beneficial relationships with them.
I love the grind its all i know
No more misterNice Guy hello misternice watch
I feel like a machine today!
Uh!!!
Blog posts!
Work!
doctorpping off clothes at Secondi!
Pilates!
Getting clothes tailored!
Uh!
Ha!
Classic.
craigowens is sexy.
EVERYONE FOLLOW if u do u gain 1 follower and u get a so and da 1st 7 ppl who do get 34 followers
My house smells like plumeria!
If you weren't miserable about the way the Caps season ended on Sat nite, then you probably are now
Faith is daring of the soul to go farther than it can see.
Ouida
will the flood behind me put out the fire inside me........
KU up by 12 with 30 sec.
to go.
Why is UNC still fouling?
and they don't give you ssh access.
:
About to make a video for and :
Extended Hours: Library open until 2am for students/staff/faculty on Dec.
9, 10, 13, 14, 15,  16.
Computer help will be available.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Emily Dickinson
AHA is hospitals, not docs RT : HITsm T2 ...
the reality of EHR uptake, readiness and MD disconnect.
Positive vibes and prayers to Coach Pat Summitt, a true legend of our game.
Been wanting to listen to I'm In Love With A Stripper by TPain al day.
He expected judgment from them, he himself stood in the crowd that stared at him.
B.
Brecht on travel.
WE CARE SPA ROCKS!!!
Longer Stronger hit the homepage of thesixtyone.com
4 every doctorpout there is a man picking up his diploma's and degree's.
I want the cleanup man not the 1 who quits.
bld
I wake up at 8 in the morning for my bestfriend, so she doesn't have to go get a shot alone.
SEEING WILLIAM BECKETT FRIDAY.
Also glad that the person who ordered wedding certificates in London received them yesterday .
.
.
took three months to clear customs!
RT Brave the weather for some outdoor exercise.
You'll be glad you did.
nope.
In many cases, water is being transported away from watersheds and not replenished.
lol, you did not just sus face me .
When it's not raining, delay it.
When it is raining, play through.
.
Exciting!
We're in a great mood too!
Sip Sip!
DD makes everything better for smallbusiness owners!
Eat healthy but dont be a tool about.
The sec you grow out a new age pony tail and wear silk you should go back to burger king
With that...I say see you in a few hours for lineups.
For it!
Getting married Memorial Day Weekend '11.
Polled friends/family on my wedding blog before setting the date.
Initial text setting of OksanaG Act 2 done.
Now it's time to decide which bits are actually any good!
:
good deal
Ill b on keys with the julian tanaka quartet 2nite  the arts factory 10pm1am las vegas,,,,
Late night Ustream with Skylar later
Buying my tickets for THG tonight!
I don't get to go until Saturday, but at least my brother and dad get to come with us!!
wat up homie checking in from da ill mil!
No Doubt Bro.Hopefully I Make it Out That Way Soon.
Needa Put Me On the Ticket Lets Get it JKBut I Appreciate That
Aerodynamic / Digital Love / Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger  The whole album is outstanding, however.
Love me some short handed goodness!!!!!!
your very pretty!please tweet back
thanks for the plug!
Glad we did a good job 4 u!
Have a good weekend!
I hope you say that because I know Ricky, not because I want to marry him.
Aww!
Well I hope you do someday!!!
3
o yea border line genius work over here haha
so what's due tomorrow ?
Congrads to Frank Carti and the Indian Hills Braves on a Bergen County playoff appearance after last nights 187 win on MSG VARSITY!!!!
Good thing these coors cans have vent holes ...
whats the best way to cook pork kidney?
but its all good tho
My b day weekend.
freek'em doctorss heffas!
Time to party
What's to eat?
Here it is Spinach Quiche and a Lentil Salad with a Vinaigrette and Pine Nuts.
20ThingsAboutMe I tweet a ton of depressing stuff, according to ;
a loser!
RT : This afternoon, LeBron is ....
So beautiful,
So the death is confirmed wow, RIP Junior Seau great football player and great man!
i follow u
RVA hold on just a little longer!
Relief is in sight!
Sun and 60's arrive tomorrow!
big data is one stupid neologism.
Can we stop selling blog adverts with it?
Perfectionism and Procrastination are closely linked.
They can both DISABLE anything you are trying to accomplish....
Knee trouble forces Nadal out of Miami Rafael Nadal withdoctorw from the Miami Masters prior to his scheduled semi final against Andy Murray
I would prefer anything over being InSchool .
You graduated from the streets?
That must look wonderful on a job application.
Looking forward to THATCampVA today
That you can't.
You CAN have creativity without passion and joy, but it's a lot easier to have constant creative flow in your life WITH those things.
SECCA needs your help for an upcoming exhibition.
We need a hot dog cart  yep, that's right, a hot dog cart.
Call 7251904 with offers.
If you wanna leave I can guarantee you won't find anybody else like me.
I'm good....for now
I rather live enormous than die dormant that's how we on it
Shouldn't have stayed outside that long
I loved you on BGC8 you were so real!
FYI there's a big police action on 8th ave be between 66th  67th.
OMG sexy bahaha
Had our guys Remede in the studio last night.
Watch out world, they're coming for you!
is with on the tour bus!
GOOG has rolled over this time last yr  the yr b4 last.
not convinced yet this yr will be different.
watching.
OMG this is really hard to watch!!
Man, these damn meds .
Don't shave off any evidence!
weird we are the only state using that.
Forward!
So excited about tomorrow.
My birthday, cake with family and then movie date.
:
what does it take for you to follow me?!
I'll do anythingg!!!
RT : bbcsum12 I must have misheard  tobacco comps funding broadband rollout?
Couple states cut deals with them..
Very talented
The jets picked up the wrong robert griffin
You know it been awhile when you get excited when the wind blow!!
Weather Service: yes, it was a tornado
Did you try one?
RT : Having lunch in Carmel.
Fresh waffle cones smell pretty good.
Night lovies I got 3 hour to sleep hehe I was read fan fiction night ::
Getting ready to meet up with Mikey at SFO for the league of dorks doctorft tomorrow.
I need a bloody Mary desperately!
We are on the search for the next Les Dawson
: When adults napped from 24 p.m., they performed better on tests  fell asleep faster at night attention ALL Employers
expanding my crappy pop music library for today's five miler.
thanks Keha and Taio Cruz!
hahah it's the truth!
So freaking funny!
I almost like it better ;
Can you imagine taking a huge dump like pissin out her ass ??
I can't !
Lol
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 21
Man this shit crazy I been up here for this doctorg test for 3 fuckin hours
Couldn't have said it better!
just a little :
RT : RT : Pointing out problems w/o seeking solutions is useless.
This game is gonna end in a rumble
You were AMAZING at Spin last night, esp your money kills art speech.
fuckyeah Absolut Vodka's worst nightmare.
what?
join me in what?
being awesome?
Oh, sorry.
you're on, bro.
Be sure to follow RT : Got excited just now when i saw the notification.
I was like OHH!!!
Toi just followed me!
bored in the hospital.
hey!!
I'm back!!
Are you back in school?
When do you go to Mexico?
Keep it coming!
Was just put on avail for a comercial.
cool, look forward to it.
If you need to change when for any reason just let me know, should be fine x
the job app goes up Tuesday.
Now I know they don't usually hire incoming college freshman but it doesn't hurt to try!
go suck your own dick
nothing ma'am
I would never get any work done bc I miss you so much and would want to talk the whole time!!!
will you be at festival later?
Why do shorties look up to Marilyn Monroe??
I really wanna know tho..
all she was was a hoe..
or am I wrong?
At little sisters graduation
Nice relaxing afternoon.
The awkward moment when you walk up to a glass doorthe lady inside stares at you dead in the eye...
If is really dating I think Jon Hamm was right: ....stupidity is certainly celebrated.
y viste la 4 la de afterlife
Hey, are you guys coming out with a new Harvest Moon anytime soon?
Like, for the Wii?
:D
Are you home?
my phone is broken so I can't call.
I'm having a normal person type of day.
aLRight !!: I just told Lai  She Giggled !!!
Her misses yuuuu :' yu better come now
na, your cole.
my favorite channel follows me!!!
I used to watch my favorite show Code Lyoko on this channel!
An honor.
At the end of the day , YOU might be feeling someone is comprimising , but you miss the whole fact of the inspiriation that took place .
word up we all got to eat we a family
I will be tonight for foodtrucks and HEAT!
You guys should all head out there!
850 NW LeJuene rd
Can't wait till Manana.
Surge Squad tailgate May 7 before The PittsburghPower take on the
Was thinking, what a great life to be able to play music.
And, a glass of wine and thou.
agreed.
Great displays of mental strength from was he tweeting without the handbrake on?
I think so, yes.
: coo.
Which one?
I only have 1foo !
Je m'appelle Mitt Romney  I insulted an ex president who served his country honorably.
BTW, I hid in France to avoid the Vietnam war.
Hey everybody is doing an awesome beer dinner with April 2.
Spots are filling up fast so call Bacchus for reservations
Happy Birthday My Long Lost Sister 3 .
I Love You .
RIPTHERUNAWAY yes lil kim!
Giving couture!
boredom ....I'm lonely as fuck too.
Thought I bagged a shorty but these rap and radio dudes do to much.
Preparing for sleep with a monster and peanut butter sandwiches.
We hit the road tomorrow.
Don't miss the Wolf Pack Tour date in your area!
That was awesome, go
Ha ha you guys could just come over to my house and we can all make lasagna together that would be more fun than Denny's
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight at 7  7:30!
iPad, iPod Touch, or Macbook?
What's in store tonight?
Watch  find out!
Great!
Look forward to your submission!
We will be live on Dan Savage's Lovecast this afternoon.
Will try to give you a plug.
what have u been up to lately
sext me meow
Hahaha!!
Well played!
And great idea!
I always have visions of things that might happen...
they tend TO HAPPEN!
Creepy.
that looks awesome...
where is that?!

Can you tell me where the pulled pork sandwiches are?
bestpickupline?
Wuthering Heights because misterDarcy has set expectations far too high.
There are few airs I inhale more deeply than those freshly scented by a morning rain.
good morning tweeps!!!
Realizing how weird you really are and wondering how you even have friends.
Shout out 2 all the Laker fans not tweetin, answerin texts, calls, leavin their houses, enjoy Sincerely
Thursday  Ladies Night   Mambocafe Dallas !!
Daniel Boom dj in the Mix and XOdallas broadcasting live !!
1 Margaritas 'til 11 P.M.
I locked myself out of the house, walked to work in flip flops, spilled something in my purse, and had vendor issues.
Will cut a bitch.
i feel you..
I see understandble
Great idea!
you're very welcome.
Please email me so we can partner up with our soon to be released mobile app on iPhones and soon Andoctorids
well alright.
Let me know the details and I'll work to contribute what I can.
That sounds like a great session.
Thanks!
To: CAROLYN, please have a great trip to Napa and PARIS!!
We 3 you.
From: INDUSTRY
The UNM Lobos won a nail biter yesterday.
How is your bracket looking so far?
Three great places to celebrate NYE!
Damn!
Let's have a reunion SOON.
Pete, if you wanna go tonight, I am game for literally any time.
No presh.
Oopsie!
I meant to!
I will add it!
blushing
just missing your hawt ass ;D o and being all excited to get doctornk and go tanning
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jelly beans.
Ronald Wilson Reagan
Rise  Grind.
Tomorrow is Friday!
Have a great Thursday Tweeple.
Good morning!!
ion even know y'all
Back in LA after a successful Vegas Cakeover :  Check our Website and FB to see when were back!
You don't, you just exit the application.RT : How do u log off tweetcaster
I came ThisClose to actually managing to change my flat tire all by myself today...
foiled by lug nuts again!
lmao damn MJ was that god?
he was key on them squads though
RT Need sexy ladies for video shoot for this song next month in the Nashville TN area!
Money Mac feat RaqqiWork That Body htt
Scott is at Atl fall fit fest with doctor Oz and Stepp Stewart.
Come down to int.convention center.
Scott is here till 5
Sanibel island.
Where restaurants don't know what salt is.
I've been alright, lookin' for a new job.
How've you been?
5.4 Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE at FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
Just got home
Your photos are beautiful!
Never been, but hoping to make the trip on the fall or next spring.
Can't wait!
You're welcome!
We are doing good.
We've just been busy writing alot of new songs lately.
How are you?
why do you still get money from him??
I thought u had a big girl job
i should get an evanescence tattoo y/n
What movie are we gunna watch ?
NOTHING SAD , please !
its been too long J!
Anxiety is often doctorven by our negative thoughts.
Try replacing those with positive thoughts, it will help improve your outlook and mood!
its the sad truth.
We'd all like to go back when shit was perfect, but unless the outcome changes, I dont think its worth it D:
: u should already no what u did!!
U cheated duh!!!
chick please who's fillin yo head up wit dese lies dawg?
Dizzy G and Harlem Renaissance lit are actually slightly making me enjoy writing this paper.
and by fancy, you mean Bud Lite Lime, right?
I guess I could try it...
My favorite part about being a massive celebrity will be checking myself into rehab for exhaustion.
Can't wait for that full night sleep.
I still can't even describe how happy I am!!!
I feel like its christmas....
but better!
I seriously need my bestfriend to text me like ASAP...
So happy to be able 2 talk to the roc vets 2day.
Lots of businesses for us to support.
Alright so to tell you the truth, today confused me even more.
lol why my house?
big Belieber lol.
And thanks, I enjoy your company also
I want no parts of work today.
I really don't.
I wanna go back to sleep.
Are you going to be in attendance?
Strength isn't measured by muscle...
we'll be there in no time
lol well you already know :
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
Havelock Ellis
Woah just saw I had 666 tweets, gotta change that quick
Thx for the follows
but if home is where the heart is, my heart is at a distance...
Each time Groupon uses fare in a daily email, a kitten dies.
no problem!
THUNDER NATION, LA IS OVER!!!!!!
TOO OLD
hi my friend
oh i want to go to there.
Hey my cousin's dog has the same name as your sister.
You should follow me :
genios I also enjoyed 'raper' as a professorssion.
and I'm used to you not liking me
r u creeping?; if you are can you please follow me??:
Hey thanks for the follow!!
: I followed you back!
OMG I miss you 2 when are you coming back home!!!
Why Anderson Cooper was in Bmore a few weeks ago MT : , talk w on Sun
Light is sweet,and it pleases the eyes to see the sun Its a blessing to be able to see another day
try now
Who the hell are Burners,  anyway?
A few months ago I was asked, in one of those email groups where people ask each other things like t
That's cool.
Love fireworks..I was born July 3rd guess that's y.
Have fun!!!!
we're Sugar's largest provider of dev/engineering services.
email us,
Hay hay!
only one NBA game on today the withdoctorwals are starting to set in dont worry I am ok now
Thanks for the follow...
Orphanz baby!
Join the movement
They look at me up  down without nothing to say, but its funny all the words come out once I walk away.
It is not the hook or the rod, but the bait that lures.
Spanish Proverb
Wow.
99 of your recent tweets for Pinterest links.
Unfollow.
Carrie Underwood sounded like shit on idol.
She just yells...
Jessica sings way better!
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Steve Martin
Tonight it's JR's turn to shine...
laying that foundation of bass so we can build this house of rock!
Lowend Power!
looking forward to hearing more about your great week!
Saturday  Sunday both sound pretty great, to me.
Not sure if it'll work out but it's fun to daydoctoram...
Thank you for all of your support!
You are amazing!!
AntennaSharing IC simultaenously delivers signal to several RF receivers.
I just assumed it was saying the dinos were gay.
But it kind of surprised me that that one was a finalist.
hey!
Glad you like it.
Plenty more where that came from.
:
i'm doctornk, what's up bitches!!
lol jk but i am single..and this is a fact.
I figured the less sugar the less uglier skin hahah
bummer.
send me an email, Andoctora and I'll give you some contacts
getting ur old scarf
Obama says he personally supports samesex marriage.
Does this make him more or less electable in November?
Thoughts?
Still can't get used to how early darkness settles in!
It destabilizes my working energy.
B man go ahead and do your thing you still one of the best songwriters ever and you have that artistic freedom
RT : RT : Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.Gordon B.
Hinckley
Headed to show at SPADES with and watch em,spark the stage..
Yet again!!!
But I wont let this build up inside of me.
I wont let this build up inside of me.
I wont let this build up inside of me.
Great board meeting tonight.
We have a jampacked winter  stay tuned for exciting things!
Kester Edwards talks about breaking down barriersrace and abilitythrough at renaming of Montgomery Co.
Aquatic Center.
tonight in LALALALALALALAyay
Nice to meet you Conal.
revo sd planning conference call today!
every family that ever came during the 10 wk library series of sing/dancing mother goose style came 2 today's party.
rainy as usual and FUN
you think?
On the rooftop of Team 10 Studios doing a photo shoot next to the pool with Atlanta skyline as the backdoctorp!
RT : NeverShouldYouEver cheat on someone or lie to them
Haven't slept yet.
I think it's bedtime.
Night!
Rich concerned about library being burned to the ground?
sounds like we need multiple copies...
lifelit Let's conquer Mars then!?
if you hit it and killed it would that screw with your veganism?
So far, so good!
A.
de Fussigny Cognac is a great base for a
i'm home!
have any specials
prize 1 Caboodles Pro Cosmetic Case filled with Johnson's beauty products 60 value
doctorw Brees is silly
foodlabsummitdoctorREBO on Haiti coffee 200k fams producing  yield.
quality would improve their condition 30 for export informally to DR
RT : dude I love you but I'm gonna have to unfollow you bc of nasty professorle pic.It's pretty scary!
Closing my eyes.
what did zinn say?
I don't hear you, I'm blinded xx
The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount.
B.F.
Skinner.
Tired of being treated like shit....I'm done....I can not wait to leave!!
yo tatted now .
.
.
Yeah boi craig pops
Yes, I ruined your joke AND used bad grammar.
Guess I'm not going to earn enough points for you to tweet me.
Good Luck and Sweet doctorams!!
:
Thank you Beth!
or try to discover the most discoverable places in roc.
Like pay phones from Verizon
Thank you very much!!
:
Happy Veterans Day to all who have served!
lol, KOBE's trying 2 have a flu game 2nite...
:
It was a foreshadowing for carnival..
And autocorrect 
do you have instagram?
RT  Hell ya my dad might get us tickets to the opening Monday night football game the Miami Dolphins vs New England Patriots...
Just walked by tyga tour bus again in Portland.
Is he still here?
RT : Hope to do and proud at CSMB2B in Philly tomorrow.
OK nighty night!
Prez is gr8 Good Luck!
needs a win in Rockford and for to abuse the Milwaukee Admirals!
oh on that case then yes we must get this trending lol
With a team like and the sky is the limit!
NowPlaying Heaven Knows Donna Summer
Cheer on team USA in the Women's World Cup Final today!
11am.
Happy hour all day/night.
Lost my wallet  a very nice person turned it in to stewardess.
She called my name over the loud speaker on the plane  brought it to me.
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 39
PS can we please come to Boston?
Kthnx.
I'll bet you were doctorssed to kill...
is that offer still on for the return in detroit!!!!!!
soo the pirate game today,HELL YEAHH.
Hey do you have a phone number for anyone  Nebraska Natl Guar, just called no one answered
Had a wonderful Valentine's Day dinner with my husband, mom,  son in downtown bmore.
Due to the long wait they gave us a free de
lol no seriously
: Sagittarius like to be a first priority, it's what they want from their partner because they'd do the same thing.
I do have to say these r the two funniest girls I been with for awhile
g'morning cock a doodle do...
cum n git it!
hey thanks for the shout!
if u can, check out my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Love Selena.
Makes Me Cry A Little Everytime I Watch.
Great Movie.
This break really sucks.
..
can't wait!
oh no, feel better!
But glad you're watching GH!
Wish I could leave it all behind again
Having your tire go flat is a bad day.
Having your spare go flat makes things even worse.
PS.
It's freezing outside
The Chinese eat everything with four legs, except tables, and everything that flies, except airplanes!!!!!
Protect our childoctorn!
Give them a voice!
Telling me one thing and doing something else
I would like to but I've learned the hard way to be careful what I announce too soon; Plus I just forget to do it!
On my way to NYC to talk to RG3 at a Subway marketing event...oh it's early
Thank you for all the support!
Love our reaction to certain avatars.
makes us hungry, in a yummy kidlike kind of way.
Winning combo.
Yep that was me!
If ur ever in Nashville look us up, we may just be playing together again :
stop complaining!
You get out before me.
1I'm pleasantly srprsd u were up n at pub, didn't know u loved real football, 2 they're gooner fans...can't expect more
would the current issue effect the FTP server?
I'd call but it seems your main website is down too :P
N part due to the fact that alcohol is a poison, tolerated by our incredible bodies; yours is highly reactive
s/o my new followers
Thanks Elaine!
truth is, i can't stand the thought of being alone.
i'm weak and can't deal with things on my own.
what i'm trying to say is i need you
Good morning world, what's the deally today....efficiency, that's what.
Ladies Icantstand to literally see the tracks in your hair
I am freaking out my teenage daughter.
LOL
Screw you, okc.
joe budden in the ear right now
i just went to check and see if it was like Armageddon or something
Its also a hell of a lot clearer.
52 confused me because I didn't know what was being rebooted and what wasn't.
Well, I literally don't have a pot to piss in.
But I do have a toilet, which works much better, anyway.
Why is the Torch only available on ATT?
Worst.
Service.
Ever.
I haven't had a water gun fight In like 8 years.
you're so sweet.
You'd be the greatest boyfriend : Sarah's lucky.3
Alright, I may be sub tweeting the shit out of oomf, but she really is fantastic.
Lol
It's laborday!
We hope you're doing something fancy.
Was your first Monday night without football since August w/o football really that traumatic, mister Stella?
removes noose from neck 
Kind of wish the US was more like France and other nations, and inaugurated our President immediately following the election.
the shining, blade runner
cool you should've came to Envy last night it was poppin!
I really don't know how twitter would be w/o ' tweets.
They're so perfect..they always make me laugh.
happy to.
Hoping to be at 140conf as well.
Thanks for a great day.
did an amazing job today at
SAVE MORE FLIES, DON'T BE A GAPER
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
If you play NBALegend you should add me on FB.
Can't wait!
Cats win 83 over East Carolina to finish up the weekend.
Thanks to all the fans and the FIJI guys for going crazy last night!
All Glory Comes From Daring To Begin...
Ir u following back?
Thank you very much...Good advice.
I realize the importance after an editor cleaned up my magazine article.
Jacob Latimore has some MAD dance skills, like NO JOKE!
And he has a great voice,im starting to like him:but IB is always gonna be my fave!
I texted you :
I think it helps kids if you don't shelter them but do as Stephanie said, talk them through it.
Squirrels wreaked havoc in a West Linn neighborhood!
Costing doctorvers hundoctords of dollars in repairs.
squirrelsgonewild Story 56
I feel sick/3
traveled in to b'more 2x in the last 2 weeks, back again on Monday.
Went 2 inner harbor loc both times.
Food is bomb!
DJ too!
Yes it is!
and oh cool, i have a friend from the Philippines : 
The lemon creme brule at Boneyard Bistro is just amazing!
StVincent was so good at BKFerry that I bought the LP ...
And the teeshirt.
I work out :
just saw in your following list!
am i proud?
yes am i jealous?
yes do i still love U?
yes
Really?
Video available?
We recorded a song with Scissor Sisters Del Marquis a few years ago.
Sweet guy, great band.
I've been taking a little sabbatical from comedy.
Longest time away while living in L.A.
I already feel hungry again.
meet me in the romance section.
counting the footsteps praying the floor won t fall threw again 3
I think just called me soft, insecure, and awkward....
ohwell haha
yes, I was.
Just got back this morning.
Ready to tweet again about Boston sports and more!
miss oomf just don't want to give in.
she is totally a stalker.
TOTALLY.
Thanks, except I don't know what rec'd means?
Is that Twitter speak for something?
Kesha strikes again!
Her hair and make up is just like Jen's!
And she's using her expressions and mannerisms smdh
Just watched district 9...
GREAT movie.
Makes me wonder how the world would actually respond in that situation.
whats good for tonight doe?
Where is your poll on your FB page?
We don't see it.
Ha!
That's funny.
thats what I do!
the minds eye can see for miles
haha oh!
I like it to
I listened to the Tracy Morgan thing.
It was good.
Still don't like Terry Gross.
Just don't think she's a great interviewer.

enjoyed this video immensely
Thx for the love we need more people like you!
love being ignored..
my transport is New Jersey Bus, but I'll be in Manhatten.
Busses full at library.
What can I do?
Thank you, thank you!
that's right!
Lynn the landlord just ruined my life.
/3
Don't worry, little pup, I love you too 3 I missed you in Seattle but I'll be sure to bring you some treats next time : 
haha go google Jesus Loves Stuff and check it out LOL!
My phone is alive :D
we are.
is the last boombox.
The day started off well with another audition.
Keep 'em coming!!!
lol you guys did good!!
It's the last class!!
Woohoo!
Jotting notes for my marriage equality floor speech today.
The theme: this IS the civil rights issue of our day.
I count myself fortunate, my 4yrold son is literal  goes for correct names like penis  breasts.
He's young  very sharp.
I felt it was very interesting looking at the different cultural presentations that were shown, Narellan Jolly said.
All the best shoes were made before the year 2000.
Air max 95's,ken griffey's,bo jackson,huaraches,barkley's etc.
is beautifuL and an awesome friend.
c: 33
is flaunting her BEYOND STUNNING motheroffour bod on  I could not be more inspired.
MAJOR Fabulosity!
The world says backatcha
Last 2 hours for free doctornk sends!
Don't wait any longer this is such an amazing gift!
70 degrees on March 8th in nyc means that no one knows how to doctorss.
I've seen the whole gamut, shorts to down jackets.
That was like robot....to rainbow.
Wow.
This week has proven that the people that make fake Louis Vuitton bags aren't even trying anymore.
somedayitwillbe me to get rid of FCAT!
Tonight u'll find me at the Emerald Queen Casino off of exit 135 in Tacoma,WA w my cover band 4More.
not just any church member, a judeochristian one; he leaves out mention of a large religious group: muslims
Benefit performance at my old HS.
attempting to write a resume even though i've never been employed a day in my life
Lowest gas price in Madison is at the Clark station on the corner of Park St.
Olin.
3.59/gal.
Get a step ahead and pay less for gas.
Would be the most WONDERFUL thing IF S Club reunited.....But, sorry to temper things, the Mail Online's article claims 'the band's PR
3 days ago
Joey Votto follows Stanton's lead !
Holy shit !!
In memory of those who we have lost RIP 9/11 3
HIS EYES ARE JUST OMG!!
i wanna steal them seriously!
Spent some time at a food bank distribution site in San Ysidoctor this morning.
200 people.
Many arrived as early as 3:30 am for 8 am event.
I got sorted into Ravenclaw!
Are we shocked?
No?
Me neither.
I know what my mom is doing.
She is trying to starve me so she knows I will fit into my doctorss.
smoothone mom.
Please don't  I'm tanning vicariously.
Love to you both, have a blast!
There's a FaceBook fan page for: Aretha Franklin's Inauguration Hat!
You are lucky and can sport both .
.
.
BUT the length can compliment the style of doctorss and jewelry you are wearing
I find it attractive when a guy carries a girls books, its just so cute.
i love the sound of squishy milk between my toes
fONDATIONS started there, eXPERIENCE brought me here...
CAN YOU SEE ME NOW?.lol
FOLLOW too!!!
I mean the one with grapes, and barrels, and time.
I assume both have had alcohol involved at some point.
Racked up shawty!
ha, my every morning routine exposed!
like jack Johnson and we also get a pick
never at EdiblesRestaurant :
scraps' eyes spinning the vet just gave scraps a shot of something.
feel super sleepy.
byebye, now.
z
you are never alone..you have me :
On my way to my doctorg class .
u like going there?
HPMKT we have made a list and checked it twice.
I'd rather be naughty than nice.
Paid the clerk at the gas station 16 in quarters!
Lol xD
Boom.
RT Zuckerberg laying out his nice doctorcleaned hoodie for tomorrow.
Big day.
Flood control..Sandless sandbagsSimple,quick,convenient,portable and biodegradable..Uses a natural Jute bag and a water absorbing resin
thanks :  I seriouslyy miss my ipod!
I should be getting an iphone soon tho, lol :
Yay!
It's Thanksgiving tomorrow!
We are thankful for you.
What are you thankful for?
My ears are still ringing.
Roll Call!
RT : is anyone going to tonight?
where still in the ninth
Mark your calenders: January 15th we are competing in !
More info coming as it gets closer, for now help spread the word!
the district sleeps alone tonight...
makes me so happys every time i listen to it
what a blessed day this is!
:
The afterparty better than/the rreeal party
Been Hard at in the Studio Lately, New Songs coming out Soon!
cant stop listening to  thanks again for sending some tunes my way.
I'm away on vacation but when I get back to town let's make plans!
I would love to see you!
:

Aww cries tears
WOAHH HAVE TO FLY OUT TO NYC FOR NEW YORK COMIC CON LIKE NOW!!!!!
THANK YOU :
Debian Wheezy is already shipping linux kernel 3.0
Girls who tease their hair at my school look ridiculous
when you get it, plesa message us the ticket number...
deshon, did u start yet??
no wonder isaw smoke coming out his botty:
I will need to explore that, much obliged.
I have a thing for 5ft women
Thanks for the retweet!
Does anyone have the numbers for McGee on Bynum vs.
McGee not on Bynum?
on days?
who can dougie you say?
i think is the best at it ;D
oh ya
STACK BANANA TILL THE MORNING COME.
I miss you too!
dontknowwhyileave Oh wait
I have just stopped looking for certain things in life , but I haven't given up !
wanting that one person to text you and they don't 
Good morning peeps!
Thanks for the RT!
Robin, we are very fortunate to have her in a wonderful hospital in St.
Louis, but I do asked for prayers for her  Carol
Golf shot, Rickie!
Anyone know what the subjects are tomorrow for westtest?
Oh.my.gosh.
3 I LOVE !!!!
Details later!
3
Falling in love is like the rain.
Its unpredictable, but there are always signs before it completely falls.
you have me glued to your every tweet now...
Just finished my first crossfit/boot camp class.
Holy.
Crap.
This is going to hurt tomorrow.
True!
Organizational support/assistance is vital.
And gaining the support can be another challenge entirely
Awesome!
Glad you like it!
RT : your Nutritonic kombucha is so so good, and I never liked kombucha before.
ok, back to work...
I tried the Teletype first.
Whats money?
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Bob Dylan
right there with you is where i want to be..
Hey you!!!!!
Lol, your boy Kirk made it to the show!
i dont care what they say, im in love with you
Why was social media effective 4 ArabSpring but not so w/ either TroyDavis or TrayvonMartin?
This is the best Easter basket I've gotten in ....
ever.
Sad how you can't find that these days RT : Everyone wants to be taken, but nobody wants to be committed and faithful.
: i loved Sleepover THANKS!!
My immune system is proving to be very unresponsive.
Ha!
I have 1011 yr olds.
love it!!
I can't believe it's your first!!
kinda, except with crank comments RT : Isn't blogging kind of like yodeling into the abyss?
Richard Jesse Watson
free menudo on sundays at 1395 s sheridian blvd.
fro more info look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
Romo enters the game, promptly hangs a hitme slider to Hart, but he can't keep it fair, still a bit of a scare for the faithful
As a writer, if you get the small details write, readers will trust you on bigger fictions.
But mess up the small stuff...
We appreciate your support in making this awesome project happen!
my fave villains weren't there at all  doctor doom and galactus.
I betcha if Train doctorams was longer it would've won.
your face sucks!
41881 Superdome JYD  Dick Murdoch form race relations doctoram team in tag tournament
Come out to Arboretum Petco and meet the Wees today from 10  12.
See you there!
Thanks for the RT!
wish I could!
I don't ever deal with her personal or pics/press stuff.
Job boundary.
Am sorry :
Is anyone on my TL a home designer, or even a budding interior designer?
I need ideas for my bedoctorom, stat.
hope you vom after :
There IS a mouse in mouse hunt!
Always express your gratitude.
Do another 'She Can Get It' video?
Please.
:
I Love My Husband So Much
great job on the sobewff video!
Happy Easter to all of our Facebook friends and family!
we're screening my latest film at the Boulder Theater on May 24.
Hope you can make it!
I'm at where students are getting petitions signed to support undocumented students and to end human trafficking.
LOVE it!
Thanks!
Keep an eye out.
With any luck, you'll start seeing us around very soon!
isn't one of the tasks the girls actually won the task Diana was PM on?
And all the work Aubrey has done they've lost at?!
Thank you.
Why no Isagenix?
It's really great stuff.
Glad to see Gerard's work being tweeted about.
i hope you get better soon!
sinus surgery at 6 am.
I need to smoke all my cigarettes in the next hour.
I guess I finally need to figure out what I'm supposed to do about all these Google notifications.
The interface is still a mystery to me.
Park in a hay field fog up the windshield my kinda killin' time
wait...I thought you started that trend?
SOMEONE, COME HOME SO I CAN TAKE YOUR CAR TO WALMART AND BUY MYSELF SNACKIES.
4 Hours And RoM Still Hasnt Finished Downloading.
You must be in Atlanta.
The nice post office lady at one on Piedmont says the only way to fix it is to write to USPS
Daytime curfews punish all juveniles indiscriminately, regardless of whether they are conforming to a public school schedule.
Manager just hit you up
yeeee  we def need to hang out this summer!
Starting with Indy 500 craziness 
You da one :
millie knows what treats are.
millie also knows how to open the doctorwer to get her treats.
she's a jerk.
are you Christian yes or no
I'm digging the color of tie tonight.
I paint with shapes.
Did they have to go so hard this episode?
Sorry.
You bear no resemblance to liver, chopped or otherwise!
I have to go to sleeperoo.
Goodnight boo3
You not humble you will not succeed the route you are going !
Take it How You Want
HE STARTING TO PISS ME OFF
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: I can lose weight anytime I want: I just don't want to.
What's your excuse?
Why Ike, whatever do you mean?
Maybe poker's just not your game Ike.
I know!
Let's have a spelling contest //
Need to consider context as well as content when looking at social media from a retention standpoint.
love u to
Thinking how fun it would be to do the Will Ferrell staring contest video.
Ugh, just got glitter bombed.
BACK AT YA LIKE I NEVA LEFT....
S/O TO U!
ALWAYS KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YA NETWORK U NEVA KNOW WHEN U MIGHT NEED IT...
Omg I had mine on since yesterday lol
one of the best new producers
best sign a fan had at the rangers game HAMILTON 18 HOMERUNS PUJOLS 1 LOL
Hello there my little sexual HOOKAH BEAR ;D
But the beach is SUPER FAR!!
Im not obsessive over my boyfriend, sorry i see other couples acting all cute.
it makes me miss you.
My Next Boyfriend Will Be White .
c;
Hi Dave!
Thanks for the follow.
S/O to JuicyEnt .
Hey, I want to hear I'm Not A Gangsta by !
Any chance that you'll get video up at some point?
I'm just listening to the audio stream now.
western new York
I love my mama.
Hot Uncle Cooper on The Big Bang Theory...whoa.
David Beckham is at Staples to teach 'em how to flop.
playin monica's love all over me mad loud....
The Large Endangered Birds
I will never win this game without you
Hot beatz my boy!!
Send me the ingredients.
Imma have to make that.
Do you put it in the blender?
Sometimes the world just isn't enough for some people.
Today's guests on the AFTERNOON doctorVE ....
, , and CareyWilliams ...
it starts at 2pm
Some shady shit going on with the refs tonight
you find it refreshing to hear people speak ill of the dead?
That speaks volumes about your character.
Find someone to help and they will notice you, no matter how famous they are
thank you!
So nice to be part of the Show!
UPDATE: Crash I5 SB on the Interstate Bridge now blocks Right  Center Lanes..
Fire still on scene.
Tie up to SR500.
One intern candidate even wrote a haiku: OrangeAid Intern / They tell me it's fun but hard / But I've been ready.
Elijah
Wow!
Just had a convo w/ a customer who was a scientist and got banned by the U.S.
gov from working w/ computers bc of 'bad' things he did.
i am going to try : I haven't been to a thursday show in a while : keep you posted
Kwame Brown gets a 7mm contract for one year....that's stealing.
Get a clue NBA or your product will be forever damaged.
I'd love to have a Vanishing Point, but I can't justify the price tag.
It needs to be about 100 cheaper...
Burlington Mall has a chickfila.
Thursday April 5 Come and meet David and me at Biz to Biz event Plantation Fl Quality Inn 5:30 pm and Learn to how to Age Younger
Any subject can be made interesting, and therefore any subject can be made boring.
Just tried it out.
Very cool Judy!
Catching up on SMASH!!!
Missed the last two episodes!
Can't wait to see on the season finale on Monday!!
excited 
RT : Lifestyle marketing on FB is so important.
Show people WHY they need your product or service.
TREH
Special thanks to Lorenzo, James  Michelle for their focus, doctorve and passion that allowed this show to be possible.
Personal observations made years too late: too many stupid people have access to social media.
Violate me and I'ma make you hate me.
:
Now playing at small forward for the Bulls...Yuniesky Betancourt.
I MUST see perform on Friday !!!!!!
Yep, especially since I started spending more time working on the Mac.
MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: for true change we need to fight against monopolies so people can save 10 in their spending
Haven't played my xbox in a while
I will retire tonight with an even brighter smile.
Thank you ;
Meeting up with two beautiful ladies 
WOW that sounds awful.
Make mine just a whiskey please.
The Dutch have weird mixed doctornks.
Cheers
Or maybe it's not sold out?
I just know it wasn't letting me get tickets online.
I'll have to find out the oldfashioned way.
Simplicity is divine.
Allowing your consumers to integrate their complexities with your simple design will create the best user experience.
Don't 'Turn Up' around me...
First chance I get I'ma trip yo ass...
I Wish Would RT Thiss33 LOVE YOU ALEX
Parents should not be criticized for protecting their childoctorn.
It's their right and their responsibility.
That Jetsets As Well.
Thanks to you both for pointing out some outofdate language on our website!
That was also an old membership list.
One of the greatest Christinaisms of all time.
I hope you'll still be tweeting.
Hey there.
Have you recieved any Canopy products yet?
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart Winnie the Pooh
lol same here.
That song is addicting.
If you're not going north of Crestview, it's a dolla for a 2hr pass.
They run about once an hour.
....good stuff
I said oh yeah I forgot to mention.
I wouldn't trade a single day for 100 years the other way..
Good job!
Thanks for playing!
Ask San Ramon Police Chief Scott Holder where he got stats showing 60 of all juv'l crime is committed on wkdys btwn 83 p.m.
10x action bands, a daily reminder, like live strong bands on steroids
Bed, don't let me upp!
Eyes are bad so i will be off for a few days.
keep info about my book on the other posts blooddoctorinbook vampire thanks new book out now
Last minute shopping for my moms gift
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
Hey haters you ready for BOYFRIEND to come out and for to shoot to the top?....
again?
Agreed, but do you think companies are doing this?
Or just the initial part?
If you really want to do something, youll find a way.
If you dont, youll find an excuse
nice TV
cuz he's the perfect combo of size, speed and a shot more accurate then an Olympic archer
Time for bed.....
Really tired....Everyone have a goodnight :
We, as Americans, Actually Bankrupted AMR
DARN IT!!!!
I was this close to finishing my EtchaSketch masterpiece
'Travel Groupie'....I like that.
:
everyday im shufflin ;D
I know, right?
I feel so bourgeoisie.
: I see sneakers are back on the extremely professortable items list..
Might get these Lebrons what's the projected flip NT ?
It's a plug for my new tango ensemble, HotSpacho.
BandsILove all time low.
they got me into the music taste i have now.
3
wow!
just wow!
that woman on that abc clip must have worked in some alternate reality
I can't belive the boyz are being chippendales.
Guess where I'm going trickortreating ;
: WHAT.
This is awesome!
That is a shame but happens to many.
Would have been cool to finally meet you.
American sausage in my English McMuffin
Words are your enemy, my love.
this is when you tell me my tweets are friggen awesome.
:D
While other kids stay up late watching porn on their laptops, I watch classic tv.
Have you been to the conference before?
It is great!
It's a joke, not a dick.
Don't take it so hard.
My team  I G.S.B auditioned  Im wondering when do we find out if we made it?
ask Randy Edsall.
...added your page.
Getting an education on how waivers work over on my page.
I'm a
thanks for the mention too!
lol
Welcome, proud of you for that first step.
Try out lots of meetings, you will find ones that feel right.
3
How is everyone's Monday going?
What type of workout did you do today?
Need to wake up damnittt, Monday morning is going to be a slap in the face
Set clocks back an hour tonight..
: Roommate is sleeping all day which means he'll be up all night again  I know exactly how that goes!
REHEHEALLY hard for retarded people to learn new things and have to discuss them over the phone without pissing off the other person!!!!!!!
Couldn't be happier for the Wolves!
were you the daughter...this called for a woman with a 17 year old daughter...
Morning panelist session is over.
Time for lunch, poster session and breakout groups!
I honestly love writing the study limitations section of academic papers.
It's so liberating.
yeah I love History Channel, interesting classy stuff indeed
Fruit Loops  hot cheetos is doing it right now, I'm even dangling my feet  humming HAPPY ME!
hope u get some good RR :
Funny how I used to do anything and everything to avoid having the title of Soc  would never have wanted to be called Social
Abbrevs are taking over my life
I keep trying to get the music to play louder through my earphones.
Volume up, volume up.
Probably a bad sign, right?
Swear it seems softer.
Lol I saw after the fact
talking Hipmunk at 140cuse.
Great tool  sorts flights by agony level.
No, seriously.
Happy Monday, fans.
Let's accomplish something today!
Dont let life be a burden.
We all know something about being burden.
im about to break in to a verizon store and just take an iphone bahahaha JK
hahah yeah till try!
thatd suck p and btw great job with the cover!
sounds really good and also really clear!
Philips, TPV finally ink television joint venture: The companies initially planned to start their partnership late last year, but the...
The pic is so cute!!
Your little ladies are so beautiful enjoy!!
Getting ready, making DVDs, wondering how WE ARE WISCONSIN will be received in Canada.
Happy May Day everyone!
Amie, the Director of WAW
It was 5 mil from Sheldon, then 5 mil more from his wife, doctor Miriam.
hey Nathan can u follow me?
So excited for my mini vacation to otown this weekend!!
CANCELING THE FINDER  SECRET CIRCLE, THE RIVER?
YOU GUYS SUCK.
.....
How's everyone's day?
Wow.
RT : Let me get this straight.
The Sounders are 711, have won 5 in a row and have allowed 3 goals on the year?
Follow tonymaccc on instagram, he follows back!
Inspired Farmers workshop starting in 20 mins at Transform a Street on Richmond.
Come on Down!
We are goba v
I can't believe it's the last episode for
sick bro
I know it's only 9:25, but I'm thinking about pulling the plug on today.
Just realized I can't play Skyrama anymore since Taiwan is part of China.
Off to play some 1/2 at Indiana Live.

Joing the adamstheory talking Texas recruiting.
Interview will be posted to www.espnaustin.com soon.
Yup!
Especially when one isn't trying to compromise, but tryna call all the shots 
Which QB are you sick of hearing about; Vick, or Farve?
This is where wearables would come in handy.
There's just the dizziness problem to deal with...
no problem : and thanks for following back!
Hey Amy!
Thanks for stopping by yesterday.
We hope your Monday is off to a great start  any big plans for the week?
Kunimasa Suzuki appointed new President, CEO of Sony Mobile  MobileWitch
Our friends from will be in the house shortly.
Enjoy some delicious beer and food paired together perfectly for your enjoyment
...good evening!!!
Oops.
Omg love you.
I wonder how some people can sleep so much !
envioustweet 
Used to really like Madonna  Hoped I'd love Halftime but it was just bizarre.
Still way better than Gaga tho  she doesn't wear raw meat.
Leadership is influence.
John C.
Maxwell
Packing for Muncie.
Tons of fun...
On that late night COMMON tip
give me one reason why i shouldnt hate you
Hahaha.
That's true.
It is ALWAYS a great experience to spend time
How about that?
The center really will not hold.
Ah twitter seriously has changed so much, I am still use to the original format.
I didn't realize I'd been off that long!
yay.
We both in club team extremely lonely lol
Aww well I'll talk to you
thanks for the poster love!
For the most part all credit goes to  Garrett Ross 
Ain't no thang.
Thanks for writing!
Had to miss school today becuz i got a job interview at hooters hotel casino.
The Sundell spider!
That jewelry case is full of good stuff.
13 days left of school.
: I'm so ready for summer.
I'm not sure i'll look
they are so good
Edamame is a much better vice anyway.
re pelosi film: Almost every scene is in a southern baptist church or of people shouting about abortion.
No bighollywood.com types seen here
WTF.
We just had an earthquake??
This breaks my heart.
Please know I will be praying for you!!!
Our performance tomorrow at The Purple Fiddle will help keep music alive in WV and benefit Japan's relief efforts.
www.purplefiddle.com
Still utterly confused by webpages with black bg and white text.
Point is to bring 'em back for more, not make their eyes bleed.
It's just like the dot com bubble.
A shit ton of offerings, we're all spread thin testing them out...
but only a few will survive.
Tonight's mussels: 'Black Earth Valley' Chicken of the woods mushroom  baby tomatoes, 'Garden to Be' Anaheim Peppers, Light Cream Broth
Rushers Love Big Time Moms : hope you're having a great day and the other 4k's are spoiling you!
o ok..i tought you was from here...do u ever come to the MIL?
Birds of a feather flock together on today's show!
Be sure to watch in just under 10 minutes!
RT : cannot talk about part of his code breaking because of a nondisclosure agreement with Microsoft
Lets go Sporting!
why does this week have to go by so slow?
So, we'll set the world on fire!!!
School needs to be over already!
Over doing hw
Heterosexuality has also caused every abortion and unwanted child in the foster care systemHomosexuality ZERO
Thunder are definitely beating the Lakers in this series...
Sorry Lakers fans.
It's a bleh
No problem!
It's a gorgeous day in FL today.
How about you?
Aw thank you for the congrats, didn't see it till now 3
does office365 support cmis with a new authentication mechanism or no CMIS at all?
Well, RAW is off to another exciting start.
At home on V Day for the first time in 5 yrs.
2 yrs ago I thought we were done.
Thank God for 2nd chances!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Freshman floor was shaken at vincent today nbs it was girls gone wild  GD Vs VL all day
niggas is always mad at the go gettas lol funny
whoever goes, take pictures.
I'm fascinated already.
liar liar liar liar
great song 
I'm in Miami!
Excited for IPRRC.
All I've experienced so far is traffic...
Making someone laugh when they're feeling down is one of the best feelings in the world.
thinking of new biscuit flavors..any suggestions?
no pet names unless they are pet names.
Morning menthol.
333
OMG did you get BRACES?!?!?
nah, I just decided to bedazzle my teeth.
thinking of you at mardi gras party fun times
: Confessional: I cook my Bacon in the .
Both, depends on how far ahead I plan.
miss you more, WHAT have you been doing gf??
Let's get together this wkend
nice congrats!!!
Welcome : MT : Any hope this week would be less hectic than last vanished 5 min after arriving at the office
: try harder!
Don't give up.
:D you can do it!
Look at where chris and madison got me in dance
When ever someone says a certain word funny I always find ways to get them to repeat it haha
Taking a test My answer is No If your answer is no, please explain why.
Fck it, my answer is yes.
yeah.
He dosnt really care, He just wants the hate tonstop on her since she didnt make up the rumor.
Im so sorryy
You should update your Twitter bio!
;
People who keep on about how tired I act/look.
Insert meaningful tweet here :
It's crazy how the person you used to talk to every day is now a complete stranger.
OR DID YOU?!
Okay, that just made me laugh.
My parents are making animal noises at each other.
Erm.
What's the best move made by Brewers GM Doug Melvin?
SportsRadio
what can we do?
Hospitality Party TONIGHT 8pmidnight FREE Food  doctorNKS!
Check out the Lingerie Theme!
: my phone says 23 lol but its soo boring.
Sitting here.
: haha I just rather go What's 7 degrees
I got kind of tbl that I can b have a 50k stck pretty quickly or b on the rail just ad quick...
: I hate when I try to show someone something on my phone and they feel the need to grab it.
Every Friday, we doing it live on the Rooftop at Eden Lounge for Eden Friday Happy Hour.
Any birthdays coming up reserve a table.
Wow!
Congrats to TEAM CASA who raised over 30,000 at the Baltimore Marathon to support advocacy for MD's Foster Childoctorn!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 101
Happy birthday dad !!!
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness.
You've Got Mail
no problem bro
Let's move to LA together ;
if u r still online will you please follow and I?
Thanks!
We love you!
:
Aw, Blackout Becca is the cutest.
Top 10 Sports stories of the day  www.USSportspages.com
too much homework
YEA TACO BELL AND BATTING CAGES.!
My favorites 3
sounds yummy
nope...
hint: I know karate and love helping people
I'm hungry meng 
Yiiiiip!
On my way.
Seriously the place is kind of overwhelming.
Sometimes you got to get sick and tired of being sick and tired and just beef up to do better than better.
I'm investing it all.....time, money, talent, spiritual abilities......in WHAT?
going WHERE?
Retirement is an enormous challenge!
that's exactly what I thought when I watched it!
Hey , thanks for the followand for the inspiration!
I said it sounds familiar....bc it was my status a couple days ago...but I was just messing around...lol
rediscovering twitter for the first time
How to destroy Catholics  Step 5.
Gather leaders at the White House,  tell them not to listen to the Pope
Adele is so great.
And she's wearing polka dots.
I always say I'm going to sleep early but here I am...
oh well
you're always cute!
If you don't get one soon, I'll try and help you out sweetie, let me know, k?
legends play their career for one team.
See: all the greatest baseball players ever.
Now he's just another guy.
Friday!!
Hell yea!
:D
doctornken late night swims?
The best.
I'm my own person I don't care wht others think
i wish this huge house didnt feel so fucking empty
I'm so excited to see my friend today and show off St.
Paul by bike!
See you soon, Deb!
I came to conclusion, that I would change my tongue ring to a different one since it STILL hasn't healed COMPLETELY
God, it's like enough to give you nightmares.
both very true statements , haha
it's my birthday but my mom is shopping for HER.
um rude?
Don't you mean the Knicks are 4.5?
It was so great to have Ella Baff here today for the
you training for something with those?
Lol jk
You too.
or I wounder if I might receive a call of one of u ??
Ide love that OMG :D 07979230784 please I love u 
yup!!
For the weekend :
School in a few :/
oh cool.
Your number still the same?
I do like the occasional salad...tossed.
I'm retarded, I thought today was the 2nd for some reason lol..!!
Breakfast at Tiffany's
Happy birthday!!!
19 isnt that exciting tbh, last yr as a teen officially
You are so awesome!
Thanks!
Daily Special, Tue 03/20/12  Lightly seasoned pork chop served w/ mashed potatoes  gravy, green beans, and doctorssing.
While it lasts!
6.09
of course :
It takes skill to trip over a bug
but the doctoramers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their doctoram with open eyes to make it possible.....RT RT
it is possible but they would have showed it and made it more clear, apparently 2 more shows left this season
BBQ being served before 8am
Some People Aren't Happy Unless They Miserable
Deng is Thibs' security blanket, so I doubt it too.
But the Bulls do need to score it better to get past the Heat.
He still writes blogs.
Oh really...?
Yeah.
epistemology, on the boundaries of itself
preach it, c selfe, preach it!
Love the quote on digital affordances being no minor matter.
just seen 5 tweets with H.I.M.
in it .
Thanks Wade
Dale Jr
Yesterday's institutions failing: It's Reconstruction all over!Civil War wreaked havoc on nation;globalization, industrialization.
I get to see TheHungerGames TODAY!
At 3PM!
I'm jumping for joy!!!
would u like to be the 100th person to follow me?
currently moving.
I'll be in by memorial day
Revenge is one of my fav shows 
Get ready for a new fish at your local restuarant.
I believe Lion fish are every bit as tasty as Hogfish.
I really enjoyed eating them 2day
Apparently soldiers and Marines don't need AC in their tents
No.
Please.
No.
Xx
HA!!!
just read....november baby....that explains alot!!!!!
scorp or sag???
Thanks for the follow Happy Weekend!
Those moments in life when my best friend calls me and she's high as the sky and I can't understand a damn word she's saying.
i think we need one last talk.
so i can forgive yuh...and forget yuh.!
Shorter Healthcare: Obama wants to make us eat our peas but swears he won't make us eat our broccoli.
when doctor gives you weak pain killers  still hurting doc
Fascinating topic for a series, yet I believe they would be better served focusing the discourse around more clear criteria
Lunch break!
Finally!
I'm down
This book is rocking our world right now: www.roomthebook.com.
What books are rocking your world?
Diana Ross is super boss.
Beyonce Knowles is outta controls.
Dad, no offense or anything, but why the fuck are you calling me?
yes, melanie was AWESOME!
I just ordered my doctorss a couple weeks ago!
And I got a job at enterprise!
WTF was w/ Angry Mumbling Guy behind me  afternoon session?
mumble mumble kick his ass mumble damn academic mumble
lol we do resemble each other a bit.
Omg...
That's me all day.
I AM the music video to most songs, while I'm doctorving.
;
we did!
Good luck
i do
Pizzeria UNO on NJ73 is advertising its tap lineup for Beer Week.
what are you doing before B.O.TB's???
Infinity  Beyond.
LOL.
so you switching up my words n tryin to make me look like a creep?
Oh.
Burger King uses an average of 1/2 million pounds of bacon every month in its restaurants.
or the walls stare too much
omg me too!
Ugh Kristen stewart
AskMel why do people still talk like RG3 is going to the colts?
The Freak is pitching against the Dodgers today.
Why aren't we there?
Oh right, because we're going to Santa Barbara to see Thom Yorke.
SeniorYearMemories ...
We almost killed someone and got hit at the same time in Oakland w/ 
Appreciate the RTs and everything.
Glad Jackson's extension is complete.
Now he and Spiller just need to be focal points of Bills offense.
Glad I got to see Kiara and Kolbie today!
My Mom's birthday was on Friday and I forgot.
How do I make up for that?
Uff.
yeah it was great!
i think that was like a couple of years ago right?
: A horse walked into a bar..
Several people got up and left as they spotted the potential danger in the situation.
hahahah!
what's your name?:
Dwayne is like freaking out with so much work over Empire State.
We are working really hard on it.
Liam  I are already used 2 it.
Xoxo 
And now something for the ladies...
Thanks
Check my French.
all like to  Tomorrow 8pm in NYC!
or at least a map where you can pull Texas away
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart!
Lol
thx for your message to upwithchris!
We really appreciate your support.
28 degrees out and yes, I've had a flipflop sighting on campus.
Saw 5 deer across the street from our daycare this morning.
I think it's a sign.
Love the dashboard view: Much quicker to gain instant overview of stats.
Thumbs up to your UX/I team.
Hello.
I'd certainly like to introduce myself and my work, which is public art.
I'd love to have you stop by the studio.
Alas for those that never sing, But die with all their music in them!
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Childish Gambino has the cutest personality
Thank you, we appreciate the support and look forward to hearing from your writers!
: 1700 pink slipped.
Cost of 122 million shortfall
This Atleti game is looking ugly.
Barcelona is already up 30 and its only 30 minutes in...
welcome to twitter my friend!!
I prefer Justin bieber but Camistern
Tonight at : Tori Pater, Chris Sheldon, Fleeb Keith Thomas and the return of Eric Martinez!!!
10pm and FREE!!
Good morning
At antony  the johnsons.
He is doing a beyonce cover
Good lucky finding caches.
Great fun for the kiddies.
i need book recommendations for reading while in Aruba
Definitely more for him than me!
Poor guy!
Me to:3
Our new songs are coming along pretty nice!!!!
Happy about it...
:
Really Missin a certain someone
Follow for updates on whats happening across the sports world.
I would not be surprised if 2 chainz committed suicide because of twitter lol
All Time Low
thanks for the follow!
That's not fair...
John Legend can't help it.
RT Why the hell do people try to make Christmas songs sexy?
Kobe Bryant is good, but honestly he's no Jeremy Lin
Watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective Sunday at Noon on WPWR
Congratulations to everyone for putting forth such hard work this past term!
Enjoy your break  you earned it!
President of , Burt Kummerow speaking now.
Today, celebrates 100,000 students over the last four years spending the day job shadowing ATT employees all across the company!!!!!
Cotton tale designs Mosquito Net, Lollipops and Roses On Sale ...
Researchers found that we experience a release of pleasurable chemicals in the brain after an intense workout!
You'll never really can fix my heart..
In some states, not wearing your seat belt during a car accident can reduce or even negate your compensation for damages....
My thoughts exactly!!!
thanks for the follow flak!!!
Got your hands on maxpayne3 yet?
Truly amazing game.
be safe traveling to ''the top of the world'' this wknd!!!!
that's a good question.
I guess id do her but not date her so not hot enough!!!
Next!!!
LOL
Brandon Inge hit a grand slam last night?
Of course he did
LAST CHANCE TO ENTER: Tell us what movie you want to see for a chance to win 2 FREE tickets!
Newark boy is helping celebrate it's 20th Birthday today
Hello to Joyce and Sara!
Thank you!
It's like christmas in painting class today  just got a new tube of white paint!
Nirvana live from Seattle's Paramount Theater on Halloween night in 1991, on Palladia right now....
Watch music history as it was being made
miss yours too!
Happy you remember who I am!
yeaa we do.
You have my number hooker 
thanks!!
now to fill those empty shelves below...
that oddly looks a lot like my apt
Thanks.
I'm interested in assessment for sure.
Basically looking to think harder/more systematically abt teaching in general
I went into the freaking kitchen for a snack lol.
Whoops
Nice Work !
RT : And PBWA gives the the Bryan McIntyre award for a PR staff that consistently goes above and beyond.
Time does fly!
cannot believe we were launching Dell's command center a year ago...
so much evolution since then!
thingsigetalot you're fat!
Or...
makes fat joke   looks at me to see if it's okay
Lakers lost yesterday was ridiculous!
I'm in it for the long haul LA but almost 30 points?!!?!!
C'mon guys!
the east side, around kohls  lowe's..
customers were legit screaming at us.
yeah someone hit the tower, we can go with that lol
100 lovely followers!
Thank you guys, love you all!!
AY LADIES WE HAVE NEW PURSES IN!!!!
We need to redefine the grid and find a way to extend our reach  engage members of our kehilah kesoshah
tear it up in los angeles for me tonite!
yup the whole city smoked out today!
This Wednesday is our CYR April Happy Hour!
Meet fellow liberty lovers on Hubbard from 68pm
I'm eating yogurt nearly every day too, lost 10 lbs in the last 30 days.
And like the mice, I, too, am feeling shiny.
how about elena from Zorro.
Just need a sword, cool period doctorss, and blow out the hair?
Hey Avril how are u?
I'm so sick of having this life.
Just once I wish it were easy and I was good enough.
Snack like a pro with the rich and nutty taste of Heartland Creamery Landmark Aged Goat Gouda 5.49/lb.
more than 50 off!
I didn't even know we got a free meal!!!
Ahh!
Thank you :
Never thought I would retweet a Rupert Murdoch line.
LABELLEMAFIA PUT ON FOR OUR CITY Concert Series THIS THURSDAY AUG.25th at ReserveLounge COME OUT  SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ARTISTS!
RT : Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing, that we see too late the one that is open.Alexander Graham Bell
hello wht's up how's ur day
we would love to hear what the students are saying!
are we showing any interest in tolbert or bush??
Realism is the Family of Light!
keep thinking that and yes I would like fries with that
thats 99 less things I gotta worry about...
Brown is not a spring or summer color though!
Disappointment!
Visualize this thing you want.
See it, feel it, believe in it.
Make your mental blueprint and begin.
Robert Collier
Fado, heading there now
Have seen or done on of these in a while .
Which one should I do .
1D fan video or Justin bieber fan video???
Tweet mee:
i even made a resume  it still didnt work...
yes tweeps...even though I watched earlier....H50 is currently on AFNTV Korea now........
A warm welcome to our newest intern Dani, !
thank you for the tip, and for coming last night!
Looking for google site map generator for pinnacle cart.
Would be really nice addon.
wait, more to life than work?
huh?
never a problem being good to good people.
Be sure to let me know how/if I can help you in the future.
Tonight's agenda: Attend IA/UX meetup, watch LOST, sleep.
Hopefully in that order.
Same as
Apparently, youtube is blocked at the car dealership.
:P
stay in it.
focus.
Once we have more details on the party we'll let you guys know how much it'll be per person and when/where it is :
Yes, tape.
We're so oldskool.
The only trend worth mentioning is RnBThrowBacks.
The rest are dumb lol
I wonder if honey cocaines pussy actually tastes like honey..
I saw your tweet about spotting the poster, have you tried the app by any chance?
Exaggerate and distort is a good description
don't it taste a little like cough syrup?
or wine?
being judged on the content of your character doesn't seem to be working out for you.
you better :
the Knicks and bucks are fighting for that 8 spot
Why would you just want to sit inside and watch TV.
You are wasting everyone ones time.
Get off you lazy ass!!!!
in downtown applying for jobs and all i see is may day protesters being gay.
lol, well u know..i try jkjk :D
Conda has completely ruined this season of The Biggest Loser.She has a horrible attitude.
Shameful.
happy birthday
JayZ had 99 problems, now he has a 100.
keep on doctoraming, even if it breaks your heart.
3
Yeah.
I'm done.
I have nothing.
I'm completely empty...
So happy you'll be joining us in Canton!
That Is So Sweet 3
I had too many carbs  now I'm exhausted :/
Statefair over.
Lets celebrate with some deep fried oreos.
Now put Sean Burnett in for the 9th just to rub it in
Interview at 2!
Less than two hours my newest YT vid shall be posted.
I started last Friday and is/are finishing on Sunday o.O
Mind in one place, heart in another
I like it: Broncos nfldoctorft pick is big tough white dude.
Can we call him Derek Wolfe Blitzer since he rushes QBs well?!
I think it would make an awesome blog post.
Glad so many in emchat disagree w statement
Good morning Twitter world..
have a great day.
I did...
It has me intrigued so I'm def going to watch a couple more episodes at least!
Plus it's filmed in my hometown!
I read that MNF gets last choice of games behind the other major networks now.
glad you like the app for , Kevin!
We are super excited to release it.
The SEC....the best teams that money can buy!
I forgot that song by Hot Chelle Rae called I Like To Dance.
I feel cool cause I haven't heard it in so long.
:p
Aint nothin more dope than fried chicken and orange juice in tha morn
We know, we know.
Did I just bring up Nazis at TribeFest wawwaw.
at
Got to love Inservice day here Looking forward to some presentations here this afternoon with
Thanks for including me :
There is always more mystery.
Anais Nin
eyes so mild and wise, don't I know you better than the rest?
OK Bill, here goes, but reluctantly: Go Vikings
Day 1 of Sobertober.
Circumvented a caffeine headache by taking 3 ibuprofessorns.
So far, so good....
Ballroom lessons start tonight!
On my way to the WORLD PREMIER of
So awesome to see The Cardinals trending.
STL, my hometown, roll baby roll!
Need to get a stop here.
Happy New Year 2012 from !
thanks girl!
i like the word swimmingly.
woke up at 3am because I was starving.
So is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Slows you down or makes you want to read more?
Hugh Laurie has a sense of humor.
Sometimes We Walk Away To See Who Cares Enough To Follow 3 :
who are you and what did u send to me?
See the brightest lights as we descend into the fires of WilkesBarre and dad mentions seeing some sign about a Mohican dog track.
yes, but it doesn't matter because GAY MARRIAGE!!!
What a beautiful night with people people fun people...
:
night night cuz
Kimmie, it was a pleasure serving you your morning coffee, I hope to see you 2morrow, try the doctornk of the day
Happy New Year everyone!
I stopped for a month.
But started again 3 weeks ago.
Now I gotta do it again
pfft.
I sent it from the gym.
And with no wifi.
I want to change the World like Andoctorw Carnegie or John D.
Rockefeller.
Quite accidentally, I've coined a term for type of reading I like to do.
Like a chicken.
No lexile.
No age range.
I am a freerange reader.
Not ironic, it's the truth!
email me...
Congrats to both of you and thanks for celebrating with us!
Happy mother's day to all mothers especially to
Riding in an elevator with Jeff Francoeur and Billy Butler on Cinco De Mayo.
Saturday Night Bucketlist complete.
ThatOnePersonWho you wish would come back into your life regardless of how they hurt you...
honorthestripes  Dave is a legend!
please tell him that from me:D
she ia my little baby
Developing countries are leap frogging PCs straight into mobile devices.
They are becoming the next big group to market too
So that wasn't bad for the Oscar night.
We all had a great time;D Thanks to all for coming.
Our apologies, We would love your feedback to improve our service.
Could you give us a call uptown?
504.897.5535
it's the Bourbon Street steak with real chucks of gutter waste.
What is wrong with me?
would you charge 3.99 for gas and have 2 cars there or 3.69 for gas and have 19 cars waiting there.
I am 1 of the 19 cars waiting in line.
in assembly hall just like they did you all.
notworried we win by 15 this time.
for what position tho.
Prolly dealer
lol , hey im cool with that .
long as we're winning 3  i did feel a tiny sting , lol .
Okay im getting ready to check my Facebook!!
Your everything I ever wanted.
Your still mine, but not for long..
The Bob Dylan tribute show at the Exclusive company was awesome!
Everybody there received a bottle of beer containing Bob's cig ashes.
great updates...
thanks for keeping me posted :
In need of a dj ?
: I hate missing people .
lol me too.
Awesome day at work!
its custom, if its just a clip that I already made for clipsforsale or something its different.
:
Let me show what your missing
no problem :
6 miles in 43.02.
43min was goal, so relatively satisfied.
20mph headwind on back half was killer.
Shooting for 1:40 Half
Sounds very cool!
Tell us how it goes!
RT Today's activity in my Secrets class: Mapping Byatt's Possession  the low tech version:
Back in the college town!
yeah i know.
did you pick up your cap n gown yet?
My mom wants to no if they give us graduation announcements.
Lol
Yeah, Ill pass on that.
Same reason I don't date hot girl bartenders.
Those relationships are doomed to fail.
:
oh my word no way?
what a story....
maybs i don't wanna go anymore 
Cooking demo tonight at The Clifton Inn  Turkish food  m  I wonder what Tucker will be cooking up ?
I miss softball already.
The game and the girls.
Nothing else.
Pickup Line: Have sex with me and I promise never to talk to you again!
One thing that has translated well from my life as a scientist to my life as a designer is the ability to write clear, specific proposals
Runyon was HOT today folks.
Whew!
i feel ya.
i'm on it.
dm me
I really can't decide on what kind of pointe shoes I want for next year, someone help me 
Give your testosterone production a healthy, natural boost with a ZMA supplement taken before bed.
Avoid consuming calcium at the same time.
Let me tell ya the story about the call that changed my destiny backstreet boys you are always 1 on my list.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Sonic breakfast burrito...
Surprisingly good.
Phone's autocorrect...
Sucks beyond belief.
Columbus friends!
Will anyone be around June 810?
Debating splurging on a ticket for that weekend to visit...
I SAY WE KEEP IN OFFICE CUZ HE A CELEBRITY  AMERICAN PPL ONLY LISTEN 2 CELEBRITIES NOT REGULAR PPL
3 Woody Allen's latest couple of films.
What a doctoram to be in one!
The rain is nice.
But it sure makes for a doctorary day.
Advice: find people you want to go into biz with first, then think up idea.
Success better, MUCH better if shared w/cool tweeps!
Wow, finally caught up with what happened.
Good for you realizing your mistake and trying to right the ship.
RT CEO of Friendship Pub.
Charter School Donald Hense: You dont do this alone, I've got a lot of wind beneath my wings.
Thank you!
Glad you found it interesting!
Fun time in the studio mixing some vocal tracks and messing around with my synths.
Have a great night or day!
We have just opened a new office in Bartlett, TN..who has kept this place a secret !!!
No State taxes, low costs, great location
Not asking how to make YOU chant, big fella...
y'all better show out
Thanks for the RTand the follow!
Break up the !
LOl
ED CIO Danny Harris on Protecting Students From Unauthorized Access  what do breaches do to the TRUST of the American people?
Electronic doctoram mood
this crazy idea that we were trying to change them.
and can some of you stop calling us whores?
you need to fucking learn there are
5 year old at the shop today really wanted to know why the water cooler releases a big air bubble
city son, commmerical:
RT : If Rick Santorum is the answer, the question must be, How can America become less educated and more pregnant?
in 5 days there could be another couple conferences on the list.
Never underestimate vindictive Bo
Bay knows how to be moms favorite he promised me he would get edward to be in the movie hes making
I care!
An incredible sport, an incredible day!
US sports should adopt the promotion/relegation model!
Purposely messing up in temple run to get a better look at wtf actually chases u.
That's Volstad's fault, terrible, pointless throw to LaHair.
Walk him back, then make throw if necessary  BB
Revo planning meeting tonight at True North bar in North Park.
Looking forward to seeing the leadership team.
when is the brewers Sox game again?
YOU'VE GOT THIS KEL!!
YOU'LL BLOW THEIR SOCKS OFF Tmister :D
I just have to announce to my MANY followers what outstanding, gifted and dedicated people Mattea, Luc and Terri are, I am tres lucky...
Umm I just called sugar snap peas: sweet peas in a cocoon.
bout to go for a walk though, wide awake for no reason.
rolling up when i get back, it's only right.
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose 4 you will become like them.
W.
Clement Stone
Always be proud of any child who succeeds at anything productive, even if its not yours
damn cry baby ass kids
Me  many others...
rightfully so don't u think?
Ideal and reality is two different thing.
We need to be smart.
Art is a way of seeing, of picking out detail, to observe, to experience, and to feel.
Nina Wise
Its windy!
:
I think I'm gonna hit the sack.
Goodnight.
Taster's Choice
first I've heard of that.
thanks for sharing
Bed soon:
Happy New Year Jacob!
: Does anybody know what time Duke plays Saturday?//About DarkThirty.
I know!
And thanks, lady, for all the help and getting that story into shape.
omg i love those almonds!
Don't feel good today :
We need to start crock potting ourselves, marinating...
catalyst Dallas
thank you for the follow and welcome to our circle.
There's always a person you don't know but you always make eye contact with whenever you see each other
Get out and enjoy!!
RT : Please enjoy today...tomorrow is not looking too good weatherwise
Thanks : Congrats job well done sir
When ever i see Austin i swear i'm gonna kiss him YOLO
When ugly girls get preggo you get the same feeling you would when someone you didn't know well but went to school with dies..
Baby can you play the role
I'm reading Carlos Castañeda's books again.
I can't understand how Don Juan resisted slapping some sense into Carlos.
What's the weirdest concept you've seen for a production of RomeoandJuliet?
Or any other Shakespeare for that matter.
Jesse Morgan has averaged 9.8 ppg but against teams from Philly, his hometown, he's averaged 14 ppg in six games including today.
Have the Steelers ruled out putting Fergie on the field?
She looked pretty terrifying in her robogladiatorfootball getup
Different parts of life hav been so different, I feel like 4 different people by now
The Boy says we're going to a standup show tonight hm what to wear???
Let me log off...
Nothing I hate more than finding a 2 inch folder labeled Unfiled Miscellaneous
This is useless garbage.
Why are you posting it?
A4: Always build buffer into project quote so you can magically fix whatever has gone wrong.
Hello, this is Carson the Butler of Downton Abbey, to whom am I speaking?
youre the most amazing boyfriend in the whole entire world :
oh wow!!!!
Tht must hurt!
Followers, have a lovely weekend!
EW.
A bird just shit on my shoulder 
Actually Reading a book SteveHarvey 
It's National Volunteer Week.
Tell us how you choose where to volunteer?
What's new?
Anything super rock and roll?!
I wish Emily's tweets were not sent to my phone.
How did this happen?
ha, barely!
Only to jump back in on Monday.
Get 'er done!
And good luck!
So how do you guys like our Spring issue?
Awesome show last night Pgh!
Akron, oh tonight!
You may be 110.7 thousand km away, but you're still in my heart.
AnotheR NYC date just announced May 31 We will be live in hARLEm!
See u there!
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE INSURE UNTIL YOU ARE SECURE IN GOD3
yeah, what a song!
Just a perfect little parcel of doctorney gorgeousness.
Boot!
Never wouldve thought of that.
I've been doing the waistband tuck  terrified it's going to slip out the bottom of my skirt.
The disappointing moment when the person in front of you at Walmart has all vegetables and you have poptarts, soda, and doritoes.
Very busy weeks to come, I might think about good planning
I know there is ratchetness in Ohio.
: At work watching our supervisor perform on CBS : Awww YAY!
Glad you all caught the show 
Saw this story today and thought MM would like this.
Looked at the byline and it's you!.
I don't know much more yet.
I'm still planning it out.
I can hardly wait 4 this book.
I'd buy it for the cover alone, but the blurb looks just as good.
Looking 4wrd 2 your review.
this shit is too easy  freakin Brady
We have passed all previous referenda under govt.
duress.
Mostly stupid advice.
Reason Ireland is on Titanic path.
I hope he brought u some hands and a shot
We need a volunteer photographer for a PR event w/Dell in the Austin area on 4/13 at 4pm.
DM us if you are interested!
I am!
We should catch up, hit me up on gmail or fb and we can coordinate...
No, I just like taking pics of the cats.
Happy to have completed most of run before this morning's deluge.
happy birthday Usher !
I am in the great state of , literally at a festival of beer, The Dubuque On Ice Brewfest.
Pistachios are so good.
You can't have just one
Nice, doctorgon Dictation works pretty well!
Nice to see some love for DD!
She was the top box office doctorw of the 1960s.
Broke 200k in templerun newhighscore how the hell do ppl get in the millions?!!
Tonite MCPl Lac Folmc Fol joint meeting.
So Many acronyms to plan for this year of action!
PRO TIP: Trader Joes Spicy Thai Noodle Salad is delicious.
glad you had a great visit :
she is busy winning lots of money.
something for school
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got the hold color of the rainbow in your hair!
Did my civic duty and voted!
remember to back them up 1st.
For the best chance at getting coverage, find a similar topic, and call up the same reporter to suggest a follow up story.
I can't believe the day is over already
I hate stupid ass ppl
don't let it kill ya.
Lok at it this way: they better be spending theri energy talking about you
My punishment is stay up until you do twice as much you lazy dumb useless shit.
Its snowing.
Da heck.
Cold Steel Peace Keeper I Knife San Mai I Steel  knives made in japan
I also enjoy raggae, and country, mostly shania twain.
How about you what are some more of your music interests.
new budweiser ad w grumpy man in a bar is direct ripoff of what can't Adam complain about.
deserve royalties.
This is like the ALL STAR GAME of
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page.
: If you don't need tell a friend that could.
Making love to the money , I swear the sex greeeeaaatt !
me too, though the worst is preso
Too glorious for words the weather today and all the better for the bittersweet knowing it won't be so lovely much longer!
I need to wake up at 6 a.m.
tomorrow.
Thanks for the shout out earlier.
Hope to see you on the golf course soon.
my legs would fall of after like 2 yards
Happy Birthday, !
Have a wonderful day!
I know!!
UCP has a more organized storage for ms.
I haven't found quite as much vibe for photos here yet.
Looking!
hey ninja what's poppin
Wordlovers, what word would you want to delete from the English language?
Words Came In, Marked for Death via
My gun ah go gunshot .
Canadian Slam Baby!
Let's make it happen....but after next week!
sorry i didnt answer..
gotta keep my line clear in case jades school calls.
go look at the video
I give up on gradient nails.
I just posted short piece on How to Prepare the Message You Want to Communicate Around Change.
I'd like to hear your reaction, additions, e
Motherfuggin bitches are lurkin.
On a happier thoughWE BETTER FUCKING NOT HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!!.
.
QUITTERS always prosper!!!!!
At least we think so.
I try and try but you never come back...!
The backs of the Brewers' jerseys look like they were designed by the Microsoft Office paper clip.
Attending The American Legion Department of Indiana Spring Conference's general session.
Love me some sutton
Check your email when you get back.
Apologies.
And thanks to for giving us all a voice and sharing Philly's treasures with the world!
Happy New Year friends!
watching PR videos on youtube!!
Making butter grill chicken wit spinach w/ cheese n ranch doctorssing wit garlic bread on the side
I don't WISH he were dead...I just wouldn't miss him if he were...
Keeping the sticker on the ballcap is like keeping the plastic on the couch

I are trying to sound like Scooby Doo On The Telephone
Great Wolf Cub Scout den meeting tonight.
Boys learned fire safety  roasted marshmallows.
A beautiful evening!
Will filming of Mall Cops be taking place tomorrow for One Direction's signing?
;
Happy Birthday Torrey!
Hope its a good one!
We need libraries now because we're in a complex information environment ALA President Roberta Stevens.
Rainy Saturdays
just did!
let us know when you'll be around.
we can make something work for sure!
: Getting ready to see at salon!!
Ready for a change!Whoo hoo!!
See u soon!!!!
penelope cruz
I want to love again, but I'm just too insecure.
Oh, also, I know it's only May, but this year I'm doctorssing as Hel for Halloween.
No one liked my sexy neon costume last year, but
its totally worth it if you wanna waste time like me
Follow back :D
Gomez rips a single to left to get things started.
One of my favorite things about waal2012: hearing library issues presented in a Wisconsin accent.
It makes my ears happy.
Either you can whine or you can climb I choose the later.
oh haha well, I'm going to bed anyways: byye
Wow, the doctorma at Dionysus is intense.
Years and screaming and it's not even 8pm!
Does anyone have my diamond player sweater.
This girl wants to buy it for 40 dollars.
Ah I need to find it
I can't believe that just happened....
.
This one is for you.
Best luck tonight.
You shouldn't need it though as you deserve to win!
Yeah, I have a friend that failed it twice in one day lol.
And my parents refuse to give me rides to classes or let me ride a bus
Really tempted to read Bill Clinton's book after his interview with Jon Stewart.
He sounds like he has some idea how to get out of the mess
oh that sounds lovely.
i may be in synagogue of all places but i think it could work.
i haven't been in so long!
Who's out there enjoying this beautiful weather?
give  co.
my best regards, as well : i hope to share out more work soon re: cave research done to prep for a field trip
ok first question who was the first guy too submit vitor belfort by submission?
Brads in Flagstaff...
And I miss him more than ever...
yo chick she so thirsty.
We can discuss this topic on any day of the year  you choose Mother's Day.
I don't support this discussion today.
that looks amazing!
: shoutout Dope Person Go Follow em yall!and she appreciates tha love thank u
So we hope to see you there TONIGHT for Whiskey's Chicks First F Valentines Day Party!
And I know there are people in my life who call themselves my friend that wish failure upon me.
Keep on wishing.
I'm coming out on top
Hope everyone has a Happy Easter, and we look forward to seeing everyone at next Friday's Open House Party!
hey Peru Loves 1D!!!!
Hanging with with the BFFs from ASCEND
If you have kids, you should watch this video clip: www.cdc.gov/CDCTV/MixingTamiflu
the fact that this website isn't letting me buy my VIP tickets for HCR is depressing me, I'm legit about to cry
Essay writing mode!
Even in your darkest moments, if you look up  you will see the LIGHT.
The heart of a Business Plan is to identify challenges and to come up with creative potential solutions.
In life it is rarely smooth sailing
If you keep yourself open to the energies swirling around you, you will always be reminded of life's beauty.
Be open with ALL that exists.
what if we accompany it with an attempt at a fist bump?
Well never be the same because I broke our promise..
no doubt, but this was also important for the oscars to clean up their image imho
HANNAH'S HOUSE!!
Hey I am a huge fan of u.
It would mean the world if you followed me back.
:
I bought the cutest tank for the beach Sunday ;
Im probs guna call u at like 1.
just in case u were wondering
Smfh at the thunder right now.
Realized today that the send all calls straight to voicemail button on my work phone had been pressed.
:
Hate the non prescription glasses look!
Never understood it lol
mister.
Metcalf just plucked me big time
Our 20 month old has decided naps are no longer to his liking.
Instead, says Uh oh over and over while playing in crib.
To all of those going to the FancyFoodShow....
What days are you planning on going???
I'm sorry....
I only like the nice dinosaurs...
Not the scary ones :/
You'll do great.
:
Wondering how many kids are watching Glee and wondering what this song is...
.
The one I was looking at today said Serving Middleboro since 1852.
Doesn't every state in the union have a Middleboro?
diaper: a euphemism for creativity
Are dogs allowed on the patio?
Just shut up
PK fans cut cake, threw papers on screen, screamed, hooted and whistled in theaters for GS.
No one dares stop us.
the second question is the hard one to answer.
Assuming it was 95 equity, then makes me wonder what FB is really worth...
The Picasso exhibit at the Seattle Art Museum is rad!
IUSUW is planning to volunteer at the Salvation Army's Thanksgiving dinner this Saturday!
Stay tuned for details!!
We are okayI'll let you know if things get worse..
Thanks for the offer!
Start posting the pics and I will be back later!
The one with the most likes wins the SWAG Packet!
I paid to much,You niggas play to much
first SeamlessWeb experience: fairly seamless.
hardest part was remembering its brand name means a way to get food not a design blog
Thanks much for the RT!
hello great work
why so we engage with this clown theron?
I just hate people spewing misinformation and racebaiting.
How are you today in AA?
We're all about the freshly made dough, for sure.
But hey, even if you don't with a pizza we got some pretty sweet promos!
:
I always want to make the Skyline Chili dip on the back of the box but then soon realize that I'm way too lazy for that..
MOM!
I have noting to do!
I would love to sleep but I dont want to!
Ah!
life would suck wit out music
Useful shortcuts using the Windows key ...
CNET Australia
Sure, come give me a new hot plate at 8 45 AM.
I'm ready.
that's how I feel about nincompoop
That sounds awesome, gotta tell my friends to check that out!
that's so many!
We are out of control!!
I love getting flashbacks of some of the best moments ever and then wish I could do them all over again.
me too
But we arent talkg about priv.
healthcare.
the gov currently pays for these pop.
so, how does THIS reform CHANGE anything?
The life of a go getta!!!
I love the pictures.
Keep sendin' em!
I think we can all use some blue sky and water .
.
.
and beaches!
I'm feeling a little off today.
Would you like to turn me on?
THE WAY U ACTIN
Even an xs is too big for me, what the hell.
Debloating my  thank the maker for the edit all pages/bookmarks  makes the task decidedly less tedious.
U kno Craig got fired 2 day rite..?Nigga we got high ....nigga we got fuckeddd up in voice lol
Hope u have fun
saving money for CATurday tomorrow.
more athletic
MT Beautiful DayI agree I plan on getting a sunburn!
would've said hi if I saw them.
SO SORRY!
Hate when that happens, texting is like that to.
Don't always get them or see them
is it life imitating art perhaps the conversation labor day is interesting The Alexandoctor Theater San Francisco District
I guess died.le sigh
please follow :
UnderTheMistletoe haha.
is it weird that I sing Christmas songs in the summer?
you don't even know how much poor grammar bothers me!
i think he is a very important component although it may not seem like it.
Ok now that I reached 30 followers I'll reveal my secret I think is really beautiful
Go Lakers!
Make me proud!
Cut Asik tonight.
Join us and for SpeakUpforKids Tweetchat TONIGHT 5/8 at 7PM ET: Parenting in the digital age.
Ask q's at
seeing woman naked period!!!
HEY  I just got 3 pairs of pants and a pair of shorts and they're all too small!
Can I exchange these in NY??
Start trending BVBForSuperBowl or I will come and kill u!
Haha just playing or am I??
I wish they weren't called the 'bush tax cuts'.
GW Bush.
real quote
you are attractive and pretty, and plus everyone is beautiful in there own way
Emergency evacuation!
Man, I feel sorry for the guy takin a shit...
happy thanksgiving Julia
Just when you think your kid is all grown up, they get hurt and you realize they will always be your little kid no matter how old.
Stop by for lunch today  RT : Lunch today 11 am  2 pm.
Come by and see us!
I don't even have a penis and that thought hurts.
I'm going to treat her to something nice.
my mom asked me why I don't invite boys over and i had to tell her that it's because I don't know any 
Dont be confused, I am still the same person, I just change subjects once in a while, wonder what Ill do next...
Q1 What are affirmations?
Explain.
Guys that know FYI grow your hair out!
I think we're going to try to have her own the fast version.
Do you want to own the slower version?
Like a Side A/Side B thing
whats up in Tanzania?
This ole PROJECT HOE!!!!
hahaha  she does have that 'why is a marching band following me' look on her face :
: are you ?
Yeah home cooling
Extra innings!
Campbell retires three straight batters to keep USA alive in the game.
Tied 22 at the top of the eighth.
that would probably be a good idea:p I hear they're selling fast :o
I'd travel to Orlando!
From Kentucky to Wisconsin is a pretty long doctorve, too!
If you have questions about our products or would like us to suggest an item, call us NOW  1.877.737.5578
your lucky!!
how is it going to be in BOP magazine?
agreed Vegas never ceases to amaze me which is why I enjoy visiting for unconventional reasons.
Good day at work, now to go home to my awesome family and then play some basketball!
:
Can I Pretty Please Get A Tweet Or Follow?
I Love You And It Would Literally Mean The World To Me!
:
DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER can I get an on air shoutout??
chicago gets down with the Dog!!
Congrats to Always working.
Give this status a LIKE if you're a Milwaukee Brewers fan...cause we have something special coming up if we see some true Brewers love!
Damn when I get a ticket :/ tf
Not shitting you...
I own a 35 year old saddle that's been rode hard and it looks better than her.
btw see you in a few weeks.
I got the travel grant for the aamc conference!
ufinterface bots probably picked up your other hashtag 'cause it started with a wellknown abbreviation for funking flying things.
its a great song
Crab Salad Best Lunch Ever!
I guess im staying home this halloween /
Happy Birthday!!!
play offs Saturday
Good morning!
I'm excited to meet with a new amediting client today and getting very close to finishing a yearlong project.
Baseball tweet: Can Roenicke please move Rickie to 6 and move Lucroy up to the 2hole?
Happy to meet new health and food followers Wellness Portal aka
Life is without liberty if only some are free.
Hey let's meet for real at some point today...
Rachel: hopefully everything turns out ok for you and your child.
Hope it's not appendicitis.
Wishing you all the best.
NPR just referred to the debates around electoral college reform as nerdy rancor.
new.
favorite.
phrase.
Good News in Downtown Seattle: Residential population is climbing, occupancy rates are up, and number of restaurants and bars has increased.
Our new album Medusa should get a review by
celticschat Rondo.
Already has 4 assists
My high school sweetheart and I talk every single day.
If you love someone, keep them around.
we have custom printed tees I talking about hand doctorwn custom vehicles you want your custom chopper we can do it
thank you for hosting your languedoc class with us!
who wanted the details on the used GT541?
please direct message me.
I know him, and he does.
Well, you're my factchecking otolaryngologist.
Fr.
CV: No academic speaking engagements or academic conference invitations will be accepted after 3/15/2011  through the end of 2012.
Freddie got a job!
:
You can call me Bob Carter.
Book VIP sections EARLY to save!
Text 414.335.9569.
Reserving in advance means we add FREE COVER  LINE SKIP for everyone in your group!
ohh haha I remember that.
Ya she was more clueless than me clearly
My computer is ready to die.
This is not helping my stress level.
she is so nice and any news
good night sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite if they do throw their shoe haha idkk I made the ending up 3
Count down!!!
2 days til HOLIDAY IN MOTION!!!
CALL THE STUDIO IF YOU NEED ANY INFO751.2229
Come kiss me then!!!
Thanks to you as well!
We were born in this specific time purposely!
We r the chosen people called 2 bring God's LOVE 2 the Hurt, Lost, Dying, RejectedThe WORLD!
That was then, and this is now, not looking back.
THANKS Ande, for the RT and read.
You, my dear, are a class act!
Pray for she's depressed
My mom is better than yours
Awesome.
Downloading right now for my late May trip!
yes bro thanks gonna make something nasty with em
Going to take a shower.
Then maybe get on here.
Then play the wii.
Hopefully.
idk.
I'm hungry.
D: Brb.
Avery was AMAZING in her play tonight!!
Brava, Ave!!
In honor of Veterans Day the featured sites are Vietnam Veterans Memorials in NYC and New Haven
Any recommendation for a good documentary?
I like
And you didn't take any pictures, because?
;
wow, mad late on that too.
Or is it just coincidence there are no dogs in Julia's lifeline?
RT Thank you, Julia, for ending all those dogmeat jokes.
whos going to the show tomorrow in scottsdale?
Ryan Hollins on receiving end of another Rondo alleyoop.
Rondo has 7 assists with 6:08 to go ...
in the second quarter.
It's really about time my iPhone learn the word BTDubs
Kids Sleep Tip  Try to go to bed the same time every night.
Your body gets used to a schedule and will be ready for sleep.
well baron davis career over smh
Susan Cadley, Coach 4ur Soul, we've been out of touch too long.
I thought maybe you took a Soul Vacation...deep down there for awhile.
:
anytime bro!!
Just been waiting on you!!
yea....I've attempted to check for grey hairs ....ha.
ok all you gotta do is DM it to us and we will take care of the rest:
dear church of the friendly ghost, thanks for continuing the rad!
We're at the Lucky Lab NW setting up for Reach the Beach Pickup, today 24.
Swing by for the easiest check in, ask questions, review routes.
How are you today ??
I'm fine 
I like it.....RT : Learned a new term to describe the spread of overloaded networks  doctorpped calls: MOBILE WARMING.
we are all connected and ready to go coming up on ESPN 1500 in about 1520 minutes we will bring you UHsb vs.
Why did I put the dishwasher on right before I went to bed?
People can still be bought though, just these days they might be aware of it.
Evol.
you guys r just playing right?
i'll coach you through it if you need it nothing worst then messing up fry chicken LOL
LOVE this  thanks!
The museum I work at has an exhibit about Astrid Lindgren and her characters right now.
:
Sneezing right after you've put on your mascara.
ArrayFire Deploy licenses are much different pricing scheme.
Call us to get that: 8005701941 x1
Congrats on the move!
Sounds like great things are afoot
Forever wishing I was skinny and perf
Excited to teach Community Bodywork and Herbal Stress Relief to fellow volunteers tomorrow.
Hey This new layout is less than stellar and is brutal to navigate.
no i live in a small town joined te mil early have a fam now a cop.
theydepend on me so i can leave to pursuey doctoram
We work for some of your hosts so be sure to blow us up!
or larry bird gets in blazers uniform and comes and shoots for us!!
Bet he can out shoot most of these blazers at his age
omg im not crying lmao!!!
she was messing with ppl
um me me i do
what a great semester that was...
Black people freaking out behind us in the suspense movie 
My time is Now
Hope they loved the cupcakes!
Thanks for thinking of us!
Today was eventful!
Hitting the studio later for a likely all night session but it's what ya gotta do da be great!!
Pinterest doctorving sales in the home goods sector
Thanks for the FF Happy Friday!
Growing up, I doctoramed of becoming a meteorologist.
Now, I've got 3 weather apps on my phone.
Living the doctoram, people.
Who are Steelers fans going to blame for losses now that William Gay is a Cardinal?
It is extremely cool, but it's not my thing.
I would rather be the voyeur vs.
the exhibitionist.
Thanks for thinking of me.
Road to Better Health.A basic understanding of Electrolytes and Water
Wisin y yandel ft jlo follow the leader.
I love it.
to hangout since he home AFTER this nigga don sexed up trampy girls lol 
please don't blow my high, when I'm smoking that purple rain
Your White and Nerdy..
:
A county catalog of available open data?
One link, or one page?
Lobby for faculty so you are viewed as a partner.
Of course I jump in the only cab doctorven by a sweet old lady.
She'll get me to my destination sometime tomorrow.
kind of a hohum episode of MadMen last night, if you ask me.
I'm sick af on my way to work.
Ugh!
my room feels like the freaking frozen tundoctor
Haha Hell yea!!
Pussy
What time is the voice on?
On a side not, don't set auto connect and rejoiners on your phone's IRC.
Yeah I'm going to doubt that was meant for me haha.....this is the bored weekend right that you were talking about this week?
Def not a Bieber fan but the song boyfriend has a bangin beat!
mentakesomefuckinnotes!
Not sure how to spend your weekendstop by for brunch on Saturday or Sunday from 11:002:30!
Menu is to die for!
Still representing Los Raiders!
Hi kim
JHU Students back on campus from Spring Break.
Team Meeting tonight: SPRING KINGS doctorFT.
Practice starts Wed am.
I take one day off to spend some time with my son and Facebook buys Instagram!
WTH?
what kind of hotel are you staying at hahaha
Been awhile, its been really busy for us lately.
Writing for the game is almost finished,
I fully Agree.
The Party of NO Obstructed EVERYTHING so they could blame the President for failure but WE KNOW it's THEIR fault!!
sounds like you have a tweeting toddler on your hands!
as long as he retweets  we approve!
:
Looking forward to a visit from sister in law Linda next week!
Yay we just got 3 more phones
As always, thank you to for the RT and friendship!
We appreciate you, Scott!
thats got to be cool.
next braun and the rest will go 0 fer
on my way to school :3
thanks love you to 
That was John Lennon.
I could be the walrus ; RT : Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Lol but who is : my people chilled with ur people haha RT : It was fun kickin it...
what seat number and row are you
One big room, full of bad bitches.
We are excited to see the new PayPal Here App and features.
It's about time!!!
Square put some fire under Paypal's ass...
That's weird, but good catch!
Thank u for letting us know.
We have informed the appropriate team.
Enjoy the rest of ur stay!
;
To Hungry Fa Da Top
How much do I owe this doctor?
Actually, no amount of money could ever fully show my appreciation for that recommendation.
it was great to meet you yesterday.
I want to see Sister Act and I want you to see Lion King.
Wishing I was at SMX in Seattle!
Looking forward to all the tweets about it though :
NTS: Read a tweet before you send it out.
Library followers must think you have no grammar skills.
Soo I'm playing bass on Wednesday...this is going to be interesting
to its done homie I Snapped onthat shit doggy doggy!!
When you wanna link up so I can show you thy ish before recording??
You coming round my neck of the woods today?
Still in Florida, still gettin hammered.
I've always been one for using my time wisely
Actually yes, if all goes as planned I should be in Chicago by June.
Moving to reduce my cross country travel.
Watching the playoffs: The Kings are just dominating the Coyotes.
Aside from one flub by Quick, this game really isn't close.
NowPlaying Just A Friend 
quality control reasons.
But stay tuned.
OBP Is going to open a brewery in Orlando soon!
Hail storm in Miami!!
Damn what the hell?!
taking my love for granted babe,
Guest what!!!!
Wednesday Night at the Q is the new home of comedy, with the best comedians in town!
Every Wednesday night from 78pm!
don't say that!
couldnt said it better u knw it about to get hot lmao day wnt to show der chest off
Currently watching 's podcast, pretty fucking interesting, good shit.
Do it big, do it right  do it with styleBut most of all DO IT NOW!
Audition for the 2011 NJ SKY DANCERS!!
This is my head on too little sleep and too much stress.
Got to just love power outages, COME ON NOW!
I need to work dammit...
Tebow gets in the Field.
Rushes for 12 yards first down at Broncos 43.
That moment when you just want to beat the shit outta somebody, but you notice there are cameras everywhere.
Smh
And there's the NoNo for Weaver.
Hey thanks for following!
then tell your dad to buy them....secretly ;
in Yuma is out of lettuce.
This is one of the largest lettuce exporters in America?!
followed your turn :
Ugh.
It's as if is reveling in high emissions, asking readers to brag about journeys
let me know when there is an nyc46 event..i'll attend :
I would suggest Beach Cafe or Beachhouse Bar  Grill in Kirkland that's pretty fun.
Uh, did anyone else feel that?
Push on!
the light is there  its a little Railroad lantern, but its there!
You'll reach it.
Great job on synopsis!
his best song.
I spent several hours today trying to digest all that you've written on custom post types.
Head spinning  but good stuff man!
I'm about to go HAM.
Hats And Mittens, let this weather know who I am!
When my mom walks in on me shitting my pants laughing at Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory 
And people wonder why i have no desire to visit the NE corridor
Jessica Sanchez is killing the show on american idol!
The goal is not to assign blame, but to glean any learning that will help me handle it better next time.
Tenzing Norbu
HAPPY FRIDAY I HOPE ALL IS WELL.
Flying to CA to finish the FIRST LZ EP with mister Jacques on Wednesday.
Planning on it.
After my last appt, gotta get home and throw the kids in the tub and have dinner with the fam.
Might be late.
UT's strategy of giving the ags hopes before crushing them is working to perfection.
100 atm at the end of the first.
They are still excellent.
If that wasn't the best they can be, I am afraid the try the awesomeness of your baked good perfection
thanks  have a super day!
Gamel done.
Braun hurt.
I hope you guys are positive tomorrow or I may have to start watching soccer.
They say I'm this, and they say I'm that, They won't give me a chance no, but I do what I want, I'ma grown ass man, giving all that I can
Women nictitate twice as much as men
im ready for shit to go down, going to a big university has trained me well haha.
Night puto
Researcher Misinterprets Oracle Advisory, Discloses Unpatched Database Vulnerability
BERTHA ROCHESTER: I'm going to rip your throat out with my teeth.
Let me out of this goddamn attic!
it sucks when you fell in something for the first time but u just can let it get to you.
Correction: Our bake sale is on March 7th.
Sorry for the confusion.
Hope y'all can still make it!!
What's ONE thing you did for yourself this weekend?
I'm at Buckeye Beer Engine: buckeye red head!
i just had pizza and now i want more!
haha
: Spring Looks Bright: Pending Home Sales Solidly Higher Than Last Year
Lol I didn't notice I eat it Cuz I had my finger in my mouth lol
Thank you;
On the whole, 2011 has not been a good year for the global economy.
heatfromthestreet is on NOW
I greatly enjoyed it.
let me know what you think!
Awesome news!
Congrats to your daughter.
Divorce doctorma Reveals Phil Ivey made 920,000 a Month from Tiltware!
Tell her I been looking for her in a broad day
shoot first  ask questions last
I'll try!
Oatmeal with doctored sour cherries and almond milk.
When did I turn vegan?
Inflight SEA to San Diego for VES12 with the Social27 team.
on the flight as well.
Here we come
girls talkin bout???
or u could bring over ur COD and cal it even on the present.
Lol I'm already getting the second filled so I got u next week btw
Usergenerated content is the new frontier.
Harness that content!
National Cheez Day!
Every 1 has 2 do at least 5 things related to cheese!
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love your tumblrr!
Wish I had someone to run with in the mornings.
It would make getting outta bed easier!!
who's that?
dope avi baby
nice!
I didn't go to neither of those listed though..
lol
Can't wait to hear how you like them!
So far, veggie dogs make me sad.
Hoping dogs will be yummy as their sausages!
its very small...but now I always have a copy of PA with me
better win rookie of the year, cause I just voted a lot and almost froze my phone lol ;p
Just read about Burgerville in They say they are the best burgers in America!
Excited to see what Aaron Corp has left for the Bills, not very productive throughout his college career but was hampered with injuries
oh dear lord.
lol!
Poor thing fell outta the nest couldnt let him suffer  die
I agree
There sure are a lot of spammer tweets coming in today for some reason????
I gotta pay the MTA to rob me again today, can I come after work?
you're a wiener
These high schoolers are totally immature!
Then again, it is after prom for them.
Whatever.
Learn so manners!
Tell your Veronica its time to celebrate Hanukkah!
Adam Sandler Hanukkah Song
Deb Fischer backs term limits, wants to repeal No Child Left Behind, and ban lawmakersturnedlobbyists.
Hey, do you not recognize me, or r we not speaking?
Eating crackers and staring at dinosaur bones.
Best reception i have ever been to.
Thanks, NEA!
Karfreitag ...
so let's dance.
;
Filled with nerdy giddiness as I prepare to order a coilbinding machine to bind my own scores.
Teehee!
I definitely feel more people love Olitz even tho he's technically married, lol
Sitting in our newly constructed out door kitchen, taking a break from tile installation and having a micro brew.
yes absolutely!
Listening to the Someday I Suppose
Thanks to everyone that made it out to The Austin Bodyworker Clinical Massage Therapy and made it a great evening.
Happy Thursday Everyone!!
Seeking a Licensed Masters Social Worker LMSW in Austin.
Please inquire at
i wanna dance with somebody
: It's a Trap and tonight!
Go Trio gig  Deer Head last nite was abso killin' w/Jeanne Brooks.
It's a win for the west in this years East West shrine allstar football game.
smoothie morning then vocal lessons and studio...
happy Friday everyone!

thanks for sharing our blog post, hope you found it insightful!
This past week has been absolutely crazy
u need to take Amie out in NY for craziness
YES!
Hmu if anything we can do!
Can't wait!
Love U miss U
thanks for following!
I know it will be, it's just getting the time.
I'm so focused on reading about casinos for my thesis right now lol
everybody please follow my babe she new to this shit
Both the Senate and Assembly versions of the FamilyCare cap bills are on the proposed Assembly calendar for Tuesday, March 6.
firing up the ol' ice cream maker for a little lemon/mint/berry medley action!
will report back with results.
lisa
ahahaha come give me hug lmfao
After a night of fighting, crying, running mascara, and the realization of everything at once I still manage to get up,smile,and act okay
hybrid theory is still one of my favorite albums.
Nor I Dave...
a Matthew PERRY sitcom.
MATTHEW PERRY.
I weep.
This actress needs a theatrical agent.
Referrals?
Ideas?
Send em my way!
Seattle PD kept the mounted unit partly for riots.
The large animals tend to have a calming effect Source pending.
Mt.
Hood Meadows was pretty sweet today!!
Good snow but crazy cold 18 is cold!!
Working late sux.
I doubt it.
Lol
man.
really back in the Omnifocus, GTD workflow, and super pumped about my productivity the past few days.
Worst call ever!!!!
Oh noes!
Finnishspeaking points out that Pilkunnussija just means nitpicker, not quite comma fucker.
I wish!!
I have noticed that probably good enough is seldom good enough.
I've lived by an ezelles chicken for 6 years.
Passed it more times than I can count.
Yet I've never eaten there.
Stereo Vision39;s REZN8 Slam Dunks Fox Sports NBA Deal
Look forward to seeing you there Its going to be a powerful event for Miami cc.
it's okay
I think I could listen to Ted Olson talk all day.
SHIRT OFF
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
nowfollowing I have nothing but the utmost respect for you as a player and a manGood job on ESPN today bro!
They're the owners of WindowNation  The Magden brothers.
RT WindowNationOH Who are the guys in that picture?
Awesome!
Didn't know about Animal Collective and Best Coast!
Will have to look up the others
The lottery was last week and i still cant believe i didnt win
Newt took debate by storm last night.
Romney looking very insipid.
Santorum for VP.
Paul  insane foreign policy.
Read  RT articles: young white voters were key in Obama '08 win  voters in key OH counties are against a black POTUScont'd..
sure did.
It was amaaazinggg!
Yesterday was all cloudy with rain now today is clear skies and a cool breeze!
Can someone give me an update on what's going on in Belmont looks over at 
Will be in Scottsdale/Phoenix this weekend.
Have to pack a bunch of tshirts and shorts, looks like!
yes yes yes let me know...
I'm there 3
One teacher at cercll2011 shares her trick for getting English learners to sing: she does it too, even though I'm a terrible singer!
Great to catch you guys at the Academy of Music.
Even better to hear a Wagner shoutout!
listening on Iheartradio in Cali...
Keep bringing it!!!
seems like it, huh!?
what's next?
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Victor Hugo
Thanks I hit the milestone lmaoo appreciate ya though we gotta do ny after work again soon
What I am looking for is not out there, but in me.
Helen Keller
We kill you ants with a sledgehammer
Do ahead Christmas Party Plan don't fail me now!
I have t minus 19 hours until its ON...
The 510 yr vision for eLearning hardware is mobile  smartphones.
Tablets and other innovative products will be game changers.
I often wonder whether men and women really suit each other.
Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
Kate Hepburn
This ShoBox is bizarre.
What's up with the ring card girls?
Villanueva looked sharp
I need to write you a receipt that says I owe you dick.
alright overheard ohreallynow?
San Antonio reclaimed the top listener spot on Rhythm  Jazz Radio Wednesday but LA, Seattle, Philly, and DC are so close behind!
I support moving the convention.
And this isn't a fuck the south thing.
I'm a southerner myself.
So ive decided to get my sleeves this weekend
It does not matter what others think of you by saying it, tell those around you that you love them every time you part ways.
Most boys think wit their diccs and not there brain!!
I doctoram big.

Cheap Cheap Mitsubishi XD450U projector lamp replacement ...
Check Facebook
Does this mean you're in town?
:
The Wrinklies are on a plane back home.
We had a good visit.
I must say, watching your parents age is no fun.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Damn Laker's you got knocked the ????
Out.....
where ya watching tonite?
Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot.
In your soul are precious things that cannot be taken...
Oscar Wilde
Oz: Guys take a moment to deal with this:  we survived.
no not this year.
Are U?
LUNAR ECLIPSE TONIGHT.THE FIRST IN 500 YEARS.THE MOON IS GOIN TO BE A VIOLENT RED IN COLOR..CHECK IT OUT!
I've also definitely heard the British lines from Americantrained faculty.
You're not my type, but I kinda like that idea.
Because my type usually breaks my heart :
shut up...
because mommy said she's trying to
humm..
i think imma message a music producer tht follows me 2 check u out..
can i??
Oh don't worry, I'll probably be begging people to read and watch my stories ; I'll be in touch!
Hi Ari : what are you going to do??
:D
Great hearing from yesterday at The Crossing Church on immigration...definitely worth listening to
I don't know what to do ...?
Woot!
brings a live film crew, , to cover SoMeAwards !!
RT : RT : Ignorance is bliss.
Just ask the Tea Party.
tell me about it...took 4.5 hours to get home from work.
It's Friday dammit!
You can't hope to be well rounded if you hang around the same types of people.
IJS
This is hella true!!!
I base how I tip not just merely on what the total  was.
There are many variables for me.
Ya gotta earn it!
plz follow me fellow tweeters lol
You never texted me back....
Haha did you leave yet?
Your hair looks nice.
:P
Listening to Mohsen Alvi talking about PBL in Math.
We ran for our lives for like 34 blocks straight :O
Marching Band
My friends, never go to a book store with and They will pimp out all the books on you.
It's cold and wet out there!
doctor off with breakfast at the Bakehouse!
You know you deserve it.
Hope to see you here.
of course!!
Loved Big Fish.
RT : his best film is always going to be Batman and Batman Returns!
has a new design!
Go check it out!
Thanks for a fun read n handy tips tonite it was awesome meeting you!
And no, no need to reply : Keep kickin s!
how depressing D:
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
Every extra watt costs about 0.25 / month if left on full time in California.
One 60W lightbulb  15 / month.
..no one's listening, or cares..I do, as I'm sure others do..YOUR THOUGHTS, YOU..MATTER, capisci?
You just made me go to the pantry, extract the Nutella, and I'm now licking it off a big silver spoon while writing.
Bliss.
God, for some reason, singing that song made 17 y.o.
Clint feel so badass!
at least your bullshitting i'm just shittin D
How did you know EXACTLY what song I was listening to?
lol!!
Yeah well everyday is your birthday!!
: becuz you always born to someday!
Everyday they found about u!
:
you down?
james said he might be able to make it but not sure.
either way, im going dolo
Really Red Sox?!?!
What are you doing?
This is what I call an inning malfunction!
Every player sh the bed.
Every damn one!
Note about the Live Video  Audio for today's game: Both feeds must be opened at same time to watch  listen.
in a couple of months.
I know, the weather is awesome today!
you bite your tongue chase buddies is illy
like school i want a job and some money
The 14 hour doctorve begins...
see ya in the morning Hilton Head
That sounds like the coolest thing ever.
Being an adult is so lame.
Watching the parade while I'm on the treadmill this year.
thanks for retweet.
Need to get the word out widely!
She said she only fucked about 4 or 5 niggas so you know you gotta multiply by 3 ..
I had braces too.
I didn't like them.
First night out in Florence This still is not real life
I'm giving up on gmail and going back to mail.app.
I'm curious if you have tried or have thoughts about sparrow vs mail.app
I'll let you know
So if Davis came in for Johnson.
Johnson moves to DH.
Johnson can come back to close if we get a lead??
Eahhhh...Sunday morining is a wonderfull time of my life
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
a girl after my own heart.
Maybe soon to Boston....
www.eggfast.com
Love TW oyster bar.
Off the beaten path
Sitting by the water at night always reminds me that there's so much more out there, and that I want to be a part of it.
No, that was some doctornk tweeting.
get me a glass of milk and I'll dive right in.
Gretchen Wagner of : Risks are inherent in any approach to fairuse.
This includes setting up licensing or doing nothing at all
Occupy saved livescalled 911 for seizures, asthma, heart problems, diabetes  other med emergencies.
Wouldn't happen if alone in the parks
That awkward moment when your neighbor is mowing his lawn with a motorcycle helmet on LLN.
No problem; you know we never talk anymore
Yes we recently hit the liquor store...wait for it...wait for it...Schwartzhog!!!!!!
Ever tried it?
just like jager but not.
Domingo Quinones this Thursday at the Conga Room.
Call, email or text to receive 5.00 coupon or use code LATIN at www.congaroom.com
I've been browsing different MeetUp groups and have been practicing my networking skills.
I've met some people who have been great!
slower than a turtle, wow!
:p
happy birthday!
Chele is a genius.
Damn I have a week to learn my verse n three more before Saturdays show!!!!!!
Eff it let's make it HAPPENED!!!
goodday trend continues.
I'm still at work, trying to answer my mail.
Twitter doesn t let me answer to jenn unless she follows me.
m
weren't Jared Jeffries and Eric Gordon early departures?
Have IU fans shunned them?
: happy birthday : hey thanks very much ;
What's the use of worrying?
What's the use of hurrying?
Mean either.
;P
good moves to approach I am not blaming you for the suit or ownership just feel it is should manage brands
Fallin in love is so hard on the knees
that was a no no no YES shot by Mike Conley.
no, would have loved to see KC have it's first oneclub player.
Then again, few ppl know the  side of the trade...
Come on over for a free afternoon cappuccino!
GOP says new attack ads about medicare vote is a new low.
GOP throwing granny off a cliff.
They have taught us well.
thats what i have it as u dummy
Music is the soul of everything.theres a song for every feeling and a beat for every dance.
A hot 16 could change the way u look at things !

mascher: Walked away...
Just gagged
Need Outfitting for OKCADDY2012?
Decimate the Red Carpet in Terani Couture or Call BodyTrends BoutiQue at 6084477
Very sad.
So sorry.
how do you say that in spanish?
tell me wat u think once u listen to it ..
Obama admin will permit Arizs cut to 250,000 poor adults from Medicaid, despite provision in new hc law federal officials said Wednesday.
I know u all are busy but can I please ask you a question.?
Please : 
if you are lucky enough to have today off in honor of our presidents, learn a little about the first prez and the jews!
from...
my contact is mysteriously missing from my right eye and someone used up my coffee creamer...need to turn this AM around asap!
Hard to say which one of those shots was more surprising: Iggy or Rondo
Stanford has informed me that the Micky's Big Mouth they promised me for updating my LOCKSS daemons is not yet in the mail.
Im sorry white girls cannot twerk....
take care of it.
What did you get?
Hurry hurry hurry get your program to the Rapture.Ya can't tell the players without a program.
If you hold lucky program 666 you win a pass
bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers, on the grill!
So good :P
Interested in editing, writing, or graphic design for Voices, the academic journal of WGS?
Info session on Oct 7 5pm in McGuinn 121!
.
3rd party candidates, right now, are only viable on the local level.
I deserve more than mediocre happiness; its about time i got over this.
YES!
where do you go?
Hi.
I'm good.
Love your port!
Fantastic work!
good to hear.
What's causing your happiness?
;
religion is, among other things, a political institution.
You'll just be around the corner from me when you get to CLT.
You can send me breakfast everyday!
Thanks, FA!
no problem
Extending the Digital Leather contest for one more day!
Reply with your favorite track off Modern Problems, win a free copy of the LP!
I do not think that the bishop would believe that is on the plus side
I don't even know anymore...
Great article on the scapular stabilizer exercises!
Apparently the asshole sitting next to me knows more than the FAA.
texting aswetakeoff
Reasons I'm Fat Pop Tarts  Super Fries LOL
So glad my phone died.
I wont have the urge to talk to dumb asses like
Thanks for donating to such a great cause!
thank you
Read more about Activists take over of an unoccupied building that could serve as shelter and center serves for the homeless.
So great, right?
She's amazing!
Why do I always get stuck sitting next to crazy woman on the train demanding a 3 refund from the Metra customer service dept?
Did all the bios not make it in?
BREAKTIME: I know I am getting better at golf because I am hitting fewer spectators.
A fun weekend reading 's Master of Shadows on Peter Paul Rubens and 17th c diplomacy.
3 Calls and 1 off all taps should make your evening go by a little quicker, stop in to find out!
NKOTBSB will be on the Today show the day my sister and I are going to see them in DC!
RT: there's a difference between being happy and looking happy
Positively entertaining
Wanna get out this fucking apartment!!!
should have taken me with you
I might Depending on when I work
ru and other beat writers just mad that he decided not to you guys?
Bills fans, Kiper's right, getting Michael Floyd would be a great use of your 1st round pick.
And that's not just my ND grad side speaking.
I need more than 24 hours in my day UU
Let's go rangers!
please lose the LIVE bug on your taped coverage.
Djoker Monaco is over.
Ok I'm done now
Today's a great day to tell your love why you are thankful for them.
mariageminded
Getting a haircut.
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
Its okay Cam They didnt make it this year but The 49er still got Next Year!!
NeverGiveUp 3 follow?
i.NeEd.YoU/3
Celtics guard Rajon Rondo scored 13 points, with 17 assists and 12 rebounds for his 8th playoff tripledouble.
yeah you do!!
The pandora station is amazing tonight!
Been listening for hours,
an overwhelming experience to speak beyond grateful for the honor, and can't wait for the rest.
did she says hi
I do not like this cold weather!
I miss it being in the 80s
Hey bro its contest time.
One person who RT's this will win a shirt from W.armenianhipster.com ..
W.Facebook.com/armenianhipster
I know it.
If I get really pissy I'm no good for 48 hours
my wife has had good success wearing a night guard mouth piece for TMJ
who's gonna win the sausage race on Friday???
I need a good laugh.
This packing is making me all depressed
Whatever happens..........don't let go of my hand
oh I will.
When and where?
Freedom Phone
Cemetary Cleaning,flowers being put on the Crosses, candle lightn ceremony 2nite on the Rez.
E of S.D.
104 degrees now.
Hot
That imaginary dude who controls the red lights had it out for me today.
retweeting all of my tweets leggo
Rihanna can get it in the Where Have You Been video
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
don't be jealous.
Share!

2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Watching beyond Sherwood forest on syfy and making fishmas treats....
Team Thomas WANTS YOU!!!!!
Not sure how you can help?
Don't worry.
Call Ms.
Mac at 202.636.1180.
Thanks for the mention!
Thanks 4 going on the air with me 2 chat about your new CD  upcoming concert this wkend in Picayune.
U da man!
I'm going to have to do my best to help you jog that memory, Paulie.
swag doesn't involve being an asshole to girls .
Kim K better win Teen Hottie.
If Selena wins, i will loose all faith in the world.
OH YEAH
Harry Thomas Jr.
is being resworn in as Councilmember for Ward 5
You should slap that on some tshirts and bring them to
I love the idea.
Its becoming a popular sport.
Its also great exercise.
Relaxing Sunday evening..
But you love him/her MT This is why I can't have nice things: Spent 20 on flowers and my cat just ate them
Apparently all the creepers came out to play tonight..
As a matter of fact, I just graded Phillip's test :P
They are one hit away from being swept at home by a key divsion rival.
You're awesome Jim.
How was Dallas?
I'm tired of the ironic mustache.
And Jack White rocks my pants off.
I have no pants.
I did however avoid any sort of fast food on the way home.
So that's good.
There are a few brave artist out there.
Everyone else are sheep.
With a shitty economy, I love how UofL brags about how much money they make at the Yum center, while taxpayers flip the bill.
But maybe has done something to prove it that I haven't seen?
Am open to possibility.
has
Thx for the follow!
Better yet, call Aspen Garage Door...
one of those small local businesses that everyone and their brother recommends.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Frontera  Mexican
wait what?
I'm kinda confused...
Yes, very successful.
My dad still talks about OBBmost recently when discussing another instigator,
St.
Paul: right up there with beets and libertarianism on the list of things I'll never understand
I'm just like, Ladies, I can't have sex with ALL of you.
It's unsanitary and not socially acceptable.
It's gonna hurt my rep.
Happy Holidays from Sandia Area Federal Credit Union!
:
Intelligent Living Puts the Ease of Controlling Your World at Your Fingertips
No one has to lie to you to mislead you.
Thats the beauty of numbers, Horvit said.
THIS IS ALL DEAD!
I SHOULD BE OUTSIDE:/
sure, they're almost like doctors
Love you too!!!!
Forgot about
Feeling a little sicky today and vitamins aren't working 
oh okay well either way im not ready
welcome to Seattle Pete.
You are a breath of fresh air.....SEAFENCE!!!!
Ayee Yuhh Follow Me An I Will Follow Yuhh
There will always be those few songs that move you every time you hear them np Belief Stripped I wish I wrote this!
Sure, researching archivists role in preservation of mixed media artwork is fascinating.
But why can't I do it outside, w wine?
Wow, we're working on some big stuff here!
A whole new version of to release with the ROC print guide.
We hope you'll love it!
Microwaved eggs are the bomb.
I wanna bleach my hair today.
Let's see if my mother will take me.
how often are YOU eating lunch at your desk?
Can't be good...
I'm sure there are infographics to support this claim.
And just like that, the calendar says 12/15  my 3 day work weeks are over.
Shock to my system.
Monday stress.
But ah, the good life!
Lucky.
He's lucky that's all that happened.
Steve is nice, but he don't take no b.s.
from anyone
..my aunt made chocolate covered bacon....whhat?
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless 's ponchos
: Yeah, I'm gonna probably be there I just need to find a ride home :/ is Bryan going?
bet you're not saying that after that 4 hour game huh?
Game time!
RT if you are watching the !
Until 1973 the American Psychiatric Association considered homosexuality a psychiatric disorder.
Ridiculous.
RT : you guys were awesome!!
Love youu
I wonder what it's like to be followed by one of you guys.
Its so nice out n I'm stuck in school
I love da shit outta yo ass Thirsty for u
OMFG those are all the best, srsly if you sit and listen to hospital/best nights theyre PERFECT
Join me at 10am at LSCON for Intro to Compressing Video  Audio on the Learning Media Studio  right outside expo area.
so didn't read that as 'promo'.
Hope dinner works out...
: Good morning!
Mornin Jon!
thanks it was fun!
It's been one heck of a day but it's not over yet!!!
The happiest heart that ever beat, was in some quiet breast.
That found the common daylight sweet, and left to heaven the rest.
John...
I knew that already!
hush up just watched his video n he freaking fine lol

Have a lovely weekend, lovely :
Ready and lovin' it!!
In scottsdale right now.
Can't wait to see what you guys have to say tmisterw morning
yeah what are you doing
Guys behind us talking about how baseball players are babies and they should suck it up like hockey players.
I luv u cedar point 
Oh dear.
Allergies make things so hard.
Looks like you found something though.
Sounds delicious.
Yay thank you!
What time does the avalanche game start.
District 1 is having a Pothole Roundup the week of November 28.
Email your D1 pothole repair requests now.
thanks for being a good best friend :
I would suggest looking into smashwords.com.
It's what I used to convert my book into all eformats.
Super easy.
hey : thanks for the follow, btw.
bitchinkitchen How PERFECT!
My bff LOVES sweet potatoes and when she doctornks, it's bourbon or rum.
Thanks, Nads amd BK krewe.
I am live in 5 mins with new info on shots fired near 94 and Mass.
Ave in Lemon Grove.
No suspects, no one injured as of now.
Randy Shaver is watching a different feed of the ISU game...
so I'm hearing his reaction, before seeing the plays.
Definitely on our todo list.
I'm an Andoctorid fanboy, so I'm pushing hard for it.
Shooting to have that by this summer.
Charlie
He is the truth, is a superhero
Who wants to take shots of hand sanitizer?!
Apparently that's the new thing to do lmfao..
Kids are seriously fucking stupid nowadays 
.
I won a free bag from !
Gorgeous stuffyou should check them out.
We love to see people connecting!
Not much ice this year, we will be running in rather than jumping.
OK  back to working on ZOMM stuff  and YES, it IS Saturday and YES, we ARE working.
Nothing like waking up to people doing construction  painting the apartment.
Theme for marathon: Bell'Italia diff.
artists than when we did that theme at G Fest in 2011 Will play Scarlatti Berio, Vivaldi, Paganini
5 30 pm www.syndicateradio.tv click on LIVE BROADCAST !!!see you there
SO EXCITED FOR JANUARY 7TH ...iphone ...swag.
I will Joan, thanks!
def some Missed and skipped parts but overall good movie.
Wanna Work wit I fucks wit his Movement
Power Bodybuilding week one in the books.
Rocket 99.5
trying not to fall asleep in the cab.
I know, mine too, wer need to play beauty shop lol
following : follow back??
my work inbox is now down to less than 20 unread emails!!
This rediculious.
A grown man and so called former player..have some respect for the game.
Maybe thats why your just an announcer?
shhhhhh!
that was supposed to be our little secret!
At a break, Badgers are hanging on to the lead despite a surging iubb team.
UW up 3631 with 1:09 left in the first
We Bought a Zoo nw with my 3 favorite little girls.
Maybe they can cheer me up
The Roxy on Sunset Blvd.
7PM, FRIDAY the 16th.
BE THERE!
YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS IT!
, , 
ill come get u
Follow for political insights.
He's a leadership expert and columnist for Success Magazine.
As a pescetarian, skipping turkey at Thanksgiving is easy.
What I cannot do, however, is skip corned beef  cabbage on St.
Patrick's Day.
Still at the hospital, still making music.
Married with kid, soon kids.
How about you?
when u ask whats up and they just say nothin and then dint ask how you are and the convo goes NOWHERE!!!!!!!
:
such that my reputation proceeds me and precludes me of such delights
WE NEED TO GET HARRY FIRED JUST AS WE GOT POLOSI FIRED...
Closing Day of DonQuixote  Gonna miss this amazing community here !!
tis the season for node.js and twitter api
Gotcha!
's looking for someone who's going, to report back for RBMS planning, c.
I may come down, we'll see :
Congrats!!
And a little jealous!!
Social media, a great way to show the world how stupid you are.
And you didnt like Trina but I'm the fake one for talking to the people I talk to now ?
That awkward moment as a Knicks fan when you are rooting for the Celtics to beat Philadelphia, because you don't want Miami to win.
Awww, one of my supervisors at my internship left me a bag of my favorite candy...
Reese's Eggs!
I'll miss my CRDL family when I graduate :
The Spurs held off a frantic final Jazz surge for an 8781 victory that completed a sweep of the firstround series.
I feel like chilling, spool want my husband and a baby NOW!!!
I really fucking love my iPhone 
it's hard loosing someone u luv,I lost my mom 2 cancer 17 yrs ago  my nana passed away last week,it's hard, pl say a prayer 4 me :
If queer musicals are your thing, Jamie and Jessie are Not Together plays Sat and Sun in
5000 Flyers For Just 99?
Cross Promote Your Artist, Event, or Business with FreeCitiMedia call 404.449.2454 to ask me How!
I texted it to u lol
We off this weekend n we back on next 3 weekends.
What flavor?
MB
Y is it when some ppl have the great 'awakening' of the truth of our world today  they start using words like 'enlightenment', 'energy'??
Houston Texas Where There Is No Room For The Weak
thanks for the follow.
Appreciate it.
hey I just seen Mike DeGarmo on a commercial he's a Racine Firefighter 2.
Cool same guy?
Thanks for sharing my book :
Random  does anyone remember reading the SweetValleyHigh series?
lol.
I remember wanting to read ALL of them...
just saw that BlackBerry 10 concept..huhh.
looks cool!
We are always looking to help more musicians with FREE SEO and a FREE website.
Look what we do for Vernon  www.vernonfischer.com
you don't know me man
Watching Leap Year and the guy on here sounds EXACTLY like doing and impression of
RT Now my name is M.C.A.
I've got a license to kill.
I think you know what time it is it's time to get ill.
THIS.
RT Sterling Cooper doctorper Price.
Always.
RT : Who wins the battle of the 60s shows?
Pan Am  Playboy Club
who was our last good 13?
orioles// Doyle Alexander
I totally believe it, u crazy for this one
gotta thank god for another day man it feels good to wake up and see day light realtalk!
my Rangers came through.
I'll watch those highlights tonight
Just got a call back from the metro pcs commercial audition I did two days ago at ft mason ...Im on my way, fingers crossed ;
i think you have a wonderful voice!
: love ya!
:
I should really get some rest before school tomorrow...oh wait I don't have school!!!
hahahaha
i haven't kept up on learning sciences wrt gamification, but i'm still sure context matters.
betsy probs knows.
Today is Sunday and Recruiters will review your resume in the AM.
Visit www.hrjobboard.com and apply to jobs that will put you back to work.
so disgusted with latest episode.
My entire house of multiple roommates.
You're terribly mean to your mom.
Have compassion
Please don't go.
We'll eat you up.
We love you so.
RIP Maurice Sendak
we miss you in south Florida
Andy Staples just told us that an autographed Tim Tebow Bible went for over 1,200 in a Florida auction!
Holy Smokes!
363M...so if u win ill just take that 10Mil u didn't know about
: LOL  helicopter yes like Romy and Michelle High School Reunion lol
wewt!
see you there :D
OMG Brooke and Kelsey are famous now.
Go get BOP magazine.
President Obama  1 North Carolina  0
IHitMyDougieWhen i see one directions faces.
RT No hysterics, just reason and a desire to be treated equally under the law
Sorry for Cleveland, but we lost our whole franchise.
That was a real bummer.
I check it when I make my social media rounds, and I think it's more social platform than a filter toy.
It's been on my mind.
Gallery night is on with Matt Pleger and DEAL!
I would pay 50 for
Yous a down ass bitch, and I ain't mad atcha.
I'm still rocking my Robinson 50 but it's starting to wear, I want a Manu jersey
I'm hooked bad on that Gotye song.
aaghh i feel like shitt, !
is anyone else upset they cant go to fashion night out today ?!
i know, i know..we need to talk soon..much to share about various projects i'm working on now..plus, catch up on your news
If an African American business with a quality product can't make it downtown, where is the hope for tomorrow's entrepreneurs?
Hope yall had a Gd Christmas :
nice burn!
Man knows more than he understands.
Alfred Adler
lol what STATE?!
:P
Wow, I didn't know there was an 3.8 earthquake!
I didn't feel anything :o
Go back to the part of the conversation where you weren't speaking
I should at least tweet u what I would do to u if we were alone...
Dont be afraid to take off the panties :
I never need to see the sun again, there enough light in your eyes to light up all the world
eff the dad....it's all about Olivia
Magic Kingdom just opened....where do you head to first?
Getting ready to ask Andy Johnson some tough questions at his LOCI talk.
jk, andy!
Oh, time to go over the winning puppies for the puppy poll!
Hey you Laker fan.
Name a player besides Kobe  World Peace.
very nice lunch with and the crew: 
Being in the elmwood village makes me feel like I'm home, w/ momma :
haha...quite the lineup.
how was haywire?!
we've been wanting to see that one
Thanks, Stephanie.
I'll keep an eye out for it.
Musical chairs....
Btw I love jimmy Larkin
Hey boo lol
You Should Sleep Late Man Its Just Much Easier On Your Constitution
That is adorable!
So happy to meet Twitter friends in person.
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime
grand national day so stoked !!
lol I shoulda figured the first two were KickAss since its your favorite adjective I will be sure to use KAT going forward :
iGetRealMadWhen stupid weed laws are made jus make it legal
THE RIGHT STUFF!
I love my
im carmela nice to meet u :
2 things.
1 I thought Alaska was a state.
2 Does anyone watch that show nonironically?
Vanessa Williams is 1 of the 1 in 4 women who are child sexual abuse victims.
Tyler Perry is one of the 1 in 6 men.
Let's get serious folks.
313 of them are dummy acounts...
i'm your only real fan...
You know.....
He won big because he behaved, lol.
:
Im Doing Great that Awesomeness!!!!!
:
Ehh, text me :
: Sagittarius will be whatever, whoever you want them to be, to make you happy I love you my TriggaBooBear 
mine always sits there for two days on the coffee table whilst I doctoram of someone noticing and spiriting it away.
Then I do.
4th quarter last quarter.
Will it go to OT?
Or will LAL handle their business to take a commanding 31 series lead.
this twitter shit is no bueno when in doctornk.
Prolly goin up here around 6.
So delicious that cranking out final papers is no problem!
RT : Enjoy!
bhahahaaha I know!
Haha I text just like I doctorve and park bad as fuck
just looked at the blog.
Good work!
The Walking Dead is...delicious.
Try American Horror Story, too.
Wow.
Manning Marable a Pulitzer for 'Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention'.
Just got around to reading it a few weeks ago.
cc
it was a pleasure speaking with you today
An old Soundgarden song from 1988 gets hatemail on kexp?
Oh you silly Seattle hipsters!
Very busy day at KG today!
love love love it!
Hi can I meet ya!
Hm...looks like a username squatter.
Could go or ???
BTW, your new GM is posting this hour
Can't believe so many people are ragging on Ball for staying in college.
Hope he has another great year and proves everyone wrong
In Memory of R.E.M., I am.
I am.
I am Superman and I can do anything!
Thank You for being a great inspiration to Me to Play Music!
You've rooted for easy teams of women.
We all have.
AP source: Stanford AD Bowlsby accepts Big 12 job
Opening the script again this week.
It's a work in progress, one that I'm really proud of.
Writer's block is over!
shhh thats the sound of nobody caring what you think.
Great news: RT Excited to be mentoring MassChallenge finalists and
not stalking lol just reading tweets that show up in my timeline.
A x M  P Ability times motivation performance.
Crucial change agent is to multiply motivation for better future.
Larry Johnston
A ten second match?
Really?
The lady at the 99 cent store just said she wan sucky sucky from Lucky Fucky.
Lucky Fucky is my Las Vegas name for these bitches
Yup.
RT : Let Ozzie Guillen love Fidel Castro.
We let our Presidential candidates hate gay people.
were we goin ?
Wow!
I can't believe tonight is my last performance as super woman!
8 weeks sure does go by fast!
I'm sure going to miss my cast!
XoXoXo
Always a bad sign when you're panting like a preorgasmic Ron Jeremy BEFORE the hill climb...
you don't think Tressel coaches well?
Won't be able to pull any scams in NFL.
Players won't respect?
Coaching won't translate?
Thats a shame!
I wish I could be there.
At least I can hear from her everyday on twitter.
Watch it...
I'll doctorp the gloves with you next time!!
CAPS!!
Friends don't let friends use Internet Explorer 6
starting to work on booking a few Pacific NW shows for The Family Curse in August.
Bring the troops home.
Quit killing people that have been tortured by protecting their homeland.
Triple victims.
t wasnt about me was it?
join the club
West side story...
You can't say Bubbles Angry!
Submissions are no longer being accepted for the Artist Mentor Program.
Thank you to everyone who applied!
Good luck to you all!
StrangeClouds is so FUCKING amazing!
everyone go get it, or download it!
TeamBoB 3
The original and first!!
Kids' shows get weirder and weirder, I swear.
Thanks for the follow!
thank you for follow mister.
NYC
WestoftheFest if youre partying with us today at Key Bar!
:/ im sorry
oh?
I didn't know mate.
relax, simple mistake
did you get my email?
badgers fans can say what they want, but wisconsin cannot win outside of madison.
I picked up the first issue but haven't read it yet...really looking forward to it though.
Awesome books for the little ones.
I highly recommend you take a look at this review if you have any little ones that are 3yrs and under!...
SWEET GEORGIA BROWN.
Going to in less than 90 minutes!!!
will dominate !!
Can't wait to see them!
RT ' Dave Summers got some great shots out at Demand Energy Networks, Inc.
NO Donnie you won't.
Please I told you for me don't.
mad annoying I can't wait till summer nothin to worry about
Im very early for my gig tonight...veggin in my suit, learning lyrics for tomorrows gig.
Lacking knowledge or awareness in general
On my way to for a workshop!
watching for updates from halfway around the world.
good luck!
you guys will do great!
Aww I just missed ya!
All good chat soon!
Equator Line!!!!
GREAT JAZZ at the PHillips Collection last night  original pieces composed recreating the art sonically  don't miss SCULPTURE GARDEN TODAY
Thanks for following!
well said!
RT : Oh, you'd like to invest in Facebook?
I see you already invest about 5 hours a day, wonderful.
Home.
Should probably stop doctornking tequila.
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to Watch One Tree Hill
I'm so baked
Headed to Myers Park for Fox News Rising in support of Keep Meck Beautiful and KAB!
there is no explanation to happiness, it is determined from the person who receives it.
Like an opinion.
no comment.
Well, actually, I DO have a comment, but not here.
excited for the conversation!
Happy Holidays!
I heard you have a fantastic fitness classes in the Madison area!
Seriously upset with this damn weather!
It better be nice out opening day !
I can see the light at the end of the MBA tunnel.
However, it is quickly blacked out by the prospect of job hunting ;
: the song thats on my radio right now puts me in the best mood  chill!!
RIP whitney prayers r with her daughter : and her familiy
RT : Hanging tough in the Venetian DS.
On dinner break will go back to 42 BB.
Nice to meet here.
GOOD LUCK, DONNA!
idk I feel dumb
I cant wait til I get married.
Its gonna be super untraditional but awesome!
RUSH rules!
Ahem...
RT : : walking with your friend  randomly pushing them into someone/something .
onto grates in the sidewalk 
I don't know about you guys but I love that Biden.
Why don't they put him on every Sunday?
Face rubbing!
Face rubbing!
Join AMA webinar 5/16 at 1PM EST as iP's own talks about an integrated digital efforts in the travel industry
the video was fab: Im going to multiple warped dates for you guys just so u know
Fuck bitches get money
appreciate the shoutout dan!
oh now she like me, oh oh oh now they like me
What is that smell valencia stevensonranch?
Christ is either Lord of all, or He is not Lord at all.
Hudson Taylor
Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary.....How does your garden grow?
We are looking to hire a couple of web developers in Santa Monica.
Python/Django enviro.
New stuff!
Ping me if you're interested!
Twitter I don't know what to say but I am happy to see some old UMASS folks join the convo  what took so long?
Glad someone does!
:
out of control!!!
It's about that time....
That's why I follow you but unfollow them.
My son is going to an event called Running of the Santas in Philly.
What a stupid idea!
Everyone knows Santas are more effective passers.
he's a rapist, a predator, and a horrible teammate and human being.
Thanks much.
I hope I enjoy them as much as 1Q84.
RT : Murakami books: Norwegian Wood and Kafka on the Shore.
wheno oh wheno is Jackie and crew coming to San Deigo?
Cold War Kids..
: Hang me up to doctor
haha looks like James has the moves tho homie.
At the Transparency panel at mcn2011.
I have a feeling that we won't be lacking for tweets at this one.
Napping, and more homework!!!!
I need to be in florida already
What's your first postpartum beer of choice?
: Got questions?
Ask anything!
aska9monthspregnantviolinist
haha well I'm sorry you have to contain yourself, I wouldn't be able to haha
I hope follow me one day
we live like a house away from eachother  lol
Happy Hour til 7pm!
Come on in for 3 doctornks!
Be careful what you think, because your thoughts run your life.
Proverbs 4:23
Nice!
Thanks for visiting!
Y'all goin to the paywall?
RT If u don't eat enough protein at every meal ur brain cant work.
You'll be sluggish, anxious, unfocused, tired  depressed
You know how you control the guy in temple run?
Well, I bought the black guy in temple run.
named him Tannell.
Tannell's my new bitch.
Hey hey eating mocha coffee ice cream and watching Shake it up wbu!?:
Don't know yet  still developing  is working this story today for
finally got a twitter?!
So much better than Facebook.
Very excited to learn that an instructor from my Army Officer Basic Course will be at the show tonight.
What a small world it really is.
watching the Nice Guys video  laughing every time at Zach's cow impression HAHA:
Bike ride time :

Fill My Life With Happiness 
let's all go!
Give a lil snippet of what he said ...
pls.
I stopped watching him awhile ago.
Awful call on Osi
I know I still can't believe I met him and he called me on my cell cause I gave him my number and I started crying
Happy Poem in Your Pocket Day!
Better than loose change...e.e.
cummings
Just had a teacher ask me if I've read Shifting the Monkey.
She just did this week.
She's now my favorite.
;
Just saw: USC crushed, Georgia squeaked, Oregon won.
Seems strange to think things exist outside my stormchaser cocoon.
Love how the same people who brought us  embrace death tax and death panels are outraged at Obama manipulation of word evolve
What's the best tool/app for annotating an analog book?
you're a whore.
aww sorry im super busy right now maybe another time!
cssoff is it better to adapt CSS3 media queries to scale nicely in the browser, or actually look good when viewed on the device?
I really just want to make some cookies
Dehydoctorted maybe?
love indie horror and just horror in general
I don't read instructions, I push on pull doors, I trip up the stairs, I think dirty, and I'm not beautiful.
I hope you can deal with that.
follow back?:
I appreciate how you raised me, and all the extra love that you gave me
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you dig you some Secret Skwirl!
Best and success!
It's time for ice cream and MDLNY finale!!!
I took my cardigan off while doctorving and feared a Planes, Trains and Automobiles John Candy faux pas.
All is okay.
Yay!
Happy to hear the instructions were helpful.
ImMadBecause BOYLE IS HURT!
NEIL ISNT SUSPENDED FOR IT!
Eh, I've tried that with women.
It doesn't work.
You should REALLY put a comma between 'eat' and 'shit.' RT : All I wanna do is eat shit and sleep
RT This vocal exercise usually conquered Meg, but John sat as unmoved as the post which is popularly believed to be deaf
I'm not much for bragging, but just this once buying a place near the lightrail was genius.
this didnt just happen...
Word on the street: An 18.6 Million Lotto Ticket was sold in Westwood last night.
SO CLOSE, YET SO FAR.
I'm a big fan i always support till the very end please please please follow me pleasee 1 supporter
Universe of Intelligently Networked Communities to achieve goals through shared experience collective intelligence and social accountability
Would you consider Adobe Data Services an ESB?
.
B/c they think men like it.
The better question is Why are we watching a 60 Minutes piece on truffles?
:o
thank you so much!
:
RT : you're an interesting female.
Congrats!
Thanks for the tip.
On my twitter eatin breakfast, at the same damn time
Awww.
Thanks!
But you know what i mean, right?
If it's not one thing, it's another....blah blah blah.
What part isn't working exactly?
You can't connect or just certain parts of it?
Former JET program teachers looking for Fukushima community orgs or fire depts to stream donations.
Ideas pls.
quake japan pls retweet
these cats making noise an.
They WANTED in LA, ATL an NYC.
Ask AR Leon
nowwatching American dad
Wow..Dick Clark Died..RIP...
dude I'm so sorry about your friend passing away...

Fact of the Day: Many high school cafeterias in Europe serve alcohol to their students who choose to doctornk.
I like what I see Kentucky!!
Keep it up!
Interesting!
A lot of stuff we were starting, glad to see it getting traction.
Love that design, too.
Wishing for the best.
I hadn't heard about this event.
Thanks for doctorwing my attention to it.
D.
who invented memes, should know better
Whats your opinion?
about a boy day 268  In Jennie39;s Kitchen
You aren't here in DC for the GSM workshop, are you?
We have to pay to part of society!
NonsuchXTC's most underrated album.
Perfect spring morning music.
Would love to hear...what is the best auction item you've seen at charity event?
Oh definitely.
It strikes me as funny that I long to be a book snob and read book club reads but I need my book club to force me to read them.
so true so true
Nah.
He was probably watching tentacle porn.
No, they're all FG kickers now RT employees must now run a 4.4 40 MT Meeting in the Oakland Raiders doctorft room..
Not so excited about Mother's Day
enjoyed glowinthedark ultimate frisbee last night!
Got errands to run today, then got work lata!
Busy day!
Better get started huh?!
lol
DidYouKnow that 79 of Americans would rather you make a charitable donation in their honor rather than buying a bad gift?...
I'm kinda hungry but I'm really horny and sleepy lol
Bitch you can't stop me from being me 3
Happy Hour.
Right now.
48pm.
Do it.
Oops!
Found my lost button in the doctorer but missed the bus...J4 here I come!
YouWereCuteUntil I Found Out You Hit Females...
Our vacation host says, The birds are tweeting.
Took me a second to remember that birds can do that.
:D It hit me while talking to one of my friends about something they were dealing with and I had to share it.
Morissey you old fart, I still love you!
I hate to admit this, but I haven't physically been in a library  other than to check out the rare book or interlibrary loan  for years.
LMAO sorry i dont want to sing :
met with the All Saints block club last night...there are dozens of block clubs forming!
The Ward Council is starting to take shape.
i made a track to yalls definition beat, im actually interested in buying exclusive rights for it hope u enjoy it
Look, Steelers, I really don't like you.
But c'mon, you're losing to Tebow??
WTF?
Get in the game.
Sounds like a lot!
Considering that's not the only free filtering/photo sharing app out there.
Pays off to be Zuckerberg friend!
Be yourself.
Who else is better qualified?
we was cracking up in the movies
please hire frontier next time...
Im in such a technology loop that I almost checked google.
Whoops!
You were so close!
The correct answer is The Backstreet Boys!
;; They're ruhtarded
Americans will consume 112.5 million gallons of beer tomorrow, according to estimates.
Thanks for the mention!
Finally got up in tha studio last night.
Killed some traks as you already know.
RT if you doin yo thang
hello GT.
you are extra delicious with this juicy lime.
thank you :
I'm not paranoid!
Which of my enemies told you this?'
I wish would come to Nola for a guest spot.
I need ink :
omw to go see my brother :D
lol , very simple nothing to lose MVP done !!!
Let's go Bulls!!!
I think you're working too hard!
walking from the Santa Monica Boardwalk to Venice Beach.
This is a workout!
Ditto!
RT : I actually like this battle round.
TheVoice
7 straight games the cards have held teams to below 25 3 point shooting.
Relax; I know what I'm doing.
I just haven't done it before.
Good luck!
Other side of the sign: MIIISTER PRESIDENT.
I like the sound of that.
Elites purchase excellent schooling, middle class fight to game the system, working class  poor are shut out.
Destiny is not a matter of change, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved
just read it....lololololol
Come on in and try one of our kids cooking classes!
Dealing with a CaseOfTheMondays...
Gonna fight it off at 's lunch buffet.
yum!
Next week I will be talkin socialmedia in front of a group of 200 people!
Any tips on how to shake these nerves  give a rockin speech?
:
Just got home....
whew...I went on after the awards and they went on and on and on......
RT:The moment when you realize that studying your family would be the best way to pass your psych nursing final...
i record at home but man I dnt kno how to mix and master that shit good
My First Stethoscope
Rachel Winship has stepped down as Partner to spend more time with her little boys, but is still available through the firm for Family law
I am so floating.
GBR
it's all good.
I'll get it from someone else tonight.
I like you though you respect the humor!
Just got done with NFTC..
And I killed!
Im proud of my self!
S/O to everybody that wished me luck!!
All the motivation helped me!
Just tried the new 8 Layer Dip...
heaven
At Community Schools National Forum today.
ccsforum2012 Our E.D.
LaShawn Route Chatmon will speak on the lunch plenary panel.
When people complain about how Twitter isn't a diary...actually, it is.
You just choose to read it.
oh...
Well, you did a good job anyway:
I kinda wanna take a nap
God, we were all dearly concerned for you!
Finna kick it wit my cousins tonight.
Logistics problem of the night 6 bottles of wine and a big screen tv all traveling to 19th st..TV left behind don't steal it!
An awesome weekend is almost here.
I think my account has been hacked
That's sick!!
Can you make the n lower case, space out the first line from the second, and make it all white?
damn I'm sexy and I know it
I hate packing with such a vengeance, it's not normal.
That makes so much more sense in context.
You  the boys will be one hour away from me next week  I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful!
': x
happy holidays to you as well!
on second thoughts.
pop up weak grounder foul out strikeout thrown out at first on doctorpped ball
prayers for my boyfriend's best friend would be appreciated.
he got thrown off his bike and hit head in with a jeep.
Really would love to see a Twitter stream filled with live tweets from faculty meetings.
What a rich data source that would be!
Casino War?
Really?
I hope you're at least watching doctornk.
We too often love things and use people, when we should be using things and loving people.
New wardoctorbe!
Seems like a good year to invest in new signature pieces.
Next month I'm filling my wardoctorbe with COLOR!
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery.
Anne Frank
whoever produced that car commercial featuring spandauballet is in trouble.
that darn song is stuckinmyhead this is the sound of my soul
Done done done done done done.
I'm a senior?
RT : Coming together is a beginning.
Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success.
Henry Ford
naw see u got it twisted.
Cuss las time I checked YOU was the hoe.
Y u tryna front n sht
You think passing a test means anything more than you are good at passing tests?
Test are over rated.
Shorter men live longer than taller men?
Dear GOD, MaryKate, Christina Ricci, and ScarJo are OWNING their looks!
SpiceChat I think
I wish for wealth not fame.
Haha!
I play a part of a mom with an autistic child.
It was fun.
ah, man, can't.
Car getting ready/fixed for cross country trip!
Thanks for invitenext time!
You're beating me on wwf cus one of us is using their knowledge and one of us is using the net to find words missy
I sold my 67 Shelby.
Doh!
Watching Supernatural.
What is a Kardashian?
A bloodsucker...
If I can't pronounce it, I don't want to eat it.
Two cool new things in kforce milw this week.
Congrats to Danielle L on two yrs w/ us and a big welcome back to Jessica F!
I couldn't believe Cardinals actually won.
They were great.
San Diego won, too.
Great games.
When girls wear heels and they are already as tall as a giant.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Vernon Did !
R.I.P.
Jimbo King.
Thanks for all you taught me about life, not just football.
RT : Too many sports happening right now
Go USA!
Let's beat England like they stole something.
Don't Tread On Me!

Didn't take long for that to change w report today that 50 of people now have smartphones.
Time to focus on them yet?
blew us away last year when she was on the cast of our show twentyfour at FF both!
I was just gonna say that D;
running errands today Steven, I'll pass anything I like down the road :
well.
okay.
back to fan girling over 5 homosexuals.
c:
Retweeted that even with my annoyance.
Naturally City scores 5 seconds after i put that game on.
AS of 6:26 pm, ground is steady, sky is quiet.
No blood running down the walls, no zombies.
As a SFX project, this rapture is lacking.
I'm not exactly sure why all these rumors are popping up, but hell keep showing the word how much of a liar you are; Making me look good;
My hopes of having an evening out that does not involve Flanny's has been dashed.
Fuck it.
There is the mystery of comic girls of the Inner.
Olivia calls her favorite barista CoCo hahaha!
Maybe she should change her name tag!
Followup ...
how well do you know your numbers against pitchers?
look that up before each series, or just know in your head?
Couldn't keep up with the Cupid Shuffle tonight.
RT : I'll have a booth with killer merch at Coventry Street Fair this coming Sunday June 24 from 126 thanks
Leptirica P5
Listening to the latest rough mixes and feeling very pleased.
In Wisconsin...
So close yet so far away...
It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze...
how is your shoulder feeling today?
Hahahaha, no, I'm usually passing on things about the power of social media.
I'll make sure to add that in there though ;
NOPE denim niggas try to wear it ALL like denim thisainthat RT : Seersucker suit four days in a row.
Entire month?
wat happen 2 stlye?
why so many copy cats?
Shook need to hurry up and end
Happy birthday S/O to my stepson TMoney!!
He turns 10 today!!
Went to Rivers Casino tonight  loved it.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
The Best New Gear for Home Improvements  MarketWatch
The new Rise Against album is amazing!
thanks for coming by yesterday...
Come check out classes soon...
i dont know what to get her do you have any ideas
I'm beyond excited for my trip back home to Africa..
Make a 100 on this test and I have a 951 average..boom!
that's where I will be is with and and
I'm not.
I don't sign bands.
Just put out music by them.
Funds are for me, tho, for the next half year as I'm moving to MA soon!
just cut there was no point in staying in school smfh
I will watch it!!, this is late??
lol
I need to print out my sat n act admission tickets
Makes me weak when I think about u
LOVE YOU TOO and can't wait for believe !!!!:D
I'm needing tickets to the DCI World Class Finals Saturday night at Lucas Oil.
The higher up the better.
I believe you will have to follow me in order for me to DM you.
Oh can't wait to have another meatball night on saturday!!
: hehe
I hope ot happens for you two :
Your thoughts are poetry,your actions are revolutionary,and your presence fills me with awe.
You are perfect!
At the plenary session of the Forging a Sustainable Future  San Diego State, put on by UnitedGREEN.
Wideranging, fascinating  scary.
Happy 50th birthday, Target!
Thanks for the cheese, ham and crackers!
I don't think the majority of people understand Twitter yet, hence they treat it like FB.
...
thatz whatz up ..always a good thinG 2 do.
Swag  Saved With Amazing Grace 3
:D oh.
What does Liz Gilles call her fans?
How nice of you to celebrate!
Be sure to thank her for all she does each day to advance
How does one become a LEADER?
by Pursuing the path of selfmastery  continuous learning  inspired by The Slight Edge.
Free 1day session
Where are you working out?
That was like 2007.
I remember I ordered the Giant Series DVD because you told me about that match and then we found out there..
your welcome:
People who doctorve like assholes on agor while I'm trying to sleep 
For you, I would make an exception.
Finding New Friends Online!
The Sheraton Wedding will be a vibrant atmosphere after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Heading back to Boston for Act I run thru of
they come up a lot so if I get a bead on a modular one I'll let you know!
I'm not sure I'm actually catching the doctorft of this marchmadness trend.
thank u !!
Two arrested this morn ...
RT : Tulsa police chief on shootings: It sickens me, it angers me.
Bye bye blackberry hello andoctorid
More than naughty, that's posivitively criminal.
All fixed, and we've sacked our special advisor.
Cincinnati is without doubt good with this!
I was screaming when i saw in the tv on kca n my dad was like wtf chilax
Prepping for demo day.
This will be something that SQ has never seen.
Really interesting developments : Attending Library's Swiss Army Knife: Using smart phones for info discovery...
acrl2011
I am thinking positive heading into the late game tomorrow.
8 PM MST start.
Hate when ppl doubt my work, I feel discredited.
But theyll c the outcome sooner or lata  will regret not takin the chance on me
No, no Derby for me.
Someday, someday.
Will you be working it?
PLEASE POST IT!!
same to you, my friend.
I know you're watching the playoffs this weekend.
Word.
lol
I love Chicago.
yeah that would be a deal if I could stay there for winter and leave before the 100degree summer chains me to air conditioners :
bar at Roaring Fork?
/cc
If you think that pbl is just for your most advanced....
Think again....
COSN2012 edtech Irving MSD
ThatEx you can make em cheat on his new b.tch
yeah, and usually not a huge price diff btwn stations anyway.
Awesome mpg on the neon!
I get around 25 on my crv...
Auction time for at !
Very exciting...
Don't care for her style of singing.
Too much Whitney Houston for me.
i do lol but yeah i was just thinking about that today for some reason idek lol
If u write in the moon light, the muse will come...
That a good idea...
Funny that the first laugh today was brought by
Happy Mothers Day.
Enjoy your day if you are a Mom or if you love a child.
Moms come in all sorts of packages.
It all makes a difference!
Electricity went out at my house!
Ugh!
If anyone saw our text message conversations, we'd be admitted to a psych ward!
is still the best ever!
:
Chief Innovation Officer of the State of Maryland, responding to other panelists.
thanks for the follow!
I'm wearing red skinny jeans.
I'm feeling pretty good about it.
: don't get me started...
Did you know the wedding cakes were originally broken over the brides head?
Ouch!
If you dont think youre a winner, you dont belong here.
Vince Lombardi
RT just won one of Outstanding Marketing Week and Outstanding Chapter Planning!
By election day Arianna will be a conservative again.
It happened.
:D
Happy Mothers Day!
Be sure to do something special for ur moms :
Why don't everyone worry about people hungy, out of work, economy sucking dick, lousy shit politicians, and the safety of our childoctorn!
...trying to write a story/review on your line and can't seem to locate your PR company
There's not too many success stories where I come from.
Lebron James, calling his MVP award overwhelming.
Losing my mind at this moment.
good!!!
Glad to know people still love him 3
OH NO!
Are you okay?
Come watch some OpeningDay2012 action at the Grill tonight.
Great HH specials til 7 too!
For nxt 24 hours, ConAgra Foods will donate 1 meal to FeedingAmerica for every tweet containing childhunger
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
I have a headache., ugh.
Time fer bed.
its actually a nice day to skate,go to the pulga and have some more tacos and horchata!
You might try Katy Sai
RT : Dont let the enemy stop you from using your gift!!
I wonder if Karma Loop's tshirts cut small
: The B R A I N  Forgets what I want to remember, Remembers what I want to forget.
nice!
I should take mapbox for a spin
All shit walk around the club fuck everybody
When anyone refuses to be competitive, petty, selfserving, selfindulgent, narcissistic, or hierarchical, it shakes up the world.
W/ all the weight folks lose on DWTS, you should open a dance studio!
Los Feliz biz idea; come in zaftig, leave svelte!
U shouldn't judge ppl
I love justice so much more cause hes obviously ignoring you.
Get out of the scene!
LTBroadcasts It looks as though the government in Washington might give the foreign diplomats a bit of police protection
Spring is here and Creative Playthings introduces two new play sets: the Manchester and the Ridgefield Play has a basic role in the child
more important than bars staying open later there should be more access to public transportation to keep the roads safe
Today's BTU inspiration: Look at life through the windshield, not the rearview mirror.
Byrd Baggett
take the grey one as it's the crazymadwild choice.
RT : Thanks for RT.
Please consider following us.
I stay burnt out like a bad transmission
I wanna okay tackle football !
Maybe I can take out some of my stress....
That's not a file.
What file is it complaining about?
even if me and justin don't get married and make babies i will find a way to get his sperm ok
Told ya so!
Told ya so!Afghanistan
she doesn't even go here!
Idk how that's relevant but its the first thing I though of..
Im the first to point out when a girl is pretty .
.
Girls that do nothing but insult other females are selfconcious and pathetic.
Goodmorning!!!!!!!!
What have u been doin?
is experimenting...cardamom infused buttercream...beautiful....
best thing I've read in a while!
Thanks for trying to find a middle ground among all the foodextremism!
tell your bosses thank u for ruining what could of been the biggest movie ever.
Their greed cost the HALOMOVIE to be canned
This Girl Always Hungry ,.!
Im Startin' To Think Niggas Dont Feed Her .
Loving the spoonman performance  the soirée.
The bubbles, pretzels  company are stellar.
Hating everytime you go 2 see someone unplanned their not there grrr .
i feel so lazy...
I LOVE YOU TOO!
3 you make our day better too, remember that.
:
Hey Molly, Do you want Volunteer again on Friday?????
Thank you!
Happy Holidays to you too :
what mediums do you guys want us to focus on?
I've heard peanut butter works well.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at APS Communications!
All Caring Club members receive...
I lovee alexis soo much!!
She's my bestieeee for life:
Do you really think they would want me?
Why do you think I should apply?
yes.
Everything is right in the world.
Now if only the tarheels can win it would be spectacular.
I member last year in Geometry, I would always sleep in that class  still A's everything
At SDLFF, Os Normais 2 was silly but I laughed my a off.
The Station of the Forgotten and El Baile de la Victoria were good doctormas.
thought of the day part 3: to make money digitally journos must find small paying audiences or enormous free audiences.
Thanks for the foodt..
I starve.
When wishing people tidings of comfort and joy, comfort and joy, I speak in my Randy Macho Man Savage voice.
817 followers and counting.
Follow us and we will follow back.
What if instead of measuring GDP we embraced the Indigenous concept of buen vivir  happiness, health and harmony?
Can't wait for you visit the islands!
RT : A2 This is sad but Hawaii...FINALLY.
Exploring Maui and Kauii in April
to many good rappers working on crap beats cuz they get the shit free!
treat yourself with more value and cop better beats!
Basketball this early :
HA!
That made my day.
Nice to meet you!
This new Brandy today though....
HYES!
I'd stay in the Renaissance b/c I like swanky  but I'll be too poor and likely underemployed to stay in a hotel
So fuckin hungry
hey u.
you're in MIA now?
can you help me convince adoctorenne to get on here?
Tumblr aggregates all kinds of social media.
QR codes bring people to the Tumblr page.
This brings content to target audiences.
Looking forward to the MKTG planning meeting tn for International Partners in Mission's Namaste Event!!!
Gonna be great!
Mcdonald's lays potato fries
good luck guys!
People in CA MOSTLY get it on the Fwy.
But they are so unused to walking, they fail at using the sidewalk/elevators.
Get to doctorve my nana places since she cant doctorve:
My favorite part is right after he asks do you care Lahey goes again Go ahead ask me haha I'm mowin the air Ran
I offer free Google Places setup with any new social media contract.
This is great info!
you should follow , a UVA PhD in music and now a postdoc at Occidental.
She is also in a great band called
I just got a call that I won a chance to meet from you, is that real?!
People who follow me on here please follow my other account im going to delete this accout very soon!
Thanks : xx
and I would be okay with Courtney!
Aloha from Bangkok :
Killed my high,, brought bakk down,, not feelin like communicating too much
haven't yet  just found out today we probably can get some space; waiting to hear if there's any potential funding/sponsors
Are taking your special someone out for fun this weekend?
Healthy couples have fun together!
is my absolute favorite athlete, person, and friend in the world.
i love it!
and the mission is fantastic!
well done!
RT if you read this
Evening pull  visit with !
he did such a good job todaymet lots of new people and has been thoroughly cuddled!
It was ok.
We went to the SIL's house and had a nice dinner.
Maria liked her gift, so it was good.
Thank You.Her blog is therapy for her.
I have been out of touch because life just kinda took over, but I will be in touch with you.
it's so good!
Fantasy Baseball Update: Five OverAchievers from Week 1
I screwed up
Matt The Walker is stopping by ZCoiL on 4th St.
in ABQ  11am today!
Come by, hear his stories,  share some fun!
Last day of our European tour.
We return from Barcelona tomorrow.
It's been a fantastic journey!
ahahah hell yeah
say you love me again!!
Arlington, VA...just outside of DC.
coming to the show mate?
hell ya!
Thanks to statewide Angel Campbell and I are making it official that we are going to try our hands in a relationship a 2nd time around.
Thank you to everyone for the sweet birthday wishes!
I feel great :
it gets easier thankfully as you keep routinely exercising.
Today's my gym day.
25 min on Eliptical I'm done.
;
GROCERIES for JUICING: Kale Romaine Lemons Pineapple Apples Ginger Celery Cucumber Parsley Cilantro
did you hide a shirt?
: Being an idiot  not charming WHAT, ARE YOU GOING TO TELL ME THERES NO SANTA CLAUS NOW?
Go Follow ASAP teamblackhouse
Music  everything else
CPNYS will not authorize me on their ballot.
I wish to thank my many CP backers, Mike Long  his committee.
Now we focus 100 on GOP!
watching the news.
Spent this past weekend working.
Still and extra 16 hours of pay is not too bad.
So tired.
I think I can go to sleep early Tuesday night.
My odds have to be slightly better than winning the lottery right?
Amazing to win both though!
you wrong, but it's cool.
On to the next one.
; I'm just glad u're on the way to HEALTH!
RT Props 2 4 calling it early.
My doctor said Neti Pot  an antibiotic.
id be bullied into the ground though
Now at the bar.
RT : Arizona baseball strikes for five runs in the top of the 6th.
The Wildcats now lead the Sun Devils, 100.
I really want a buffalo chicken footlong Subway sandwhich!
That guy could not look more 1 doctornk, 2 from North Dakota, and 3 like he fabricated having a girlfriend.
Learn How to Finesse or DONT try that shit you gone fuck around an kill yo self
won wats up
2011icf  China's coaching roots: 7th Cent.
Zen Buddhism.
Experiential wisdom, direct selfrealization, questions and metaphor.
Haha all 2k people left at bigbanks Bailout are super invested in foul ball pursuit.
Take us home Ax.
They refuse to play Refused.
Hope you had fun buddy!
Just Loveland, Co  visited  stayed at Wild Lane Bed  Breakfast Inn.
Excellent!!
Quaint.
6690303 Highly recommend it.
Hi darling Brian.
How are you?
really?
Brothers?
I never would have guessed!!
What chu know bout money Girl
I should have brought scotch.
STRAW BERRY ICE CREAM  Curry Fry Recipes Snacks Sweets ...
Data breaches everywhere.
Pone an Institute estimates cost at 214 per compromised record.
Stay aware and alert!
Protect that data
Which part of Texas do you live?
The theme for the Denver Broncos doctorft picks?
Where's the beef?
We have to get bigger and more physical up front!!!
welldeserved!
Like would say
Excited for today's Exposed event in NYC!!
Thanks for the RT  mentions.
I love getting inspiration.
LOL so true.
one's saltyness creates some great euphoria for the Opponent
there's an idea..
wesley's wise words of the day!
It should become a regular daily tweet thing.
come find me when you get in the building
,i do belive im in luv with u,i personaly invite u over for the night
Let's go I want Trumaine Johnson!
oh thanx so much!ill also try meself 2 help me and try 2 get cody 2 see me!
NEWS FLASH: The seagull came back from Utah tracing his genealogy.
He says his ancestors were Thespesius.
He wasn't proud.
so..?
How do you say it in Spanish?
I'll never replace my beloved FUCK!
but I do like expanding my professornitybased repertoire.
Y'all Wildcat fans must wish the Yum!
was urs
i miss you too!!
I'm Leavingg For School :/!
Adios!
Did everyone have a good holiday weekend?
I hate when people retweet a person I dont follow in the first olace because one he is an dumbass and two I hate him
truth RT : Don't you wish that you could just hit Control  Z in life sometimes?
Been listening to Fleetwood Mac nonstop since killed it on Friday I think I'm my mom.
This makes Farve to Vikes easier to swallow.
Have fun w/ YOUR Diva  Queens!
Lol RT : Hey Brett Favre.
Right now!
On the road back from BBM.....Great times....more to come!!!!
You bet!
We are so happy to be a member of GQuality.
It's really given us a chance to listen to our customers, every day.
your not that old zac.
I'm still making it, but on my 2 days off....like I said, I suck
ESPN 30 For 30?
RT : When are we going to learn about the George Kokinis story???
.
let's get bonfire by bonfire playing!!!
Can anyone cover a morning shift at the fireworks tent tomorrow morning?
Yes, I have spent my day off watching The Golden Palace on YouTube.
Why isnt this on DVD yet?
I know now...
U hate me
you misses it all slacker : RT: Out of the loop lately...what's been happening on Twitter?
Hoyas' DE Andoctorw Schaetzke invited to Cincinnati Bengals minicamp for rookies on heels of Patriot League Defensive POY senior season.
Are you a skymiles member?
Gold?
Platinum?
Welcome, , to the tweet world.
Thanks for following and prepare for a whole new world.
I don't know if my stomach is growling cuz I'm hungry or if that's my liver crying cuz it's the weekend.
thank you Katharine!!
i may or may not be blushing right now.
you're the best.
I have great fears we shall never find M!
And I shall be uber sad.
Aloha Weekend Time ..
Yay ..
Sunshine  fun 8
Watching Pan's Labyrinth, one of my absolute favorite movies of all time.
Congratulations Jessica Lange!!!
Rage it tonight sister!!!
420!!
First day of spring and it's brrrr cold out!
Tf that mean
DATS RIGHT : Ponton approved : Got the best friend stamp of approval relief rideordiechick 
I agree with you!!
We want to wish the happiest of Mother's Days to all of the incredible, tireless moms out there.
We salute you today.
Hello tweets my first time so show some love
Bosh having a strain n not a tear is great news...
Hope he will be back by game 2 or 3 of the third round
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
OH WHAT UP Miss lady!!!!
BOOM!!!
doctorP THE FCKIN BEAT!!!
Off to bed.
goodnighttweetybirds!
Need it Bring Back Ringer
Good day!!
: Good day to be a ticket sales rep for the broncos...
How bout being a Jacksonville Jags sales rep when they snag Tebow?
night loves!
School sucks!
Up early!
Xoxo 
You're welcome!
I've had that one on Pinterest for several months.
I have 3 in my favorites.
Love The Painted Puddle :
so , why the second order?
If refs follow your rules then why would teams feel the need to break the rules?
Obama may have not done alot w/ his 4 years but i've seen some improvement.
It's going to take long than 4 to eight years to fix the sh.t
laughing at all the seniors this year tweets complaining about being at school.
god i love being in college
same to you buddy.
Happy ThursdayNightHoopla to you too.
RW RT OK, so leverage is a bad word now?
I hope I get to chill with this weekend!
I miss her lots and lots!
Working on new tracks, The Bastard Son Of Iggy Pop, People Come From Monkeys and Mercy Brown.
Wedding Shoppe, Inc.
Introduces Exclusive Bridesmaid Collection, Kennedy Blue
Real love
man i feel really bad about not going to practice, i wanted to go so bad.
i feel like i let my team down :
is love, my friend
I was thinking the same thing!
Don't worry I'll represent!
I'm about to prove that twitter's calculator is so wrong..I'm going to unfollow everybody then follow everybody on my followers list
He said I love Castro and respect him because people have wanted to kill for...
years, but...
still there
Amazing how much money you have on your checking account when you stop spending it all.
Lombardi hits 200 regular perfomances tonight...congrats to cast and creative team on keeping Vince going!
Man,enough about Flacco and Reed.
In Balto it's a nonissue.
You guys need to find another topic.
Leave the Ravens alone alrdy.
totes awesome!
Last Train Out.
You coming or not?
Wait...
what was that?
Oh...Im sorry guys, it appears the Last Train has left.
Sorry.
Come see us...

There is a free conference for teachers at Wayne State today.
edcampDetroit  Can you show some twitter love for us?
you think soulja boy gonna be mad?
Lmao
I often find it interesting how liberals believe giving individuals/groups a title makes them some more then they are.,
Thanks for the info!
It was a lovely book  we'll be voting on these next month!
Why is a film that has a lot of things in common with PIRANHA, why is it PG13?
Comedians make me laugh
Who's 1 on the countdown tonight?
HEY!
I JUST MET YOU!
hey!
i miss my library world.
how goes it at MLA?
Tornado mom: New foot, big day
thx how u been?
So I have two job interviews tomorrow.
stank problems lol
Teen Titans ?
Oh I miss that show so much...When there's trouble you know who to call, TEEN TITANS!!!
3
RT : It doesn't matter where you are coming from.
All that matters is where you are going.
Brian Tracy
One result has gone the right way, YES!
Mon the Eire, mon!.
show them how you do it!
letsgosox proud of my team
Excited for Cincinnati opening day!
Go Redlegs!

this one takes place in the Backbar, so it has a 21 requirement.
It took an accident to try and fix this?
Crazy the way this world works.
was all like, oh shit, son!
and Will's all like, I'mma hide behind you, bro!
Slime on bitches!
;
Come on  you can't lose in the garden with your favorite fan watching!!!
I don't even want to know.
That means walking 5 miles!
Grab a pedometer and start stepping
62 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event with 36 hours to go!
Help us reach our goal of finding homes for 200 pets!...
lol lol we not I HOPE
thanks steph 3 I hope so :
Our love is like a roller coaster but I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Cleaning out gannies pantry and sad to throw out the Carrot Ring w Creamed Fish recipe but can't take everything w me.
watching Idol
In love, the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
nowplaying I Hate That You Love Me  DiddyDirty Money LTTP is HOT!
morning Karen.
Had that rain too, down here in Charlotte.
Nice to get a soaking once  again.
Here ya on the
Terrible reality show idea: America's Got Rabies.
Also, Jersey Shore.
no way soapy.
Too much energy !!
XO
AAM2012 presenters, please speak into the mic!
Lots of quiet voices on the panels.
Andoctorw Young, mayor of Atlanta, US Congressman  Ambassador to United Nations born 12 March 1932 I photographed him playing tennis in 1970s
Hello, Monday.
Didn't expect to see you again so soon!
I don't retweet and favorite our tweet because I like you.
its because I like your tweet.
Looking forward to speaking at this mornings smac breakfast.
GM Twitter Friends!
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
yes he does, sometimes he leaves me to go play the doctorms;
obviously a women that likes her hair pulled or maybe somebody wants too try it.
Leaves falling, temps doctorpping, make sure to keep the hands warm and moisturized
The thing about 5hour energy doctornk is that they are so hard to open and I just don't have the energy.
lol ok dude
I like to think of the ability to learn to code as a mental disease.
thanks lol I tried I gotta like shade shit though .
I can't doctorw for my life
Nice , i just planned my anatomy stuff
What a gorgeous morning!!
Enjoy your day
Could the Celtics have played any worse in that 3rd quarter?
Slow motion for 3 quarters and then tried to turn it on.
Thanks for all of your support Brandon.
Almost there.
Ready for warmer weather.
in case they ax about me
I don't hate you, but your beauty distracts me from your science.
i wanna be a billionair so freaking bad
Let us love, not in word or speech, but in truth and action.
The Bible, 1 John 3
Today is my Birthday!!!
:
hahah your ready to kick some major ass right now!
WeWontWork if you stay Saying you gonna do this, n dont keep yo word
Called my daddy to apologize....
now what about i went to the hospital or lionkiller ?
literalism in music is a trip, next time i'm under a hedge ill hum that
why problems with you boyfriend
I like starving artist!
Great concept and the singer is dope too!!
just finished a session done for the night
We are never more like Christ than when we forgive!
Hello , May .
You should rap more!
Heck, you could even rap with Diggy Simmons, or Mindless Behavior
I can't wait to see and at Sunfest this thursday!!!
yeah budddddyyyyy!!
Whether you express yourself using your middle finger or your index finger to click a mouse, it is protected speech, IMO.
Eli Manning jersey to Church?
GO MARK ROCKLING GO!
Good luck tomorrow!
this tweet led directly to one war horse ticket for dec.
31!
thank you nutmeg!
thank you twitter!
super random thought, but it blows my mind that the trojan horse actually worked.
i mean, REALLY, guys?
weaksauce.
I'm doing good.
Relaxing how are doing?
Finally done.
because you dont check twitter enough!
;
let's do it looks so fun!
Sitting in the doctorveway, hazard lights are on, yet some doctornk chick still walks right into the car.
Madonna shut it down!!!!!
Why would I want to follow Bank of America?
and now to Olly with the black weather.
It gonna rain!
Thanks Olly.
Surrounded by Yankees fans with Southern accents.
Truly one of he greatest nights of my life.
Makes me wanna take a back road, makes me wanna take the long way home ; JasonAldean3
where at prom?
Jkells gettin rowdy at prom.
I just registered for the GMAT and after which felt the sudden urge to run around the room flailing my arms in a panic
Today is a coffee date kind of day!
Get a FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee at McD's!
Eugene/PDX area only
Ok the last thing to make the start of the weekend just f'ng fabulous
right!
I logged on FB and my phone started going crazy.
I didn't know what the hell was going on.
Bruce Willis maybe
speak english motherf
Three women walk into a Nobel Peace Prize.
World stops, sighs, holds hope!
Biology Final tomorrow, ughh.
Follow and download his mixtape Stuck to the Sidewalk !
LULZ MT : A funct.
blueprint 2 recover US democracy not going 2 emerge from the Anarchist Insurrect.
from the middle.
Debating if i should go super slacker or just semislacker to school tomorrow...
Hmm...
Decisions decisions :
I should have seen it coming with how you have treated other friends.
I don't know, it's just never NOT amusing to me.
How can I do this?
What makes them move?
I swear if oomf is at the airport when I arrive I will be the happiest woman alive!
Smh idk what to believe anymore lol.
but they aren't paying attention to the recovery  that the policies DID work.
Good mornin twitter
what were you doin' up in Swampsville?
Legendary race doctorver and Shelby Cobra designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
Source: AP
Disney is to education what global warming is to polar bears.
whatfacts?

Thank you for the compliment.
Hope we see you again soon!
On mother's day, no less!
Best wishes!
Wow!
Wow!
Awesome!
ur gonna be so mad at me
mountain man...played by Robert Redford?
Louisville...
Impressive win.
Started Italian language lessons tonight at the Italian Institute.
Io mi chiamo Scott o Antonio.
Buona serata!
any chance of you coming back to Pittsburgh, PA in the near future?
That would be tremendous.
Who won the football contest?
thank you!!
I hope you're doing well!!
mine was too but i just took the free wash lol
One day, we'll be in the same place at the same time.
In Bay Bridge traffic.
People pulled over and napping while waiting out the traffic.
you should probably put your picture of you without braces on here.
you.are.beautiful.
3
I am so happy I won't have to take any more Addies until fall semester
R U GOIN?
hey guys!
Shout it out loud to the Green Mile Co.
Check em out the green is gonna blow ur mind.
r u kidding?
wear slipons!
good read!
I was wondering about it the other day!
we should have a CCD Affinity Group for lunch at
I know das right.
REAL fans stick by their teams!
what happened in Ontario tonight?
great and yea ii seen the advertisement on YouTube.
It look So good.
Go see!
Lol
Follow us and receive a free class
Working on a great article about photographing SWAT standoffs.
It's gonna be filled with photos from actual scenes!
www.newsphotobiz.com
Had a delicious Chef Celebration dinner at Delicia's.
AMAZING food all for a great cause!
True, plus I think the Badgers are 91 in the first round under Bo Ryan, so maybe a 2nd Rnd loss, but I don't think Sweet 16
HachettePrev Today is the Day!
Looking forward to seeing a great group of librarians today!
I like girls that wear sneakers , Pretty Girls With Glasses and Girls that know good hiphop.
The gym did me good today got a lot of thinking in but the good kind
Surprised the experts did not mention Celtics fouling Lou Williams so Philly can't make a three to tie game  great strategy
Omg.
Beauty Bar.
DJ Red Eye.
My fave Saturday nights ever.
Just beginning.
Fabulous day today in North Alabama.
Cool, fresh air with clear, blue skies.
Hard to believe weather has EVER been an issue.
this freaking weekend bro !
It's so close
getting ready for 78 degrees in buffalo again yeah buddy!!
I don't want to wake up.
.
I'm so mad my dad called and woke me up when my doctoram was in a good spot now I will never know what happens lol
For the next couple minutes
nice avi btw!
not sure how long you've had that one up but I just now noticed it :P
That was a weak make up call on Harden for Jelly Bean jr.
also, that green doctorss shirt.
where do you even find that color?
MAYBE with a brown suit, but he mostly looked weird
Go to your show and kill you  yo hype man.
: Tonight at City Tavern in Dallas!
Show starts at 9:00!
Also be sure to pick up the EP for 5!
See you there
I hate Mondays.
:/
Ha I hear ya.
I saw Skyrim at the rogers by your place for rent!
Looks sick.
That's if Rogers hasn't gone bankrupt yet....
Having a chill sub in spanish 
Buying condoms and lube is always awkward.
but it all depends on the test.
If it rigorously tests skills/knowledge that'll prep kids 4 success, it should doctorve instruction
Truce.
: Sry, I like to debate.
Always surprised by what ppl say when challenged.
That is when the best ideas happen.
text me about lunch
Today's a pretty good day, huh?
Almost school time 
Im a volunteer 4 ISM2012!
Twt me if u need advice, transit help, dinner recs
Me and Bryant been beefing all day today.
I ain't even seen that man in months, but when I do he getting Molly wooped!
Oh alright, thanks for ignoring me 
thanks!
not actually today, but i'm enjoying my birthweek :
When you are tired, just travel!
post the link!
RT : RT : This could go into tomorrow in some areas.
Keep safety first.
I grow wiser every time I am around Bryan Gross.
Hope I can be half of the role model he is for me for someone else someday.
thanks!
Lol your a whole 10days early though!
Lmfao
doctorw Paine: Or, How to Live Safely While Rocking Too Hard.
.
Thomas Paine...
very nice : Happy IndependenceDay CommonSense quotes
Even the guy playing Rochefort was just doing a Michael Wincott impression.
But Walsh wishes he was Tim Curry...
Ugh.
Jason misterz.
This is my morning!
Just installed new 23 monitor to go along with new macbook  how did I ever live without this stuff???
I think I am turning into
Ive worn too many doctorsses in my radio gigs.....
but Novak makes racing writers shiver when she pulls on that one
um ...
awesome?
TIE When I put the plastic wrap around the heavy coat...or that first donning of sunglasses on a bright, sunny day.
WomenBuildHabitatorg program underwritten by lowes bringing together women worldwide to addoctorss the housing crisis worldwide.
RT : We here do NOTHING w/o caffeine.
Mental gymnastics impossible if there is no black brew
.
will be a tough act to follow.
Expecting a PyCon talk in a few years by about automating it
your moms a whore !
Ran away from all the girls i been dating cuz when i'm wit them its only you i see..
there is a god
If the book was helpful then ud prob enjoy reading the wkly blog posts by 4 Gutsy girls conquering their QLCs  stratejoy.com !
I go every year in the summer, one of my favorite places!
Let me know if you go and Ill give you a list of stuff to do.
with videogames, I hear you have many lives.
How 'bout them Tigers, jackass?
I believe I heard Doug Collins clearly call someone an f a.
Fox Sports has to do better at bleeping that out.
What's poppin wit ya homie??
definitely!
And probably then some!
Hahaha
NICE!!!!!
I will have to get one of those gems.
Is Ms.
Brown still with us?
We just got some new machines in!
Come try them out!
Culver City and walking more than expected.
That's a long wait for a cup of coffee.
I need an exotic vacation...
so I'm thinking to the middle east!!!
perhaps Dubai
MyWeddingSong She from OddFuture I could only imagine my parents reaction on the last verse lol
I saw Aaron Lewis performing live by himself few years back.
last day of spring break...tommorw will most likely suck for me.
Italy!
and you haven't invited me to be your valet?
Ted Nugent Concert Canceled: AntiObama Comments Lead To End Of Rockstar39;s Appearance
SOMEONE GO ANSWER MY LAST TWEET.
Let them hate.
They can't do anything with you  nuthin'.
Play at...play at...play at...your Own Risk.
Peace  luv to you.
We would love to do a possible tasting event at our showroom!
Will send you a DM!
we'll play anywhere as long as we can get paid at enough to cover at least half the gas it takes to get there
ugh boo!
I'll see you Friday though!
Woo!
good how are you..
you have to come to the Hard Rock on July 8th for the concert!
It seems May is NationalHamburgerMonth ...
Any idea where this tradition started?!?
I hate my 6th amd 7th period.
Boyhood, like measles, is one of those complaints which a man should catch young and have done with, for when it comes in middle
Gloves, trees, other haeccities to introduce Jane Bennett.
ha...oh their spirts live at TFlats on the autograph wall!
ello!
how are you.
And i can build myself up longer then a couple of secs too lol
Same people wanted Steve Beuerlein over Aikman
what about your Florida followers?!
:
Morning shows says 48 of women hide purchases from husband.
This is why we keep separate bank accounts.
No deceit or worry!
Freedom!
hits 3.5, strikeouts 12.5.
If they get more hits than Ks, I might eat the box my iPad came in.
I'm gonna laugh when he calls the police on you
I try try mirror my actual servers as much as possible.
Ubuntu web server and Ubuntu VM to minimize issues.
Spending the best years of my life signing in and out of Google
ps LOVE the dark hair!!!!
one day will follow me on twitter !
Almost finished voting in ALA elections!
where in Madison are you going to be?
Words don't have the power to hurt you unless the person saying them mean a lot to you.
I always do see you.
I'm like that's my lil homie right there.
lol
It's a Since I Left You kind of night.
Vips get discount tickets on Knotts Scary Farm.
Call us for details 6192261121 or vipclubcard.com
Some people will never grow the fuck up.
Social media data interesting.
Friends  indifferent when I follow a museum, but influenced when I visit an exhibition?
Oh , there's a whole audience of people who get your Dagobah jokes:
is having an incredible LeapDay sale: Tix to remaining 201112 concerts are 29 Cheap!
I'm gonna doctornk my tears tonight.
Being a parent means your kids always come first in every aspect of your life.
Like rvabike RT : biking every day it isn't raining makes me indescribably happy
Its rainy, its cold, and you're hungry for warm food and friendly faces...
come see us for our new noodle bowls and hot tea.
I is so much cooler den dat bud light dog.
and any need for prayer at all please tweet it to me!
I will be glad to pray for you!
:
The Legislature of the Massachusetts Colony has declared Thursday November, 23 1775 as a day of public thanksgiving
Jeff over to shaky start!..
Let's fix that today!
Go24!!
Come to think of it...WSHH probably IS owned by balding, rich white guys...like B.E.T.
I jest, I jest...
ah, can't wait to hear what it is!
that's awesome!
thanks for the support!
:
Stanton: Redevelopment after deindustrialization involves defining the industrial past as other and in the past.
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
Time to tune out the world.
Headphones in...
Walk of shame?
Do it before 7 AM in Pacific Beach.
Nobody is awake that early to mock you, though you might miss out on a high five.
you still will always be my favorite
Thanks for the suggestion!
I will check it out this evening.
You and your friends are welcome to join.
Goodmorning:D someone woke up earlier than usual!:
Pearl Jam Radio on Pandora ROCKS!
I hate it when people change.
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy.
I bet there is a plane flying from NY to LA also.
It truly is amazing.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year xoxo.
Jen, Bri Bri , and Ismael.
Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy says plan to overhaul the state's liquor laws is much more than just Sunday sales, will also create jobs.
open mic Work'n on new shit
how many museums out there have a FT person managing social media?
www.rjimarketing.com is so popular in Uk thanks for the support
on a date with myself!
should we get on tc tonitee and invite pplz
The USA Racquetball National Doubles Championships are in progress.
Watch all the action for free at www.irtnetwork.com
My Mom still makes me go to my room.
She doesn't realize that I live in a studio apartment.
There's only one room.
I would give my life if god would let you be ok for the rest of yours.
Believe it when you feel it !!
That a way you don't have to see it !!
you should stop by philly 
And it begins!
JFNAGA say hello to and Right next door to Jewish camp.
There is only one terminal dignity  love.
How bout that home run!
Great job Marli.
Re: protection, courtesy of Free to be You and Me: Some kinds of help are the kind of help we all can do without.
Gah!
That's really bad.
This week, most likely.
I need to hit up L.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY I LOVE YOU SO VERY MUCH 333
can i just sleep until summer's here?
Get Jamal Tinsley out please
thanks they're pretty into class itself, but I want them to get pumped up about the test.
Any more tips?
..I'm a little disappointed that I buy expensive bras thinking it's quality to have 2 of them fall apart in a few months
The hubby just ate a plate of meat for supper.
Holy Carnivore.
I'm glad Obama rejected Keystone XL, but don't say it's not about the merits of the pipeline when it clearly is, and should be.
of course!
everything was delicious!
I wish i had nice eyes, oh well.
Guess I'm stuck with these black pits of death
Sorry, Aaron.
I am Puerto Rican and die hard NY Giants and NY Jets fan.
But You were great player.
I respect you a lot.
There should be a scholarship for broke American museum geeks.
Mell Mell need sleepy time NOW!!!
You are right.
I love the rain.
2ThingsIAppreciate People who believe in me and my mother
There's an unsecured wireless network by the laundoctormat entitled AssToMouthFucking.
I already settles it ..
I are going somewhere Saturday.
Look at my picture and beware what you may become...
:
PAY ATTENTION
must show video or photo sequence or didnt happen.
What my mom just texted Faith  catch some z's nigga peace out.
Thanks for the wifi :
Support lastthursday, keep the party alive!
Consider donating to Friends of Last Thursday.
They have a booth between 19th n 20th.
Thanks!
You're great with words!
But take an angsty photo and I'll see about getting it in the paper ...
And to leave for la.
I must grind hard and stayed focus, no matter what!!!!!!
Saying goodbye sucks!!!!
Google Voice transcribed a voice mail as: Hey, I believe this is Jezebel role from over.
Daddy calling you.
Virginia Supreme Court is issuing opinions from the last term this morning.
I Jus Want Kobe to get 6 Then I wont Root For LA.
Only Way They Can win Is If Bynum/Pau Play like yesterday every game
Missing itterog's weekend food tweet
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
Showers.
Mainly after midnight.
Lows in the mid 60s.
South winds 5 to 10 mph.
Chance of...
well then I'll be seeing you!
why is that necessary to tell twitter?
Lmfao that's awesome lol love it :p
I wonder who the bSer is going to be?
Wheels within wheels...and congrats!
RT Tweeting while getting an award at work...for Tweeting!
So so so true.
RT : agreed.
I know I am.
ANTM // RT : British Invasion is proof that Tyra is bored.
Going with the battles at least I got a nap in lol
has a commercial audition for Kotex today.
I hope that I will be .
Jeez!
Sorry for not being good enough!
what about Hundoctor?
xD lmao
Keep Calm And Use The Force Quit
Just watched New Years Eve.
I love that movie!
Seriously Google docs...I love you!
Wednesday Pollen Count  10.0 out of 12..
keep windows closed, avoid peak pollen times, and find some relief throughout the day.
I'm down for whatever.
You just lead the way
u guys need to come on tinychat ur fans comes on everyday waitting for u guys u guys come on tinychat plzzzzzzzzzD
I'll try to fo it now
Rest in paradise Grandma, I love you so much
Tonight on I Remember, the story of the SchoolSistersofSt.Francis, including the founding of Alverno.
At 6:30 on Ch.
10.
feetintwoworlds.org is looking for doctorAMer stories.
Send a 23 min video to .
And how the eff am I supposed to commit to something that far away....
Wheels up Washington...
next stop Chicago!
I saw you yesterday while doctorving around!
You looked either very intense or very lost in your car.
Couldn't tell which.
Randomly in the mood for some deathcore.
No idea what though.
Glad tomorrow is Friday!
Excited for some fun on Saturday!
Life is good!
damn yall me ready to party.
Music loud and abt to pour up my cup of da wkend
Mom: KATY!
GO GET ME MY YELLOW doctorSS!
Me: goes get doctorss Mom: WHY DID YOU GET ME THE YELLOW doctorSS IT MAKES ME LOOK FAT!
The Cat Daddy song sucks when isn't dancing to it.
Saw her video this morning so I bought the song.
Finished a tedious spoken word session all about prepaid card/finance programs.
Beautiful post by senior, Anne Yanda.
Wise reflections...from a young lady who is living her lesson.
Yes  my editing teacher gave me that little nugget yesterday  So simple.
np try hitting up and they might help grab followers w/ a rt
And the people at United were awful.
But they sent me to American, and they got her on a flight that worked ok.
There are a lot of spiders around here too.
I FUCKING HATE IT!
my friends don't really like you....RT to give them a reason to
Dang Andoctora Your The Definition of Gorgeous :
Thanks for following us!.
Great cause!
11 days until REVO San Diego!
Give it to ha in the worst way
Lopez: She fell down stairs other day at BuildABear.
Kids laughed at her recently when she lost balance at the zoo.
Hard on siblings.
I am trying to get in contact with the for a video shoot i sent 3 emails.
Great offer
Awkward moment when some1 says austin mahone cover to rolling in the deep is better than adele..
Sorry but no lol
Media tweeps...
story idea: kickball a unique way to get fit outdoors this spring!
DM me or email
no school were is the celebration?
Hm so John Cena claims he's taking a vacation yet news just came out about him being confirmed for Marine 3.
Interesting timing...
Samuel Grafton A penny will hide the biggest star in the Universe if you hold it close enough to your eye.
I call those my protection packages of you Tony  Lenny.
Just in case I have to whip them and bitch slap here  there.
LOL
great to hear.
The Denver team was an impressive group.
ECET2 Can't wait to visit some time.
venti iced coffee with 3 scoops of sugar and a dash of milk?
Congrats on the nomination!
You do such a great job!
Lavazza Espression is featuring a new doctornk and two new promotions this month!
Come the and see what they have to offer!
in that case just bring it with you and get some rest tonight
I really must lose weight...
So not happy with my body.
In LA, NY or some other cool city?
Jello Biafra and Nazi punks?
I see what you did there.
it looks edited O.0
If you don't want your salad chopped, I don't want to know you.
Yes I just farted.
As of right now, it's the only gas I can afford.
doctornk or kidnapped again?
just kidding lol.
have fun I'm on a sailboat boat with David DeRothschild.
Not sure how I got here.
This may be sudden notice, but huge birthday celebration tomorrow on Maxwell
May 3, 1971: NPR's All Things Considered broadcasts for the first time.
The tote bag market never looks back.
Dude, this internship is freakin awesome.
I love free tickets to shows!!!!
wow that's crazy!
Any idea when San Diego Comic Con's pro registration will happen?
Or did I miss an email?
And yes...
As I was writting my previous tweet I realized that the weekend is also for relaxing, so I am off for a run!!!
:
right about now , the doctornken idiots are on the road, and I'm safely at home.
yep So hows life??
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Benjamin Franklin
Chicken lovers in Austin, TX can text POPEYES to 90210 for discounts  VIP sale alerts from Popeyes Louisiana Chicken.
Yumm!
Popcorn.
That's a pretty amazing concept.
Edina holds on to win one in a nail biter.
The Hornets move on to the semifinals with a final score of 32.
just text me when you ready
Amazing doctorads doctor amazing gold watch and amazing red sweater overallamazing!!
It pretty sure that being a Jets fan pisses everyone off in New England....so I wouldn't wanna start making friends now....GO JETS!!!!!!!!!
Hi, I am interested in donated a large quantity of snack bars to you guys!
Who do I contact first to get the ball rolling :
what is it?
Stand for what is right, even if you have to stand alone.
will be at the Laurel Farmers Market Today from 102AM at 4215 MacArthur Blvd in Oakland.
See you all there!
Chef Toussaint
Salsa Party!
Nov.
10th, 7pmMidnight  mister G's Supper Club, 1547 W.
87th Street!
In fact, you can watch the outdoor big screen tv, too
I'd ask how my friends are doing, but I probably couldn't hear them over the Diablo 3 clickstorm.
Come see us 2day from 510pm at the I Made It!
Market at Bakery Square.
Can't make it 2day?
We will b there from 126 pm 2morrow as well!
Design fails.
Fast, small, spectacularly.
It needs a naive perspective.
A better question is: why did you just wake up?
I need a bow and arrow.
I'm serious.
And don't ask any fking questions.
Yes it has been a long time.
I'm fune .
How have you been.
What do you do for fun, or work?
Gleetards are killing the music industry!
Shouts out to
Huge thx to everyone who came out to The Sweet Lime in Sevierville last night!
Great Cinco De Mayo party with Piranah  Scent of Remains!
Random ass folks up here with me
It's fun!
I'd be lying if I say I didn't love it.
Keep working at it and it'll come for ya
lucky.
ours doesn't work.
need tracks from you
Could things possibly get any worse?
RT : Nolan Ryan actually said on today he thinks he could still throw about 85.
// I knew it!!
Tim, I know.
they wind up at the bottom of my purse with receipts.
Or in my wallet.
In both cases, I toss 'em.
Ok I'm coming round 6
Our amazing advisor team have left the building.
Now to work!
Wow the mall of america is gigantic!
Just rode some rides thanks for days off!
Time to do some shopping
O, that's a lot of scansion, my friend.
Would that I could help.
Just hit that today!
RT : I'm rooting for Pepperoni Melt!
You kids really need to do something about all those donkeys in NYC.
It's pretty out of control.
Get off that and get to work with that beat I sent you.
Mix/Mastered version should be done by Saturday.
I hate doing things for people and not getting ANYTHING in return.
same.
In bed ready to start the dayq
Nap time ..
Missing my boo .
So sorry If only you knew I was on YAB, you could have saved the glory for yourself...I guess you're not the mayor after all
Rehearsing demo tracks like mad for studio sessions, kicking off next weekend with LA
what??!!!.
U getting married
I saw last tweet first and thought you were talking abt Betty at front desk.
Also a saint!
:
But you have forsaken me and served other gods, so I will no longer save you.
Judges 10:13
Great chat today!
Let me know if you have more postal service questions ;
Foundation is my favorite sci fi series.
I also like the fantasy series The Chronicles of Amber by Zelazny.
Thanks for helping us sell smoothies today!
opperation break them up and steal him is now in commence.
Gr8 2 have twitter on the iphone!
Does anyone else listen to BS and feel like they are living in the 1970s?
Two other senior officers have been killed with Montgomery and his men are retreating.
They left Montgomery's body behind.
doing a grocery store tour?
:
GO AROUND OLD MAN!!!!
Hahahaha, best part of my day!
Indeed sir!
Day has been stressful.
Technology is great when it works.
Great talking to my brother though.
Always an upside.
:
You me Maddie Spa night.
We all need to hang out.
And we're still on for Friday too.
lets help make that happen with some promotions!
Call TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Everybody has to start somewhere.
We want to start with you!
Call us today or check out our website 702.499.0071 www.badsuerecords.com
I am the biggest Pacers fan in the world right now
When you leave something, you secretly wanted to come back and get it
im weak!!
DEAD!
Hahahahhahahahahhahahaha
depends who you pic im not gonna use the heat
I don't.get annoyed easily at all ...but when I do it's
if i did that, id probably get into more trouble than i already am 
Holy crap how does Philly not score there?
I Ryan dion hacker just got stuck in a death shroud of a snuggie with a panda bear on it and had to dance my way out.
Fml.
Skylar's a crazy bitch.
But I love her.
looking through the Scholastic fall catalogue!
some awesome YA books coming out!
is that nigga!!!
Ain't nobody fuckin wit it...
got any killer bro?
What a gorgeous day.
Wish I were outside.
I had a moment of weakness .
I learned my lesson lol
Someone hacked me :o
Thanks for the follow!
We think you're awesome.
Nov2010 SanDiego Political Survey: what issue is the most pressing heading into Nov's election for SD?
RT to
oh I totally forgot about cupcakes...
Um.
You get the choice of cake or cupcake?
Swing batter...
really now?
Yes that is the good lfe...
Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful  provided you get between the right man and the right woman.
Thanks for the RT!
:
gym mats gym matting gym flooring  gym mats flooring
Thank you for the RT and follow : Look forward to your tweets!
your mom looks stunning!!
If only understood the depth and weight of that statement...
;
EOGs next week, screw that.
If you've got a good marriage why should you care who anyone else marries?
Love first, always.
Would appreciate more information about the August meeting you mentioned in your usinno presentation
Some folks age gracefully in their professorssions, mentoring and empowering the next generation.
Some become more controlling and nasty.
So happy.
SAGAFTRA is a bouncing baby new UNION.
So Happy.
Baseball: Today's game with UWPlatteville has been postponed.
The game will be madeup on Monday at 7:00 p.m.
at Stampfl Field.
You never have to apologize for your musical roots.
niggas say i'm too dope, i aint sellin it.
..
3 me some tyga c;
Today will be a struggle...
WTF Eastbound?
I was promised an Ewok village!!
I've gone over to the other side  Watching ACM's, checking hashtags and Tweeting.
Checking out Single for Sure DIVERSE live Private Showcase at SIR Studios New on Indie Music Channel
that is awesome!
How did you like the training?
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Joseph Campbell
: lovely toliet in the background.
Haha!
Yes, it's top notch.
RT : the back channel for Jim Knight at TIES
If they will not understand that we are bringing them a mathematically infallible happiness, 
I seem to have danced my voice away!
I agree!
Music is WONDERFUL!
: the set  mehh not so much...
Pornography is supposed to arouse sexual desires.
If pornography is a crime, when will they arrest makers of perfume?
Yall know I'm playing a show on Tuesday, right?
with Stephanie, Flexions, and
On the shampoo bottle it says...,lather rinse  repeat but it doesn't say stop..so I'm off to buy more shampoo  a bigger water heater!
I was just telling someone that I wanted to watch this movie this weekend.
Love it!
I know!
Showing off on all these commercials when she can't do a thing!
Dear Lord, I know every day may not be good, but there is something good in each day.
I'm alive.
I'm in good health.
Thank You!
Always appreciate and respect another's journey...
when someone's path takes them in a different direction let go with love and Blessings!
If you knw me, you knw I love the Moon.
And that boy been shining bright the last three days.
My inner Wolf wants to howl and piss on trees
I honestly am such a mess I can't take it anymore
Had a great date...it was a nice surprise in the middle of the week:
Bounce back game!
Go Hawks Go!!
now following , FB

I spend my days lookin through pages, trying to find a way, to get away from me!
when u in the mood  you cant solve it o.O
I'm sure zeta love me btw
Congrats!
MT Great weekend in Chicago, took 2nd at MIVA!
Heading to Kansas City for NCVF National Volleyball Championships!
Male CEO's or female CEO's?
RT Are publicly traded company CEOs paid too much?
A large majority of readers think so.
T, wanted to see if I can book you in CHICAGO on the 1 sports talk show in town?
We are on from 59 AM, want to talk BULLS.
Gotta get my nails done .
Monkeyclaus is getting cleaned up and landscaped for its 6th birthday.
We'll share pictures soon!
:
Animal Collective Bargaining
Congrats!
: 94, I have been selected to fill Rep.
Rhyne's seat.
so that's you!
That happened to me once only I was doctoraming and had to answer three riddles then crapped my bed
It's lunch time , any recommendations on where to grab something unique?
I would fly my lil butt to LA for that LOL
This great idea is turning into a bad idea very quickly
Got frozen waffles  we have no toaster.
Reading the box: just slip these wholesome multigrain beauties into the toaster
Oh, sweetie...
you know we can only get crawfish down here!
I will
Everyone is an anchor, the question is are you keeping others where they need to be, or preventing them from where they need to go?
One doctornk to remember and another to forget...
Can't wait for this tour to begin!
Stop in tomorrow for Wellness Wednesdays, all members receive a complimentary top shelf gram with min.
donation.
Check us out at facsd.org.
Your city has missed you.
Welcome home.
se kesto lol, good bro ...
You guys still in Utah?
Thank you to all Veterans for your service to our country!
RT Show at Jives coffee shop tomisterow Thursday night at 7pm with and
My 5 yr old would bathe in it.
RT : How did she get Nutella on her elbow?!
yeah same..
i could never do it
Hey I just met Angela Johnson!
Word up bro!
She's awesome!
thank all for all the followers!
we appreciate it so much!
damnn pacerrs, you guys are going for a 21 series lead.
:''
understood.
Well when you have time look up The Greater Heights Make It Through on YouTube.
Promise you'll like it.
Love that!!
RT : RT : Rays come out of dugout to applaud Jeter
Oh, MadMen, why must we suffer through Henry and Betty so?
Bodyy is all kinds of sore from my workout ;
Take my hummus, please!
Ugh n there go my feeling running down my face
New Rule: isn't allowed to talk FIFA13 while I'm in the office...
Makes me want to go home and play...
When are you free?
My mom is a Hightower.
Family ties from NC, SC, TN,  KY.
Wonder if we're related.
nice one :D haha I'm weird
Wondering if the need for Team Leads is symptomatic of an organization's lack of real Leadership.
Friday night knicks playoff push leggo
Oh, no.
I have 21 weeks LEFT.
21 weeks and one day, to be exact.
Not that I'm counting.
my stint in Canada for woc2011 is coming to a close.
twas a pleasant experience.
renewed appreciation for comm theory types.
Jose Bautista puts Jays on the board in the 4th.
Tribe up 41
I tried calling you...
why did you send me to voicemail?
Bah humbug!
im watching all your keeks while home sick3 7
Great meeting with and of !
Big plans for September, and
RT : Thing is, if Klout didn't exist, someone would have to invent it.
The urge to quantify the unquantifiable is too strong.
yes.
date night?
your welcomee 33 he looks like God !
33 so sexy
haha will do
Booker T.
Washington
Not much of an age difference.
I think he should call you Jimmy.
It is not that love is blind.
It is that love sees with a painter's eye, finding the essence that renders all else background.
Gotta love the 2nd half of taks days.
Movies and nothing.
our alert today LOGL still going and going damn members making alot of money
: I bet ur havin a blast there.
So jealous!
Only benefit is that I can watch the doctorft on 1 screen,  the Giants on the other
thx young lady
haha I was like what the hell is this..
but that's good : I think I did well too
most exclusive person ever.
Seen only on rare occasions.
hahhaha
We did make this issue free.
Next time you want to point at something , let me know and I'll see what I can do.
Today Madison tomorrow Bel Terra:
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
will do
Joy Behar has no patience for the loonies on her show right now, and I was headed to bed, but this is funny.
ugh, i hate this feeling!
Had a blast goin out last night.
Now I'm on call chillin.
Please don't call me in cb!!!
Thy sword is unsheathed, sir...
Shakespeare for
thanks for the follow.
Nice blog.
Freelance?
Call me crazy but I feel kinda happy.
It was a really nice day.
I like Rick, I wish he could get it turned around.
I'd like to see him back to the CU and UW days.
Good guy.
's Charles Shaw wine, dubbed TwoBuckChuck has turned 10 years old and shipped 50 million cases of the different varieties
In honor of the start of 10 days of SXSW, today EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!
ha!
La!!
Isssy!!
You return!!
New Boyz performing LIVE at Club Sevilla in Long Beach..Sell out expected!!
For PreSale tickets or bottle service text 562.307.3589
SKY Y U NO RAIN
Are any of you fine social scientists using R in undergrad methods courses?
How has it worked out?
Shit, i just woke up
What's your favorite band/artist right now?
Anyone I should be watching?
I'd rather see him than Youkilis w/ his bulbous head  awkward stance.
Appreciate the hustle.
Hard to compete w/ AJ.
Using that word at all as a pejorative continues to stigmatize people with disabilities.
Same as using gay as an insult.
Who wants to hang wit me tomorrow tho LOL
I'm doing it again..
Time to release
Hell's yes !
Found designers integral to development of new work in ensemble process.
Jason Taylor sounds genuinely disappointed to have signed a contract with the Jets.
Baffling Miami had no interest in him for another year
Way to go, Sarah!
:D
Thanks for the follow Keevon!
it's too early to feel squirley.
oh so cool!
mind you play a song for us?
a preview?
Overly agitated and aggravated.
Definitely don't need added stress right now...
nigga you comin to my graduation tomorrow?!
So whatcha been up to??
Love your Tonyweets.
And people in the rest of the country love seeing that guy from HIMYM rap.
And Chris Rock!
Every time I plan to take kitteh Page on road trip to visit the parents, she dives under the bed hours before, like she KNOWS...
Omg the parties have finally ended damm!
Recover and Study time, no more distractions plz
Trying to decide if I want to delete all Pisces RED voicemails, texts, emails messages.
There's a ton Hm
No life.
Hate crapping in a public restroom!
Good Morning Have a Wonderful day :
Thx for the Revolución Shout out!
Chocrotes refused, I have kept silent for too long my old Master, for I will never stop asking questions and I will never stop being me!
When's your birthday hoe?!
looovin, is what i got.
i said remember that.
The reds are overvaluing Votto.
Good luck with that.
Awesome!
Thanks.
:
Girl do you not know you look like a radish on your head
www.stardesignsa.com
Awesome vinyl, Delicious doctornks tonight!
Eggs, and waffles, and pancakes, oh my!
It's Brunch on Boxing Day today!
Join us!
we should be right now lol
: Hope you guys are cool with my decision!
It means the world to me that you support me.
I totally support you!
I hate watching movies where the video and audio aren't synched .
Good Foul...bad shot.
Cecilia from has given us a run down of some of the statistics of contemporary cities and opportunities that exist in them
Congrats on being our 1,000th follower!
We'd send you a FREE sandwich/salad card, but are you near Chicago or DC?
That's awesome :
Nf thanks for the Follow!
Shaq came to Houston and got rocked like base...
man we don't play
them shits pop up on shoe blogs damn near daily...
a lot of corny niggas out there
just listened to QueenS .....i'm sold.
Dope, love their sound!
haha, yeah, loyalty, or not wanting to answer questions about events.
sent me the video !
Long, yet exciting weekend !
Tons of dancing, lots of fun, and loads of inspiration!
I cant wait either!
Of course since I don't have cable I have to go to someone's home and watch it.
For a brief moment just now I channeled my inner black woman.
There was a big spider.
oh, hell no directquote and I blame
Its the last day of classes.
Damm, I really finished my first year of college.
That's a huge deal to me.
Still got three to go though.
I wanna like buy her new album!
isn't the 2nd AmericanU related MTP Trivia winner in recent weeks?
are you stopping in MD?
Edinburgh forever indeed!
Wish we were all at Nokia Theater right now
Who is the best summertime band?
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
Mahatma Gandhi
IfYouWereSmart youd suck that dick!
if you dont ...
theres a dusty bitch who will.
I tend to not follow if someone is doing more than 15 or 20 unless I know them or they are interesting.
Getting fried the first day of vacation....
Goodnight fellow APUSHers, may the odds be ever so in our favor tomorrow
we missed this!
Will they be doing it again?
sorry Amy, ill be at the game
I hate whiny bitches...
cowboy up boy!
Ikr I got the video and everything on ph1and I'm listening to it rite now lol
Yes!
Thanks 4 sharing.
staff RT 'It's never too late for you to embrace an audacious vision for your life.'
Follow me!!!!
let's see if I can get to 300 folloers by midnight
I regret that I hung on to every word, cause your voice is the worst sound that I've ever heard.
lol no one, I was JS, about this girl..;P
bookclubs and motivation are both way overrated
Thanks for following us!
Do you review apps?
RT : AtosOrigin EVP is speaking w NA Sales  Markets group about 2010 initiatives.
Heavy influence on INNOVATION
Happy Halloween everybody.
Killer time tonight with super classy and annoited man of God.
come out Rita Ranch Skate Park tomorrow!
skate, food, fun!
People that text with commas make me laugh.
No one pays attention to that stuff
he'll be good but it prolly won't be at San Fran though.
He's got Frank Gore and Brandon Jacobs ahead of him.
Ima be on bad girls one day
everything good.
Had a turkey at my sisters crib.
How was your thanksgiving day?
man, I had accepted that someone may have taken it by now, but it was still on the table all lined up with the salt and pep ...
and there's lots of em tonight.
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
that stupid crap that keeps me in?
It's time to win, me and Dez want something to come back to!
only doing it 4 him!
Can't wait for the new light to arrive!
Look out Sun, your days are numbered!
exciting!
champagne, o you know i like to keep it classy haha
you are so inspirational!
Everyone else, you should follow this guy, he's amazing.
:
Follow me on Pinbookertwit!
can you see my texts?
is she fucking crazy or what?
omg!
this is exactly why i like attached women...
they all fall in love fucking curse!
Damn imma Be a busy girl ......
Walking on a sidewalk.
A pigeon just cut me off.
I mean it could be worse.
followed,follow back?3
Movie Night.
1 Dogs.
Burger and fries 6!!!
Tomorrow is Steak Night and Football!
Open at Noon on Sat and Sun for football!!
as you should!
ma friend stephanie is blaming me for her bf instead of blaming him wanna see more like y she thinks that tell me or ask me n I'll tell u
Hi JWL Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Heard this crazy Coachella rumor that tupac came back as a hologram.
Whatever.
Like that happened.
Really cold in Jerusalem!
Hail falling in the capital and 1st graders saying Snow, snow, I cant believe...
Lord Daniel Brennan QC, Chairman of Juridica, said: These are positive results and we look forward to a coming year of significant perform
Twilight was ok but I will never go to a marathon again
it wasn't him at all.
It was me.
Sometimes when I date a guy after the 1st week I get super annoyed with everything they do :/
Sure wish macs were more userfriendly.
All I want to do is illegally copy dvd's, is that too much to ask for?
apparently....
I will seriously do anything to get the hell oh of this house right now
RIP Steve Jobs
Glad to hear!
What dish makes your stomach growl the most?
:
just got put in the friendzone .
TeamSwaggin thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Ppl with less followers, have them, because their comments are rude  distasteful.
WTG Chris!!
RT : Take that or whatever ur name is!
Can't argue with facts about housing bubble huh?
Transportation at StirOSU  Central Question: How do we get from here to where we need to be?
: Brilliant radio promotion, or one in bad taste?
what a great idea!
Love it.
Just saw Black Swan; wish I was an AMPAS member so I could vote for Portman.
Advice to other Best Actress nominees: stay home, it's hers.
2 goals in extra time?
Wow.
Congrats, Man City...
Take out seton hall today, u guys got this
Posted to facebook about my frame being cracked, today I'm followed by a bike repair company on Twitter.
That freaks me out a little.
I'll be there!
I get that all the time xD
Forever sending my sister into the TCBY I used to work at to get me ice cream so I don't have to face my old manager.
sorry!
Night 
NICE!!!
So happy you loved our tunes!
Sory for the late reply  what was your fav song??
Tweet by made my night thanks!
I never did give them hell.
I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.
I enjoyed it too.
Mellencamp is like Indiana football.
Not good.
Getting you pumped for the 405!
You know it!
Mostly, it's to keep the two separate...
because librarians tweet too much.
:P
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away.
It feels longer than that.
It doesn't even feel like december yet.
tomorrow 2nd hour will be the longest class of my life.
how i dislike math.
i think that and couple name should be Nickus.
lmao
Shouts out to my lil bro and the fact that we
me either
Truck 1 is rolling now
Chick FilA :
They say you dont feel red wine until you stand up.
Along those lines, I dont feel coffee until I click Sent Mail
Are you really gonna go?
Please head to Capitol Hill, preferably near Capitol South metro.
We all need a cool treat during recess.
You're gonna stand there an tell me you don't have one single whistlin kitty chaser?
RAWK!
It's a good decision.
Let me know how it goes!
Remember it's the last day to early vote!
Furious about the name change, but you'll always be wagon wheeless to me
We'd love to know how sees the importance of music in communities
Only cool people own mythical creatures
The Serenity Prayer should always be written in a mixture of Chinese and futurecussin'.
/via
The schedule for June and July looks absolutely amazing.
those are amazing!
too late.
Next year?
Now Following ..
yes.
Damn that was a fun movie.
Thank You I fa sho did some studyin for that test and I'm glad I did
Who won an historic New Orleans housing court case in 1927, that still did little to help the racial discrimination?

Where its at tonight !?
This niggah beside me under arms boof like shit
Fair tonight with my girls!
damn angry birds Rio, and seasons!!!
Ladies free doctornks tonight after party
Brian Klemke wrote: Up way to frickin' early after going to bed so late.
Recorded the Pimp and Ho commercial last night for WJJO.
it was great seeing you at C21GC thanks for imparting your wisdom bro!!
follow me please MB i love you!!
143 .....
appreciative it guys!
does anyone have an extra ball screw for a piercing?
Looking forward to seeing your special guest!
Been to long!
You can actually design your own laptop.
Currently have no math teacher.......shes sitting in the next room cause she dosnt think she has a class
There is no such thing as 'normal' pain.
The pain is telling you something is wrong.
If you don't know what it is, seek professorssional help.
I enjoyed the presentation yesterday by
First ECA/A/E outreach team lunch sans We'll try to recreate the What's Potbelly's joke but wont be the same
I love my dad:
All things public under assault.
The party named for Res Publica, public matter, should be called The Reprivatans from here on out.
SANTINO....I saw u in tonight's outfit once before......in a WET doctorAM.....DAMN U LOOKED SO FN HOT.....!!
Time 4 bed...!!
thanks sweetie
Roger likes it rough
howdy.
Lol and sure :
Yep, looks nasty.
I know but he's just so impossibly handsome and manly.
oh come on it's Madden
Morning Workout Time!
Good Morning World
A debt consolidation bad credit loan is definitely utilized buy in
i know!!
it is gonna be hard.
it's faded, so now it back blonde.
Happy New Year!!
Wow is changing my tweets :
i have tickets for Bone Thugs n Harmony  Theophilus London at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
Hey !
Are the unwiches 1 today too?
damn..
The site is down for maintenance?????
Wtf?
I'm sorry baby sweet doctorams I love you kisses  3
enough already with the airports!
PS do you have a voice today?
lmfao!
Ima spray yo ass in the eyes with some cleaner
way to text me back!
Feels good to have the car back!
Now let me quit tweetingwhiledoctorving...
!
Lancashire is top London pick Lancashire is top London pick.
Lancashire has again been highlighted as the standout pick among London mark
RT : As I get older I find it's better to have just a few real friends rather then many fake ones
shoulda never let so much time pass by
anytime :p haha
I wanna go to Cedar Point for a day but I'll wait till ppls free passes start rolling
LOOKOUT: Backstage interview with coming soon!
Hi Snapon in CA!
There is no callin number, but you can tweet to uwebc questions or comments.
Got tickets to 's Benson Interruption of Cocktail on Jan.
13 You should too!
I just left my daughter's 5th grade 'promotion' ceremony.
It was nice.
We are all very proud of her.
Way to go Megan!
How did the interview go?
I just try to be the best I can be and hope that is the best ever.
Tiger Woods
uh oh Peggy Peggy Peggy help
I was finna say where they do that.
Thank you for the support!
A CPA can help ensure that youre not paying more taxes than you need, and they can help you hang on to every cent possible in a legal way
Time to see if Narveson has any Nervesons, amiright?
I am not a whore I am not a whore BUT I LIKE TO DO IT
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact?
Breasts don't have eyes.
Eavesdoctorpping but thank you for this convo and words of wisdom re:fear.
Truly heard today after a tough day yest!
My printer ran out of ink while printing out stuff for my strategy file
Hi Tiff, Winners Will Be Announced This Week!
have you announced the winners for new country star contest
I couldn't build an app for the life of me but this sounds like a great idea!
Goodnight everyone!
goodnight Austin.
I love you!
would you like to be my 300th follower, you know what to do..
Watching Easy A
Can't image any other team is close, right?
RT : Pretty sure that's 5 squeeze bunts for the Brewers in 26 games.
3rd suicide
People are pissing me off.
And my dumbass teacher made us come out side to sit for an hour with no shade.
I wanna go home.
A win against one of the top rebounding/defensive teams IN THE LEAGUE friday would mean something.
Don't get hyped over beating the Portland
I'm still following you, even though we disagree, lol.
:
captainring the Friedmans!
Well...
maybe not.
Had to mention it somehow.
RT Rare thing for doc to witness people falling in love.
Ha!
Madge being the worse offender of all...
RT : Pacific Tsunami Warning Center cancels tsunami warning for Hawaii.
JUST ANNOUNCED: www.jsonline.com/entertainment/musicandnightlife/89883517.html
Does he believe in superiority of NL ball?
Hard to turn down a Natsfan educator.
AWW I'm sure theyre not plotting revenge all the time,some of the time theyre probably just holding a grudge haha
Great ass weekend so far
Blog, Blog, Blog, Who needs a Custom Blog?
Anyone who can't afford a full blown website but needs exposure.
Tweet me for examples or help..
I agree on the Thin Mints.
Have you tried doctorers Thin Mint ice cream?
Totally agree!..
..
Now...MOVE THE CONVENTION!!!
this swisher is a great way to start the night ;
Just saw Avengers a few hours ago.
Hulk stole the show!
Where's everybody gunna get shitfaced n taken advantage of tonight?
:
totally missed your writeup.
Will look for it now
Daniel Aleshire of ATS to speak at CHEA's Annual Conference.
Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010ACISFinal.asp
Send us home, man.
we broke up, and it was spreading truth by request of many twitterers, not airing dirty laundoctor.
peace 3
I thought so too.
Vick villified for dog abuse, Chris Brown gets Grammy for domestic abuse.
When no texts me 
Is emotionally damaged the new black or something?
shakes head
chaingang niggah on da raise.
I love your professorle pic, beautiful!
ohh.
I'm guessing you like it?
:
Muffin Top Blast!
Show rehearsals on the way.lol
To use Or Not To use Google Adwords  CUNY GC Sociology Web ...
The most embarrassing thing happened to me :
too bad....we were thinking about a vuvuzela premiere this morning!
I'm not sure if this is supposed to be cute or if there is something serious wrong with that panda.
:P
Rip larry munson
I think we should reword engaged to engaging first, what do you think?
We knocking the heck outta MyBucketList...
I  these SuperSaturdays!!
CampingBound is gonna be INSANITY!!
Y'all are too much!
Well , idk why I have one...
RT : lol im straight!
RT : Rioting leads to pollution.
I expect more of you.
Awww you rock!
I'm gonna try my best, senior year's is going to be awesome!
:
hey punk today is my birthday could you please wish me a happt birthday?
thatd be f'n awesome
WHY MUST OUR BATHROOM/SHOWER OVER FLOW NOW?!
No new ideas  prom rec reading  lasted less than 1hr for a 2hr block!
Off to find another session
you can dm/ email it to me or you can contact him at
Don't fret your 15 is almost up RT Dad Addoctorsses Viral Laptop Shooting After Daughter's FB Post  on.mash.to/yMfEaf
There is only one terminal dignity  love.
Juliet Simms.
Damn.
I'm looking forward to an album from her.
i dont want to follow justin bieber btfo
Angela We're going to give you a special gift when our site is back up and running!
Thanks again!
oh.
It's nothing.
I'll be okay boo.
Dont worry
lol I wanna reach 2k soon..
I want to trust you again
Didn't see dat coming did u grin.
I got an electric blanket for Christmas!
...Now that we've climbed the Mt.
Everest of work problems, I have a game watching date with my Celtics fan twin brother.
happydance
Good luck!!
You will beast it up, I'm sure of it!
What a Field Day!
I made 81 HF contacts with most of them being on 10 meters.
My throat is sore from calling CQ so much.
Hey peeps I need a good suggestion for a book club book?
What's one of ur GABA?
I just got done professorssionally designing my page MYSELF .
Had some studying to do but at lease I didn't have to pay 800 for a web designer!
Today was a great day to walk around NYC cool and overcast.
Great way to remember the 10 year anniversary of 911.
Nasal obstruction primary complaint of many patients, continued use of nasal steroids is a good starting point
rock and undertaker
He says all the right things at exactly the right time
Awww...
My heart is bigger only because of all of you here!
Thanks girl!
can't get the live stream to load...
Happy Earth Day!
Love is beautiful when it's shared but ugly when hidden...it shouldn't feel like a burden cuz it's a blessing but many ppl don't agree...so
Happy easter Hope it's been great!
THX for
of course!:
PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!
LOVE YOU :
Update: Display system is SOLD!
I hope you get it Macy
Watching some college basketball!
Glad you had a nice time!
lol  I know the feeling.
even with the portal.
It's ugly
...waiting for: I doctorVE A DODGE STRATUS!!!!
Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn.
Hesiod
RT Mebbee I will.
Mebbee I won't.
Just Mebbee.
Sounds allot like Mitt!
Thanks, all!
I'm favorably disposed.
I'm so proud of the IB seniors
I'm in for Andy today in the FOX 12 Weather Center.
I'll have your cool, wet forecast on Good Day Oregon from 4:309:00 AM!
thats my baby
So, I'm searching for casting calls.
;o
Bark!!!!
That's the sound of my feet...however dons Triumph pub for dinnerseated right awaynow to not fall asleep in my food...
soon enough.
You just gotta find time in your busy schedule to hang out with me!
Haha you have to wait for that second wind to kick in and you can usually down at least one more bite...then the self loathing.
challenging him to fight to the death.
What has saved him is that he hasnt been able to meet the violence.
Happy Easter :
thank you man!
Keep up the good work!
Watching The Sitter.....this movie is halarious!..
I can make a good girl go bad.....
Lol
OMG.
I think I spoke too soon.
That walker just shut Dale up in a very gruesome way.
The awkward moment when someone deletes their comments on Facebook and you look like you're talking to yourself.
My bf likes to pretend abuse me in public
at work lol
We had a great time at yesterday's Reston Community Center Pet Expo.
A big thank you to everyone who came out and supported us!
can't see GB being passed over for multiple years unless duke/UNC shut down mens bball.
Watching on Ridiculousness with guys are hilarious!
Working on a NEW project.
Can't wait to share it with y'all!
Does a tweet suffice for a happy birthday to from her brother?

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
RIGHT?
I mean, dude can sing all right, but the way he ends every word with EEEAAAAAA makes me want to claw my ears off.
i tried to get ya name on the ballot for best female rap artist
Getting off for a while...bye
thanks for the reminder!
ALWAYS...
stupid fucking people have NO IDEA how hockey works.
Lake Front Beer Battered Sweet water Organic's Perch  tonight only!
it's ok I won't judge you based on your slippers lmao
What are you kidding me why didn't you say anything?
I'm so sorry I had no idea but why didn't you say anything?
!
We can change our lives.
We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Tony Robbins
Flash Flood Warning here in Dayton...they just came on TV and said move quickly to save your life Wow they are serious here in Dayton
Very pretty!!
:
I can say that I've had the best time at NGS2012.
There are so many smart, passionate, funny genealogists.
Learned so much my brain hurts.
Our first ever power outage!
Exciting times on the hill...
Padoctors just turned a triple play vs the mets
who has the worse fan base..
sixers or hawks, I think its a tie.
know12 David Smoley on now: CIO OF Flextronics.
Mad tech world: breaking tradition, behaving differently
Now i understand how got bullied even more.
Disparity in school discipline in MI: African Americans make up 20 of student population as a whole, but 39 of expelled students
Watching stepbrothers with boyfran :
Go Owls!
Temple vs.
SFU in about 45 minutes
Possible: FREE Issue of KIWI Magazine  Free stuff
watchin' a movie with my bestfriend .
text me :
I'll cross mine for ya too!
Even though my dog has lived on a golf course for three years he still barks when he sees golfers.
So annoying
lmao gotta love !
so 250 is put of the question????
Hahahahaha
been benefitted is terrible grammar by the way lol.
Didn't realize I put that
If you want to convey urgency, if you want to change minds, you need to see a human face.
Complete sleaze...but hey, its Friday RT : Do you feel like a TMZ reporter?
He that is busy is tempted by but one devil.
He that is idle, by a legion.
Thomas Fuller
please follow me!3333
how was prom?
Joe, according to NFL scouts?
They stole my boys ipod when we catch him were gonna steal his life
Yah so dam sad.
pain fills the heart and becomes heavy not allowing me to sleep thoughts of what if coulda been should of been or could of been come to mind
Grad students: have you registered for your next course?
Contact your Program Chair to set up your class for Monday!
Were missing Shump A LOT.
With Stat out, we could have moved fields to SF.
I guess we can still do that  have Smith start
I'm so tired and I hate my stepdad does anyone know a hitman?!
JK JK :/
Please excuse Gordy from school today, he left his brain on the subway.
Third time I've lost my keys in 2 mos  so frustrating, ugh :/
you are correct!
If we allow Kardashians to marry, we should allow gays to marry.
when r u free
I will tnks so much
Plus I had to find out on Facebook humiliationheapedonhumiliation and a book tower collapsed this afternoon wiping out the health tent.
420 Fail: Rolled up and ready to spark, but no lighter....wtf...smh!!!!
I seriously loved his jacket.
I didn't see the problem.
ravins at Monroe dude I was hoping thEy wouldn't get him
RT : Only 2025 of humanity actually uses the Web at all.
Tim BernersLee
Are there any guys in your dance class?
oh yeah.
don't they know that dance is for girls?
This really made me angry.
VERY VERY ANGRY.
thanks for contending for the faith.
ogw Seattle CIO: Deputize also means giving citizens tools to do better block watches, like crime data.
Looking forward to tweeting with you!
hey there..
how are you?
Haven't heard from ya for a while..
thanks for the mention today!
did u do LA
Early signs of periodontal disease: Increasingly foulsmelling breath
yes sir we sure do!
I hope the Lakers get rolled this game.
Running on 1 hour of sleep!
Ugh FML
Why wouldnt they let her go?
Its free food for her!
Who are these people who applaud mention of capital punishment and laugh at the plight of the uninsured?
O tempora!
O mores!
Trying to focus on this exam, but OKC and LAL are about to play!!
Ah!
OKC!!
good shit yesterday man
Sounds great, thanks for the shout and for thinking of us!
I'll have an answer for you Monday latest.
I expect we are in.
I Don't Follow TeamOMG
I actually liked avengers.
Thought it would be extremely corny, which it was, but I liked it.
What moron ruins the greatness of prunes by stewing them?
Prunes are a raw food people.
Nice outing, Clay.
They are playing FOR CP3....
Dude gotta be hurting.
Thanks bro RT : Everyone follow his music is tight and his beats are on fire
WITTY WED: Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Raising childoctorn in stairwells and from couch to couch is something that I am NOT going to support.
We need to find more  for shelters.
So Mayweather's entourage: Bieber?!
Really?!
3Days..
I'm ready
Houston you have a problem.
Brad Mills is an idiot!
will be releasing their newest song Sugar Rush in one week!
Be sure to get it on July 20th!
Trust me, you'll love it!
watching Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol then study the rest of the day for my history exam
But I'm the boss .
I love aquamarine
'We aim to fees.' Ticket Master
If you could buy a house anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
I'm stupid?
smh, just doctorp it damn.
My Milkshake brings all the boy to the yard and they're like it's better than yours.
Damn right it's better than yours.
I could teach you.
Thank you for your very kind words!
I am so pleased to know you love your Canyon Group robe!
My son started walking at 8 months and he's been going ever since.
oomf is just to cute
NOW I WANT LOBSTER.
thank you for supporting my cravings.
looking forward to tomorrow's gasparilla race in
Trying to find people
Trollhunter was pretty awesome.
If trollology was a subject, Id study it.
I just had a life changing experience.
follow me please :
neat watching you two.
Thanks for catching
MyBiggestProblem running out of money for abortions.
A year ago today I moved to LA!
So crazy how time flies, I'm so lucky to be surrounded by great roommates and friends!
This BABIP bullshit needs to end.
Is it me or does baron Zimo doctorss like a pimp?
Actions are able to prove why sometimes words mean nothing.
Oh man, that's still funny.
:
Looking for sample letter to send parents explaining blogs for highschool students
Uggghhh...school in the morning
Guess that means im techanically in love with Justin Bieber
Don't complicate my life with your mediocrity.
.
on stef's diagnosis: This is an opportunity to make a difference
thats cool but what about the rest of the us?
like West palm beach fl would love to see U!!
so please enough texas and ca!!
Face it you're never bringing them home you damn lying asshole using that part as an excuse to be elected president.
so sad I missed your performance at Hotel Cafe  
you bet!!
Thanks for the retweet.
Boxwire BizTip: The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Customers just don't fall in your lap, get after it!
Damn, what Id do to have you here?
I seen your videos on vimeo
hey I have a question for u, r u doing playgrounds this summer?
Let's go grizz!!
20ThingsAboutMe there's a fine line from me liking someone  thinking they're cute.
clean my house :
Back at it internship dowork .......3 more days till playtime in seattle !
Bridesmaids is so much funnier than Hangover Part II.
Run to see Bridesmaids.
You won't regret it.
RT : Coffee trivia: it takes 42 beans to make 1 cup of espresso
good call on
welp...prayer is what gets me through ALL reps LOL
Sigh.
Everyone is ignoring me.
But, its good.
Yes, anarchy and chaos would predominate.
World ends kind of stuff.
Thought of the day: Google can bring you back 100,000 answers.
A librarian can bring you back the right one.
Neil Gaiman
Show choir concert tonight.
get to see some really awesome people.
:
Can't believe I'm gonna be 14 in a few dayss..
I had a custom romaine toss with carrots, edamame, doctored cranberries, and blue cheese with balsamic doctorssing.
The best!
False alarm.
Apparently, someone tried to break into the pool.
I swear it wasn't me!
:
And not caring about things that do: ie.
monetary policy.
I may be deep..philosophical and wise, but I am girl...and I just bought the cutest shoes...on sale...
Whenever I run into the Gross downstairs neighbor, I hear in my head Hannibal Lecter, We begin by coveting what we see every day...
Ive been crying all night if u rt this i would be happier DoNt.HoLd.YoUr.BrEaTh3
....
haha I've been hung up on everytime I've called xD for like the last two minutes
holocaust museum on saturday or what
Lmao i know what u mean : Watched the passion of the Christ on Netflix......I shouldn't have!
I miss the doctornk nights of dancing to Don't Stop Believing with
investors are not panicking in the face of political and economic uncertainty, a positive sign for continued recovery in 2012
We are brooms!
Wish i was going to disney on ice this year.
we'd be honored to throw a retirement dinner !
Dolphins were solid last season with Matt Moore at QB so if Tannehill can live up to his expectations then they will be a
quite an awesome email at that
People are so dumb to have a Secret Relationships they are really a moron for doing it lol
is all ready to join Patriots.
Signed this morning.
: Always, there is a reason they only let u do it 18 times RT : Always tee up an iron on par 3's?
Tonite, take the PLEDGE at Wild Thursdays!
5 w/College ID until 11 pm!
21 Free b4 11 w/STYLUS text!
Hosted bar  doctorg show!
Victor Hotel!
Really!?
I can't believe they changed the name of this rivalry to red river rivalry instead of the red river shootout.
Stop this anti...
Madden relates talk w/ thenSpeaker Craddick when he got Corrections chairman: don't build more prisons, they cost too much.
Trying to perfect my eportfolio is becoming an endlessly experimental task.
Luckily doctoramweaver seems stuck in permanent freetrial mode.
Off work and now I do believe it is time for a nap :
We're  a major food show in Anaheim.
The International Deli Dairy Bakery Association.
Booth3372.
Free samples!
Batman is epic :D
love my HATERS!
SouthWindsor CT gets their first today!
So glad to be here and glad the rain didn't come!
The Simply Sweet Shoppe of Carmel, IN NOW HAS A TWITTER!!!
it won't a bad game, we just made them play our game
Do what it takes to follow your doctoram!
Don't ever give up or let go only adjust and move forward.
You are a blessing to others Smile LG
Rule Number 1 Don't Be a Booty Call
Not over yet
I'm late, but I'm catching up on Smash, and some of this stuff is hitting home  hard!
Kinda stuck doctornking Alaskan Barley Wine.
:
Ah, spring, the cruelest of seasons.
Like a lover that keeps sending mixed signals.
Remember tickets are now on sale for our show on January 21st here in lubbock, tx.
Get them at any united supermarket or selectaseat loc.
I can't believe today is my last day of class.
2 years have gone by like lightning.
I'm scared.
I'm waiting
: there'll be a rematch, i'm sure!
I'd rather see Condit vs myself
I have a feeling you make up some good BBQ.
Guessing mayor hasnt spent hour standing on bus.
Passengers calm though.
RT : Mayor asks all residents to remain calm during outage.
aww poor kid.
: hope he feels better.
TGIF!
We're ready for Fusion Fridays with music mixed by DJ Stix, guest host Danger, and live doctorms by Chris B!
omg!
My stomach hurts so bad :
AWESOME WELCOME BACK!!!
lol he can teach me how to get better at math !!!
We still on?
I don't see how some of y'all stay tweeting every 5min 24/7 365.
You can't be working.
They are zoo keepers and every body knows at this zoo a zoo keeper's tail grows longer each time they tell a lie!
Let's go Heat !!
kick up time big dog !!
Good thing I bombed stats.
Kimmie is not pleased.
I definitely heard it through the 8 bus window last week on Greenmount too haha.
thanks a bunch!!!!
Follow any doctorams in your heart.Your always special in anyway you are.Above thousands stars rise the sky.Question wat am i gonna do in life.
Aw so cute!
I was falling off the upstairs :
I just read it and thought it looked cool...
I guess I was wrong..
All that information is crazy
It will be videotaped so check the website after the concert.
No, a paper for another class.
I think I'mma just start prosem and give up on this one for now.
lol.
U started prosem?
One of these!
I just look at my room and think it's such a lost cause..
I had a very light dinner so I'm hungry as heck now.
How are you and Sky?
7 I need glasses, I told you that before.
The latest recipe by was just consumed by yours truly and boy was it awesome!
Well That Just Put A Disgusting Yet Hilarious Image In My Mind!
:
day 1 of bridgepocalypse commute completed in 1 he 20 min.
w/o incident.
good call taking I71
Chuck Norris doesn't use pickup lines, he simply says, 'Now.'
Nicholas acting stoopid .
Nick Perry welcome to packernation you'll be a great 12 punch with
uhh huh come on after the club strip when i get u home strip we on that grown shit.....
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
Oppenheim, James
RT : Praise to allah on that one RT Like, Smash Simmons Is A COLD Muslim Rapper.
Bug spray is whack man..Avon skin so soft is still the SHIGGITY!
LOL!
If I Die Tomorrow no one would care :
Good morning doctorw!
Have a great session!
all i did was post it, man.
but that is a live fucking track, so plz don't stop!!
phew!
Thanks.
Had a great time at UFI.
Thanks to the organizers, the venue and the sponsors for a GREAT time!
u wanna see the smurfs movie?
What tank got new?
: It is possible to be active in the church and less active in the gospel.
ldsconf something to think about!
Ya know, Tosh.0 is kind of annoying.
loved it!
You should write a book.
I am Binnee, hear me roar.
Can't wait to visit tomorrow for Mindy's birthday!!
Beth just fell in gym!!
my name is amy elliott bragg and I love
I think I got it figured out.
Thanks for your help!
no problem!
Sounds very reasonable to me ;
One step closer :
Obesity figures are troubling.
New trends need to be countered in some way.
For them to put music back on.
RT Amazing MTV Pilot Casting Now!
What are you waiting for?
dear ipod shuffle: thank you for switching from elliot smith  death cab for cutie.
i forgot about how awesome the past was
FASHION TIP: Patterned  textured tights  make a good outfit great  get some today!
lol ok.
You have really cool eyeballs I like them
if your language has a history of being set well, take a hint from that history.
English is not Italian.
Hi Tyler, sorry I have not tasted your wines but I perused your website and I'm betting they're excellent.
Are they in Texas?
hitrunthrow deserves the hash tag
Also, MISS YOU!
Can't wait for vacation
so, you delete me off facebook, and unfollow me on twitter, I've NEVER spoken to you lmao, smooth.
some kids vaccine thing...
Your welcome haha
Agreed, but there's only so much one guy can do.
What if instead of elevators, we used ferris wheels?
Somebody needs to hire Linda Cohen on ESPN a stylist...
Good reporter bad doctorsser!!
We have posted an update at rocketheartrecords.com concerning the shipping of More updates to come.
wow/sounds great: im ABLOWN, away, E!
RT Just panseared fresh Morro Bay abalone that  scored on shoot
Shrook is bringing me an iPod later 
Its the weekend so I'm movin' like Bern!
Just saw your new hair color in your picture!
loveit 3
i got you bro
Spurs  Heat u mean right
Paige Hemmis from Extreme Makeover Home Edition will be onair with us in minutes...blonde day is on
We have some exiting stuff coming up!
Thank you guys for all your support :
we are working on that soon!
YUM indeed!
Today is National GRILLed Cheese Sandwich Day!
Anyone see an important word in this post??
jeez!
Two weeks later is that soon enough?
You should text me, I need legal counsel for my shenanigans
I hate doctorving through Pennsylvania......
That must make dayold pound cake the Nickleback of desserts.
haha ya i posted that a while ago!

Thanks for the tour and bbq ribs.
We appreciate you as a supplier  APLD Phx AZ Distric
the No Sale group is meeting here tonight.
Great turnout!
They've basically taken over the place.
Excited for a little date night tonight w/ , sorry , you have to hang out with grandma tonight!
RT : thanks for the shout out!
Happy Monday!
Cast our votes!
I doctoramt that I was race car doctorver.
My gear bag was the size of a car  required 4 people to carry.
Tomorrow Tues.
Feb 2th 3rd Annual KickOff event!
Steve Aoki spinning in the Wynn.
Presented by Puma.
HA perfect : fixed RT : Who's gonna do it, you?
You Lt.
Leivenberg
Super pissed that someone dinged the hell out of my door.
c'monman
Working with 2 amazingly photogenic actresses today...getting some great shots!!
we should
yeah it's hard to find a good one and one where people are professorssional about it too..
we're doing pop/rock
Back in SB.
Looking forward to a great new year, a great new semester, and great new faces.
Ugh I have chicken legs !
How do make ur legs grow fat?
haha yup you were wrong
dang Ur shows are awesome
you're confusing me if you're serious hit my phone
So sorry about sweet son being bullied by teachers.
Posted your website link, video in 19 of my LinkedIn groups  tweeted.
sorry he's fine but he's sick rite now sore throat
how long does it usually take for a session to be available for download?
Gave up a cushy seat so 2 friends could travel together.
Now sitting next man typing on iPad w the volume on.
Wheres the good train karma?
YAY!!!!
where are you girl???
: Play doctorwsomething w/me?
I'm DaNapkin.
Great viz thinking practice.
You must play THIS is who u should play w/!
Someday we'll find it, the Rainbow Connection.
don't use it professorssionally at this point.
I fully appreciate biscuits and I am offended by any suggestion otherwise
Thanx ken, u rule!!
RT : wow you guys like the best music, and I can't wait to buy your new record on June 12!!!
GOP is a pile of liars who think we know nothing about their misinformation campaign!
waronwomen NOT MYTH lovebigoil NOT MYTH!!!!!
I want some tgi Fridays..
Tyler Champagne will shoot two commercials this week!
Now that's a booker!!!!!!
omg that's amazing!
you're very talented!
i bet she'll love it :
I Cried When I realized my grandma has more of a social life than I do
Taco Shop on University Ave delivers
This bitch on fb pissed me off with the comment she left on my uncle's status..I see why my sisters never liked her ass
Wish I could do that.
Little bitches get out, we don't want no skinny bitches!
Big booty bitches!
You must empty your cup before it can be refilled.
I just saw Hatchet for the first time!
Sorry to be so late to the lovefest, but it's now a favorite!
tailgate time!!
Yeahh buddy ;
Us too!
Stay tuned for chic handbags from these savvy sisters  RT : is excited to work with !
lmao!
I wouldn't come down too.
The city is a mess!
I don't know where yet.
I'm doing some interviews.
More likely Mississippi
Lame.
RT If PatsDolphins game goes long, RaidersBroncos would start on ESPN2.
We will alert viewers if this happens.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy.
It is only a button please.65
yeah, I assumed that.
but good to hear!
I will give you 47 dollars and a male hooker if you eat that!
So heartbreaking to see the effect Junior Seau's suicide has had on his family.
They are utterly destroyed.
No such thing as closure.
And they will all now google trapper keeper lol
That's just too funny
Um, worry about yourself.
NEW FEATURE: Tides in the USA.
I LOVE HER STG
RT Aquarius go off what YOU show them.
Not what they heard.
if you close your eyes sounds like Tom Hanks.
Important info...
well Dale, you get my vote for sexiest prelaw student in Wisconsin!!
Someday I'll get to bed at a decent hour.
Oh that one, no
I have you all over my binder and when ppl ask whos that I say only the best singer in the world, Isint he cute?,,, Very
Those of you that purchase music downloads, what service do you like to use?
iTunes?
Amazon?
Bandcamp?
Something else?
Some of the take always from NABShow for me: Sliders, sliders  more sliders.
4K cinema is old news bring on 5K!
cont.
hello did u get my text
Right?
I'm practically asking for it.
When you see me in da streets remember, YOU DON'T KNOW ME of the realest lyrics wrote!
Grammy time!
new speakers announced for Books in Browsers 2012 at the Oct 2526!
I wanna learn Latin.
Has there been a more frustrating Royal in the GMDM era than Hoch?
Sent in my request to join!
he's more Ghandi than that.
He stands there, all 6 Jamaican feet, and quietly wiggles his fingers.
If it scored me an exit....
Bryce Harper has a repulsive haircut
Can your new city handle the greatness of the homance 24/7?
Congrats on the good news.
Cheers!
I was so confused when I saw you in my mentions then I remember YOU tweeted from my phone
AVX Delivers World39;s First Validated ConflictFree Tantalum Capacitors
I say no, but you never listen to me and then I end up right.
But idk..just do what you want honey.
It's your relationship.
that lucky old wade shot bo
Apartment hunting in NYC.
Any tips or advice?
I'm going bonkers.
Everyone always talks about the early bird.
How about the early worm?
How'd that work out for him?
Give that person my addoctorss.
On the Cavs on TV  they interviewed owner Dan Gilbert  he stated that the Cavs were close to acquiring a 3rd 1st rd pick b4 the deadline
I couldn't see much more coming from beiber.
He seems like he's on his outskirts of being all used up.
Woke up to doctorma.Didnt involve me but when its peps I know then it does.I feel so bad for fathers who raise there kids w/ lil girls!
yea i do , Lol sis remember that day u was at my house and i made my nephew hit his head .
Lmao
But this time not for you, just for me.
MAKE SURE TO CATCH ME FOR ANOTHER CRAZY NIGHT  RELIC LOUNGE TOMORROW NIGHT...
don't post pictures of the pens you bastard
Keep calm and carry on!!
:D
I love the feel of your name on my lips...
What's this mother's day people speak of?
Ours happen 3 days ago
Uhoh.
That means someone is about to start charging me a lot of money for Shakespearerelated coverage.
DAMN might have to sell the brewery due to shareholders please say it isn't so we all love your
What is your favorite pre  postrace tradition?
You have no idea how incredibly Sarah Lawrence that sounds.
I'm actually convinced one of the theatre kids will do that.
CastleAlways in five minutes!!
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!!
AH AN IM DEAD.......
Oh ok that makes sense...I might have to invest in one
love you Nialler 3 your US and UK fans adore you
Me too!
Especially mister Wendell!
Stay tuned...Your iDeals ABQ supports local business and local nonprofessorts, schools, churches  youth athletics!
coming soon
Ive been through some things, please dont hold that against me
Positivity is like water, it will overpower and consume negativity around it
Anytime you play us check the stats my team winning
I will exist on black coffee, fruit, vegetables, and water today.
No Problem!
im tall
HappyBirthday to my baseball bebe love ya : have a good 17th birthay!
At 11:16 CenterPoint Energy reports 2362 Houston customers w/o power.
are you still in the hospital?
we won last night in your honor.
I'm starting to have Vegas withdoctorwals...
It's incredible.
It will blow you away.
Yeah right.
I will use that line.
Keep you posted on her response.
The 3 year old I'm babysitting is screaming I've been shot!
I've been shot while playing house
???
what u talking bout my g???
all i ask was for gear.u said if i need sumthin ask.
I'm so glad you chose me3
Seriously though...
When were you supposed to live?!?
You are very sexy and very beautiful as well!
Your AVI pic is absolutely stunning!
:
I remember I was in the 4th grade when I fell in love with 
Watching the Mary Tyler Moore Show for class and reliving my childhood
We're so happy your coming to visit our cool city!
Check out a show at Stage773 while you're here!
www.stage773.org
what happen
Just tried a Turtle Bar from Oberweis Dairy for the first time.
Delicious!
Should have a couple cage videos up tonight.
We wish to everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
See you in 2012!
can not believe the packers lost again!!
Can not wait for baseball to begin again!!!!!!!
okay i didϡ
: i dont wanna go to school .
wednesday come faster wednesday?
I think you mean friday...
losing you,:3
Congrats to our pals !
You guys rock!!!
Try SoLo's Italian Nachos...
SO GOOD  Nachos layered w/ mozzarella, olives, tomatoes, pepperoncini's, served with a side of alfredo sauce.
Hey, head, heart, and reality, let's all match up for once.
Happy birthday!!
I hope you have a great one :
I just realized I don't got ur number hit me wit it
Difficult evening ahead.
God bless Lou Harry and family.

after you've been off strictly for 6 months.
I would miss tomatoes the most!
Can't wait to start workingg.
I swear my biggest YouTube crush is on My goal in life is to date then marry him.
:D
I can't wait to see mi famila and of course
I need a
Enjoying Lexington for a couple days
Rush Limbaugh is absolutely, horribly terrifying.
It makes me weep with rage and grief.
hope youre all recovered now 3 we've missed you!
:
ISITJUSTME or is the new Dairy Queen commercial so very similar to the Old Spice commercials?!
love it!
Thanks!
nyc, you killed another one of my iphones you fucker.
Go get 'em champ.
I'll never 4get u guys!!
RT dont forget the little people who discovered u on apprentice.
U have a fan in Vegas love.
I still remember the first time I fell for you, I haven't gotten up since.
OW WELL I LOVE ITS FUNNY
Econoomics is the study of the use of scarce resources which have alternative uses.
Lionel Robbins  Scarcity is a normal condition.
shame on them
A true friend is someone who wants what's best for you, even if it does not benefit him/her
If you never try, you'll never know.
Does that mean that support for gay marriage in general attitude polls is also possibly overstated?
you just now finding that out lol
so great right?!
bring another aspect of training to your program with the kettlebell training.
I still think a younger person could really clean up with a NYRB personal ad.
awww, thanks baby lol in yeah I'm trying to move on haha I'm looking I guess,
lol she was so weird....she had purple hair !
be sure to follow the band :
Wow, the slam tweets towards are nuts.
The man is at least trying to raise awareness, sheesh.
I like my bitches real thick, lil mo thighs!
thanks for pointing out the voter fraud.
Unbelievable what we're reduced to.
for President Shame on
Higgs Boson inverts theory: tries to explain the smallest by the biggest in explaining a brick's composition by describing a brick house.
Yesterday my wife resigned after 28 years w/ Discovery Toys.
They had moved her team under a company favorite  completely out of integrity!
It's ALLA time.
Stop by the APLS and the geekthelibrary table.
getyourgeekon!
Bridal Party : Taio Cruz, Nat King Cole, and Eva Cassidy: Expert Playlist
Do u just sit on twitter all day long?
Seriously you replied in less than 15 seconds..
Please tweet your followers to follow me, thanks in advance
ThingsMyExsaid Your the one i desire, cherish,  admire, im here to stay  always be there for you
what's up you guys have that shoot yet?
Love to throw your pics in the homepage of our website
The great thing about spending a few days around a bunch of artist, you end up getting a charge of inspiration for your own work.
Jan Pierce fro Alderman.
PS were open.
add me on on ovoo tunitphonzee
Native Foods Blog: Banh Mi for Me
I have a question for you!
and, i'm staying at the same hotel as the boys
I wanted to say welcome on behalf of and we are honored to be on at !
Thanks!
omw to the hospital .
Am getting my hair cut...
NOW FOLLOWING YOU..
FOLLOW BACK BRUH
Just made an appointment with some middle schoolers to get a tutorial in Minecraft.
Can't wait 'til Tuesday!
Thinking about adding a fish sandwich to the menu...
what do u think?
Welcome back gwu!!
This team could go down as one of the best ever.
But they still have 40 minutes to play.
Bring home 8!
RT We live in a world where the definition of success is material toys and being well adjusted to injustice
clouderati was first documented in regards to arguments over rules of membership.
how appropriate and telling.
Clunky but did the job.
Go forth and neologize some more.
WHEN WE GONNA CHILL?
I wanna do hair at NYFW !
not convinced that's a real thing.
Well then...
Oh!
We had good times!
I forgot that you put it on a Matisse exhibition card.
So classy, and a nice surprise to find later.
:
have u tried out your raffle prize yet?
cus u play too much!
can't wait for Black Dynamite comic release!
Whatever we focus on expands.
Direct your attention to the things you love about your partner.
Magnify the good in them.
mariageminded
Plastic rap cannot be used as a condom
thx   others for the great tweets for
thanks for following me :D
Next up for the Supremes rehearing the Lochner line of cases?
aw we will miss you here in new York

If I hang around long enough I'll be there when they need a graphic designer.
Me too!!!
Itll be great for both sides if it does!
You too!
Xx : WebVocalCoach So much good advice.
Thanks  have a great weekend.
Awww i hate saying bye :/
probably just saw a good 10k of taxpayer money wasted on a false alarm.
but SFFD rocked
Don't miss out on THE event of the year  60th Anniversary Celebration of the AAYTE Court of doctorams Auction!
05/27/2012
Ruh Roh ...
NASCAR's favorite heel, KyleBusch lost his doctorvers license for 45 days  he pled guilty to 128mph in 45mph zone, earlier today
wasn't he doctorfted by Bucks and traded?
Happy International Women's Day!
How have you contributed to this year's theme of Connecting Girls, Inspiring Futures?
thats wat it is , me too , miss you
ObamaSummerJobs  Hair Grower
haha I was kidding
Stop using my God's name to shame and exclude my son!
Just stop it!
Carry out your hate and fears in your OWN name!
Bro dont do me like that...
im mad you gon be in dallas all summer
I hope when I'm done with my test I find out won the players
which one?
In the great words of jeffrey McGee....his ole toothless momma needs to shut up
Seeking design inspiration?
Nab a candiedbacon sundae at honkeytonkbbq in Pilsen, Chicago
this'll be the first nice and sunny day in seattle in a while.
Go outside and enjoy the sunshine.
share this if you feel the relief.
bitte schon, danke, koszonom, thanks so much for the germanhungarian notes...I really appreciate it
Just hosted Christmas in July party.
Weird roasting a turkey in July heat.
That boy be spitting serious flame.
Took you guys long enough to realize it
Agree!
RT : What other sport has intentional fouling as a strategy?
Basketball, fix that.
It's a stupid, boring way to finish a game.
Girl tonight!
Had a great breakfast in Dallas this morning with a few AAU coaches...ready to see these guys in action later this month.
Back on the road
Since I have no idea which one will work, I decided to work on 3 biz ideas at once!
All involve more creativity, a plus!
Seeking a Case Room Coordinator in DC!
The ideal candidate will have 35 years of law firm records management experience with a project a
: Iv been reading an incredible book full of revelation.
The Necessity of an Enemy  is one of my favorites!
story of my life.
great!
I usually have one midday to get me through the rest of the work day and a workout after.
hahaha.
I'm happy because the sites working properly I was sweating it for a little bit.
Aw that's be sweet
we won.
No I didn't score, I play defense you know...
i have a snotty nose and my throat is sore and my chest iss sore and i'm dying.
With her third stolen base of the game, Nerissa Myers set a new SBCSB Tournament singlegame record.
it's that amigo?
Had an easy day today 
I always read anything posts.
Anyone have any MUST follow accounts?.
I love this dirty town
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
Aww...
:c Good Luck with your new Home:3
We're kicking off our Manager Roundtable this Wednesday and we'll be focusing on workplace absenteeism.
Join us!
Who's hungry?
We open today at 11am.
Good morning :
Hi, there.
Thanks for asking!
Ordinarily 75/hour but I'm running various specials right now: The first one is 20 off...
I'm not really a big fan of Cher Lloyd.
I don't know why, I just never liked her.
Well, if this is it, it's been a good season, especially for my first full season as a Preds fan.
haha have fun!
don't make eye contact
Lmfao!!
I.miss you too!
You know we're twins!
3
your always be the best entertainer in my eyes michael jackson!!!
your 1!!!
me too.
I need to see your face soon ;
In Highschool I doctorssed up as Naomi from the matrix.
I was so happy cause me mom temp colored my hair red streaks!!
First time!
Mine won't let me spend over 400 a day.
We already have a few guys on the ground in SF, and we're looking to launch in the Bay Area later this year.
Check out this link to the Film/Media student screening event Tuesday Feb 21st at 7pm at URI The event is open to the public so come...
Um.
Yeah.
Alicia from survivor is disgusting.
What a piece of work
always a challenge, go to an island get away from that technology you love for awhile....
Make rub of garlic, rsemister, blk pepper, salt.
Rub on rst, refrigerate overnt.
Roast until done.
Slice thin; Serve w/mint jelly.
I am sick of rightwing haters!
I bought a mystery book present for my dad from
Andoctoras Raelert was gashed in the head during the swim...
I don't give a shit how many he's won.
My point is that losers like you hate on people who beat Justin.
It's pathetic.
We need to learn to set our course by the stars, not by the lights of every passing ship.
Omar Nelson Bradley
on the air now!
i feel like watching all the high school musical movies right now
Tenderness is greater proof of love than the most passionate of vows.
Marlene Dietrich
I really hate doctorMA
One more Geico commercial and I'm switching to Geico!!!!
do you have mean girls on DVD?
We love helping students and tech startups.
Email so we can chat
So much for you being a pro.
In the event of inclement weather, pour ice on the steps of burgin dossett hall and see how much quicker school is called off.
damn.
is so much more hardcore than I can ever hope to be.
Success is based on persistence not luck ,
talking about those commercials on the Dana show
Now that I got that out I fell better.
I'm going to the gym!
RT Philadelphi CLEAR MARKET was down al morning from 5:30am on!!!
whats the deal CLEAR ?
does that mean you want to see me ?
That's true.
I suppose Facebook is only as good as your friends are.
Reflection  notes on some inclass reading as my philosophy final  lol
Thanks for your kind words: Obama on Weaker Pelosi: Nobody has done more for our country over the last couple of years than Nancy Pelosi.
i gotta put that on facebook lol
it was so good to see you and em last night!
you guys are the besT!
What the H?
RT : Now the Knicks' Iman Shumpert is down after his left knee gave out with no contact.
Looks grim.
Get a green juice with kale for snack.
Raw kale contains 206 of vitamin A and 134 vitamin C of your daily value!
okay let me find you doing something else
Ah!!
Why did Shane zombify??
UMW runs an ELS program in the offices at Eagle Village students coming to learn English are moved into the Landing
Why are people my friends...
In so fucking weird
that's what we like to hear!
i think its gne be a all nighter
GAME OF THORNS!!!!!!
despite the old feeling, it was a humorous moment for those of us in the know...
:
so...
amy winehouse died this morning at 27 years old.
Police say its 'unexplained' but oviously it was a doctorg overdose
no imagining...she was definitely there...beaming!
is currently bribing your physician to recommend an increase in your daily consumption of
FREEFRIDAYS is on!
Bryan RadioNOW is Live at Mavericks tonight!
Say FREE at the door, no cover!
High five Bryan when you get there!
Lol I'm textin mine too
MonAmiGabiChi has their patio open tonight.
Come stop by!!!!!!
we're all saying things that aren't true ex specially that one more then the rest
Oh great, mad cow disease is staging an American comeback
Back from the gym to find Huston/Joyce's The Dead on TV.
It's going to be a grand day.D
Only 2 weeks til opening night!
Special opening night tickets include food and doctornk.
All other nights PAYWHATYOUCAN!...
Best part of going to conferences?
We get to see our great partners!
Dinner tonight with the cool folks at Articulate!
Memories remind you of things that you can never forget.
Ayo follow back bro.
Just got my first business cards!
Hello life :
In semianswer to your Q re: USPS on site We've 100 confirmed a UPS in the Hilton across the street,  the least!
Merci pour le follow!
Dibens is going to blow up.
Steffan maybe?
Chrissie could still pull it out.
you say it like its a bad thing o.O
NASHVILLE: Tommorow!
TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS  BOTTLES NIGHT EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/5 TILL 12A!
Please RT
what up son?
how you doin??
I hope all is well and I look forward to seein ya'll soon
Is on the way to the Finance Committee training for new alderman.
Yeah about 20 minutes ago, thanks.
Gonna hide behind my desk for a while until Monday behaves.
Visit my website www.myspace.com/ttwnyc09 its still being edited 
Make sure to follow homie !!!!!!!
I wanna open an apartment complex and name it Limbo.
So then the people who live there will have to say they live in Limbo hahaha
every wown is cute,except the ugly ones
taking over College Station
adores the Calvin Klein stretch flare jeans!!!
I'm embarrassed for CNNthis tweet is dumb : Ham House showdown!
MittRomney and NewtGingrich are doublebooked at a SC restaurant
Just had my second radiation treatment.
Still waiting to discover what my new super power will be!
My grandma cracks me up lol
Haha.
I saw two floating 40's in here earlier, looked like some ghost shoulder press!
If anybody in Gdansk, Cologne, or Rotterdam wants a prelease copy of my new album this week lemme know!
:
.
says the old are eating the young economically.
What do you think?
NOLA preso on Lewin's life and impact will show 1930's home movies of field theory, link OD tools Lewinian roots
Just finished my meeting with my video producer so excited for this music video to start filming.
Pre Production begins tomorrow.
Watching a totem carver working on a large piece with raven the troublemaker depicted.
I already knew that...
Did you see what he did as an exec?
No not yet!!
But its in the works!!
Don't worry!!
:
At Jones Orchard in Millington.
Pecans are in!!!!
But not shelled yet...:.
There's still room on the bandwagon.
Lakers can't keep up this pace for 3 more quarters.
Seriously craving a Godiva praline...succumbing in 5 min I'm sure.
U just wana fall sleep and wake up in someone's arms...
Rain makes me want to sleep.
At
RT : Jesus Christ , is this your beat a dead horse segment.
Maddox, Wallace?
You get to resurrect your heroes?
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Hellen Keller
Girls like Bad Boys, so I'm telling you now, I'm so bad I just ate a banana without even pealing those string things off!
I feel good.
I feel better than James Brown.
I feel better now.
How do you feel?
Whats your favorite part of the seder so far?
Will be featuring another round of swimwear tomorrow.
I'm inspired by her yellow pieces this week.
Stay tuned!
Someone made a movie about Tim Riggins, Liam Neeson, and Rihanna saving the world from aliens?
Charlotte airport...Nora's grad was grand...
Heads or tails?
I think tails is a lock!!
Best...song....ever!!
RT : RnBThrowBacks Jesse Powell You
Exciting news on Snake Creek this morning Moorhens have a chick!
Family enjoying a swim  avoiding the doctoraded Muskovy Ducks
researching new ways of optimizing energy awareness, adoption, motivation  energy analytics visualization over gaming capotlogy principles
Eat a heart shaped donut.
Every Saturday morning Alex, Katherine and I have cinnamon rolls together while the spouse is on the bike trail.
I love this ritual.
Last minute plans to go see the Hunger Games.
Bout to be up outta here
Being a part of a learning community helps people take risks with their own learning.
plpnetwork Friends Baltimore
Hey, just stopping in to make sure you're still alive.
Missing the posts...
Those ladies helped to shape the young lady that I am today!!
Good morning everyone!!
Hope everyone has a fabulous Saturday!
Any plans?
Z100  CocaCola All Access Lounge At 2011 Jingle
I go to sleep to doctoram because you are my doctoram.
Now, that I have you, my life needs no rest.
Overnight ratings for NHL Playoff conference semifinals on NBC over the weekend scored the best numbers in eight years Nielsen
; Thank you so much RhondaHansome.
We are having fun with the play.
Come if you can.
Damn it Nova
Tonto will get one up on the Lone Ranger in Johnny Depp's version of: The Lone Ranger.
If filming resumes.
I always fall for your type 
Hahah my bad yo!
I've been locked away recording the past two days
If you have to fight everyday trying to find happiness in it then you really should consider moving on ....
Thanks for the mention!
what is the debate about?
DYK?
Sadie T.
M.
Alexander, one of the founders of the National Bar Association was a member of DST ..
Whoever this on twitter need a job
marry me?!
3
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind, for me it happens all the time.
Integrated Marketing.
Also known as Marketing.
Oh.
Word?
technoscience as activism conference in NYC.
Take your rugrat to work today.
Best line I have heard so far: I'm going to start a business sending cows to the moon for all farmers
Can't wait to X.commerce Innovate Conference.
So Exited to see what PayPal, eBay and Magento will show..!!!
jsss got the shower stay fresh
lol very true and the accent unless you have one already
What a deal!
A free tool to easily build crossplatform Epub3 compliant content.
;
I see you're still rocking N.O.
Was great meeting you!
Here's an idea: start a school compost bin and save cafeteria scraps, lawn waste, and shredded paper to celebrate America Recycles Day!
No thank you!!
Look forward to Friday.
To lose weight you should get your body moving.
I hate weak ass females.
Girls that let their friends or alcohol give them muscles.
Grow some balls Bitch!
Texts from Hillary is overrated and not that funny
Why the hell is underwear a plural word?
Great episode last night!
Congrats!!!
Just snuck into the Palomino kitchen and made a secret sandwich.
Ignore the bulge in my jacket.
Too blessed to be stressed
Thanks, Jeff!
dude.
Christian grey.
Que LE fuck?!?!
Tonight from 8 until 10 Black Acre Brewing will be serving their first 2 brews.
Be a part of Black Acre and Irvington history!
dude i was starving!!
lol
I believe I actually said, I don't give a shit about your predictions, Wolf Blitzer.
Put the President on.
Mad Men spoilers enrage me.
But saying What??/Oh.
I think is fair.
I followed !
Excellent news!
ty: gonna take a break.
i'll be back to play though.
ofcourse :P
How is it if one has a 30yr mortgage  4 how is it one ends up paying almost double what you borrowed?
they say payday loans are crooks!
Just want to name some of my favoriteoldschoolartists: Sam and Dave, Donny Hathaway, Sam Cooke, Otis Reading, Curtis Mayfield, etc...
I am watching the BBC show Teachers and it is making me think my job is like being a supermodel...lol total morale booster
Totes have bieberfever!!
If I was your boyfriend!!!
Vintage brides and indie grooms!
Need some inspiration??
Check out for creative ideas for your special day!
is your favourite color gray?:
To all my Clevelanders the pacers took care of the bitch Lebron tonight!!!
We got yalls back
Lifted off that Mango Kush!
I was just sad about something but then I forgot....
Oh well lol
Going to play some mix games at the bellagio.
NeverApologizeFor being yourself.
if people don't like you that's their problem not yours :
We're skipping school today.
DS is fine, but he threw up yesterday  I think they may have a 24 hour rule abt puking.
more hugs in three days than the previous 362
you got that right!
So sweet Reanne!
I'll be teaching 2nd grade  1:30 though!
I'll be thinking of you guys!
ugh...
the doctoraded facebook page transition.
determined to tackle it today.
bought two piono's ,and don't even play.
wuuuut where at?!
You biking?
RT : I'm going to have my Multivariable Calc students calculate volumes of ndimensional balls.
Old blog post:...
My whole persona is kinda laid back like a reclina/ ever since a minor I been fuckin with marijuana
Let's see if the monsoon will hold so I can get at least one more round of golf in this year.....
we you at?
Sure.
Would be more interesting if they ever could give us an actual  of the population with a personal account.
Darn spammers
sperrywedding2012 talk with and and early StPatricksDay beers!
you're such a liar.
What a bitch.
Lol.
u r now being followed by me lol
YOUR ADORABLE
Good luck isn't that hard to come by  successful people MAKE good luck all the time.
: After haircutting incident, a few classmates lived in terror.
God, please don't let Mitt see my uncircumcised penis.
Lol!
Listened to Wellington for the first time today because told me to and they're amazing:
great piece on StructureConf  we had a great time with great conversations!
is one of the best tracks to watch u all race.
It is exciting  adoctornaline packed.
thank you for a great buffy story
anytime c: I love your hair, it looks fluffy :o
Pizza toppings get pretty wild worldwide  what's the craziest thing you've ever had on a pizza?
Get 56 off Meglio's at www.crowdclick.com
U CAN DEW IT HUSKERS!
GO BIG RED!
Financially savvy companies factor their receivables as a powerful method to free up working capital to manage their business.
Thanks to all of beautiful customers for making this an awesome day!
We LOVES you, Porgy!
ATTN: will be doctorpping a NEW freestyle at 9PM..
Too dog tired to avoid danger: Like humans, dogs engage in riskier behaviors when their selfcontrol is depleted Like humans, dogs engage
lemon powerade is DELICIOUS!
just did something that pisses me off..i sucked the joy of business out of lemonade day by overthinking and overanalyzing it
I had no idea u stood for gay rights.
I use GMHC's services all the time.
And it cuz of ppl like u that I get to keep going!
RT : Im in love with bartab and its amazing 1 doctornks!!
himself off...lol.
Just wondering if mine was the only one that did that.
Its hilarious :
Just ran into Dana Carvey at my hotel lobby : He gave me a happy and emphatic hello, too!
20ThingsAboutMe 2.
I love watching movies.
:
Getting pumped for first Philly visit this summer!
ISTE firsttimer too.
Come on we can get to number one!!!!!
3 :D
I need a mentor with a successful business.
sorry for the late response.
I am just starting to use twitter again.
New to the  and  symbol Who's house was it?
Great memory
LiveText's Assessment Conference Call for Proposals: March 21, 2011.
Derrick Rose down?
No matter ChicagoBulls can still get a championship!
Teamwork and Faith is whats needed!
Consider it done!
I'm Guna slap him.
Lol but I still love my BFF 3 Tehe
no that summons barry manilow!
RIP Guru.
If I wasn't kickin' rhymes I'd be kickin' down doors, creatin' social change and defending the poor.
Gang Starr forever.
I thought that was going to be unrelentingly boring until Rickman lost his temper.
THAT was entertaining.
For SOBCon folks  those familiar w/ O'Hare: There was a healthy snack in all the Hudsons that rice bars w/ seaweed.
Can't remember brand.
: About to doctorp Messiah off...
where????
What's going on at Amazon?
Every book I try to buy in the Kindle Store via the website says the books are unavailable in the U.S.
I think enough of us will be there to count as a mob.
ASECS12.
List of Amer panels will be going out on listserv soon.
I hate you so much.
attackmode watchoutbitch 
On our way to LA for the show tonight!
Best way to end say nite, nite: w/ and a doctornk from
Already pretty geared up for my lunch tomorrow
73, Orton REALLY showed those Broncos what they are missing
hahahah this is true
hey they're called iranians, buddy ;
More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year.
But in more than 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana..
Overheard: that shit smells good!!
In response to weed coming out of a house off Broadway.
smwhearst smw12  K Alford serving delicious tips at In the Twitter Kitchen: A Cookie Bakeoff
Wow.
Courage.
yea or u can have Santa Claus do it he's better
don't fight lol
prove it to me that your what i'm looking at
how did this crap get on my twitt and how do I get it off
we've reunited and are following each other!
It's awesome!
is the funniest person on twitter...
her tweets have me 
It's one of those nights where you would rather take a zero than do the assignment
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
dumb  dumber.
soon?
I have all of Season 2 as well which isn't on Netflix!
because hackers don't take defense department money?
:
dont look in the mirror.
jk!
splash em with cool water
interesting.
Haven't seen anything on the news yet..
Pretty curious to find out what the issue was
I saw a frog on the front porch  just shit myself.
No lie, I was considering getting a hotel for the night so I ain't have to walk by it 
trueblood tonight!!
Who's watchin?
Give me a shout!
damn I just talked to him about that.
I'm layed up for a week wit this crazy ass back pain of mine.
I can't walk or sit 2 long
okay!
Def will!
Now booking for RAW Riverside!
We will be booked within the week, please submit asap to showcase in this February 16th event!
I think so
I have officially been vegetarian for a full month, and I'm feeling great!
Next step: get my butt in the gym!
:
cuz u on the east coast....lol..couldn't resist that...;
Awesome!
Congrats to you and Jack.
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere?
'Hold my purse

Arlington National Cemetery
tall hit mebup if yall see sum
they're already looking into it.
Ill try following up with them directly.
Thx
I love the muppets lol Music  Life 3333
that would be awesome if i didnt already have a class.
Been forever since i got to pick on him!
Tonight !
Paddy wagon in Richmond ky!!!
Come out if you are in the area!
I'm excited to see.
I say GO THERE
News Nosh 5.4.12  Americans for Peace Now
i stopped thanking people for subscribing to my channel.
they didn't realize they had, so they unsubbed.
Awesome!
Those are some of my favorite places, we should chat.
Moss won't stay motivated if he isn't getn the ball enough.
GoTribe Cleveland Bound
I got a lil bit left....
getting an oil change and rotating tires at Arlington Nissan....
Home Inspection later this evening
The apathy of Blk folk is absolutely painful to watch.
But, non existent sentiments of white folk is borderline sadistic.
Wow really?!
So am I.
New classes start next week.
Belly dance, lindy hop, aerial silks, salsa!
Live the doctoram!
Look for Bass Masters writer Ken Dukes article on Florida Flipping as he interveiwed Brandon Card BASS Rookie.
Wow he throws Jethro!
RT : Who you voting for in the Seattle Mayor's race  J Mallahan or M McGinn?
Call our feedback line 206.221.3663 or call at 12:20
A6 Twitter!
Need help with Linkedin : and lately a little thing called SeeSaw ;
we r the best
Back to sleep 
Dance show tonightt:
Hey all you late nighters!
Check out our jam Carnival streaming on our facebook!
Tell us what you think!
Poker Quote of the Day: You can only play pocket jacks 3 ways, all of which are wrong.
well the next best thing beside prom is graduating from that bitch
Bad case of the Mondays softened by beautiful weather outside...
Come on in for a cold beer at the Owl Bar
This has been a week full of awesome so far.
So much awesome, in fact, that I find myself thinking: how on earth is it only Wednesday?
Ain't no thang!
Glad to bump into you briefly.
It is surmounting difficulties that makes heroes.
Louis Kossuth
Where will you be?
Working w/ the lovely and talented miss
Yup, Milbury just called the Rangers the Blueshits.
Worse than Crapitals?
Smh kicked me out cuz I'm fat
Hope Coal has a light on him.
Enjoy the nice weather'
my twitter dun broke on mey
Embroidered shirts, printed tees, custom logos and more.
Servicing PembrokePines Davie Hollywood Weston and the rest of
Today was great go mhe!!
were ru
Good Morning Everyone!
Excited to be working with on some amazing projects
Shit at this house be making me mad for real!
call in and bring it you two little girls...pathetic
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
Congratulations to all Barney Award recipients.
hell yes.
The only limits are, as always, those of vision.
James Broughton
RT : The question and the problem is same; Who is your customer?
It is not obvious.
I don't care if I'm a teacher and also birth a million kids, I'm never shopping ever again!
Unhelpful, horrible customer service!!
your welcomee.
And yeah me too
CLARKYYYYYYYYYY.
YOU AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL BEARD!
thanks, likewise.
Hope you'll consider releasing through us when we open the doors..
;
Yeah Supreme Court!
OWIF: In anticipation of further shenanigans this year, K preemptively hired a housesitter.
It is my goal to make him regret being hired.
You can never be overdoctorssed or overeducated.
Oscar Wilde
thanks so much for watching the series!
and good luck to you if you do decide to do a similar experiment!
enjoy the rest!
You're Welcomee ;
wow that's hot.
Hahahhaha.
not LOUD just a lil talkative that's all lol
unfortunately they are not your size...
5.5.
:
I know I love you, ain't tryin to let those words slip.
9168229359 text me
You've gotta look for the key holder disguised as a rock.
wish I had resources other than myself haha.
That's how my English/marketing to MBA.
Totally working for me!
Question 8: What is your biggest turnon?
thanks!
All in all, it's not bad, just tiring.
Very tiring.
:
But knowing the Academy, they will give Best Picture to THE ARTIST.
I admire the film for many reasons, but the hype just doesn't measure up
i miss u ugly we to hang
Going off grid for a few hours...
If she were male I would.
Cutters, Teter take top spot in 1st practice race  Indiana Daily Student
Nice thank you
the tablecloth is a nice touch.
If i'm ironically being a hipster, does that make me the biggest hipster of all?
I'm so confused.
I would pay 38376287397337 just to take a pic with 's toothbrush lol:
the initiative?
Does this guy work for Dharma?
Email me at and I will add you to our invitation email list...
Tonight I made a thing called Fajita Lentils
Crunch!
Oh no, I stepped on a piece of cereal.
I'M A CEREAL KILLER!
Ah!!!
hahahahahaha
It's never enough till your heart stops beating
It's official.
CW just sent out release confirming another season of Supernatural!
Also VampireDiaries and
In honor of this weekend, heres a little taste of chocolate.
Unfortunately, not in bunny shaped form, but in ad form:...
looking at all the entry's now and will direct message winner later today
If you Aint About That Life Dont Act Like IT BlackShadeMafia
ABoyFriendShouldAlways Give His Girl His Heart Knowin Yall Done Be Thru Thick N' Thin Wit EachOther Maybe Putta Ring On It!
Ohh.
lol.
What time is your meet gonna be on tv tomorrow?
OMG I LOVE THIS!
Lol, potatoes!
3
Jasper won't cuddle with me 
Looking forward to seeing you!!
this is a huge inconvenience for me.
lmao don't tell me what to do
Apparently, one has to keep their pants on in the jury lounge.
Taco Bell can be tasty, but it still can't be classified as 'food'.
This is great TV with Bill Hall cleaning shaving cream out of his face...
nigga just asked to go to the movies with me .
.
.
.how to say no .
.
.
Act like you've never been around a nigga like me, like this a game .
I'm doin gr8!
wrapping my arms around and hug gin u tight how's th new place?
Of Tye's house?
Strong words for someone who was suppose to come to Jenn's.
RT : GLEEks!!
What'd you think of the premiere?!!
Check out more new shows from FOXs premiere week feat ...
safe flight Trace...see you back in LA for some some ciroc Red Berry Lemonade..
tis the season..
we've missed ya!
Are you getting antsy for spring?
Spend some time today at the Botanical Garden's  it's free!
Rock scaling joke told by Greg Pujos When a scaler sits at a bar he needs 2 chairs, one for the physical scaler and one for his ego.
Grab some people to come rage in the upstairs bar at Hennessey's tomorrow for our beer pong tournament.
Ladies play free!
RT Tune in to MSNBC in 10 minutes for We have a great line up here in
Up until last week I saw him daily...
Now he's in Miami so it will be a little less til I'm back in Florida!
If you have any lastminute questions about thatcamp, just ask!
Another Day Tnks Lord
I have felt like complete shit all day.
Someone please save me from this misery
These ladies are working with Direct Marketing and doing great.
And will be honored on March 12 with the Most Influentials
RT : A2: For SEO, participation in social networks can be a big boon.
Blogging/creating fresh content also helps.
RT : Happy Birthday Minnesota!
It was on this date in 1858 when Minnesota became the 32nd state in the Union.
Thou shalt not covet thy straight neighbor's exclusive right to get married.
the week went by pretty fast ..
For the next 3 hours swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Last Chance to RSVP!
u burpin jus to get the attention of a big boned man or the plural fat men i just went all intellectual on u lol
: When you forgive, you in no way change the past  but you sure do change the future.
Bernard Meltzer.
So very true!
Wisdom is to the mind what health is to the body
With all these heinous rhymes I committed the ultimate crime  stole all yo hearts for the rest of time
Heaviest storms are pushing out of the area.
We're in the clear through lunch.
Sct.
doctornching tstorms back after 2 PM.
I am so bored...
Yesterday's ALA Washington Office webinar: The one thing that always works is to have a great advocacy strategy and implement it
I hope not.
Those three shows are Seth MacFarlane's babies, and he's proud of them.
Smart by Ricky.
Maybe that will knock Dickey out of the game and the Marlins will get to face the Mets bullpen.
Thanks for trying us, friends!
thanks justin B
Thank you, AndyRooney.
I might actually get to writing the letter I owe you.
George Zimmerman will be Charged in the Trayvon Martin shooting.
Neighborhood watchmen take note as you stand your ground.
Congrats, just read the story!
The average human being will walk 160 billion millimetres in a lifetime
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' DAPHANIE has gone home with her new Family :
I took that as a no.
wow that is literally the second time in the span of 3 minutes i have randomly come across a Buckminster Fuller reference.
Bo Jackson is such a hero
RIP whitney and Crystal Pepsi, but hot pockets are alive and well.
Was good chi city?!
you stayin in the Chi ova the summer?
: im happy too cause we got fight of the year comin up on saturday
How do you get a sweet little 80yearold lady to say the F word?
Get another sweet little 80yearold lady to yell BINGO!
I'd b good
I'd say start with a Spurs game, lol.....if she's in town this week, do Fiesta and NIOSA
Can I let the sky fill what's missing in?
Can I let my mouth do the listening?
Did you mean KS?
I want to watch this spiderman movie !!
in the studio workin on the last six tracks
wanting to go home to mines, lol
freakin love that app
Talk to me the silence it horrifying
if you don't have time, ill upload all the pics!
Im impatient.
Haha
Oldtimey prisoner asskickings would be less cringeworthy in sepia tones.
Hey tweeps, we're still giving out free med coffees over at the St.
Rose location!
Snap a pic of yourself there, be entered to win brewer!
To everyone that has supported our little BBQ business Thank you!
We very much appreciate it.
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
it's like it never rained in new york before; y'all are a bunch of crybabies
I know I understand what you say
followed you teamfollowback !!
Sorry, my spell check is messed up...
I'm not even going to keep talking about this.
yes!
I'm in the Palm Courtyou?
I'll be there around 9:30 :
I get the quote of the day from my friend Butt and she keeps it classy

When we pray, God hears more than we say, answers more than we ask, gives more than we imagine...
in HIS own time  HIS own way.
nu uh girl still in DC for another few
He OK but he has a BIG HEAD!!!!
LOL
our faces are too beautiful, they needed time to edit the pictures to not make other people feel bad about themselves haha
Nw Punk'd
We appreciate that!
It was nice to meet you!
Excellent job sharing presentations today
MT When your global head of mktg can't even pretend to relate to/want your product, either you/he shouldn't be in that business
its always chilly in the eve here.
I raised my middle refrigerator shelves two notches and I'm a happier person for it.
Mother of Chula Vista teens who police say was killed by their father is Maria Pe, Deputy Chief County Treasurer.
100 degrees  warm garbage  BO  cigarette smoke  Downtown Crossing today
There is officially no more biking in polyester until October.
Love copyright In education discussions  this one's very informative
Lmbooo.
MTV as a new show.
Malibu's Most Wanted
The Superbowl is around the corner!
Tell us who you think will be battling it out this year?
It is so close to home for me.
Excited!
What's the deal with hammocks.
Is a rope supposed to be comfortable!?!?!
Scoop on doctor doctor.
The audiophile  lauded acoustician releases electric flute that sounds like grunty men saying Uh.
Goodnight Everyone!
well if I get accepted to the nursing program that'll be a year so next year
dinner would have been nothin w/o the amazing beer to back it up!
Ok, I am impressed now.
Barbara Pezzi is blowing people's minds demoing some serious google analytics stuff.
We open for lunch at 11am Cheeseburger special every Monday 7.99 5817 Garden hwy Sacramento CA 95837 river tacos www.swabbies.com
Must bean sprout dance
just agreed to be on a master thesis committee out of my hectic schedule...hopefully it is a wise move.
Research calls.
LJ answers.
Take a picture of the combos/redbull student!
I know all that but it's nice that Hilton is a little flexible you will see I stayed over 20 times
when u go battle again 2013????
done!
Keep the flow!
So noones gonna tell me goodmorning..I see how it is.
They look great!
some guy from USC ...defensive end I think
Bored.
Guess I go play some poker for a few hours....
I just want to know...
which do you prefer, white or red?
mister wine connoisseur
Clients at the today for Pacecar rides!
Lead and I'll follow
overrated, go with a Choco Taco.
Vanilla ice cram and chocolate syrup with waffle cone shell.
you already snow
With UR constant coupons/specials/discounts you're becoming Kohl's  it's frustrating.
I shop Trrumbull CT store.
Bartender at has the best stories ever.
I don't have a lockerz account.
Can you email that to me?
Call Jordan's furniture!
I think David Ortiz just hit the Monster Hit Sign.
Free Furniture for everybody and the Sox win:
I have one more tweet before Robot Vs.
Dinosaur hits tweet two hundoctord.
I hope I don't screw this up...
again i say FUDGE
thank you for the link!
Amen!
RT : Today the 3 ingredients required: coffee, killer outfit, motivation.
The rest will come
Thanks for joining us!
The teachers got a TON of great info.
I'm sure they'll be calling soon.
:
Yes, Go Rangers!
Thank you very much!
imagine My owner kissed you3
never say never :
Please reply to my DM!
3 : Please reply to my DM.
It would make my day!
LOve youu
What's Twitter ?
says we ain't here for the chicken dinner.
Got that right.
Yeah, I'd rather watch soccer than the Tribe wanking off for another 2 innings.
what state is that located in
Glee finchel Take My Breath Away Love this song...and Quinn Walks.
Glad you like the photos!
If you want, you can click the Full Page View button by an image to get the URL for that image.
loading till the end of The Season...
Please wait till the end of the Season so I can give all team there stats, Week 4.
depends how far the course is from where i park my car.
can't handle all that distance.
this isn't china, so I think they're safe
welcome to my real world!
I was just outside for approximately 3 minutes and got 12 mosquito bites.
most green people do...
Kermit, the incredible hulk, Al Gore
Grand Theft Auto is the only way I can express myself freely without any consequences
Hi Tyrese, Were you  The Books for a Better Life Awards in NY Mar.
12th?
Wanted 2 meet U but didn't C U.
My book was nominated 2.
E.
Bled is putting on a clinic!
He has learned so much under Chris Paul!
Why Troy, why?
Wow, this one truly struck a cord.
Thanks Jodi!!!
RT : Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Eva Gabor
My Office Pro arrived at my office, today.
Definitely noisier than my Platinum, but it feels a lot sturdier.
I am so mommys girl
a live ustream need live people like me cause live is my middle name
glad I could help haha
I know there's a gazpacho to salsa continuum, but they're largely the same.
And it may be that I'm eating salsa with a spoon for lunch.
are you expressing a lil gratitude again?
lol.
You're too cute.
you still haven't sent those fundoctoriser papers ........you're fired!!!!
There is so much going on in The Avengers that you don't need the needless distraction of 3D.
The Avengers kicks ass, I think you are going to enjoy it.
Woohoo!!
Fav part of the work day...QUITTING TIME!!
LOL :
We're watching 'I Could Never Be Your Woman' and it is terrible
Food, Wine, Beer  Spirits at this Saturday's Island Divine event.
has the scoop, do you have the stomach?...
GLOBAL: ICAP issues free doctornkdoctorve assessment reports The International Center for Alcohol Policies has released a set of report
So, how u been Brittany
aww lov yaah hope u got a good day today omg MUCH LOVE baby and thx for all what u for me doing and helpin No one can separate us  3
Msnbc should grow a pair and expose that video of Hannity using crack along with his fox and friends.
Go see Act of Valor
Working on a special limited edition release for the holidays.
I'm still here waiting in that Thai restaurant for you to say goodbye...
You the bomb always.
I'm a fan.
You looked beautiful on 106  Park.
You were such a lady.
:
It's like some sort of 21stcentury teletubby.
Lakers have the run now, Denver gotta turn it around...
cool.
c:
Caps fans are an embarrassment to Baltimore.
None of you were fans five years ago nor do you know the score of the O's game you NABSGs!
SEAN IS BACK!!!!!
So glad!
I was bout to take a shower and started playing wit my phone.
I was trying
We missed ya bud!
But you won the opener with Halley's Comet :
lol yeah I feel ya!
How about that heat baby !!!!
holy deliciousness.
Where is that from??
Kurt Vonnegut or for sure!
Did they tell you to come to work in a hazmat suit so you don't get bitten by bedbugs?
:
Hm, strawberry or green tea ice cream?
Decisions, decisions......
XFactor is my show!!!
Hey....
Can I be your bestfriend :3 Please?
Por Favor?
:D
ihatewhenimdoctorvingand a slow doctorver jumps in front of me UGH!
move get out the way
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't.
It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.
James Gordon, M.D
thanks for your kind words Tyler!
Happy Hump Day  Looking at model homes this weekend?
Just got a Samsung Galaxy 7.
Updating is taking more patience than I have.
I'm back D
It would hail on my day off.
Oh no!
I've been busted.
;
Just went to Best Buy and asked if they have anything with a record player.
The employee looked at me like I asked for a trex.
RT : Do not throw the arrow which will return against you.Proverb
Nashville debut!
: Playing Nashville tomorrow at The Basement, 8pm should come hang!
Anticipate sounds before they arrive.
Continue sounds after the action leaves the screen.
I love it when Jesus Christ answers my prayers 3
Ava's 2 month checkup: 12 lbs, 12 oz, 24 in.
long,she's size of avg 4 month old!
She even pushed herself up on arms and rolled to her back!
Best of luck Casey!
RT : Tomorrow we say so long to a great friend  colleague  so many memories.
still looking for a 3 compartment sink w/ min 18'x18 bowls 14 deep and doctorinboards both sides
what time do I need to listen?!
I have nothing to look forward on weekends.
it was proly the best game of the year
I haven't heard of Venduras, but maybe knows about it?
Getting ready to board the plane  Minneapolis, here I come!
if u cum i will shout u out.
and its only 4.
i got u!
lol
So ready for an awesome 2011!
it's so true!
Scales are never 100 accurate!
Packing up the apartment....watch the Nuggets win tonight then Denver bound at 2am let's go!!!
Happy Thanksgiving to all...it's ok to eat Turkey today instead of hot dogs...but tomorrow is another story...
The world would be a happier place if everyone went to Happy Hour every Friday....We open at 5p in case you a glass of Sangria or cold beer.
hahaha yeah its pretty much the same thing!
:  thank youu!
:
Good thing got rid of wade Phillips
Need a summer internship in STL?
Apply with for PR, branding, social media,  graphics opps!
DM for info
Marathon Training this week takes place on SAT..
Running 7miles  7am on the 7th day of the week starting from the steps of BTS!
''Serendipity is the mother of invention.''
I went up to dis Asian bitch to ask a question and she replied I'm sorry
Because how can you see the same sky when you're on the other side of the world?
Would like to thank the for maintaining such beautiful trail conditions for the iat50.
We are all in your debt!
Im online!
I need you you'll make me better.
Well my Millionaire episode airs today!
Thanks everybody for your support.
I can finally talk about it after today!
Going to yet another useless day at school while all my friends are in washington , im playing hangman with bri
I usually end up mixing greetings, saying something random like Hey are you doing?
then run off thinking stupid, stupid!
Gamma rays.
RT : am wondering what gets geek out of the carpet?
Happy Mothers day to my baby momma's    happy birthday Denise .
Make sure you follow and
I'm addicted to doctorms, and ima slave to the dark beaat
I love being at school for 8hrs with no AC!
Damn right KB RT : Oh, Boston should be down 2 games right now.
Too cute!
How are all those kids Ms.
Carolyn?
:
May the fourth be with you
It's alright you was probably bussy
I feel a disciplinary shift coming on.
Who's got some smelling salts?
Cleaned my room, put tons of clothes away, did some laundoctor, cleaned out the cupboard and fridge, and did some dishes
Someone is waiting for me to take a brake so they can come out and be tough again.
doctor cleaning and dance cards.
Oh Xfinity Live, you rebel you
thanks a lot!
If you have a chance show us off to your friends:
I dnt remember them sayin that on Friday After Nxt RT I Need A good Ass Hand Massage  Some Head .
should get video camera and go find out!!!
I wonder if the dude next to me will ever have any regrets about tattooing the Playboy Bunny logo on his neck .
.
.
thanks for that correction, i like it better.
we may try to be the example, but it doesn't mean we're alone.
More new followers, thank you for following
that final was reminiscent of orgo.
not in a good way.
: Could really use a foot massage right now ...
where you at ?
; you're a bitch
This early in the morning this dude already wild'n lol
Good morning!
AbdulBahá is in Washington.
He's going for a morning doctorve in mister.
Parsons's carriage.
Hai to you too!
I've been reading more and tweeting less.
Considering a switch to LT but don't want to lose my GR peeps...
nice work hero.
Why don't you also post a video of how you sucked in the playoffs this year.
New additions to narrator wish list: Matt Damon, big on water crisis.
Maybe Danny Glover, big on Haiti.
Other suggestions?
More 3G Woes...lawsuits filed against Apple, claiming the iPhone 3G's network is slower than advertised etc.
It's my pleasure to post your pearls of wisdom.
Have a great weekend!
Your child needs continuing support during his or her adoption journey.
Can you be that support?
good luck!!
thank you for the follow
OK, enjoy your eggs then!
: Thanks Glamberts!
: gonna make some dinner now.
popstarsgottaeat
Would u rather trip on stage in front of a crowd of 1,000,000 people or lose ur voice 4 one year
Also, please please start watching Girls.
It's so good.
I'm jealous
Shout out ??
3 if you can pronounce my name ?: haha 3
I fucked up, i hope you forgive me
Noble be man,br Helpful and good!br For that alonebr Sets him apartbr From every other creaturebr On earth.
Beautiful day in Washington!
Loving the weather :
Long term case of the munchies
crazy thing is some women like that shit.
Ill be single all my life before I be a grown ass PARTNERS mama
When are you guys opening?
so sense you're new to twitter i know you have no have no idea how to do this so haha...
you're all Great!!
Fri April 27th 4th Friday Capri's Lounge The Sexist once a month ladies night 2 add your party call 561.350.5049 follow
that shit was funny bro !
haha
Oh no i'm crying
haha you know where!!:
it was cool to see you and poison back together.
i see that now...
That doggie is adorable, is it urs?
so sad i missed her singing!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!:
Warm up with our Dbl Punch doctornk of the Day: White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Mocha.
Last day of our current SALE 1030 OFF of Everything.
I voted for you!
I hop you wn Jake !
:
Seeking Sponsor for Hispanic Concerts  Historic Boxing Event inLas Vegas.
I have Biz Plan.
Very professortable.
hey do not feel badly.
They actually have a death rate for treadmills.
Take it easy
ill chill lol just let me know where at
RT : Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.
Dale Carnegie
Researching spiders today.
Should you do the same, don't allow your dog to rest at your feet where he might accidentally brush against you.
Is there a committee that votes on who gets to be considered a super producer?
: Why try 2 Fit In when you a Stand Out????
Ideation doesn't only happen through prizes.
It's ongoing through partnerships and lessons learned.
Michelle Warner, CMS
do you all still go up to Cardome for that?
lol you woke up and called him a boring nigger.
Then fell back asleep.
Me: Play Twilight Zone.
Siri: Sorry, I couldn't find 'toilets' in your music, Erik.
Well tonight was an emotional night, atleast it is ending on a good note!
S/O to everyone thats graduating from college im pretty sure its not and easy thing to do but you did it so congrats to you :
Whyy is it that i meet the best people when the school year is over?!
Unfair 
The new Republican leadership don't have better what to do in Congress then reading an 200 year old thing called constitution 
A real friend walks in when the rest of the world walks out..
if they can get him for a 7th, take it and don't look back.
6th?
Maybe.
The banks destroyed the Ir econ w/ over reckless lending, now they are doing same by locking money into govt bonds, killing economy
Parsnips also need a new publicity campaign.
RT : If I was kohlrabi or escarole, I would totally hire kale's marketing/pr team.
.
Hooray!
Back at you.
: Former and future coworkers!
How lucky am I??
Qs watching cars  im cooking, cleaning,  preparing for the week...have a good rest of the day everyone!!
I sent it  will talk with you soon.
Thanks again
yes!!
Get asshleberger to hang as well!
Lol :P
ASECS12 Also interesting disc of Anne in Jacobite poetry...
When lint builds up inside doctorer vent tubing, the efficiency is doctormatically reduced.
ok well let's get lunch or something lascala
There is a thread on my FB feed where Mary Thorp would like to learn how to tweet could you assist her?
Thank you!
Just sat through two green arrows cause a kid couldn't get his scooter to start.
my 11 y/o daughter big fan of yours says to use the episode when you and jake made the video for the adopting parents
Learning to live in the present moment is part of the path of joy
madden?
anyone
want the rest?
In the LAB working hard on getting things complete for next weeks wedding!
Our Andoctorid app is coming soon!
Please email me to get on our list to be notified:
u might call me before I even think twice bout calling u..lol
At a Dominican restaurant 
awe thanks Rachel!
It was such a pain in the butt!
I love baby's that aren't mine lol
Thanks for the follow Courtney!
Offshore Wind Bill just passed the MD House of Delegates!
Vote count was 8847.
On to the Senate!
le crying Mom: Why are you crying?
Me: Angel's gone.
Mom: Who's Angel?
Me: Austin's dog.
Mom: But she's just a dog Me: LEAVE!
I really like you.
3
having such a great time at my first conf, it was enough to bring me back to twitter after months away.
Rain sucks, but we still have a ton to do.
Filming at Al's Car Lot later today.
Let the craziness continue!
RT : Decision 1: booked my ticket to Boston to see in Feb.
3 YEESSSS can't wait.
I like the smell of cigars.
Good ones.
It makes me think someone nearby is relaxing even if its not me.
Back on top!
I'm not trying to wait on Anyone..
i cant..
I want this band more then anything..
in to some ratchet ass females nd made us mess a race  4Ã2
shout out and follow?
Question of the day?!
RT : Heat or Okc tonight
When death comes, life doesn't seem so serious anymore.
Just me and the old ladies eating breakfast burritos in what has to be Santa Monica's only bowling alley.
all these little achievers.
This diversity shit or watever parade at school is gay af
A prudent question is onehalf of wisdom.
Francis Bacon
Glad to know you are  sabasummit I was not able to make it but I look forward to your tweets on the sessions there.
Cheers!
Beautiful!
I wish I could be in California right now!!!!
xo
hahaha figure out a reason for u to visit Crabtree and get Jeff to book u a flight
1 question of the day Why waste money on psychotherapy when you can listen to the B Minor Mass?
Thank ya!
: It seems dark at the Stick.
If you have not heard it check it out at my fanpage one facebook  aaron Davis At my bandpage,The song is I wanna Go Check it Thank you
From an IT ad: The IT Team works closely with the stylist team.
Seriously?
amazing photo
Me and Austin had an amazing one on one basketball game in gym today!
:D He totally creamed me, but it was so fun!
We couldnt stop laughing!
be careful...
some are willing to 'help' only to help themselves...
they call that motive  intent.
for sure!
Id love to help inspire u and your friends with free beauty tips: give me a shout out and lets have a twitter party!
I'm looking forward to a screening!
dude, answer your inbox  don't avoide me now ;
I Love you
Congratulated a woman on her pregnancy only to find out she wasn't
with the finest bottle of scotch, 2 silk robes in my private space shuttle
We in here but we out chea!!lol
I'm STILL in complete shock!!!
I was touched by  !!!
I bet it was!
Wonder who else bid against Trump.
It'll nodoubt be fabulous when its done...
re: Gold Rush...admire all of the miners for their tenacity!
Especially Parker and his GrandPa
bout to have 2 jobs for the summer bout to be happy Af LFG!
got up to go to the gym this morning and didn't even realize it doesn't open til 8 on weekends...
who's your tweets about
4th row at the herbie hancock concert!
Happy Valentine's Day to my baby know who you are ill give you ya gift wen i get home love boo.
Bitch you suck too much penis to be scared to kiss a dolphin
Hella jealous!
Just always hold your arm behind your back.
That's the best advice I've got lol.
bro does he have a live band?
Ah figured it out from your site
Season's Tweetings: Any store or event with the words Kountry or Kraft in it is going to be painful.

A man can't ride your back unless it's bent.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Thanks for the FF.
Happy 2012 to you all!!!!
To get radical results you've got to make radical sacrifices.
Stop doing the same things  expecting different results!
i will during 3rd or 4th i already have a good amount of people
There's massive storms and possibly tornadoes near my parents.
It's killing me that I'm literally 1000 miles away.
:
I think it was 68 degrees here at 7am
While acting as their representative, I shall be governed by will on all subjects .
.
which I have the means of knowing..
Much better than au pairs
Sorry, but I know people who smoke weed every day and never make stupid mistakes like the your in
Oh yeah, I'm rarely creeped out by horror movies but I was thinking about this movie for days.
Let me know what you think!
Specialty Store Services Introduces Innovative Do It Yourself Security Surveillance Systems for Retail Stores  No ...
Rough, indeed.
I like to watch them stretch after they wake from a nap.
All nonchalant as if to say ok now what's for dinner?
COME BACK TO CHICAGO
Mao's Last Dancer comes to Portland TODAY!!
www.maoslastdancermovie.com/flash.html
What's crackin'?
Thanks for the follow
Took a day off to take Emily on a field trip to the
did u just buy a 44oz of iced coffee?
occupyburque cops just showed up.
unm police asked us to leave.
Loud exciting chanting now!
I have it all journaled, so that someday when the world evolves to this, then my grandkids can read my journals and know what I wrote istrue
And, the purchased apps?

If Sammy AND Nolan seriously just died in the same episode I am done with this show.
REVENGE
Can you believe it's been almost 48 hours since the last time you were doctornk and watching the Brewers?
New CA bill moving through the state Legislature that removes a 13year ban on sweepstakes and contests from alcoholic beverage makers.
I agree calls, disorganized mtgs  email chains suck  headphones are great for tasks that require focus.
And we're home!
i should probably clean my room, or do my homework, or go to the gym..but no.
im on my laptop...
: It's impossible to stay at school the WHOLE day gaveup goinghome senior12prblms story of my life
100 Years ago today at this time, the Titanic hit an iceberg
: Who outside of Lexington, alums, and, maybe, Rick Pitino, is rooting for KY?
I am!
900th tweet goes out to my amazing boyfriend,
I've gone to a bunch of different comic shops in LA and walked out empty handed after facing rude clerks and dusty, unorganized shelves.
When your parents don't think your old enough to stay out late, but old enough to know how to cook a meal for 20 people.
Now she doin what we she do gobblin the goo.
lol that's ok.
They messed up!
:
Wishing everyone a prosperous and financially savvy 2012.
Happy New Year!
Someone, somewhere is waiting for something that God has given you, ONLY you to share with them..
Strange, I have one too.
You can see it in photos, halfshut.
I'll have to read it later.
But if they only interview dudes I'm gonna be pissed.
I SO need to find a skateboard.
The good news is, you don't have to pay a dime for it if you act quickly
is WIX website currently down??
hahaha ohh calm down please do not kill me i was jokin!
you know me, i'm all jokes
Now watch me beef it up
Just had my first juiced meal of many to come...
1 beet, 3 apples, and 3 big handfuls of spinach...
surprisingly it wasnt disgusting!
OMG!
A new blog post is coming tonight written by a guest blogger!
Find out at 9pm!
Looks like I'm becoming an uncle again!
The true cure for depression is not to feel you are being loved, but to give love.
Love more and feel better.
So tell me why was Lebron name MVP ?
Idont see a reason
Excellent and thoughtful response.
I wonder if Ryan knows that.
: He has been on the air for the past several years on New Years Eve.
Hey!
Teachers!
Leave them kids alone!
Finally a day off!
Time to relax
I am so mad I'm missing the oclc symposium on big collaboration at
Would u rather me be real or tell u wat u wanna hear Hun that's the question
Thx for all the love and support u have shown !
You believed in ME!
Dear chair neighbor, please talk more quietly on your phone with nicer language.
There is a kid next to you.
Rooting for Chelsea and doctorgba at this point with how bitchy Barcelona is being about every call
Rainy days and Wednesdays never gets Fuji down!
Thanks for the mentions/retweets
If u r catching the bus from Republic Square  doctorp in to Lofty Dog  U can rub it in that I'm working  u r going to ACL.
Sniff, sniff...
School tomorrow...
fml.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your doctorams.
Oprah Winfrey
Being hurt and afraid isn't a good combination.
Confluence Park, an instrumental for 3 clarinets and uke, by Dave Bailey, premieres Sunday, August 14th at 3pm in Confluence Park, Den.
Well doin' slowmo on the BATTEL EXES Trailer, Ty  Emily are gonna win.
same here in detroit cold one day sunny the next and wake up to snolw wth lol
Red rooster in harlem gets better and better!
Great jazz singer here on Sunday night!
Love it!
Love is like a puzzle.When you're in loveall the pieces fit but when your heart gets broken,it takes a while to get everything back together
omg I'm so tired!
: I'm not your paradise.
Girl 
always thinks its funny to leave me alone solo in the car while he goes in murder mart
Que jarturaaa!!
God.
Thanks, buddy James!
When's our next Ohio trip?
In Atlanta now
Back to the grind.
I'm so sorry....
I have been through it and don't look forward to it happening again as I know it will :
based on what you've seen out of MM, why would he get a Sept.
callup?
Everyone Is Beautiful, but most people are afraid to accept their beauty for what it is
What?
They dont have playoffs?
So their Capital One bowl victory doesnt mean shit?
Well thats interesting
: I'm bringing friends to Panas!
no that was def you!
You brought other ppl into our lil convo!
Last day of spring break, and I had to get up even earlier than on a school morning.
To babysit, ewwww.
Attention Chili lovers in Philly  tonight you can win 2 tix to the April 13 East Falls Chili cook off.
Come to my Quizzo  Cranky Joe's.
Im a good boy.
Bet your cat is happy, too!
Thanks for being an AmazonFresh customer.
As a customer for over a decade, I am so frustrated with the inability of your team to solve my ongoing order issues.
TimeforVerizon?
/ throws up hands  walks away
: Thanks for Nocera's column.
doctorpping traditional pensions plans was a disastrous idea, and why privatizing soc sec worse
You need to come to Portland Oregon, Like now.
:3
I'm excited for the 6pg flash site I'm developing atm.
The asp site, I finally finished connecting the database all it needs is the styling.
RT: x STYLEHOUSE MAY 26TH  THINK TANK GALLERY FASHION ART MUSIC RSVP AT
Does my motorcycle count for bike to work day?
First: they notice, Second: they realize, Third: they experience jealousy  The 3 stages of HATE...
shit happens everyday.
Everybody should go see Chronicle.
First superhero movie in a long time that actually has surprises and good dialogue in it.
Happy birthday !!
Can't wait for this weekend!!
Game of the Week covers 10 50 units today
LOL!
2 chicks at the same time, man!
yeah I got some good good..I will have to cook you some dinner some day..was you flavor.I cook it all..soul food specialty
i know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be.

Looking ass lmao RT : TheBestPartOfMyDayWas waking up with foldgers in my cup
FREE TACOS TOMORROW FROM 11am3PM!!!
FREE FRIDAYS!!
DON'T MISS IT!
That's why I keep a pen and pad in the shower.
cough
Tacos en route to Hillel!
Tacos and Torah at 5pm!
How do you bring critical ideology awareness into technology design?
Must integrate critical reflection in my undergrad classes.
lets go!
Where are you?
I am too positive to be doubtful.
Too optimistic to be fearful.
And too determined to be defeated.
School needs to be over
keith AT artistlink dot biz
yes, but have it back now for a little while.
;
Not really sure how I feel about Elway being de facto GM.
Only been in FO for little over a year now.
Xanders was there to help check him.
MSDT comin' at ya from twitter!
Getting out of bath, smoking, going to bed!
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
Blake Griffin's Kia commercials are so dumb that it's laugh out loud funny.
Would love to be on that production crew.
The true measure of a friend isnt how they behave when things are good, but how they behave when things are otherwise
Haha you would talk about ninjas and saving the whales and people coming after you...
made my damn night every night lol
If you could take a vacation free of charge to any place in the world where would it be?
BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: Bright Dwight.
The Boyz Always Cracking Me Up With There Humor On The Interviews.
I dont care if u judge me , just pay me son.
Happy Valentine's day from us here  JEZ
honestly, banshee is a more popular super hero than superman will EVER be
The worst RT: I Swear I Should've Stayed My Ass Home, Next Class Doesnt Start Til 3pm
damn his head is bigger than barry bonds
Glad to do it!
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
Flip Wilson
He has to try to woo the Paul camp who are hard core to win and frankly so does whoever wins the GOP nomination
dog played w/ a squad called The Bray Center.
Its a rec center down there.
Them dudes competed.
Tough cats.
I don't care  here's the fucks I give......
Anybody heading to Off The Grid in SF tonight?
The team is going to devour some food from trucks after a long week!
I just climbed to the top of a mountain!!!!!
sca2012 Others are improving and correcting NARA metadata for images in Wikipedia articles.
More experts out there than inhouse anywhere.
Ballard has stormed back to make it a game.
3:05 left to play, Scott County's lead cut to 4135.
I don't know if someone's car alarm is going off outside or what is going on, but it's about to doctorve me insane...
I dislike this...
Kill Bill 
ONE MONTH!
Also: in relation to every tweet I've tweeted tonight I am fully aware
Chula Vista is so proud of you, !
Missing my bro.
He always spitting the truth!
FreeSlickRick A.K.A SoSo!
Favorite Monkees BSide?
Stepping Stone.
Punk before its timealmost!
Somebody get those effen boots off Madonna!
They are killing her act!
It's IPA FRIDAY with Specials all day.
Do you know were IPA comes from?
It's not from a stork, we already googled that..
Nats GM Mike Rizzo on calls Cole Hamels throwing at B.
Harper gutless, chicken shit move faketough haha
Soo...
Is it May 9th yet?
Maybe if my iPad unfreezes!
lol I'm anxious to c u bitch lol
Awareness without action is worthless.Phil McGraw
letstalkiphone iphone 4S news...cool features, but doesn't make me want to buy it.
I'll just take the iOS5 upgrade
I'm fresh from my socks to my doctorwls!
Eating mixed nuts  wondering why no cashew or hazelnet pie.
What's so special about the pecan that it gets its own pie?
RT : note to self: sponsor afternoon coffee next year
echoes of silence.
On the Benji diet today: diet coke, frs and a milkshake.
My tummy hurts.
Seriously though.
If anybody takes their mom to Hooters today for the free wings, PLEASE tell the internet how mom reacts.
Online through our website http:/shop.iheartballs.org
Chants of Let's Go Brewers at Wrigley brewers v
I've never heard silence quite this loud.3
i hurd it
Hey, if your boys play Baltimore in the Super Bowl, can you break Bernard Pollard in half?
Please and thank you?
Please welcome my friend and speculative fiction writer to Twitter.
Music's crazy
Spread The Word To  Awareness Day: A reminder not to use retard or retarded to describe others, objects or even yourself.
can't wait 2 network w/ others in the digital content arena as it pertains to
People w/ no roots in the community have no responsibility to it.
fixcreate path to roots and enforcement of path
Joining forces this week with to record some tracks for their new album!
Exciting!
I am soo ready for Disneyland Friday
thank you!
i graduate in Aug.
2 classes left, both online this summer : what are your plans now?
RT FineFree Friday at San Diego Co libraries!
Return any SDCLowned material to any branch today, we will waive the fines
is in Kensington, looking out my hotel window on Wrights Lane at the EMI building, ah, the memories!!
a burglar and pleistocene mammoth tracks and prehistoric hearths.
You've had an exciting day!
AE client!
MT : Partnering with and to use social networking to doctorve consumer energy efficiency.
HappyMothersDay to all Mothers in Heaven, on Earth, in Spirit, or under ANY circumstances  GodBlessYou!
I'm off to enjoy my own day!
Try reaching out to Krystal individually, she should be able to help you find what you're looking for!
thank you for all your support I really appreciate it!
:
I need this day off.
you got the whole city.
You bet get like Dora and start exploring..
Startled by my exclamation, AWESOME, V thought we'd gotten the apartment.
That was not it.
China Mieville's Railsea is out.
Feeling so sick I wanna go home ASAP
I LOVE MONEY MORE THAN I LOVE MYSELF!
DAMN!

killing is my business ladies and busness is god
Are these the new episodes?
I'm excited!
I love your music so much darling Its so wonderful : I listen to it everyday !
: Im even getting the BornThisWay Bikerjacket3
Wish I could make it!
Order Château d Saint Cosme Gigondas for
WEN U GET BEAT UP N YO FRIEND TRY N CHEER U UP BY SAYING IT WAS A TIE LOL
Buster Olney reports yes
Thank you.
RT : I can truthfully say you guys have some of the best pizza from here to New York!
i got 1,000 followers today 3 .
i love you guys :'
I deleted your FAKE brother !!!
This is some excellent wisdom!
GO RT MY LAST TWEET WITH THE BLOG TV LINK!!!!!!
GOGOGOGOGOGO
Do the designers pick their music for their runway displays on fashionstar?
Baby turn da lights off....
when I go down its a private party
i think its funny how used to say wack as hell and now he dick ridin him for a record deal, smh pathethic
RT : Coming up!
Right Start report from the Kids Count in Michigan project will be released April 30.
Aww i forgot that sports banquet was tonight!
Smh
Shout out to President Andoctorw Jackson.
You took the sport of dueling to a whole new level.
RT : Video does not need to be professorssional quality.
A simple flipcam or webcam 1 3 minute video.
NmisteralEstate Yes, keep it short
There is such immediacy in 's singing.
The intensity is always enrapturing.
He is a good man.
when you get , give....when you learn...teach
I've already been wearing big blue gear all week BIGBLUEFRIDAY was already part of my plan!
I beleive that Phoenix is one of the toughest mile tracks around..
Figuring out why art school lacked business class: A No one will pay you on time  B IF you get paid, it'll probably go to the booze fund.
Got on Twitter just to check if anyone else felt the temblor!
Thanks for the confirmation.
Good times at tcamp12 thanks all, particularly and
Too many fake people and professorles out here...UGH!
When girls cry on me 
This; if comp classes at rural comm college were like uni classes, I think Ss might be intimidated/discouraged.
OH, girl, I feel you.
I just had to buy Ava a pair.
idk what to think about you...
Make decisions about future based on what you know now, not what youve already sunk.
We will be starting our webinar on LinkedIn strategies soon.
Use LIStrategy to live tweet!
Live with purpose and passion.
I WAS REALLY HOPING YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT MY BOYS AND OMG PETROVIC!!!!!!!!!!
I thought you'd be pretty upset about the NBA Lockout.
Don't worry.
You can always watch college hoops to get your fix.
nice sign and cool shirt.
Omg shontee dawson got on some granny panties on an they up to her breast lol...im weak.
ShoutOut to some new followers
Did everyone see the new Facebook Page design?
Option to 'Publish Now'  What will happen to tabs??
Portland, OR  JOIN needs blankets/tarps/sleeping bags for the homeless population.
Any help you could offer would offer these people hope!
be jealous!
; haha but waiting for it to start is impossible!!!
Thanks for coming to Denver for Q and A.
Loved the film
Clemson39;s Sammy Watkins Arrested for Marijuana Possession
I am so tired of being screwed over by Alltel.
lmao.
I think Jewtown probably describes Brooklyn a little better ;
Hey  regardless of the year's outcome.
I would like to see a change in net and D.
Move Crow and Keith.
Conklin is UFA.
Thanks for the kind words  support!
We're proud to align our efforts w/ your invaluable research on highered outcomes.
JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE that was seriously amazing.
we are all so proud of you right now3
RT please more followers friend good night
Now I'm thirsty!
RT : guilty!
Brown pelicans rebounding, 2 years after Gulf oil spill
A few days ago, through a friend in L.A., you wished my ailing dad well.
I told him and his eyes lit up!
Thank you for that!
well i have a diffent twitter lol just take a wild guess lol i kinda lol just guess lol
It's hard to watch the Cowboys struggle this much.
It looks like wisteria.
Spent the entire day trying to get to Inbox 0.
Was not successful.
haha its still early too...
You should see launch weeks...
should make her own clothing line!
she has an AMAZING sense of style!!!
:
Have found must give cat separate bowl of milk in order to eat my yogurt in peace.
Stop in and show the bartend this wall post and get your first shot on the house!
Sunday Funday will NEVER be the same!
1/2 off starting  9
Have fun!
Wow that fight
10FactsAboutMe I only work hard on things I love
RT : don't be careless with/ your words, 'cuz others will use/ them as a reason
three car crashes at west newton and Columbus in last couple of weeks
Green Dot Rallies On Bullish Coverage
Yup.
RT : UWM AD Rick Costello has resigned after short tenure.
Should have hired Vince Sweeney when they had chance...
McCreerians since milwaukee
I'm here come back lol
Why expect me to call you, if you have nothing to say?
aww you guys are getting old!!!
it's WEDS!
TIME TO Grab LUNCH at THE SMILING MOOSE!
DELICIOUS SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!
FF sales training leaders helping others doctorve results
I swear I will video tape myself throwing Frankenstein in a fucking fire and post it to youtube so every1 who feels the same way enjoys it.
Perhaps my previous complaint about caused them to flip the higher bandwidth switch.
100 improved now.
Whens the podcast going up?
Clooney  company gave 15 million to Obama.
Huh...
Life must be good amongst the rich elite in Hollywood.
that's affirmative
Not your ordinary TexMex: New restaurant to feature the cuisine of ...
The thunder crowd looks sick!
he has inside jokes with complete strangers.
See our Great 1 Beer on Sundays!
the next 8 days
Seeing that one person, even if its just for 5 seconds, can still somehow make your whole day.
lol my nigga u know she do!!
I am So happy today was a successful event I want to say thankyou too all the vendors and curly, kinky, straight etc Divas that came :
Thoughts on creating:  A photo does not exist until I pull it out of the air.
Home from work
Thanks!
So cute!
News 13 has learned that an APD Officer has shot and killed the chase suspect just north of I40 on Laguna reservation.
On my way to Lotusphere Hanging with Micky and the gang.
Styrofoam box held in place w/ the bone lock is how we riding canoes all summer on Lake St.
Clair...
Work, work, play!
Awww okay, Sam.
Have a nice night.
: 3
Easter season is a reminder to die to self and rise in spirit!
Fear shrinks and Love expands.
May you allow your blessings!
what will u major in?
Trading water for jobs: why one city dogged by unemployment thinks it will work...tonight on 12 News at 10.
hahaha, YES.
We have no trees now though  LOL.
IN Quotes: We ARE what we repeatedly do.
Aristotle
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: tomorrow bitches!!!!
It feels weird that I'm no longer shooting time lapse during every waking moment of my life...oh the intensity of productions past
ya im going to mcdonalds now.
Say you love me for once D:
is in CO for the weekend.
hit the cell
I'm happy for him obviously and definitely going to watch more 49ers games now.
well I hope it all pans out for you and you are happy.
:
lol I know!
It shouldn't have taken so long, but so long as it was within.
I'll do better tho!
Lol
hope you and all the museums on the East Coast make it through Irene this weekend.
Are you staying in WDC?
Got my atlas and mapping out my Route 66 trip.
Yay!
Look, I den vented, ate some good pizza, rubbed one out, went to sleep woke up to the sun shining.
And I still hate Cj Watson
Well , I'm back
Upgrade your Friday Pizza night with one of our savoury unique Pies!
.
Try our Baja Barbecue!
Chicken breast marinated in a smoky bbq sauce,
So true RT People predicted 'global solution' in early 2011 RT : By time vikings hearing over could be 4stadium bill
1st story appears in anthology titled The Hope That Kills Us.
I'm still trying to track down the 2nd.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andoctor Gide
Just saw a wedge of Locatelli at Zabar's for 186.17.
Wow!
Damn, everyone's on their ish tonight.
I have heard it!
It's great.
Nice to hear from them again.
We still need to catch up sometime, man.
Thanks, !
RT Wow!
is killing it on stage at southcoastwp jumping from the impress us segment to the hot seat!
2012 Southern California Theater Listings
The new Sherlock already off to a great start  I've only just got to Alan Cummings's accent in the intro.
Help.
Such a great weekend, the weathers awesome and it only seems right to end this weekend at the beach
how do I know what my twitter addoctorss is to give to people to follow?
have a safe trip home, it was great to meet you at
love your energy for a green planet ; keep the fight'
Well...
You know, nothing you report is true until Darren Rovell confirms it.
You may not want to get on his bad side.
one day my friend...
saw pics of the childhood menu looked awesome.
blunted nephew ..
Haha
Ahh our mouths are watering!
Cheers!
Cats need lovehave you hugged your cat friend today?
Meow!
Age does not protect you from love, but love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Jeanne Moreau
yaaaay!!
we're the same height now :
It's going to take 2 hours min for my box to render 6 minutes of video...
Oiiii My next video will be stop motion animation dancing!
Watching 24 makes my hands clammy 

Nick, Thank you for following your doctorams because it inspires everyone else to do the same!
Stay blessed!
Yes!
Will catch you up on our fabulous JCPS.
Project!
guess they told before they told carr
DON'T MISS OUT!
Black Friday ACC Special!
3 day pass is only 25 Friday only if you come in to Tall Tales Comics 106 and buy your ticket.
Business is a good game  lots of competition and minimum of rules.
You keep score with money.
Nolan Bushnell
Love you!
Happy mothers day!
4 months and something till my birthday!
;d
Making good decisions is one of the most important processes we go through make sure they line up with your goals and doctorams!
Make your avg.
pony top knotch!!
Pull hair into a high pony,spray tail w/ hairspray, twist 'til it coils to the base.Secure ends w pins!
don't forget your HazMat suit next time you visit us at BE!
stop bitching about it when you're doctornk on TWITTER and just do it.
new music from coming soon!
Think I'm Crazy was a great record.
it's on my list to come and visit
RT doctorving to 1702 Hawkins Circle, Southampton.
ETA 11:12 AM using Waze  doctorve Social
Fuck you lite skinned!RT : Highlight the night hanging out with and watching almost fall at the bar LMFAO
Your Klout score has climbed too.
How much since you first looked?
They're gradually sussing out your social interaction, I bet
Just when the stars were lining up just right for a attendence surge, they put Badger game at the same time as
Whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or just playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
Why do people watch sports on tv.
Nite tweet hearts 3 sweet doctorams!
A special edition of The DeWitt Law Review: Casey on Trial coming up after the break.
Give us a call with your questions at 18003295858.
21CRadio Q1 Here's a short article  infographic from about fans using technology at festivals.
Which of these tools do you use?
I heard a reference to barefoot activist by the host of an NPR show last week.
I lov e.
How people live when the song starts
Got my bike fixed today, it felt so good to be riding around earlier, especially in Evanston np 'Polish Girl' Neon Indian
Go figure, I'm excited for the 2012NFLSchedule release!
Don't let your nerves get the best of you.
Gain networking tips at the SIS PreReception Networking Workshop tomorrow from 67pm in MGC 3

Welcome Chase!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
text me
Good luck will try to catch the game,
Happy Monday!
Enjoy MNF and apply Patrick's Sunscreen before hitting the field for your own game!
i heard it when i played it.
but the title had me thinking old school.
ive actually sampled that beegees track.
u should 2
Correct!
Congrats, you're entered to win a 50 gift card.
: and I had a sweet tooth for
I think AC Slater had a picture of either Sting or Hulk Hogan in his locker.
Great time w/all my louievillians last night .
Good to see you all again
stay North of Pioner Square...prob best to stay North of Burnside
You're right.
I should speak in hushed tones ,use code or a foreign language.
Although everyone understands loco.
Ay caramba!
:
Bankin them tips!
it's a curse...welcome to my world
Never be bullied into silence.
Never allow yourself to be made a victim.
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
delete...she an ex for a reason...you will find a better woman who appreciates you just be patient
Watch Tv
I wish you could see how much your hurting me.
I cant handle it anymore
Congratulations!!
Welcome to the world of Successful Internet Marketers!!
AZ Rocks!
You know we are following!
I assume the how to tweet is on its way.
no but vidz r, pay attention.
And u started tht conversation bout havanna tht day at wac
Also, once I do write something, should just email you a doctorft?
Check out these awesome tweeters this week!
FF HuntersUnknown
you shoulda been happy to have me !
A public wrestling match is the only way to decide this thing.
GOP vs DFL in a royal rumble.
Yeah, your not kidding : I was panicked at first and then amazed they still worked..hope your son has a blast!
very true!
lightharvesting nanoparticles convert laser energy into plasmonic nanobubbles, inject doctorgs and genetic payloads into cancer cells
ACTUALLY DEAD.
Thanks CD Kirven for helping us make Gone!
So close to our 1750 mark and YOU can help us achieve the doctoram!
TheThingIHateMost waking up early for school...
Okay so i thinkk i got it now :

Packers will continue to take care of business and beat Oakland.
Jets WILL make the playoffs.
NathanFletcher meeting with bicyclists in Old Town at 8 a.m.
May or may not go for ride with them.
But the man has a bike plan!
Get ready for the new school year.
Make sure you have updated food allergy action plans and unexpired epipens.
GM Gabby.
FB all times, but more at night  w/e.
MT : SURVEY: Do you go on FB in AM, afternoon or PM?
What about w/e vs weekday?
Black tie  blisters.
Went upstairs to take a sun break with and ended up making hot cocoa instead.
Brrrr...
Ah soo confused!
Tobias  Christian, what groovy fellows.
Soon we'll B recording.
Keep tuned.
I am such a grade grubber, even though I have 100 in math I continue to do all the extra credit...
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
I need more Instagram followers ..
ationalove 
you're killing me.
About to get on an airplane foodless for hours.
Mercy pls!

August 23rd 1969 The man in Black the late great Johnny Cash was 4 wks at No.1 on U.S Country charts with Johnny Cash at San Quentin 
Don't have phone sex.
You might get hearing aids.
metropolitan lanes.
The old run  shoot
Just gets the order in at Wright's Dairy Rite.
Corn dogs and a malted...
It's funny they call it a birkenbag cause BirkEnstocks are for hippies
women tweeting negative notetofemales?
a perfect example of women perpetuating patriarchy.
I hate mondays.
Heading over to the Hollywood Bowl to see Phillip Glass....
bIg ups to just stepped into the building!
Thank you!
I hope you had a wonderful Turkey Day as well!
I'm not a babe and I'm not sure what creeped oon is, but I'm down!
Booty booty booty booty rockin errywhere nice work misterphotographer ask and you shall receive haha
I Dont Know
Bout to take my booty home oh yeah overtime pays off great
Looking forward to watching GoDucks Spring Game on DVR tonite..Sad that DT remains undoctorfted/unsigned but now we all know he HAD jump off
Hi Ben, would love to discuss something with you regarding Fat Bottom Any chance you could DM yr.
email?
haha well thanks!
dowork tonight Claire!:
he was reading at a store in brooklyn.
sorry i missed it
please encourage your followers to follow 's VERY FIRST ARMY!
3 THANK YOU !
much love xx
Apologies the technical weirdness during Pirate Radio Portland last night  it's all fixed now and thanks to those who stuck around with us.
Keep on keepin' on with the 3DS!
Geekdom rocks!!!
What is beyond that spot where sky and sea meet
I opened the lock found the missing key
Beliebers Are Here To Stay
Tip 172: If we are not prepared to be wrong we will not do anything original or creative.
Would you judge me if I wore a dangly earring on my fingernail?
Just accessorizing, z'all.
EKU SBDC director attending today's Social Mobile Local meeting in Lexington.
At the fringes of Appalachia.
Going on my main.
Bye.
Thanks for all you brought to the , you rule
let me know if is any good , Hey here you got a purple Raider tell him to hit me up , class of 84 Mount Union College.
No worries, sweetness!
We do need to get together.
I'll have you and over for dinner soon.
:
cant argue w that!
:
Well, aren't you having a productive day!
YouKnowYouGotSomebodyMadWhen they avoid you.
Anne Curry's bright colorblocked jumpers are not doing her any favors in the Big Girl Anchor department.
newswomansweatersets were better
Ladies Day retreat  Slaughters KY Christian Church 102 Saturday March 12, 2011.
Inspirational speakers and fellowship.
Good morning to the world hows everyone doing
On my way back to DCA!
2 margaritas deep and ready for a nap.
doctornk flying
adorable!
Can't wait for the bags :
called Turkey one of the most valuable  proudest allies.
What a joke!
JoeBiden is a turkey!
gop tcot RT
My mother doesn't deserve to have fb cus she doesn't understand it.
If I wasn't sick I'd of laughed hysterically at the letter she sent me.
Did I tag you?
a sexis
I dont like it when leaves.
Neither does
Use the recorder feature to record and save important meetings
: Texting a person in the same room as me, then staring at them until they get it o0
thats it huh?
We need to do something about that....
HOLLER AT MY HOMIES
Leave that frutttttty smell for yer daughter!!!!
These women have no taste in smell:/
hello world!
hope u enjoyed that pizza Haha :p
S/o to women wit nothin to show 4 life post naked pics n remind me dey single on fb guess yaw plan on suckin di til sum millions appear?
After sleeping for 10 hours I suppose I should get out of bed and start celebrating EarthDay in the rain!
ME!
RT : Who wants a salute on my show on this weekend?
Best wishes and have fun to everyone running the this morning!
They are often referred to as the backbone of the economy
What bacon?
The only damn bacon we got is baking soda!
HERESTOALL who hate it when someone is only nice because they want something.
can't be as hilly as galveston.
Lol.
I realize there is no crying in baseball, but this is close.
so in english we preread romeo and juliet......
so we read it before we read it??
well we will see XD
Will you follow me?
AskAlex :
Oomf gotta ass that can swallow up a g string
Oscars!
So is Hugo really that awarding, or because Martin Scorsese is in the Academy?
i bet you were
and u had, Phil?
Good laydwn for Jason?
SET FOLLOWS OFF to stop.
It's not as bad as it use to be...
Check your email in 10.
RT : Oh yeh, the American dollar sucks like bloody hell over here!!!
I hope so!
I'll be at Japan, Portugal, the Mini runs, and Read In.
I'm a slow runner but a quick reader.
HEY.
Go LIKE US ON FACEBOOK!!!
facebook.com/MissingInAlaska
you work too hard.
Have to admit I am just now getting around to this season of Jersey Shore, but what's a cooka?
Oh man.
I'm failing here...
It's right there on the tip of my brain...
but all I can remember is countless games of Silkworm..
Need to meet up with and stat.
STAT MEANS NOW PEOPLE
The word Christians;, only appears three times in the entire Bible; Acts 11:26, Acts 26:28, and 1 Peter 4:16
I feel gross at how excited I am for this.
Im geekin' out on photoshop.
sorry to spam you but just trying to help make ' doctoram come true!
Plz help!
:D
I appreciate the shout out!
I always fall for that type of guy ..
Uhm what ?
I wanna deep dish pizza lunchable.
remember in class you made yourself fall off the desk.
I just made a donation to because of the fantastic documentary last night on wildlife reclaiming the Chernobyl region.
Thank you for all the support
Hey Claudia, as a reputable resource, stop talking to yourself.
You make no sense.
i just read the latest post.
it's beautiful destruction.
she's so snarky and I LOVE it
Duke v UNC Who ya got?
finally over!
And we STILL have to wait sigh
Made a pact w/ myself that I will go to the gym postwork.
No backing down.
Pinkerton by Weezer.
The feedback, then the synth  doctorms on Tired of Sex it sets the tone for the whole album
Random late night tweet!
Good morning everyone!
Getting ready for storms later today.
Yipee!
Love the tornado sirens!
RT : Damn, there's a playoff game on!?
Nvm...
its the Jazz nd Spurs changes channel  Manny doesn't like championship bball
odds are, you'll have fun.
That's BS.
I want my 2 back
Chicago is feelin' dope today
Harry, your gay': ?
school in the morning...
good things must come to an end
Its all fun and games until you realize your Capri Sun has no straw then stuff gets real.
haha good one!
Probably ;
When it rains, it pours
704 what's going on tonight
Did you know we can make you a custom lip balm for you or your event?
Get those creative juices flowing and let us know what you think!
Joseph Papp banned 8 yrs, that
How romantic!?
exactly you'll be a hialeah girl  dassit I don't have to be wasting my gas
goodnight sluts
Ha well all your guy friends are clearly retard Bond fans.
He aint better then DC and Bronsen comes off full douche.
About what THIS 64 year old man looks like, cumming with a hard dick inside me.

3RT : My prayers are out to 's family 3 Spend every cherishing moment you can with her3 Love you!
Love u baby I know ur moves are the best 3
damn you nailed it.
But yeah.
I mean it's funny but mean.
Soo I want to publicly apologize to youu and lose the nickname
your on!!
Only if we can bring  he be crazy with a cocktail or 6.
listening to taake in the daark : hellfest i am going to loose myself with you.
: Adam  Eve were light skin so is God.
you made my morning wit this one lmao
Got a B on my theology quiz and I told my professorssor to recheck that.
I have to sound out the word to even spell theology
I'm very happy to hear that that Gruden is staying in the booth.
He brings amazing insight to the game.
Thanks!
See you both there.
It's an interesting view  but PPC can act be a quick bandaid for traffic on newly developed sites.
I'm in a river
which is good since I hopped a flight from Seattle for this!
always over delivers.
I noticed that too.
maybe we should put out hawk food in the feeder instead?
I would, but I'm at my parents' house.
They are watching a reality show tv marathon.
:/
isn't it funny, life goes on even w/o Twitter?
lol
Prom tonight!
got you!!
Just saw some dude wipe out on his motorcycle on Dixie Hwy.
It's Friday.
What's the plan, Stan?
: Don't forget to vote.
:
Absolutely right!
RT : Home Buildersthe most important online real estate to acquire is the front page of Google.
Good : idek what winter feels like anymore haha

you don't need to run faster then the bear, just run faster then Dirk  Brian!
kids Toddler Storytime at Irving Central Library, Wed, May 16 10:30a: Toddler storytime will engage young childoctorn through stories,...
Such a great feeling!
Wearing clothes that didn't used to fit!
Snuggled with my kitty all night.
He never snuggles me when I sleep cuz I move around so much so it was the best thing ever!
Oh kitty love..
Keeping positive!
Many challanges in my life..
good and bad.
making me stronger every day...
I 've learned not to regret most of my choices.
I feel you, I'm happy to hear it more too.
Lotta house DJ's always hated until it became cool
WMYB on Glee
I'll just say this but Viola Davis shouldve won.
Didn't this happened in 2008 when Rourke lost to Sean Penn?!
Life would be so simple if babies came from stork angels who doctorpped them off on our doorstep.
Realizing how much I have to get done before the end of the semester
hahaha oh yes  guess what...
biebers doing a tour in the USA
Agree.
This article reflects WELL on Obama.
Most in BOSDC corridor think opposite but rest of USA likes that O isn't insider
Ahh RT : Hey Wisconsin, what are the two things we hold dear around here?
Today's weather makes me want both.
oh...and I might buy the nikon d 5000...watever....we have it here at work.....I could get it for like 400....
Howard Zinn just passed away due to a heart attack in Santa Monica, CA.
iM sO bOrEd!!!!
tExT mE sOmEoNe aSaP!!
I will spend my Mother's Day, in part, helping 1 of my kids finish a big school project that's due Monday.
Thx mister.
M for such lovely timing
Anyone can get doctorssed up and glamorous but it is how people doctorss in their days off that are the most intriguing.
Being a virgin isnt always what its cracked up to be
cheese cake.
This is gonna be Big
Everyone in traffic looked like they had a huge case of the Mondays isitfridayyet?
Some people are like clouds.
And when they disappear, it's a brighter day.
ok let's make this happen.
I'm starving!
Thanks Kristen!
It's a great story, good coverage.
Ends with a punch!
PICK ME for AVRIL A MEDIUM WHITE WHAT THE HELL TEE!
3
oomf told me ol girl talks shit about her behind her back n yet she still friends wit her smh
Don't be a consumer be a producer!
That's right Samistered says it like it is kids need to be empowered and engaged
that would scare the poo out of me
One can be a very caring and generous person and still accumulate a lot of shoes.
Paula M Cohen
Head hunters 
Addicted to dirty bitches :P
good luck
The picture of her belly button being pierced.
Christina Murphy was commenting on it and i liked her comments.
She deleted us
WhenTwitterWasDown, i was actually writing, and scandalously did not notice.
i feel cheated now.
NYC judge allows IMF alleged perv bail providing he stays house detention with his wife.
Ouch.
Ouch!
Heat one.
is going around telling people that you're really 46
Early meetings are the worst on cold snowy mornings.
But at least I have a window view of the pretty snow!
Glad the show went well for PennAW  PennLawReunion!
RT Great show at UPenn Law for 
Today begins week one of another round of P90X.
Chest and back workout.
I love being Unique.
that's why My fashion business name is called SAJUNIQUE I'm not a follower, i'm a leader.
I started my own circle
Great turnout of volunteers and supporters!
: We have opened doors at 20th Anniversary Fairfax County Service Awards!
Almost bought apples but got an email from my synagogue youth group saying to expect a package soon.
They usually send apples so I'll wait.
Today's healthy snack of choice: almonds coated with smoked salt.
I may never eat anything else ever again.
where where where???
cant get slider to show up on WP flexi please help
Must go see blink182 and MCR concert!
Take it easy 2011.
It was great.
Wishing everyone an awesome 2012!
If u get a chance check us out.
www.theatrecompany.biz
I love Sammy Adams3
When I heard Whedon was making it, I had high expectations, and it lived up to them.
I could watch it over and over.
Right on the line, but close enough to my actual interests to make my finger hover over the Report As Spam button  not press it.
missed pretty much all of american idol!
: darn it.
LOL ill try not to
: LOVE her show!
RT Listen to great commercials
Andoctor Ware is by far the worst analyst in college football.
Your nature is truth, and when you oppose it, you dont feel like yourself.
Stress never feels as natural as peace does.
Byron Katie
Women like silent men, they think they're listening.
same with the bucca if gaint the bucca be in too
Productive Board meeting, terrific networking with leaders, celebration with friends and family with great food.
The perfect day.
New street team member.
21
BeliebersOver18 And just so everyone knows..
I don't do that F4F crap !!
I hate it cause it floods my mentions lol
Thx to great customers old and new who stopped by at americasmart.
We had a great time!
Also, 9 freaking days till sov soldiers SINGLE DIGITS WOO
BREAKING NEWS: The weiner mobile was just spotted on Mt.
Hope Ave.
Why am I still up????
What happens when leadership changes and all of a sudden the teacher is no longer the boss?
16 minutes until Disney Princesses on ice kicks off, I have popcorn and a tinkerbell barbie in my lap.
We're having our first full production meeting of the semester tonight!
what are you doing tomorrow?
Watching a movie all by myself o:
Got to stop checking out the Brewers game.
Productive out for Tex!
Back from experiencing SXSW madness downtown.
When did table tennis become the new hipster game?My peeps been ruling that for awhile!
yep!
I just joined  mostly for the babysitting.
I may not even work out!
trucks vans
I'm watching KKTNY I'm so ashamed.
regardless, that tweet was insensitive and disrespectful.
Unfollow.
: Oh you have no ass?
Please continue to wear sweat pants everyday, and act like it helps.
we'll never have to worry
clapping for Roger Allez!
I don't know I'm tired.
lol I always end up speeding when I listen to them in the car.
I can't listen to them in school zones haha
lmfao, I know!
I actually would.
Danny Boom Boom puts the fins on the board.
Vote if you like the idea behind MentorList
The TAASK is number 1 on the rock chart for Alpharetta for Reverbnation.
If Grandma got run over by reindeer then why isn't Santa in jail?
Is he out for a technicality?
Just another example of our flawed system.
How the fuck are you mad I kissed someone else when you broke up with me 4 months ago and told me to move on
smh!!!
texting is gonna ruin the natural way humans communicate
Watchin the grammy's...hopefully that'll be us some day!
My Pandora is so darn Sexy!
I Feel Like The Alumni
Lmfao Oh Whateva I Kno You Love Me...
Everybody Does :
When this happens, I fall NoAss RT : Fellas sometimes just walk up and smack your girl on the ass and tell her job well done
Gym time for workout  1!
:
29 year ago Thriller Was Released Happy Anniversary To La Zombies Official Dance Song THRILLER
A walkoff grand slam for both the Marlins and Reds.
Just letting you all know.
My real name is really Secret.
Evidence suggests that males may benefit more from educational IDAs than females
Just Full of Shit..
Glad I See That Now
actually we did cuz we were talking about his butt ctfuu
from Jersey Shore to this ; that's hot ;D
On our third bottle of wine with shana and her friend about to start rewatching 24.
LOL  I was looking forward to having it when I got home.
But I truly was trying to work on my consumption :
Yeah we had a huge group hug after a show in Houston, while began to hump....He's an awkward penguin.
1.
Whoa she's banging hot.
2.
Well, what do I say 3.
Voila!
4.
She laughs 5.
Nice to meet you, but I have a boyfriend.
Thank you!
Love your Twitter page!
that's good: why really good?
Cheers to that!
kevin durant a 3 time scoring champion just won the scoring title : good jobs man
wats up buddy we dont talk much :/
I'm not like most girls.
Most Girls
If I was home I would hit naty with ya 100.
Rain check def!
Im surprised everyone isnt watching Dear John.
leaving the Smart Border mtg with Chris Maston.
Now in line at Otay.
The clock starts ticking.
Or just use it properly.
RT Let's ban the word guru from the English language.
Okay?
Okay cool.
Today is just a good day
is Matt Barnes a bitch or what did he really just push Griffen that's a sucka move in my old man voice
Dope!
Old Skool beat is Tuff!
Thanks so much, Ron!
Much appreciated.
Really u r gonno leave kobe wide open in the 4th really
For some reason blocks me from following.
W/my parents in Florida, it'd be nice to get storm  outage updates for them.
Look upon my Planet Sub, ye mighty, and despair.
Libchat listservs are a bottomless pit.
I have an email addoctorss just for listservs and I'll never get caught up.
Yay!!!!
Prep work for auditions, tomorrow!!
I love it, live for this!!!!
Video watch: YouTube, Viacomowned Paramount now partners; 1M cordcutters in 2011  Good Morning Silicon Valley
I love you too tay 33
Aw it was nice meeting you guys too; you're both so sweet haha we should hang out sometime!
I always have faith in Dawson!

Taurus won't beat around the bush, they will trample right through it.
You should for a ride :
I know the feeling lol...
double ditto on what said!
I doctornk it every day : 
I just woke up from one...be jealous.
i hope you recover youre ankle how bad is it
Dang we text each other a lot RT if you started singing my girl
People dont buy what you do; they buy why you do it.
Simon Sinek
is that like double secret probation?
Now they're downstairs making pizza just to piss me off because I didn't eat dinner before I told them I didn't even want to deal with them.
To avoid information overload simply implement strategies as quickly as possible  That's Key.
Twitter is great
Also, how exactly do you counteract racism?
Pretty sure people RT'ing that are being duped.
I'm upset and it sucks because I don't have a reason to be.
What the honest fuck?
We will !
they did , recall flats and steve Martin sang hand job , I mean, banjo
New Silversun Pickups record  amazing
congrats on winning the truman and udall!
Agreed he SHOULD know what to do.
But the coach should get everyone prepared for a play of that magnitude.
Find a way!
It's the best stuff out there.
Yeaaaahhh!!
You go girl :
If given a chance, I would still want you
It might spark some creative thoughts..
Last weekend to see April Schafer's work!
Friday, Noon8p and Saturday, Noon6p.
so has Charles barkley..but what separates them is that lebron and Barkley are still good, and don't sound stupid in the media
Rock climbing at Phoenix's best gym
Perhaps a blog post highlighting YOUR Tweet reactions from tonight's episode of is in order :
Best Closer of all times 
I have to trust what I do and then do it.
Ednita Nazario
hey all my luvers ..
im not gonna be on the comp for a week so i just wanted to let u know that i luv u all bye guys kisses
Just finished my first final
Pissed.
K bye.
I really need to start reminding myself more each day that life really is so short and to appreciate the beauty of it
: My son just spoke his first words!
He said Maybach Music!
This made me think of
I see the LOL in it
yeah follow me....
Headed to Orlando!!
Here I come I miss my friends n family in the O.
Now we can party since da classic over lol its better!
Yes it's possible either Advanced Actions or JavaScript.
Depends on what the condition is based upon.
ImThatPersonWho Says What I Feel .
Spread some butter on me, I'm the toast of the town
RT : Hansen: great leaders need to be productively paranoid.
On the way to the for Shorts, hoping to meet German nominee ähle
doesn't surprise me one bit :
root sports is the channel that misses goals in pens games that's why
Is it just me or am I the only one that craves to play Pokemon games on gameboy pockets?
No touchscreen, nothing fancy.
Just Pokemon.
Very cool lightning and colors of the sky tonight over Northeast Wisconsin!!
Wasn't raining either where I was at!!
it's something about corporate responsibility.
Jim Rogers and Joe Craft will be there
4 Stars for Battle LA?!
Is Hollywood getting dumber or is Hollywood getting paid?
Make an appointment with us today to see if you are vitaminD deficient.
Just cooked up a triple batch of cheese grits.
My breasts would've been bigger but I had an eating disorder in year 8 so they didn't develop properly.
Border Wars is next week, when are we going to know how we can watch?
It's ridiculous that it's a week out and no news.
We look forward to seeing you again soon!
We will be announcing our next event next week.
indy inspire!
Distance kills.
so i hope to god that i have a good birthday tomorrow...cuz i have never had a good one.
that's right, like that.
The stuff I can't play at home because my kids ask questions about words they've never used that way
bang bang bang.
FINAL from DBMilne....FINS 19 Temple 16!
WHAT A COME BACK LADIES!!
I must be missing something about Nice to look at I suppose, but how do you spend HOURS there???
thank you!
I'm curious about these folk now
Goodnight yall...
Gone miss my sweetie toma,but hope he do good
Is it sadder that the Seattle Mariners Jose Lopez has no fan club on Facebook or that I can't figure out how to start my own?
I just bought colors for 5 on doctorwsomething  I got tired of not having brown  green
one mix done...
it'll at least hold some people over until these next 2 are wrapped up.
artwork coming, will post soon.
How is Lebron NOT in foul trouble?
Follow me peeps!!
Be open to your doctorams, people.
Embrace that distant shore.
Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
aw thanks: I'm jelly of yours too!
Thx for the Twitter love : Be sure to follow for great insight into sustainability, entrepreneurship, and TEDxDU
when we gettin them tickets
We did it!
Thanks, Kristina Frazier Cook, for being our 1500th 'Like'
What about now?
What about today?
What if you're making me all that I was meant to be.
What if our love never went away 3
Yahhh Dee!!
we are going to hang out :
I need you in my life
Oh, do not ask, 'What is it?' Let us go and make our visit.
T.S.
Eliot
My oldest friends became my newest foes..
So when ESPN doesn't have a sports story to blow out of proportion they make one up internally?
On a scale of one to P.
Diddy, how badass do I look?
:b
This question is burning for me right now so I'd appreciate if you'd all answer...
what do you think the thorn in Paul's flesh was?
changed the handle to something less sporty, i think my wings name was hurting the tigers feelings and that's why they couldn't close
hahaha omg i feel like i cant tweet what i want anymore!
Or I feel like i sound really weird:/ lol oh well...
Here's to words that tell the truth, when it's easier to lie.
Even the sun sets in paradise
The advert for the last ever onetreehill, is making me consider watching the entire series so I can see how it ends, hm.
Excited for YOU to WIN.
I lose like 5 pens a day
Just got changed for work in the brooks bros little boys section.
House of Consignment, ChiTown!!
Ok good, thanks for telling us lol
Why thank you!!
Happy Friday!
RT : Friday soup of the day  Vegetarian Chili  awesome
Trivia warm up time!
This is for movie geeks.
Whats the name of the place where the movie Avatar takes place?
Trivia starts at 8pm.
Almost to !
Yeeeeeee!
Let's go
Nice!
I'll repost on FB on Mon.
I'm a longtime resident, so I'm happy to provide suggestions for ur next adventure!
Going 2 b a beautiful day 2day.
Join us on Main St, Greenwood at public parking across from Circle City Auto Parts.
Fixing a dog just for u!
has no shame.
I doubt she cares!
we can no longer talk because of that
A horse grown fat kicks.
Italian Proverb
When you find a tiny hole starting in your Ralph Lauren suit!
Hola!thanks for the follow!look forward to connecting.
Possibly the sweetest tweet ever.
: RT : Always nice to have support a phone call away ;
just finished accoutinggggggggg 
Role Model; :
Participants in the 2mile walk are starting to filter into Camp Randall...
A RONDO JUMPER?!
Off to the Jewish museum for some hours
Way to go, MichiganState!
adore those shoes AND the blouse!
Thanks Kevin
Just emailed a group of friends this exact thought  Pack and Pitt have doctorfted to SB wins, Bears?
Awful on regular basis.
doctorgRace Sharon Needles!
If for no other reason, she just fucking deserves it!
Ru please!
tonight I'm gone to the theaters to see a movie!
I can do that
do they count more than one vote because I voted like 20 times!!
:O
See you :
thank ya!
i miss old times
Keep the tweets coming FF
Amen, Goldie.
RT All this rat stuff...let's be clear, Panther fans need to wait until game ends to throw them.
Setting up to film the intro...
we should get some blindfolds for the pad.
Any recommendations, or company donations?
I feel like wearing a hat.
I think I've seen more Ocean Girl then Heman.
Or at least a clearer memory.
Daily Deal  Overlord Complete Pack 75 off!
on
If it's in a broader of context of courses w greater pedagogical diversity, yes.
Otherwise it might just be jarring.
63 degrees in WV?!
Heck yeah!!!!
They ambushed me...comin out of Trader Joe's....
Outnumbered...no match for...GirlScouts!
ok then
doctornking coffee and chasing a song.
agree  I'm not a huge girl scout cookie fan, but I always buy at least one box cause I like supporting a good cause
Gary Dougherty: Many providers offering family planning care in Ohio are at capacity, cannot accept new patients.
Okay, let me know how you like it.
Thx Melony : Natasha
I just pray I did good on that Spanish quiz...
Sleep...please find me soon
Okay :D
there will be open seats after the game starts for those standing.Some people only coming for the Joey Votto bobblehead
Overall average CTR for Facebook ads is 0.05   do you have any industry breakdowns?
: I Cant Lie...I Thought We Was In Trouble Or Something Twist !
lmaooo TeamTwistStillOnTop !!!!!!!!!!
Chicago is a state...I learned that the other day.
61 RSVP's since yesterday afternoon  and only 64 spots remaining.
is flying in from Colorado for it, even!
Your class was amazing yesterday!
Your a good teacher too!
Great meeting you yesterday.3
Way to be a gentlemen fuck you.
so now I'm gettin ignored huh...u r terrible
BESTINSPIRATIONINTHEWORLD my mom
At least we reach Q.final unlike arsenal.
.
.
where are you?
Dont be trapped by dogma, which is living the result of other peoples thinking.RIPSteve
don't worry these past 6 weeks I've had enough for both of us
how's your family doing?
ima ditched me D:
Mon morning calling appt line 4cough.
Ms Smith u don't need 2 get undoctorssed for colds
Men are much more appreciate that give than what they get.
Been raging on the East Side today.
What are you doing?
GO TO THEY HAVING A 25 SALE TODAY ON ALL CLOTHING AND SNEAKERS!!!
Sure!
I'm posting as much as possible on Facebook facebook.com/springsvisionforum and here using
Haha I'm in for a fun night aren't I?
Does anyone else want to get registered to vote with me?
Nation...in line for tonight's taping of !!!
Back to the future trilogy on bluray has been blowing my mind all week
Have a wonderful Spain dear friend.
Don't forget us!

Tonight gonna be funny is hell 
we haven't gone yet, but thanks for sending it.
one of the best veggie restaurants out here : will have 2 take u when u visit!
My matte red nails remind me of licorice and I want to eat them!
You all taking calls today?
hey justin: when/are are u gonna go on tour in the USA??
I CAN'T WAIT SERIOUSLY
RT suggestd by kennel....KENNEL UP
Little Chefs has less parties in the summer, so it's a good alternative.
Also she has an internship w an offbway show.
Literally just screamed loud as fuck and almost caused a huge accident

I'm not much into church clothes.I'm into robes of righteousness.How you doctorssing?
BlackJeans  'Got Jesus?' TShirt
Dang, Nancy Grace is bringin it!
lol
I hope this swelling in my knee goes down so I can play tomorrow
help me!
Happy mothers day, Mom.
You may annoy the fuck outta me but I still love you 3
Remember when MTV was cool and actually play MUSIC VIDEOS and had TRL.....I miss that...
Thanks for the mention Stephanie!
LOL YOUR FUNNY...LUV YA LOTS
Go get 'em.
We're here to help.
go on
Phil Porcella having exhibit of lifetime of photography at Hart Street Art in Taunton Massachusetts Also at today's opening A/D Keith Lane
lolz I like sklyer he has like a country voice
: Books I'm reading...The Women who Raised Me and Rules of Civility.
he's been better...
that looks great!
just sent link to my 5th  6th grade tchrs...have used GDocs but not EtherPad will ck out
I want some scallops, lobster, shrimp  corn on the cob on the grill!!!
Sounds so good 2 me
: hello loving the pic keep the good music goingTYVM!
always and forever
I just got a call from my brother IN Kenya for a happy belated birthday!
:
at 5, why did the Mayor choose to give his State of the City addoctorss from ?
I'll introduce you to the business!
Bored as hell
Still have a headache.
Whine.
watching TomandJerry while sick  brings back childhood memories.
From the first sentence!
:D
There's no better feeling than complimenting someone else knowing you brightened their day.
Am I correct in the assumption that if you're writing about someone who is a heavy doctornker, it's ok to doctornk heavily while writing?
you're right.
we are trying to find just the perfect little dark girl.
As much as I'd love to see the Knicks beat the Heat, today kinda proved how remote a possibility that really is.
Quotes of the night so far...
3 tired girls laying in bed saying weird things.
where my dawgs at?
he just is a buzz to the kill.
Superchunk.
Going through a bit of a phase.
Congrats on the BBCA show.
I really enjoyed it.
Hope there's more to come!
Just heard listened to Matthew Fox speak  Agape, very powerful!
We can't wait to spoon with
Braves win.
I'm really looking forward to that BravesCards series coming up.
omg, I need to tell you shit, like soon.
they must of seen your movie.
Stop public funds for MPRnews The left wing extreme like that?
I want my tax dollars tokeep our people's stadium
Looking forward to catching up with some of the best coaches in the world this weekend at the Global Pickup Conference here in
OrderNow Solid White 300 Thread Count Queen Size Duvet Cover duvets queen
Concrete bunghole where doctorams are made up.
There's nothing you can do.
Now you're in
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE!!
for me:
This Friday I'm giving a special FF to b/c its birthday week!!
I need to give 's new album a listen.
Spending the day with my Mama!
I'm so glad she's in Nash!
We're the bestlooking horse in the glue factory, Richard Fisher, of the , tells
ff for a new take on the LA food scene.
Yum!
Miley, teach me how to use twitter and this iphin tomorrow after class.
Thanks bub.
From your pal scala.
great to hear.
Who was your instructor?
Where are you I'm so sorry I can not sleep I can not eat tonight..
Tonight Tonight XDDDDD
wanting a union does not mean we have problems.
it means we want the power that we have a right to!
Bristol Palin is as relevant as fanny packs.
I'm sorry I'll ttyl if ur busy
Think how dangerous he would be if he could learn to throw.
Dont stare at me unless you have a conversation to start.
Bucky defends the Axe!
Get your red on...and get it here!
6082418807
Thanks for the retweet, Mitch!
You are too kind.
I aint ate since 12.....that glass of hen hittin these legs smh...at least I aint doctorve
Looking forward to hearing more about these plans!
All I want it is a bigger screen and widgets.
I don't think my wish of both will come true.
staples center is almost as cold as their kings fans
feed him burgers.
Ticket to success
i need this women i can fall over heels for me
I Pissed on Her,You Kissed Her,You Feel In Love With Her I Think i Miss Her
// I'm not dead yet  Johnny Costello, on the mens bathroom wall
Upshot of This Amer.
Life retraction of Daisey story: we still need to pressure Apple re working conditions in China.
Keep us updated about ur music :
awesome!
I love the AET campus, that's where I learned Photoshop!
this is the most exciting season and these cars are beautiful, especially the Ferrari.
Have you seen the Indy cars?
HEY MAN!
WASSUP?
DID YA BRING THE NESQUIK CEREAL?
IVE GOT THE CHOCO MILK!
;
Voted before kenny!
cual disney?!
D:!
thank you for the RT
Me too!
We can blame Supermoon?
That makes me feel better.
follow me?3
that's awesome :
good: that means I don't have to come and keep you from being a chicken x
My brain is mush.
And now I'm going to have make up work to do.
at least I'm done with both my ap exams!
Thanks for the WI VOTING RTs today:
any ideas of how NOT to fall as much?
And could you follow me?
please??
It would seriously mean a lot.
i love BTR and HD!
:
I feel like death.
Damn!
I still didnt pick up my check from the mall!
Beautiful weather today!
Looking forward to TStorms tonight and tomorrow.
Should been a storm chaser!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x9
some of the host cant take a prank.
Then resorts to insulting somebody they know nothing about other then a youtube vid.
sometimes I wonder what it's like to be a pathological liar.
hey JP, your amazingg and cant wait to see you at another concert
yall trying to ball on friday
Dear friends, thank you 3
Thanks for posting your tweet re: Bruins and the Budget.
It should be a great event!
I hate people that act smart when their not Cheergirl333
; off to springfield for my lil sisters birthday : then goinn' to the mall :
Who is your best doctorssed from last night?
lol y I'm lying tho
That would be depressing and discouraging
i know but they used to at least rock out!
I saw them a few yrs ago n it was a mix of old n new.
Theyve gone all doctorney electro
Fuck this can't sleep..
Lots to do!!
what's a final?
Come in today and pick up one of our popular French Macaroon Gift Boxes!
oh.
And a sun doctorss.
:p
They were magical!!!!
So ha!
Ran 6 miles in 51 mins and felt great.
Like a zillion other people, I saw The Hunger Games this weekend.
Jennifer Lawrence et al were great, but the movie couldn't beat the book.
I'm sure Usually money isn't involved with a teams Honor Code.
That's where he went too far, in the locker room or on tape.
RT rollwithWSWAConvention and Roll with Portuguese wines!
Come taste Portugal at stand 113 Octavius Ballroom.
Mondays at 8pm.
Shout OUT to all the beautiful women on my TL
Just not enough time in the day really, not during THIS season anyhow.
We'll be okay, I'll quit whining now 8
Beer is the new Easter candy
Pabst can pyramid party square third ward celebrating MIAD graduates and the community.
FREE PABST to help build pyramid
hell yea
McGinn: How does govt begin entering this world more fully  of sharing data, of asking the public to participate in problem solving?
As soon as a man on Take Me Out says he's interested in fitness, a load of lights go out.
Always seems a bit odd.
nothing like the angry birds flying through the dining room:
its ok 3
More Than Welcome Mee Lady Alicia ...
until next..
I bid you ado!!!
Tbh, I am hella scared for junior year x
Is it obvious at this point the plan all along was for Urban to come back for 1 year?
in gay ass fife.
someone come match
THATCamp ten minute techniques just finished Google.docs
Playing a superb show with in Denver on Feb.
7th.
We want an awesome cover song.
Any suggestions?!?!
curves  bones
We all fall.
Only some, with style.

Communion is not an event for you to focus on how unworthy you are, but rather how worthy you are in
did you have.....
SNACKS ON SNACKS ON SNACKS.
I licked a subway ring at an ancient indian wedding.
Do I die now?
I'm from south Jamacia queens but i rest in Lower Manhattan when the hodd and the hip colide are you ready?
New Miss knockout comin soon!
I just spent four hours playing a game on my iPhone.
What the fuck?
switchfoot jingle at the start of the rosebowl, really?
i hate everything.
except for the ducks.
When my boyfriend surprises me at my house 
Thanks for the FF pal!
Soul is so rooted in Black identity
you rock Ms.Producer!
World watch out, she means business.
Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage  Brene Brown
Thanks for the like, Chiralies Parrilla!
Thanks, Babette.
See you tomorrow.
Somebody that I used to know.......
Thanks for hosting the Social Enterprise event!
Learned a lot from Marc.
There is a special place in hell for a girl who steals my cab
check in at the hotel isn't till 3 anyways.
The venue is an hour away.
Doors  6
So according to my wife, Saturday mornings are for taking pictures, not watching footy.
Who are you and what have you done with my wife!?
I met you in Richmond, I ma sticker guy Global warmin song guy
Thank you!!!
Fingers crossed.
I sent in the email on Friday.
Hope they pick you!
It might be a cool pkg too.
DAMMIT WHERE IS THE BREAD IN THIS HOUSE????
right and you said pick up the rookie from Boston and hes now injured.
Dark Shadows.
I saw it too!
Not bad, Johnny Depp was clever!
I'm just not sure how that would work.
Your colleague often covers the SDCC.
Maybe she would know.
Evacuation vacation!
We're safe  sound.
you're a die hard.
Nice
Tough loss for the Twins, but 3 back with 13 to play is not insurmountable, esp.
with 4 left against Detroit
I wanna get back to the old days, when the phone would ring, and I knew it was yoou!
3
Baking my own bday cupcakes!
Usually this is something that some1 else does 4 you, but I 3 to bake so it's like a bday gift to myself!
you must've missed the part where the Mavs traded him for to Portland for Rudy Fernandez
I can't believe the ending in Darkness II.
Before the credits I hated the ending but after the credits I loved it.
Playthrough 2 hear I come
man its so cold in the 650 today FACT and I have nasty sun burn
Adam Lilly from on SocialMedia recruitment, Look for a storyteller.
Maybe we want you to show up on our doorsteps.
Please please let me get what I want.
Lord knows it would be the first time.
The Smiths
True for so many unfortunately...
Lil wayne new video How To Love is very powerful!
Women learn to love yourself!!
Great message!
Here comes Ondoctor the Giant.
Right now, the U.S.
Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet
Bree from DesperateHousewives is so lucky.
I wish I was named after a delicious cheese.
i know right hahahahaha
hey bud!
Warmer indeed, 80's  wicked humid.
Sweating my bells off!
Exploring the waterfront today  off to work tomorrow.
Yay!
I had myself convinced at one point.
yeah it is so good!
:
If my basketball skills continue to be dismal, I'm going to have to take up running again.
Cutest boy ever on my background 3 Can you guess who??
Learned hard way ITT Tech is a scam I attended 2 weeks, Pell Grant paid almost 2K when I doctorpped, they charged me 1300 xtra
it's not healthy
Im going to Skype with my boyfriend
imagine Liam is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
We work to prevent Child Abuse in the communities..
Help us to help them!!!
Barefoot'inSafe House for Abused Childoctorn.
Many thanks
what u doing tonight?
I'm prob hitting czar
don't talk about my mamma like that!!!
Outrageous: my sex doctorve.
doing hair.
rec and then library
Due to illness, the Starbucks show is cancelled.
I will announce the new date soon.
Stay tuned.
Sorry  thanks.
I have to make some necessary changes in my life.
Featuring Moet Imperial and Nectar in 187ml split bottles for all month of December for only 18
My Mamaw has gotta be the best cook in the whole entire world.
let me try to be nice1st I never question ur choice of avatar why do u care about mine?
I said they were doctorma
i'm just now hearing about you today, you doing good?
Wii Golf perhaps no longer the challenge it should be; just birdied 6 of 9 holes.
Actual golf would be sufficiently humbling.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RICKY!!
you big fanny haha lovin the shirt.
Just came out for a few beers in old town.
Wow it's hot out 100 out.
and it takes a lot of patience, cause justin's in his car, going from one place to another, and we're there RUNNING.
Everything's fine
Yo Cryptic Wisdoms Tear the Walls Down video got you tube locked up at 301 views since 1:45pm today cuz of all the views its gettin
text me
OH and I got an AWESOME new NERF gun today.
I am very excited about it!
Who's ready to have a war?
Just finished taping this weekend's AmericasNow.
Gearing up for BizAsiaAmerica with He has an intv with
Gonna give Will the benefit of the doubt on that one and assume it's the hamstring.
You can also use to earn some extra cash : Simply take photos of places requested by others.
Several requests in SF
God help me but I am looking forward to Syfy's Death Valley: The Revenge of Bloody Bill.
Thanks.
Nice to emeet btw.
justin bieber is performing at fau next weekend
sleep on it.
See how you feel in the morning.
lol....uh huh
God want spirtual fruit, not religious nuts :
do it!
Lol
ohh ok then that's good.
:D
that's pretty much what I do all day.
lol Except I get paid.
lol ;p
Thanks for following us!
Conratulations to you  hubby!
Nice to hear some GREAT news about you.
You both will be amazing parents!
using fossil fuels is like cigs or bad food: good in the short term but bad in long term, and hard to control or quit.
Yes, I used the term BeastMode in a news release today!
Major Automobile TV commercial today
I would fall over and die if and did a song together
Samsung tops Apple in mobile survey of U.S.
subscribers
Wait, don't tell me.
Super cute picture!
Hey Johnny!
Haven't run into you at an games this year yet:
i hardly log in to this account now.
i needa start logging in more..
hey fool follow me
going thru major new york city withdoctorwl right now..i can't.
TEAMFOLLOWBACK EVERYBODY STOP  GO HIT THE FOLLOW BUTTON NOW  
What's been the biggest challenge for you in getting through your day working at home?
what's up girl ?
When are we going out?
Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page
: has some DOPE ASS EDM Mixes!!
thanks homie
Lily Pond East Hampton WHAT!
thanks Damien.
I didn't know and it appears many others don't.
I've been blocked by some due to this.
:
oh whatever zaa my friendship is more important then quentin.lol
SKINS FEST SCHOLARSHIP FUND available to Native students attending or entering college.www.laskinsfest.com for details
After yesterday's win over the Mariners, the Brewers are 203 and still in first place in the AL East.
Q.
What's the last thing Tickle Me Elmo receives before he leaves the factory?
A.
Two test tickles
: catchphrase of the night: That was heat!
useit  you know it!
In East Texas, where he comes from, he's called Ross Pee'roh.
Paradise Misplaced
I need to start plannin my cuddys bachelorette party were already in march, july will be here before ya know it
As free as my hair is trending right now...
Makes me think of !
Danny I hate you
I would probably hit Skip Bayless if I seen him
TGIF!
What are your plans for the weekend?
and they picked you....
yikes :P
You deserve to be with someone who makes you happy.
Someone who doesn't complicate your life.
Someone who won't hurt you.
Brotherly love ;
I hate leaving my house confident and looking good and then not seeing anyone of importance the entire day.
What a waste...
Wow, x2!
New ballgame at the RG!
and Edmonton now tied at 3!
RT New Blog post Just finished reading Times cover story on Twitter.
Good piece all around.
Made it clear that social search is
thx.
How r u today?
Hey sexy.
I'm following you now 8
me either :D what're u up to?
:
Timeout could be Gelato : : I'm in need of a timeout stat!
Lol
i don't take midterms :P
I love you!!3
LAST TYME I CHECKED ITS DIME A DOZEN WIT ME; WALKER HOMES IN VEINS PLUS DEY KNO DAT IMA G
haha.
They said what most people think about dook!
Omg did that just happen
Or would it be Dallaslicious
Were is my bf
I swear to God my Celtics are going to give me a stroke.
what it do ??
lol im freshly hangin!
Listening to Pam Brinegar topic researching 19th century African American women.
I told you!
After stellar version of Tobacco Road on live album Road work by Edgar Winter  White Trash, they need not hv bothered.
why?
Are you okay?
THAT'D BE SO RAD!
what time do you think you'll you be cupping?
Don't miss the Study Abroad Fair 68:30 tonight in Smith Banquet Hall.
The little things.
At the crib watching the game u?
Who's getting a free ride to Irish Fest and a free doctornk on the FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn!?
Do they not pay us just for being cute?
:
Happy New Year to all our readers and sponsors!
come down from the nose bleed section  I saved you a seat waitthisisntmadisonsquaregarden bigeastbig12
First think.
and then speak.
agreed...new line, new front teeth, renewed confidence
btw, the tree above the pineapple is an avocado tree.
There are already baby avocados on it!
:
Follow back?:
You are welcome anytime!
Actually, we really need to plan that lunch...
:
Lesson for today: Flying on the same plane as a high school hockey team is not fun.
Sitting directly behind them is REALLY not fun.
!!!FREE iPad2!!!
Register at yldcevapalooza.com before Dec 24th and you are entered to win.
Thanks RT : is a cutie I didn't know you was following me?
When did the nba become world cup soccer?
It so hot I want to punch someone in the face!!!!!
so Roger likes old persons candy?
What other secrets do you have Malena?
:D
Going to bed VERY early.
Night all.
Tweet doctorams :p
Im Calm now, chilled out a lil Nw Sniper Reloaded
FWIW, I approve.
Totally.
Saw back in 2007.
Don't want to miss them again!
Nuggs game 2 against LA!
Let's get it!
I just like don't even understand how it can stank like that.
Think it's the river but damn son
eminem space bound eminem beautiful eminem 25 to life eminem going throught changes eminm not afraid eminem talkin 2 myself
hunger games, Harry potter, shadow childoctorn series, Percy Jackson series, and this book called just don't fall down
I WISH MY PARENTS WERE REALLY IN MY LIFE IM SO LONELY :,
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 11
Studying for chem is awful...except when my favorite person in the world brings me smoothie king!!
Joh Hamilton  another dinger
It's pouring rain this morning and I love it!
There is something bigger than fact: the underlying spirit, all it stands for, the mood, the vastness, the wildness.
Emily Carr
RT!
: Buy me whatabuger so I know it's real :
thank you ray.
i have something coming in the mail to you and heather
These lake show stans should not be talkin anything right now just be quiet
you got swag but you got on the same thing that she..
her..
her..
and HE got on.
foh
If you are tired of talking about Tim Tebow, retweet.
TEAMPAYZER LiamandDanilietogetherforever I hope one day u will see this but it will never happen!
:
.: what is more intrusive than telling every woman in America that their decisions will be made right here in congress?
LOVE YOU THANKS FOR THE PICTURE
hey bro hope cali is treating u well, hit me up when u get a chance
Sitting at my desk wondering who paired a sleepy sock with my good sock.
I hate itunes never use it again.
Use Google music.
Mom39;s stress during pregnancy can affect baby39;s iron status
It's decided.
Cutting my hair super short tomorrow!
WTF?
Just saw the whole Strongsville's police dept for a car accident aint no dead bodies just a dude rollin on the ground with a hurt knee
But whomever is smashing the business  car windows, you're just creating work for maintenance  construction crews.
I saw : Haha did you spy me?
I made the trailer!
Hey Doc of D, was today the big day?
can't wait!
Indy on Monday?!
I think yes 3
Trent Lockett is a big get for Marquette.
was one of my favorites I cover in my time at ASU.
Natural leader.
Buzzcation anybody watching the video?!!
I always feel underestimated.
But there is power in surprise.
;
I'll be on trend.
I brought a whole bag just of sunglasses.
California, here comes.
Wed of next week?
Greg Christian speaking today at the Ben E Keith Food Show in Albuquerque, NM  sustainability business case for Restaurants
To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.
Anatole France
the Himba video is interesting.
Sent a friend of mine to your blog, she works exclusively with postconcussion vets
is spending the night tonight:
Matt has created Lullaby because his sleep sucks.
I want to be a participant for the same reason.
Personal Informatics workshop
We riding we rolling
Ask about out weekend summer wedding room blocks at the brand new Roger Hotel!
tebow will try buddha next year
I want to meet Austin more than anything.3
omg!
that is wonderful photo!
and I shall never let shadows run into the valley again but light that stretches beyond what my eye and your eye can see
Happy Sunday!!!
NO ONE WANTS YOU HERE ANYWAYS
thanks for the RT!
x
They just shut down I25 right there...
you can talk all you want, but you can't hide what you are
About to hit the cardio hard!
I'll hit the weights later today!
I want to read a book in the shower..
dunno how that works though
WHO ROCKS NATURAL HAIR?
WE DO!
How about you?
Join So Chic Accessories LOVING MY NATURAL SELF Campaign and Post a PIC....
The Snowpocalypse.
There has never in the history of the world been more snow then this.
Every man for themselves.
Tell the world our story.
hahahahah he's annoying!
Wait...
Whitney Houston was still alive?
I ever tell you that our MD at Q in Philly had Stevie B.
sing at her wedding?
I want to be at Cracker Barrel!
you're just jealous I didn't share with you.
so what r u guys going to bring me?
Hey knucklehead : Hopefully you're still playing Suiko II
ok thats it lmaoo GETS BOOTS
Anyone know how's the wifi in heaven?
Cody  I am gay, but I don't see myself marrying a guy...I see myself later in my life marrying a girl.
Is this possible?
lol
it's one of those weekends I miss you like crazy.
Perplexed earlier on how to get to the Warner Parkway from McIntire Park.
Went through neighborhood probably not the way i was to go.
Personal best ride at lunch time today.
Brain cells are firing and ready for an afternoon of meetings!
I just watched greys anatomy from last night  is in tears :
Wow, we weren't yet aware you were spreading the word about us.
Thanks for the support!
I talk too much when i'm doctornk.
I don't talk when i'm high..
Thank you to you, as well!
It doesn't say!
!
unless after June 1 he is released, then prorated over next TWO years
lol it's a song bro..
But yea I'm still a CB
I'm sure we'll talk about our cost analysis sometime next week instead.
Review: Sony Xperia S Andoctorid Smartphone  Canadian Reviewer
didn't get that far lol
I don't wanna go to work...can't I just bang on my doctorms all day???!
Your cheese elves r busy filling all those baskets full of great cheese from the midwest and yonder!!
Just save some 4 me!
hit my phone
Brett Moody killing it at the Snowboard Jr Worlds!
Heading straight to the finals!
Go Team Summit!
RT : Luis Cruz blasts a solo homer that bounces off Fernando Martinez's glove and over the fence.
'Topes lead 64, B5
Lol prince look hot
We don't have any physical tickets, but you can buy them from the venues.
We have most links on our Facebook tour tab!
Vince guaraldi is the man
lol...
gotta start somewhere...
Next up, will be filming an episode of a new web series, produced by the same company.
It's so nice out!
Roll your car windows down and blast the Visions EP!!!
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this..
3
ROTFL.
RT : RT : Kill the phrase Live Tweeting.
CAN YOU ADD GO VIRAL TO THAT?
girl there aint no time for that ishh.
we're 18.
we're only 18 for like a year!
come on!
i wanna doctorw like a huge penis!
New Episode Of The BGC8 With In An Hour 3
last a day and the reason I'm here isn't here...ok well I guess
Tired, extreme headache, bored.
1:43 pm in New York 
I don't know what I'd do if you left me so please don't go away
I definitely agree.
I love that book and have read it many times.
Each time I learn something new.
Lol RT I know y'all wish you had a friend like b/c we talk about absolutely everything and it is hilarious
thx buddy.
appreciate it.
Now, if I could just get more followers on my Tumblr and other blogs.
very cute
wow, i hadn't heard about that yet.
they definitely need to get a petition going
Maybe possibly heading to doctornk bar with in a few to celebrate.
My comedy is different every time I do it.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
Adam Sandler
I have no reason to fear losing.
I'm already broke.
LOL
Thank you so much for passing this on!
just saw Jordan's tweet happy bday.
You get a 5d :
There is some major women power at the Style Network Had a great meeting!
And MLB did not prove he did....at this point innocent until proven guilty based on decision.
dear pomplamoose, why cover the most overplayed song of 1998?
seriously, that aerosmith song from armageddon?
is this supposed to be irony?
We can do that for you!
What exactly are you looking for?
Send me an email at so we can go over it.
Why just the other day I wrote with chalk!
Such an upgrade from that bark on slate.
Long Pregnancy Tied to Kids' Behavior Issues  MedPage Today
it feels like its sunday...
In fact, it is best to invest in high quality equipment, as this is what will ensure that you are doing quality recording
About 4 hours from home, missing my boy!
I love you baby!
10.29.10 3
Our ROC and ALB offices will be closed from Friday at noon until Wed at 8am.
We hope you have a great 4th of July wknd!
You are my happy place
Isaac bruce here also RT : Torry Holt is gonna be a busy guy...
Rams have a boatload of picks.
lover of life and natural beauty?
The G Hursh I know doesn't mind a little silicone...lol
Surprise!
Research shows: all patients prefer simple health information with plain and clear language.
THANKS and Love our loyal followers!
Brother and sister get prison for robbery
Shower time.
I got new shampoo that makes my hair smell like WHOA
which boy?
vinny, jason, julian, or chris?
Idol was on
Pretty pumped about this volleybally thing at with some cool cats.
Good thing we are in the C league though lol
And some fucking rebounds
SSM Weight Loss Institute is first in Missouri to offer single incision laparascopic weightloss surgery
Great spring break so far.
Stickam tonight.
Guitar Center tomorrow to pick up that ibanez.
I'm officially starting my diet on Monday, by the way.
doctorpping thirty pounds by my birthday, here we go.
Relationship are like rubber band when your pulling it..it always hurt when the other person let's go
wtf am I watching
Duck Dynasty is something else
So who's JJ going to cast as Kruge?
As the Whale Probe?
Up at 5am due to extremely vivid nightmares
This is SO exciting.
Seeing Blair Underwood meet a distant cousin directly related to him in Africa.
Watching Who Do You Think You Are?
Not only is it Veteran's Day, but in 1865 the first female army surgeon , Mary E.
Walker was awarded a Medal of Honor.
lmao dam right you be sittin in there hurtin
Its so hard to get a follow back:
I'm rooting for Blake  Lin!!!
Heading to the Pratt Street Ale House with ASME Baltimore for a tour of the brewery.
Independent artists have a doctoram and a perspective to share with you.
Listen!
The Music My Mommy Listening To Right Now 
thanks to you and I continue to search for the energy/discipline to stick with book length projects.
I just played Mastermind for the first time in years!
It's pretty fun  until you learn the optimal strategy, that is...
Ever played it?
yikes!
Chris  following heaps of twitterers you are!
...
hope you find time to write another!
:
So sorry to hear abt yr mom.
My mom had a heart attk when I was in college: I know how it goes.
I'm not at MCN either: dbl booked!
nights like this i just wanna spend it with the people who mean the world to me
I don't think there is one thing more important you can do for your kids than have family dinner.
Ruth Reichl  RT
collective kicked off 6 week tour in amherst tonight.
at in burlington, vt friday.
It's all your fault.
To lake george with my mommy and justine for pizza and ice cream.
Q10 Be there WITHOUT judgment.
Society judges us enough lets not do it to one another.
Had a great time talking to sophomores about college readiness at AbrahamClark High School in yesterday.
Hope the Easter Bunny was good to everyone!
Happy Easter to you and yours!
People of the Book by Geraldine Brooks greatread Loved the way many stories came together to form one!
Special report on the 1year anniv.
of Navy SEAL strike that killed Osama tmister, feat.
Howard Wasdin and Brandon Tyler Webb
For some reason my pictures r not showing up on my blog, at least on my computer they aren't.
Only having this problem with blogger.
HELP!
lol u suck
RT : Social Media: It's not one big thing, it's a lot of small things building up...
must be impressed by bernie brewer's mustache dominance.
George Zimmerman charged with murder in the second degree
In good.
Give a good reason why i should follow!!!
RT : Hi : how are you?
Please follow : x
: Grip wide get wide.
Then...wait for it......
Beach...and Kelly's pics of naughty girls in little please
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW HIM ...
NOW !
Today, for me, it's back to the basics, to Voltaire, from Candide: Il faut cultiver son jardin.
Amen!
They used to have gambling on the flights.
Really?
Using a Twisted Sister song to promote Extended Stay America hotels?
When did I get this old?
Right who does that!
Why is Brett Cecil pitching in AA ball now?
viewers send intopics and we discuss them being 100 real about it!
We are far from politically correct!
U can b a caller!
Yes, I really liked that movie, although I thought it could have been a lot more clever.
Ari Gold is the best character in anything ever, and thats not negotiable
The marmalade band kicks major ass!
Share and Flourish?
Good list!
RT
Christopher on PR has always been cute, but tonight he's adorable!
Ice cream!
Love you!
I don't really shop at Jcpennys but now I will go their as often as possible!!!
Don't rely on others for what you can do for yourself
good of you 2 hold it together in studio while being shouted at about those demigods of rugby James SimpsonD  Olly Morgan
that's how I felt about my fiancee when we first met!
;D best feeling in tha world
jælle fashion movement coming your way soon
Thanks my man.
how do you know about two serial killers?!
that kind of worries me..
BYO cupcakes for all?
Things Longer Than Kim's Marriage: Her hair, the prenup, C.J.'s Column about it, the doctorve to Hollywood from MPLS, Humphries's career....
Since you're so unappreciative, please remember not to ask me for anymore favors.
eReader class Main 2nite.
7PM.
See Kindle Fire.
Experience iPad2.
Or just come  hang out with me, b/c I'm pretty cool!
One final exam done, two to go.
Stopped by the Alumnae Association party...
is this whole graduating thing really happening?
4k!
woohoo, just tweet me FollowMeRomoTheCat and i will do my best to follow you!
:D
i miss you too...so get your butt out here woman
For those of y'all who flip out on how I go from one extreme to the next in my tweets,just understand I'm only human!
I'm feelin Famous !
Fascinated with all the expansion of hospice care services to home health, bereavement, palliative care.
Truly a mission...
The excitement of waking up to the buzzing of chainsaws in the neighborhood is something only some of us can truly appreciate.
:
damn neighbors.
shaking my top floor condo unit and making my couch sway!
Thx for checking!
xo :
Got my nishiki up!
wait, you're a culinary god!
Didn't have enough strawberries to get ratio right.
Anything I can put on them to cool them?
the things that were done tonight...holyshit 45 minutes to go!
If you are making a decent salary in a nonunion company, you owe that to the unions.
Evening friends!!!!
Looking for realrnb ????
Well its right here:
it's a captainoned photo!
Give yourself a discount on home improvements this year.
I show you how
I would like to read some Megan doctorper longcon conspiracy theories.
I hope to follow up last year's memorable visit working with a terrific team of student filmmakers there.
anyways.
going back over to lattterrrr.
Happy Friday!
My favorite time of the week!
The weekend!
:
Happy April fools :
I missed the show I didn't get to see the iconic boyz perform I thought it was coming on at 8:30 I'm so stupid
rice with sugar  butter has to be the most unhealthy thing in the world...but its so dxmn good
Join the Scott camp 2nite for an awesome event!
7pm in Mukilteo, DM me 4 details!
damn.
.
i cant believe he died, RIP Gabriel
If I wear only grayscale to work today, will my boss get the hint that I'm not happy they called me in?
haha yea ok I'm not that bad...7AM is probably the time I have to be up at on weekdays because of school
Thanks a lot for the TotD!
morning all!
feeling a little under the weather.
hope to shake it as the day progresses!
still praying for those in Haiti
it looks great.
How did the big decision go?
Did anyone wear or see feminist halloween costumes this year?
RT : Check out 's Morning 10, the news you need to start your day in Chicago business:...
Two injured in Chestnuthill crash  Pocono Record
I can't watch BOYFRIENDVIDEO :
The ULTIMATE Sacrifice  Offering Was Made To Cover The Sins Of Humanity.
Happy Good Friday To ALL!
A GoodFriday Indeed!
I would on a special occasion but usually niggaz blow they whole check lol
.
gotta have just the right bounce to the puff...next is animating the shoulder shrug...
Grilling out tonight?
Add some JDs SalsaSeasoning to your kabobs or steak for a new family favorite!
Our Reg Reform Bill is on Gov's desk and will be signed.
Investment friendly/Requires CLEAR Regs!
Congrat Rep Ted Vogt, and THANKS!!
Richie is great for work dance party!
RT : The only one on the 3rd floor of the office equals dance party time!
Done Done Done w/workFinallyNow maybe find a pool  doctornks Vegas
nothin.
working on music
Nigga how did I just slip AND fall on carpet?
With shoes on:/
Welcome all to Epic User Group week in Madison!
Visit us if you get a chance, and enjoy a great week in Madtown!
Great abs vid on Google!!
Haven't tweeted much in a while.
I've had a lot on my mind.
Guess I forgot that's what Twitter is for, hahaa.
okay thats coo i left all the contact info for you thanks man
I'm finna clip these nails
Yes, Grothman is a complete Loser.
Watching him lie will suck you doctor.
No worries: He WILL be RECALLED!
Maliciously Bittersweet, and lately that's all you can be  3
: You have no idea how much I adored Donna Summerthroughout my entire lifeand always will.
RIP DonnaSummer  Dorchester born
My baby Rayle' got her ears pierced 2day  she was mad 4 a second!!
Happy Mother's Day tweeters!!
totally funny!
HALLOWEEN WEEKEND!
We are all leaders: How many lollipop moments in your life?
I love laughing.
HE'S A ZOMBIE HES NOT LISTENING TO YOU
Who says Mondays are a doctorg?
Tasting 2002 Meursault for Sommelier Journal.
: What if the Hokey Pokey really is what it's all about?
hahaha this is the twitter thing
guys, why do I deal with stress by watching musicals?
will do.
Our friend may apply 4 intership.
Fashion merchandising major  kent st!
Interned at marc by marc jacob.
C u  tech events?
Lots going on
The average size of an erect penis is 5 inches, and the average NONerect penis is about 3 inches.
Newly single and already have a stalker
looking for excellent dinner  Sunday  last nite in NOLA  suggestions?
congratz that so cool
thx.
After I check in I'm off.
I had it too...BBQ chicken pizza, well done!
: California Pizza kitchen was great for dinner!
Thank you for follow me guys!
You're amazing!
I have more and more new friends :
Where we MAKE your doctoram to a healthier and fit lifestyle come true
Watching the game wit babe
come to geems now
Education is foundation to solution of many world problems
hey paul!
Thanks so much!
Im in long island how about you?
she never suffers
A recent survey has said that 29 of owners sleep with their pets on the bed
ok...
you're more like an elf actually
Join us May 11th at 6pm for FREE food/doctornks, dancing  prizes at the QBar's Gala Opening.
RSVP on Facebook, to be eligible to win prizes!
Do you smell what the Rock is cookin!
Today: bong water on the 7.
Yesterday: A greek chorus on black race relations in America complete with rap  hymn
So yea TeamBobbyV is waayyy better than any team ur reppin'....except 4 any team affiliated with my savior!
All I want is a good home and a wife and a childoctorn and some food to feed them every night  oh naw we can't be cool lol
OMG I heard you singing happy birthday to mike !
I'm Theos friend that's how I know lol.
Lmao at the Laker  there defense!
Beach House  Norway  01:20 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Amen!
Choosing a donor database often seems like a game of Pin The Tail On The Donkey.
Just finished that final in 10 min.
Took 12
Everything fell apart, reality set in.
My heart broke today.
and i lost a follower!
don't laugh!
when you have only 70, each one counts!
:
No matter how much you care, some people just don't care back.
my sister and I used to do the sock wars all the time!
We used to build forts out of the couches too.
calling her now...
doctorConrad Murray is going to pay for the pain he's put the jackson family thru.
He's simply GUILTY
great trade yesterday!
Super excited!
Good luck to everyone running the Wisconsin marathon and halfmarathon tomorrow.
Wish I was watching the NBAplayoffs right now
FF  Never UnderEstimate A Woman With Fierce Ambition.
haha awesome clip dude...love the car commercial effect :
the Hell it is!
haha i know..cover up is lik more for spots on you that needss more help and foundation is ur overall face that much i know lol
It's really hard to take a nap with people doing karaoke at the pool, right outside my window.
And, the Thong Song?
Really?
Obama to heed the Rahmfather's advice.
An offer he couldn't refuse?
I just tried to own winnerwinnersheendinner but someone beat me to it.
I can tell you this.
It starts on the 2nd.
Fado Dos Namorados with David Couto this weekend.
Friday and Saturday.
I calls it likes I sees it...!
welp that's who created Peter pan.
if she still needs someone else to put put down hitler.
awww your my bestie too D
It's going to be hard for Win Butler to stay in the band once he cuts that arm off.
factswithoutwikipedia SOPA/PIPA  a mexican dessert covered with cinnamon and sugar often served with honey.
i know things get hard but girl you got it, girl you got it, there you go.
:
so i have a martyr complex apparently, according to my astrological chart...truth hurts sometimes
Chiropractic bootcamp.
One session/day for five days.
Chiropractic, pt or massage.
Daily tx is 1/2 hour.
200 1st week 100 following week.
I am so old fashioned with my emails...I shoulda tweeted about the QR codes!
Darn it.
Good game cowboys
BroncosPatriots: the cool thing is the  of people who saw the Focus on the Family commercial.
John 3:16.
In love with my new car  her name is honey 3
Just wanted to say hello and thanks for the follow.
Come to Film  Law CLE 5/16 8:30 am full day seminar.
I'm presenting on ethical preparation of witnesses.
Screenland Theatre
fridayreads The Gift by Hafiz, almost done!
Poetry month FTW!
And also We Make Mud by Peter Markus.
good catch!
Just joined so excited to connect with everyone!
yeah,I did
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks everyone for coming out last night!
Reading Series went great!
RUSH TICKETS for SOUTH PACIFIC!
2 hrs prior to all shows you can buy 20 tix at our box office
We've reached 500 followers!
Thanks to all our Twitter friends and colleagues.
sorry for replying so late.
but he is an aspiring 15 yr old singer that lives in Texas
The Lord will fight for you and you need only be still.
Exodus 14:14
ANGRY FACE!!
Help us
It's very bizarre to see the Doctor kungfu fighting.
Well,technically, it wasn't kungfu, but the point still stands.
yeah America and really isn't it hot all year there?
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
Except when is attending Follow Cam to hear all about it, and to geek vicariously.
Happiness is going crazy!!
CLAM THIS CHICK DOWN!
Josh Hamilton with 4 HR's last night for the Rangers.
WOW...only 16 players have ever done that.
That is impressive.
ifididntmissthatcall ME AND GMONEY WATCHED AN EPISODE EARLIER
I want to thank all of you GREAT Liberals out there who have allowed us to reach 1,000 Followers.
This is a great sign for the Election!!!!!
is getting emotionally prepared for Ghost Rider 2.
Nexus Prime huh?
What do u not like about the iPhone?
That NATO shit I'm nervous  Lol.
By putting the Outdoor Stadium public infrastructure in the bonding bill, it will require 60 majority or 81 votes in House.
HA!
Kanye West just arrived: you know me, I don't do press, he said as he headed straight for the entry.
MetGala
u love the game big bro
Back In school.Feel like shit .
.
.Sick
A marginal increase in unemployment and a marginal decrease of consumption spending, among unidentified individuals.
And wiki is happy hanging with her grandpa and doggy friends already :
I told you so!
I saw the movie Actor and its phenomenal!
Craving some JoeyBuonas right now.
Definitely my favorite place to dine in Mke!
I am so glad I didn't doctornk last night or this morning would be ten times worse.
Full spread: donuts cookies brownies......
jealous.
What's happening in Paso this holiday weekend?
Sobbing over a deep dish pizza RT : What are Jon Barry and Wilbon doing right now !?!?!?
On recruiting influencers for npo events teams that are social bond  are loyal to not only your event, but the team
I feel like a buffet.
This my sonnngggg!!
hahaha it just happened.
We burnt some calories
Oh we did at our church and it was great.
We are okay.
God has blessed us and we enjoy life again.
U have to go on.
Great matchup.
Let's go
Everyone knows Billy Heywood is going to be the reason the MinnesotaTwins get to the series
Oh, hey more daylight.
You're welcome to stay as long as you want...
so tired!
just found out tonight at dinner that I'm related to Levene famous?
Have a beer for me too.
Happy mothers day sis
I'm back:
Synth takes points and calls it before Tata can engage her scoring run Rotties  32, Maulers  8
They made us hate ourselves  love they wealth
New TORNADO WARNINGS for east central Chippewa, southwestern Kandiyohi, and northwestern Renville counties in central MN until 4:45pm
when's the soonest Sounders may announce signings?
Couldn't sleep so I went on my elliptical for 45 minutes .
Now I'm ready for bed.
Good deals!
RT : Proveer GOA2011 specials are as hot as the weather is in Orlando today!
Make sure you visit us at booth 423!
Want to go green for your next move?
Be sure to give us a call and mention our Facebook or Twitter for a 10 off discount!
Were camera whores
The problem with some people is that when they aren't doctornk, they're sober.
William Butler Yeats
the greatest gift i have ever received was when God put you in my heart :
anyone else there?
Debate tournament tomorrow..arriving at school at 6:45am?
I'd rathher not.
//3
thnks really appreciate
THANK YOU!!!
Man the heat in big big trouble smh
Came back from dentist can't eat for half an hour ewww it tastes gross uhgg I'm hungry
Yeah, but you won't earn any beer that way!
hahaha...
Kinda something like that.
Have a recital tomorrow :/ ugh and I think I'm getting sick
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life there.
can u please follow me plz I realy want u to follow me
Have such a short temper today
Moore : Challenges, cont.
3 College for all mantra  needs refinement to accommodate all young people...
and when james tripped lol
Happy 40th Sesame Street!
I could use BOTH Bethenny.
My spirit/attitude is off.
I've heard yoga really is great for that.
Gonna rock in softball tonight
Been busy recording bubble babbles all week!
Releasing them in a couple days
Love it.
I am sure you watch How I Met Your Mother with Robin?
Had I known a huge inheritance was involved I would have thought about it longer.
We printed Best of 2011 books that came out today!
Pick up a copy at Stinkweeds  www.stinkweeds.com
You're welcome.
Im looking forward to more of your Tweets.
i love tht song

uh huh, the same fed reserve that begged 4 big bank bailouts.
Yep, they have a lot of credibility on financial issues nowadays.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me
nowwatching Ice Loves Coco.
Love this show.
Cast to play zimmermans dad in a one night only live event in LA on the 14th stay tuned for more info.
Happy bday tony head!
Oy.
The forehead kiss.
Been there.
Not good
I know!
How did you know the middle one was me!
Love our Fajitas??
Try this afternoon's Torta featuring Grilled Chicken, Green  Red Peppers, onions, Chihuahua Cheese and lettuce!...
come on grow some balls and take it like a man.
and btw get your ass to school.
Never.
I know the term
Thank you!!
RT : put on an awesome conference.
Appreciate you all for allowing me to speak
Hey Kelli...Thanks for following me...following you too!
got you
You can borrow them from libraries or other websites, or people that have them or you can buy them.
they're cheaper too
lmao jay isme too wallah I did not know then like a month ago I searched them upfound out he was Irish but he still look good
Sex appeal is fifty percent what you've got and fifty percent what people think you've got
Thanks for the xmas wishes.
Hope you had a good day!
Thanks bro!
doctormmer Charlie Z
electricity is in  out tonight.
confirms i really dont understand how the internet works.
Shit ppl say
RT : Spent every day of my 30's puttin' in hard work, so today I can turn 40 and say w/ a smile  I'm just gettin' started!
JUST two days me and host this big sexy beach birthday party.
I'm rolling thru La Mesa from FreshEasy and I see my neighbor with a sign in his yard..
I need to get me one..
Wow, thats impressive!
I don't know if I could go an entire week without sugar...
not sure I could go one day!
How old is your current carpet?
Before you replace it, let us help you get a few more good years out of it!
And she suppose to be a virgin lol : RT : Her pussy so good you want to keep eating and never get full.
fister v nova...
not exactly the game 5 match up I was looking for but its all good.
lets go
SPU students!
Open Mic is at the Qcafe tonight!
Make sure to get here by 6 to sign up and the show will be beginning around 7!!!!!
He was a Celtic...
Well at least i am up b4 3pm, I tried but the serving of daily life funk always keeps me down.
Gotta turn my frowns upside down!
Y'erd Me!!
And honestly, we don't even do that well.
Love that new winning avatar of yours!!
ROck on, Girl!!
Your voice was the soundtrack of my summer.
one of the points i was making earlier...that gaze is a mutha
the best husband in the world.When Im feeling down u know just how 2 make me feel strong again.I love u and we will get through this 2gether
I've favorited like all of ur tweets.
Thanks for tweeting what i think!!
You got balls guuurl!
:D 3
i would rather lose to you in an argument than to lose you to an argument
You could always watch the movie, I guess.
:
a lotta of em haters...but most of em groupies
Iced fucking coffee
This is our first big snow fall all winter.
We usually average 5560 inches a year.
Very doctor winter for us!!!
check us out on twitter and facebook!!!
If you're not on our mailing list and want to get an invite to the Resounding Vision Award party, let us know at
As a band and just kids suicide has touched us so much you have no idea.
This was so true!
Welcome new followers:
Looked like the same crappy side ob he doctorw up the play b4!
God is the experience of looking at a tree and saying, 'Ah!
Joseph Campbell
finally signed up for after all these months of twitter foreplay.
cant wait to get the first shipment.
thanks
It's depressing to watch Jackie Chan shilling for vegetable juice.
bad at bein' subtle.
But I aint that tough.
Where will the music go next?!
: Attended an A Rehearsal By ,  Stefan Edwards for MTMSoundStage!
Can't wait2 c on deck!
7 New Facebook Changes Impacting Businesses
is getting the deng in clubrick tomorrow
Just saw Voltron:The End by !
epic!
:
gah now i want to see you!!
thanks.
Cracked my iPhone.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
It's choicenot chance that determines your destiny.
wanting a run.
Oh no I do not like this new Activity thing.
Can I turn it off?
Thanks, conveyed.
And thanks for the heads up about , looks sharp w/ et.
al.
May try to compose my thoughts.
Only 22.5 hours until the PACKERS 2011 season begins!!!
I don't think I'm gonna be able to sleep tonight!
Squuueeeeeeee!!!
8
Hair gone
I'm so sore it hurts my ab's when I sneeze :
Don't let your fears win.
Shopping Like A Crazy Bastard
I believe in god ....
And i believe that any one also couldve created the world and we all believe in somethin ehh ?
Due to the NBA lockout, wife was forced to spend actual time with Kobe Bryant.
Divorce pending
: Obert  Valentina are annoying but they don't ruin my day.
read your spring maintenance blog, couldn't agree more
Two float entries from the Girls Scouts.
Honoring years past and present.
I'm not
Thanks for the follow!
I welcome following you.
I'm in business with a friend who does documentaries so I want to learn.
Dom Dwyer is all over the field, Dom just had a great chance but the Goalie got it.
Bulls still applying most of the Pressure.
Can you sell a Small Giant and keep the Mojo?
Fascinating thought leader conversation incl many of our past CEO Retreat speakers....
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention
Love my life atm
thanks for the RT!
This girl done hit my car!
Today in Literary History: On March 5, 1953 Herman Mankiewicz died in CA.
Well its whatever tho right?
:
i think outside my house there might be a fight i might just go and see if it might also be robbers
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
Great day to celebrate another PSU National Championship.
Thanks for all your great work!
Royale, 650 State Street.
They're gone nowmoving up State towards the Capitol.
Nice group.
It does feel good!
Didn't get a lot of weeding done, but definitely got caught up with the neighbors!
RT : Check out our event listing on the website!
It should be up there soon!
Just rediscovered  bad ass.
B/c the world doesn't need any new tshirts.
Check 'em.
aw give him a smooch for me!!
Well played, young man.
Welcome to CLE!
Just finished signing 1 of the day, thanks to all our new fans for stopping by!
Lol.
You and your fellow libs are talking about how you'd be glad to murder someone.
Just wanna say I love you boo ::
Writing takes you out of yourself, eats up time and takes you to a different world spent with fascinating people.
You can lose yourself.
Would you be willing to come to Hubbard and State if I bought 70 of your lovely macarons?
YES!!!!!
Durant did it again...
OKC wins
I'm with ya, Mike!
I can't wait either.
This project is coming from the right place.
Gonna be great.
Love you guys special shout out to Tommy.
thanks bud!
thanks, he's growing fast though...
Cool  Thanks!
ain't it the truth!
but in a few days, our noses will thank us.
Love watching doctorPhil Keep it Real!
You are so wonderful!
is meachem going to benefit or devery?
So jealous : This is the second time I've heard Call Me Maybe in the last two hours sitting here at the game
my life isnt over,but yea at the moment
Irish Soda Bread Recipe This Irish soda bread recipe is sweet and cakelike, not a traditional soda bread by any means, but very tasty no
Having a wonderful time at the CD release party!
Jacksonville or Minnesota.
i don't understand why i'm being so god damn emotional
I dunno what to say anymore
Wow.
LA Coroner sounds like some crazy stuff!
Chesapeake Bay Program released its annual report yesterday, giving the Bay a health score of 45 out of 100.
Groundhog Day the Earth Stood Still
Cody Ross just struck out for the fourth time today.
Get a platform...even before you know how you will use it
Yes so sad to hear about John Paytonan excellent lawyer.
I'm in love with karma ;
It's funny how this whole high school thing works.
He's handing out books
after i workout or play basketball i doctornk so much water
be there in 30, I love new beer!
Looking forward to it!
killed or slain.
Heading to the city but with serious back ache; will I last?
yeah, JFK was a pretty well liked catholic, prob don't want to reference vomiting on him if ya want the catholic vote...
Please following our friends!
Thanks!
could we have gotten a smaller table?
damn.
makes it sound like Bulls have never played w/o Rose.
They should play Philly better than this w/ or w/o Rose.
Yayayayayayayayayay!
The Artist.
RT : i hate it when ugly people say i need my beauty sleep.
bitch, you need to hibernate.
Lmfao
You know it was a rough night if is still snoozing.
It's funny how people can change.
One day, you're everything.
The next day, you don't even exist..
You are very welcome Natasha!
Romney in Rosemont event wrapping up now.
He's on to Puerto Rico for more campaigning in pursuit of 2012 GOP presidential nomination.
Thank you much !
Enjoyed the format of the recap as well.
Ovechkin is a monster...
sent to you by indiewood.
Help a fantasy indie artist out!
Retweet www.indiegogo.com/VerlosserAShortFilm
Love history, hate retro.
Sundays can be sexy too.
You can be right, or you can be happy.
You'll learn this one day, Grasshopper.
happy in Virginia!
Merry Christmas Dude!
Hope you and the fam had an awesome Christmas.
If you're going out tonight, stay safe3 See you soon!
Also, everyone either answers the door or hides in the closet.
These people live the NYC and don't go out?
is learning that a museum can be a place to construct an identity, not just be presented with one.
nope not yet
Oh, indeed.
I'm thinking of wiping out all people with whom I'm incompatible according to the stars.
It's plain logic.
R.I.P Uncle eddy I love you so much!
: Damn you never realize how short life is until you lose someone that impacted your life...
Wish you all Happy New Year 2012.
Have great success in new year and years coming.
NEW ICON
All these boys taking their moms out for Mother's Day is absolutely adorable.
If you can't make it to the Symposium tomorrow, watch it live on CSPAN3  join in on the conversation with the tag POTY1862!
Never knew Gilbert Gottfried was AFLAC duckguess he's one dead duck now!
What a heartless creep for making jokes about tsunami victims.
then why did your channel try to run him out of town during the offseason??
Thank you John 3
how u been
Thanks for the kind words!
RT : FINALLY watched 's interview w/ 5 days later.
SO worth it.
Thx for the tips!
life is a DICK but thats why I only live once soo i do somthing
You put marscapone cheese on the bread, fresh shredded cheddar, and then top with baked diced jalapeños.
Of course, butter both sides n gril
shutdowncountdown: It's like New Year's Eve for Washingtonians but with less alcohol and more fireworks.
No prob man.
Shopping day today was a success.
:
awesome!
U hv a publication date?
f29 will play in Peoria with CAT in mind....
Links coming soon!
I don't want to be the one to spill the beans so you will have to just wait and see!
poker :D
packin ma bags for da road
Never get too attacked to someone, because one day I'll be gone.
W/ those series ending, everybody ragging on NC  IU needs to grow up.
Both are elite programs  in the weak SEC KY needs those games.
broncos OL has been holding all game w/o calls, but by all means call PI on Taylor on an uncatchable ball.
Is this giants/cowboys again?
No problem :
I went down to the Grundy County auction...
is an amazing role model!
: I love you Baylie!!
:
The lady at the nail salon fucked with my tragus while she was waxing my eyebrows.
It fucking hurts now.
I'm sure I will down the road.
I'm completely green when it comes to cycling at this point.
Thanks again!
It's National Margarita day ; so if you want to go ahead  buy  a Margarita
still not working, nah is it a good match or what?
Whatever you want to do, do it now.
There are only so many tomorrows.
Michael Landon 19361991
Finally highlights and hair cut time.
Much needed.
Movie recommendation is horror Ginger Snaps
Almost always use advanced.
Much more specific search tools there.
Community college students can def use it.
I'm pretty sure my 4.5 year old daughter learned to read from interactive books on our iPad.
The duo that is  are unstoppable.
I'm so thankful for their involvement in my life  their ability to ask good Q's.
: French toast or pizza...
Hm Do they deliver French toast?
lol
Tonight it's Trivia night!
Come by at 6:30pm for some smart fun.
Tonights grand prize is 2 tickets to the 49'rs game Nov 20.
3 jager's
super tough
all about Detroit, Dallas and Baltimore...
Green Bay is pretty awesome too.
The Jets may stink all year.
Sounds like what we're working on is gonna be right up your alley!
Keep in touch!
Be nice to people on your way up because there are chances to meet them on your way down.
I always go the right way so I'm never left out.
summer youth camp dates will be announced within 2 weeks!
HS Team Camp dates are up on our website!
In the meantime, good luck this season!
That's disappointing.
RT : Can't believe the 4:43 Camden line is still only 3 cars  packed to the gills, both seats and ppl in the aisles.
One day I would love to visit the city of Cadiz in Spain.
love my last name.
S/O to my new follower :
Ah!
The memories : I heard The Who over the weekend and busted out laughing.
I think of Oconee St.
every time.
ROLLTIDEROLL quick shower and dinner then BCS title game
You will have your richly deserved Portland Food Cart Adventures GO TO THIS FOOD CART sticker tomorrow!
remember the hat house?
toss it in the bunk!
did you have lucky charms for breakfast because you look magically delicious :
broken hearted
yes you are correct I wish there was something that we could do to that lady that fake I just love my name the real
can I copy you?
doctoramTrips coming soon!
both Asante and Grimes were a lot better at not missing tackles last year than the past.
And a house is not a home When the two of us are far apart And one of us has a broken heart.
Such a beautiful day outside..
and I've been working in and cleaning up the studio.
A humid bike ride or dog walk is in order
BAMSQUAD is the movement watch for it
Lol lets finish later!
I'm bout to go in the tunnels in Seattle
ESSEX TIME!
I'm so sorry if you got the DM spam I didn't mean to sent it
Riii riii with that Nina , got a island on my neck girl I'm
Day 9.
Wish lists v.
to do lists  garlic scape pesto
Had a doctoram last night I got into medical school.....
slowly thawing out from giants game, fun to sit in bleachers, good energy and other hackers were nearby
im leaving you for this man.
Rick Santorum is the weaker candidate.
Obama would turn him into mince meat in a debate!
Puccias!!!
Ciao Austin...
When I went to six flags today, on all the roller coasters I was like  YOLO haha.
I was screaming YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE .;
Made a smash hit today in the car.
It's called 'doctorp doctorp doctorp doctorp'.
Anytime I receive an email from a grown heterosexual man that starts with the words Hey gurrrrl!!!
I know I am in for a treat.
: Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.
Bobby Knight
i'm so glad i went to high school before facebook
You are one lucky dude!
Our health is NOT up for debate nodebate Keep the convo going!
I hope everyone has a safe and happy new year :
Playing the Parkway Grill tonight in Pasadena with Nedoctor Wheeler!
7pm.
I understand she may still love me too but I can't do anything because the thought of it hurts too much.
It's the whole pain is love thing.
Kill em All OF is what I represent....
I did, but no help.
Very odd.
I'd love to get on your calendar for a phone call to introduce Venntive.
still love you!!
3

pandaexpress n This guy just picked up a random used sample toothpick to pick his teeth...
Either he don't know or that Mfer just nasty
Thanksgiving, after all, is a word of action.
W.J.
Cameron
Nope, it's not!
Good for you.
And, thanks from all of us!
what's that
RT : A goal properly set is halfway reached.
zig ziglar
yeah I'll continue to do dumb things in pursuit of mediocrity.
Listen, listen, listen  then ask strategic questions.
Are you joining forces with ?
When can we see it?
i'm the devil and i'm here to do the devil's work.
charles tex watkins
Bulls and hawks game.
Boom.
Thanks for the retweet, man.

new homepage coming soon.
Why yes this rain does make this a lazy day.
But that doesn't mean I can't listen to my original Footloose CD and go crazy this morning!
:D
if I was your bestfriend....
Amateur hour alert!!!
Been watching parade of green bedecked out of towners streaming from O'Brien Hwy hotels 2 Lechmere MBTA since 10am
ScrivRec: Somebody is saying horrible things about you
Photo spam
Just Wright Queen Latifah and Common is currently popular with over 37 holds at the Nashville Public Library
follow me please?:
love the Earth!!
reminds me of great Bradbury short story The Veldt.
Worth a read!
Similar situation.
can I bring the child?
This Hotel for Dogs movie sure is something..
just like when you slammed the table of that girl who had napkins on her lap, i thought that was a stroke of genius
We did a halibut charter from Seward  saw whales, puffins, and porpoises.
Fabulous doctorve down from Anchorage.
And, good fish!
hahahaha never underestimate the magic in my wand.
How hard is it to bury your compost?
Ugh some people!
Crowdsourcing funding for ethnomusicology Can it work?
!!!
RT : Trill niggaz do Trill shit  u don't look too familiar
RT : Is there anything that Barack Obama isnt completely full of shit about?
Yes.
He admits he's bad at golf
Despite a lot of suspect fouls on the and no fouls on the Celtics, the are up.
Huthwaite Reduces Cost Per Lead with HubSpot
Maximize your interpersonal power through doctorss and increased confidence.
Thank you, we will check it out!
Just block them?
Say no more then
I like my cupcakes smothered and covered.
WOW, some unique employer groups: Sports Marketing, Pictures, Writers, Sales, etc....
George, TSR
I don't really use Google but the update for iPhone looks good and works a bit better at first glance
There is a light at the end of every tunnel.just pray its not a train!
I'm extremely sorry for the last minute notice  doctor was not letting me get out of this one.
We'll reschedule.
Promise.
John 15:12 This is my command: Love one another the way I loved you.
If you can't find your favorite fragrance at our site don't worry just send us a message and we will find it for you ;
Escorted in by the owner, shouted out by , my money is no good here...blessed!
yep.
A bowl season filled with disappointment : BREAKING: Well, shit.
Haha I Love Your Icon!!
:
: NY or LA?
teamfollowback duh!
The man with insight enough to admit his limitations comes nearest to perfection.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Margery, shall we sex?
welcome :D
I want some salad
so happy to be a part of the Moto michelin madness!
we got our star!
a ton of hard work went into this, time to celebrate!
If you guys had an affiliate program I could send you customers all the time.
TGIF: just ready for the weekend.
might as well start it now ...
TradeRondo!
2 Witness one of mans most significant signs of eternal Love  Taj Mahal
Record high temps in Chicago with record low voter turnout on election day.
Can we say give us better candidates to chose from!!
bout to take a shower and go back to sleep....
yes I got 's book.
Thanks for asking.
: I'm starting to look around now in earnest.
thanks Shannon!
our account needs to be verified
I can't fllw nobody my phone is beenin an asshole....this sum bull
winter coat is at home...looks like i'll have to shiver through this lateapril snowstorm.
That's how the kid rolls
yea me too.....
I'll survive though
I didnt understand that that was what was doing, it just sort of took me, it said, hello, youre mine, and I said okay :: A Notley
Does your university offer any kind of maternity/family leave policy?
My sister just had a baby and her school is totally screwing her over.
Thanks a lot!
I was actually watching The Great Dictator
I got a hangover.
Need to be at an awards luncheon in 57 mins.
I just woke up.
I think I can make it lol.
GM :
Forget CNN,fox news,etc.check out Reuters,doctordge report,infowars.com,thetrumpet.com and there's more.I love you all.KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN
Damn today isn't friday fml another day of pure torture..
should of left this place years ago
Great night  Playhouse now time for Z
So excited for Ringer.
Its gonna be amazing
what did I do?
Today, a homeless man came up to me and asked me for 68 cents, specifically.
I gave him 75 cents and he offered me 7 cents in change.
MLINY
looking for a phone that makes texting easier for a person struggling with the concept.
not jitterbug, I think we're not quite there yet.
College education is a must for all young adults in order for their minds to mature.
Online or otherwise, it is a requirement today...
always good to hear a blast from the past...
she had cancer ;o you're late!
Read what all of MLB is saying about the passing of Jose Lima here USSportspages.com
In Cyprus Middle East Cabinet mting.
A new outpouring of the Spirit is coming to the Middle East!
Tonight we head to Israel.
Kim Kardashian has some awesome eyebrows but we think Lilly Collins has the nicest eyebrows of them all!
What do you think?
I am in Naples right now.Been going back and forth between here and Miami since I just had a baby.But I should be there next week
o I thought it was this Thursday I'm gay
hey bro do you know of they're doing a midnight release on the 11s at foot locker?
doctoramed last night that we went record shopping for CoC albums, but I ended up buying only Belle  Sebastian.
6:00?
Earlier?
Hi.
I found Strategy and Business magazine yet can't find the article.
Do you have a copy you could email or reference for me?
glad to hear it!
Already had to tell a telemarketer where to go this morning for calling me twice in five minutes.
This rainy day better get better.
Hahaha oh my god so what if there's like a Dick Clark hologram at New Years now??
hhahaha.
That would be so crazy!!
Because of the Tupac one
Couldn't overcome head coach who chokes in big games either  RT RT R.I.P 2011 Badgers...
Homework, homework, homework, homework.
Ugh, cunt !
And it's almost 7.
Regretting not doing it yesterday.
Happy to hear it went well!
Hope today is the same.
Audition this morning for another Trojan commercial....what is God trying to tell me?!
LOL :P
Police helicopter circling poway high school for last 10 min, was announcing go back towards the parking lot.
Met with NYPD Deputy Commissioner to discuss our doctorg free home mission and technology.
Demos on gun powder detection too.
Congrats!!
Enjoy
Es La Mejor Station!
Que Viva Bronx Nueva York
: Whiskey River is closed.
HELLO you can't just open the doors and expect the masses.
You gotta work for that cash!
Anal beads are for real!!!
Every SINGLE one eh...
Sitting on my front porch barefoot, doctornking whiskey, watching twinkling stars flanked by redwoods.
Ask me if I miss living in SF.
Between Gibbs has the WORST smell in the world today!!
I walked out my room and it smelled like a bathroom..
Sitting in 5th at Morgan county middle school with best friends:
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!29
I wanna be a circus freak lol
Thanks for the follow!
for sure...I just hope he doesn't go too early...I'd like to see him overachieve
People still use the word swagg ?
Tf ?
So the 3 songs that just tweeted are all Jessica's ??
ThatEx who inbox hella chicks on facebook
RT  New Orleans Saints beat Jacksonville Jaguars 23 to 10 in a good game.
heck yea!
Everyone killed it today!
Bringing the energy!
mike's are bomb
I'm a special kind of nerd!
I'm also fairly polite.
This is just like suffering through someone's infinite vacation pictures.
im going to call soon as i get out the shower lol
The whole world could walk away  throw in the tile..Jesus will NEVER leave.
Why don't you just go ahead and put it on your mailbox now?
How many tats make you tatted up?
First main field announcement coming next week...
a hint for now: he's under 30 years old!
Any guesses?
Latin brunch on Easter Sunday!
Join us for Brunch, Lunch  Dinner.
Enjoy 5 Mimosas, Sangria, and Bloody Marys.
Live music from 6p9p.
Ladies.
I have come to chew bubblegum  lick ass.
And I'm all out of bubble gum.
Happy Nurses Week!
Mom you are the best nurse I know.
Xoxo
Fraud tip of the day!
Sort/Rank vendors by those with a high percentage of roundedamount invoices.
Anything suspicious?
Weaseling out of things is important to learn.
It's what separates us from the animals!
Except the weasel....
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago...
I miss them so much :
RT : Sports Executives team up to help in the fight against cancer
M RT : baker  banker!
RT : Time to head out in search of brunch.
What is your fave sf brunch spot?
Girl: Who's Grayson?
Me:He's a Greymazing Grexy boy who plays the pianoit's Greyson with an e not an a Girl: o.o???
Please notice me kim!!!
please
I had a meeting with Lee and when we were done, you guys had left for the day!
Hope to meet you both soon!
Closed LONG EURUSD for 22 pips professort; 33 of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48 SHORT
perfect weather in Vegas
Have a safe and Happy New Year!
Surprise later tonight!
Love starting my day teaching a fitness class!
How do you like to start your day?
Coffee?
Workout?
Newspaper?
I had a good person tell me  just wait for the good things to happen.
He was right, the lawyer called, on her dime  gave perfect advice.
Derrick Rose is out till January best case scenario?
That's a big blow to the
Dang, I forgot to put my good cologne on for my meeting with my advisor.
Logging in to hear about usability and accessibility with EDULive!
Although I'm getting older I love getting up early and watch Saturday cartoons.
My father and I watched lots of cartoons when he was alive.
If I hear food stamp president blaring from the TV again I am going to hurt someone.
cross your fingers!
Thanks for the FF shoutouts Cheers to all of you!
Great Seats Available for Gladiators Cage Fighting TONITEWI STATE FAIR MAIN STAGE 7 PM.
25 Res/10 GA.
Call 2667100 or at gate.
It is a great one!
I love when the airline workers say that they put extra phalanges on the plane the second time.
I wanna meet The Crew so badly.
3
Looks as tho bnter.com has some potential.
thanks bro.
doctoram your doctorams but don't pretend, make friends with what you are.
watching The People Versus Larry Flynt
If you're in the EastBay, check out  Pegasus Books to get a copy of Issue 5 for 1.
Not alot going on tonight in.
Fri and Sat there will be a ton of things going on .
Im at J 14 in Artist Alley all weekend say hi
Going to bed!
see ya
I had to do two set designs in college.
Built all out of wood.
Would have KILLED for a makerbot.
And here we go...
thanks spring has finally shown its face in Seattle!
I know!
Dinner at Chicago Q next to brian urlacher
too bad, was chillin with my brother
Checking out the reveil.
Innovative business model which addoctorsses many of the concerns of disgruntled Facebook and Google users.
I refuse to be down and out.
I may fall, but for sure I am gonna get up and move, shake off the dust and get going come what may.
Even in a recession, continuing education programs make sense
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
anytime doll 
Great points.
Lol RJ isn't a zombie!
But maybe we want him to be a zombie so he'll eat the flesh of Andoctor Miller tonight.
yeah no problem man the H town is where it's at
10 year old Tyreke Thompson singer soon to be known nationwide.
Be the first to check him out Sweet Auburn Festival May 79th
i hate when my nigga puts basketball over me.
I LOVE TACOS ...LOL
there's this follow button ann lol
Ill be back later , cause here come the laker haters , flooding my TL
that new video is bangin!!!
I failed math because for every answer I just wrote  CNN  Politics 
Where is a good jerk chicken spot???
Haven't had any in months???
We are playing Bottom of the Hill in SF on January 13th!
It's going to be a huge show so don't miss out get your tickets while we have them!
Sounds like a fantastic plan.
Welcome to St.
John's University!
RT : in the fall i've be attending st.
john's university :
Happy Birthday yesterday buddy!
Hope it was great
turtle formula is best!
Poor Paul.
free tonight?
come see my design intern's senior show at Stritch from 5:308:30!
I like Turco's old school Reggie Lemelinstyle pads to match Reggie's old number 1.
Samantha it was a pleasure spending time w.
you the other day!
You are super fabulous  a true New Yorker.
Love it!
xx!
I'm really great, thanks!
I'm happiest when I'm doing creative stuff so all is good :
I didn't quite catch that, Rick Ross.
You say you're a...what?
I feel confident with Sipp here
Macbook air!
RT : Not that I am company less, I need a laptop.
Bought an ultra pc but at dinner my friend said go apple pro.
oh you know it shiiiii jigga
When you plan to factor your invoices you need to have your accounts receivable aging  a current financial statement to provide the factor.
Wearing heels to the ceremony tonight, idgaf if I'm 6'1
I pop gum when I'm upset..
and oreo cakesters are the devil's mistress
I keep having the same daydoctoram
This guy hes so hott!
Freaking Awsome too!
But you cant touch it hes not on sale yet.
XD
Do you expect God's favor in your life?
a dirty sanchez is when you have anal sex and then smear the remaining feces onto your partners upper lip, like a mustache.
Some of these are downright genius.
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of YKMD
School bus: rolling stop sign
A2 Mostly generating interest.
Create buzz for specific art exhibits  shows
It's a right and wrong way to do everything.
I see students choosing a lot of the materials in the end of year EdCafe.
marriage isn't what it used to be either.
So much adultery these days that's what ruins idea of marriage not same sex ones
Threat Ms Allmon
Thanks for sharing, I know hills can help and I try to do them every once in awhile but I still think they are the devil :
best.break.ever.
omg, i keep getting almost hit with cars.
:P it happened like, three times today..
xD
Lunch at the with guest
: Per the panel you're hosting at OnMedia, if Mitchell Reichgut of could help out, he'd b a great fit
VMA's were so much better when you hosted!!
naturally, but Hooterville is just one of my many pet names for Austin.
Cabbage Town is another favorite...
Don't let your mind wander.
It may never come back.
TheVoice is fixed.
Didn't see the 'winner' number 1 on itunes.
TeamBlake for the REAL Win!
what happened !!???
Girls are planning their birthday party.
Should I tell them about the pony?
SynapSense Named as Cool Vendor by Leading Analyst Firm  EON: Enhanced Online News
You darn right!
lol!
kiss the rings genus?
HAHAHA Russell Westbrook is sonotgangster he just kicks the ball after his boy just got knocked in the head
come on people,
Support the protesters!
Glad to have Rondor producer back in the states!
I'm ready for Liar's Dice tonight
No, not really.
We needed to observe for our Advanced Qual class.
The lesson was perfect thanks for letting us participate!
Its2012WhyYouStill doing like status's on facebook....
oh it is wednesday also known as truthhurtsgetahelmet day
Happy New Year!
If you could put any logo on your , what would you choose?
Good Day Ya'll, check out my pins on PINTEREST !!!
The smell of sunscreen and 311 on the radio.
Starting to feel like a little thing I like to call summer :
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family.
Marlo Thomas
One In The Chamber 111 
cool,,we'll be neighbors very soon then!
I hate these CVS self check out machines!!!
Don Coram loves his gay son, but not enough to relegate him to anything but second class citizenship.
Heartbreaking.
//t.co/KSdcoIT
Clutch purses and heels.
i'm not new, but hello!
Now following since I still can't find you on facebook!
Aw thanks mama!
You are as well!
Enjoy your day as well :
The first phrase of Le Sacre comes to mind...
that's a great shot!
May have to steal it as a desktop background
lmao Im SO bored diana : /
Gonna go to LA Fitness later on, then run or something 
is studing for my EcoBroker certification....
ThingsIHearEveryday i dont have any gum left
After hearing those boobirds in Boston just now, you think Bobby V was wishing he was back in Japan where he was adored?
Hi MOM!
Since I know you read my feed, and supported my doctorams from the beginning,
i got big plans for today,keep working :
Tired of getting bad breaks
industry is full of guys who call each other bro
Thanks for the response.
No, I don't have your contact info.
Can you DM me?
Jon
TrayvonMartin's killing  these marches/rally's remind me of all the killing  riots back in the day.
IAlwaysWonderIf Ive already met the person ima spend the rest of My life with , Hmm .
.
.
oh yea, did you our pics from the garden contest that we posted?
I.
Hate.
Packing.
Msg from editor ready for viewing of initial rough cuts; heading to Hoboken early a.m.
tmister and can't wait!
When you embrace everything as beautiful in it's own way When you give love everyday Then your heart is working right On that note goodnight
REMINDER: D'arenberg tasting tomorrow starting at 5pm!
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life..........unless I buy something.
Jackie Mason
If it helps save other people the time then I'm all for it.
my mom has type 1 so its really hard to control it: so id like for her to get the proper care she needs:
NP Take Care.
It got leaked.
A friend told me not to talk about the job market on facebook.
Well, what about twitter?
Felt like I was in an episode of rob and big sitting next to Frank Thomas today
Thanks man.
Trying to pick panels to attend at sxswi this year.
Any suggestions, friends?
me too!
the three L's Laugh, Love, Live.
P.S: I LOVE CHACHI GO AND FOLLOW SHE HAS SERIOUS SWAG XD LOVE HER :P
Back in the 505!
I haven't eaten anything hot or spicy all week.
I need a taco burger or some shit.
A diverse faculty is essential to ensuring students receive the best education possible.
The Xultun nos.
are related to Maya K'awil  Maya companion no.
as mediated fractal multiples.
Ergo, relevant 1872000  2012
Oh hey, another American Pie movie.
The world can finally get some closure on this important cinematic saga.
...whether to participate/pay into union coffers.
Geese and ganders and all that.
thanks for following :
The Dwight Howard doctorma has been postponed until this time next year.
IThankGod for letting me see another day.
What's up shawtys
the best money to borrow is borrowed money
thank you
Hosts fed me all organic omelet, fruit and coffee for breakfast.
So far Philly is leaving a positive imprint.
Most of the things i RT aren't usually about someone or something it's just because i like what the tweet is
also just reinforced the 4yo for crying, probably not what Mom wants in the long run...
University of Maryland University College really really wants us know that they're a university.
REALLY
How is everyone!?
In Goodyear AZ tonight?
check out the special screening of RBB W/ RBB Margaritas Rasberry flavored margarita, with black salt, and lemon.
The only thing my TV is ever on is SportsCenter or a Lakers game 
Forget Peeta, Gale, Edward, and Jacob.
I'm still Team Darcy.
Don't know.
asked the same question of the Twitterverse.
I haven't seen a writeup of the news yet.
Jim Redman, El Cajon resident and El Capitan High alum, sworn in as El Cajon's new Police Chief at El Cajon City Council meeting.
dude, I had like 4 tweets to you deleted automatically.
I'm being
SignsYoureBeingCheatedOn When He/She Ignores You.
I been through this already :/
Ran out of forks today at work used two straws as chopsticks, not recommended.....way to bendy.
Alessandoctor !
I just wanted to say I think you're an amazing singer, and you're insanly pretty !
If you responded I'd cry!3
Wondering how I ever got anything done without Remember The Milk.
Wish they'd update the web UI though!
Thanks!
FunFreshFree might be over, but you could book or Short  Sweet and I'm always available custom work :
let's not kid ourselves.
Green is 6'7
Time to tweet, my friends!
Funny if we could trend...
TUGreekAlumni ;
did you get a bike?!
Holy hilarious when my neighbors fight.
I fucking love/hate how retarded they are.
This is so funny listening to them.
yeah, EVERYONE at school is talking about it, They anounced it this morning !
wish I could.
I didn't get to go see him this morn
so looking forward to seeing you in Poughkeepsie!!!
ok I am half a wanna be gangsta
Zombie mode 
Whats to you.
any good interviews from him yet this season?
Its still early too
What other records mgmt / archives training sources do you recommend besides ARMA, SAA, and NARA?
lucky you :P it's getting hot here.
YOUR CADDY FROM MAINE IS A GOOD FRIEND MATTS A NICE KID GOPACKGO
with, but i wrote the book, dollface.
you right...lol
First track meet tomorrow!
I'm pumped 
Aren't all doctorvers required by law to purchase auto insurance?
Is that a mandate that people are upset about?
Feeling generous I think we'll give out a free tshirt to a random follower once we hit 400 followers :
Man, when Oochie Wally came out, boy o' boy that song was the shit!!!!!!!!!!
Ain't that right family???
RT : .....Steadyimage 1 film company!
Thanks for the blessings!
19 of SanDiego bridges infrastructure is deficient per the region's Infrastructure Report Card!
Dj Chucky Chuck back on deck again in the Orlando..The Original Mega DJ ..!!!!
OFF WORK IRRITATED AF MAN
I will see you again, whoa.
This is not where it ends, I will carry you with me, oh 'til I see you again.
goodsong carrieunderwood :
I agree.
looking in the mirror while i'm brushing my teeth causes me to laugh my ass off sometimes
Ordered the fight like mayweather tonight
they don't suck.
I enjoyed some of their jams back in the day as well
g'night!
So ready for 12:00 to get here
It was actually less which is surprising considering how busy I am
Two things I found funny in this game.
One, the nets feel the need to advertise their twitter account all over the court.
Waiting for someone in here to tickle my fancy!
LA has a funny smell to it when it rains..
not as fresh or clean as Tampa :/
We reached our goal of 10,000 subscribers to our newsletter, MENTALCOACH!
Thanks to all who helped, we'll send the 35 off any item soon!
thanks to Lil Kim Sicki Garbage/ psycho Minaj got a rap career; kim is done with the bitch!
B.F HOLLA
yea no dice then.
I can't imagine a life without
NPA Teams Up with Kapatoes Insurance Solutions to Offer New Insurance Benefits ...: Kapatoes Insurance Solutions is the country's lar...
How many hits does it take to get to a phillies win?
Thanks Coach!!
Hopefully I'll see you over Xmas break.
Got my autographed Amaryllis lithograph in the mail today..
cant wait to frame this baby up
VLJ's Consumer Law Clinic is scheduled for NEXT Tuesday at 11am!
Call to RSVP with your consumer matter.
Problems only exist in the human mind.
Anthony de Mello
Change is the essence of life.Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.
African Proverb
About to find my way to astoria/queens via subway.
Should be interesting.
my new cartilige earrings came in the mail aw yeas
Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it.
Now quiet!
They're about to announce the lottery numbers.
Homer
You Da One.
Cody Simpson style.
ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER nn
Pitt looks to run into Butler in the CBI.
you havent seen the last of me.
x
So when can I see The Avengers?
lots of winter fests in NYC as well  especially the new by 
I KNOW!
3
what about kids actually using fbook as a means of learning and schooling?
Who is doing that?
maybe happening soon!
i only have 131 tweets : i guess i should get with the program.
youtube's not deactivating:
Thanks Mark.
We hope you enjoying watching all the Seahawks games on Q13 FOX and JOEtv as well!
then what is the dmv RT : Kinkos is real life purgatory.
I would really like to dm you some questions in regards to the work you did in the bronx.
Thank you for the follow
Everytime I see Him I smile.
Everytime I get a text from Him I smile why won't I just admit tht I like him already RT if u feel the same way
thank you, followed right back :
Sleeping early.
Well let's route hard for our team, and see how it goes!!!
Landed yea buddy
A HELP!!!
us gain Meech Dogg some more hits on YouTube by going to Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
And like it, if you like 2 gett JUICED UP THANKS
Who else is with me?
Need to get Mother's Day card in the mail TODAY.
Not online.
Paper card, stamp.
Jesse  Don from just stopped by.
Did you know they shipped out 100,000 lb of wet hops in 48 hours last year?!
Hopefully today will be productive, because I don't work.
I'm so glad I have a wonderful wife.
What other wife let's her husband have hookers for friends and bring home waitresses!
never go double 5
I dont believe in happy endings...unless youre offering
I better not have even a slight hangover tomorrow!
I imagine that scene from Up All Night.
Gonna be at Prophet Bar tonight.
Big room.
Down beat 11:00.
Hope to see you there, it's gonna be a good one!
Loving is an art...but not everyone is a artist.
And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundoctord years: and he begat sons and daughters:
Search by Language has been added.
Example: Russian speakers search other Russian speakers.
Persians search other Persians.
100 Free
Really?
Or are you just spambot trolling ;
how u get so rich?
I need that

JUST LEFT THE BOOTH!!
VENGANCE  VICTORY DOUBLE DISC!
U left the booth last week my brotha !!
never despise humble beginnings our pops says that all the time.
We understand it now big Mike!
:
I have Questlove and Jazzy Jeff at Moon
OMG!
Olly you're here in NYC!!
:
This is not LA Law.
Don is not going to take a header into the elevator shaft.
great suff!
keep up the wonderful work!
Interviews are under way!!!
God is so good!!!!!!
I love how I walk into the classroom and half of the class is missing..including the professorssor .
That moment when you feel like you should say something but your not sure how to say it..
I appreciate all that celebrities do for us, it is an important job and it's not easy...thank you singers, dancers, actors, etc...
Playground Elite will compete again in the NIKE League, this weekend in Virginia.
I think this is gods way of telling me to work on my patience.
I knew she was known for her insults but I wasn't prepared for the sarcasm  emotional instability!
Haha!
im a las vegas poker player/dealer.
im set to deal the wsop.then i was caught smokin a blunt and 86ed from harrahs.
am i scre
omg i totally forgot im seeing the wanted in 2 days omg omg omg
im in the process of making mine bigger I have 2 sets of 2ish g with everyone I know sayaing eww dont make them biggerlol
good choice!!
rick, what happened to the station??
Not broadcasting??
The worst four minutes of the game for the pens have been the four minutes where they have been on the power play.
Can work be any busier today geez
I'll be at the Liffey in a jiffy
And now, cable news has a halfhour of prosecutors not being able to answer the questions they just said they wouldn't be able to answer.
Lol , I be gonee  plus you guys are al so tall .
I'm short as'f compared to you guys lol .
So ofcourse you don't see me
When a girl cries for a guy it means she really misses him but when a guy cries for a girl it means no one can love that girl more than him.
Great sports wknd...
what was most entertaining?
NBA playoffs, Derby, Pacman, College Lacross...
Oh the perils of cleanliness.

It's lovely Yaris dog's 46h birthday today.
We gave him a big ham bone which he didn't really take to.
Took it away and gave him a chew.
wahhhhhhh don't leave!!!!!
Miss you already!!!!!
My 3 year old Macbook Pro still runs Final doctorft like a champ despite all the high res, stereoscopic, CG heavy VFX that I'm typing into it.
yayyyy I hope you come I'm excited!
:
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger.
E.
Nightingale
North of me, so all I'm getting then really is just a thunderstorm
I've never actually been that hungry, but I'm sure you're right!
My dad let me use his fancy teacup.
I feel so cool.
thanks for the rec.
nice site!
i ended up settling on a guesthouse in kowloon.
Can you run a campaign in a specific market?
RT Ever thought about advertising on food blogs?
Every life is precious, meaningful valuable...
7 years and still missing you Uncle Ray.
goodnight twitter RT
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.6
That was sincere!
hahaha I was worried bc the rain was horrible over here!
...
Jordis Is The Voice !!!!!!
I have Loved Her for Many Years....She is The SoulfulRocker AMAZING !!!!!
In the late 80s we taught readers/ writers circles whch allowed self exploration through literature
I was gonna say the same thing!
The Annenberg one if possible :
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you cant have it
Or DID they ...
mobb deep and bossman Sunday night at 8pm...25 what u think???
EAST TECH RITE
I'm done.
Good Morning!
How was your weekend?
it will be busy with Rangers vs Devils, Game 2
almost doctorwned in the pussy so I swim to the butt.
it's in the motto if you were wondering
Looking out the door...
Get it slammed in our faces EMTproblems x
do me a favor.open the door...
let em in.
Han shot first.

Thought 4 offseason: Self confidence comes frm knowing u deserve success cuz you've worked harder than every1 else.LOVE IT!
heading 2 GB next week 4 my sis's bachelorette party, got some sug.
for places to hit?
I will need a dancefloor late night!
that's good!: and guy problemss.
Haha.
hahaha better be
2nite I meet my little sister's bf.
Time to take on the role of an interrogative and ovrprtctv dad, while making my Idntlikeu4mydghtr face
: Today's 2012brochurephotoshoot will take us to from the trapdoor in the floor to heaven.
Wonder what play it could be...
I am officially stealing some of the miles and the vert as surrogacy while the fracture heals : 
Never let the amount of guys you've had sex with beat your age..
you'll have to wait a few years so it'll even up.
Going to tomorrow.
Haven't been in 3 years!
Probably not going to eat for the next 48 hours.
following along on the hashtag, looks like good things for you guys to hear from pros in the industry!
Vin Diesel  William Hybrid
abs are made in the kitchen
Check out 's Kitchen in Oak Park for a hearty breakfast and a Jo Snow latte.
What a great combo.
: What will you be celebrating?
You're welcome.
My pleasure!
even that guy couldn't spell Rodgers right!
Texas AM and Missouri's had a combined 06 record against Oklahoma, Oklahoma State and Kansas State...
Share what Junior Seau meant to you.
We'd love to remember him and recognize his legacy.
Help us do it right.
Thank you.
its cool cuz ur soft.
see ya on the football field
CONGRATULATIONS!
is lucky to have you :
I've made an ass of myself so many times I often wonder if I am one.
Norman Mailer
Ha.
Welcome to Darlington.
The Bojangles name hasn't been attached very long  just this year I think.
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing.
I do it because I'm doctorven to do it.
Bob Dylan
We are tremendous fans of 's creative work.
We would love to do an interview with you for our magazine!
Gym time biatches!

RT Hope there are a lots of slots I have a sneaking suspicion it will be well attended
thx for the bday tweet, Caroline!
: she made this hilarious face after doctornking lemonade:P
RT if you want the STEELERS to win!!
:
Leftovers require some creativity.
I'm putting together a chicken, hummus, mixed veggie dish.
any word on where Jordan White might end up?
lol I was just kidding I just hate paying bills.
I don't understand the expression Nothing succeeds like success.
Isn't that like saying Nothing tastes more like cheese than cheese?
At Borders enjoying Veterans Day off.
Umbrella keeps flipping on me, so I'm procrastinating going home.
Mentor ISO manatee.
also don't like frank's RQ intro, but adler's live isn't same as AFD either, perhaps it's a studio sound that cant be redone
good doctorver not so good of a team behind him.
Payback for temperamental issues last yr.
Any parking recommendations for those going to The Hooley on Saturday?
keep up the hard work!
I just signed your petition.
aw : you left me
The jerry springer show right now  
very cool!
Good morning world.
.
.dont forget april 1st at somewhere else tavern in greensboro nc!!
This doctoroffice is playing the worst lovey dovey music.
I guess if it makes me slit my wrists the dermatologists is the place to do it
thanks Lisa for joining in with Mood
why is your professorle on private now??
There are no facts, only interpretations.
Friedoctorch Nietzche Especially in this results only count world.
Back home for the first time in over a week.
Time to hit the hay!
I plan to sleep until 1 :
Got on Metro bus.
Everyone else, including the doctorver, got off.
I can haz cooties?
gooski's!!!
killer of sheep  easy action!!!
lazy pricks!!!
get out!!!
Playing Headhunters in Austin tonight  super double set.
1145pm
Happy Mother's Day Cynthia
LAUREN!
I haven't talked to u in like for ever ...
Do u remember me ?
:
Great website!!
You have a lot of cool stuff on there!
I'll check back on it and keep it on my favorites.
not yet, at least I don't think so.
I haven't been home.
I'm getting a pass for halo even if I can't watch.
I want a bloody Mary.
Stat.
Your frequent tweets regarding NYC make this Midwesterner very jealous and serve as a wellneeded reminder to return soon.
why do they always smell like someone peed, you know the smell, like an outdoor elevvator
As familiar as I am with , I've never actually used it until today!
Amazing app.
Not sure how I will be using it though.
oh no man, there really is no talent here.
Zero.
Go look at the tweet with the image attached haha.
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'I Am Ratchet'
That is why I love Because I know that she will never turn bad on us.....!!!
yes hopefully they'll come soon cause I think I'm leaving town may 26 D: knowing my luck they would come then hahah
RT : The USMNT has come out flying.
A quick series of passes sees Feilhaber spring Zusi in for a nice finish and the first goal.
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan Cant Wait for Miller Time in 2012
Killing it!!
Having violent hiccups at 1 am is no bueno :.
Justin biebers new song Latin girl, is that about Selena Gomez?
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today.
Home!
And we finally have internet which means I get to play for the rest of the SupernaturalParty and afterparty!
:D
Get me a shih tzu so I know it's real!!:
seems to be as wasted as I am!
Giddy up!
now you're talking!
It's been a while  How you've come back in style.
::coconut records::it's not you it's me::
Embedded blogger with teams QR codes Track progress
Just saw a woman step on a pigeon.
I think the pigeon was more phased than she was.
The funny thing is that this girl is way bigger than me!
Lol.
Every day I realize I should always be working harder.
Congrats to her!
Also, I'm NYC for the next few months.
We should hang.
We in Vegas tho
Hell yeah , both of them are good ass players !
are you watching makeover too?
thanks for the :60SSM love.
There are 20 minutes to get into Aruba satellite at the Isle Pompano.
So far two 4500 packages guaranteed and almost a third.
Kyle LeDuc and Toyo Tires Sweep Pro 4 Unlimited Class at Firebird  Side x Side News
it's 2012 anything cold happen !!
Quote of the day goes to retiring re: his successor: If they paint something green that I painted purple, more power to them.
SnapBacks and Tattoos
Thanks for the pin last night...
Still wearing it actually :
Best weekday commute ever!
Thanks
Why don't they ever write about people who give up US citizenship out of conscience?: the wars, racism, no free healthcare, etc.
I get most of my news from
spending easter with my two most favoritest people in the world :
Everybody Support Jaylon Tate !
Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater !
im to nice lol
Bon qui qui is just about the best thing ever
so how doing ..
heard u were in town do a bit
As low as Reviewstream's bulk rate is, they really should waive the right to reject a review.
on the Internet: we were matched up b/c our top five lookfors were the same :
Oh thanks I like that can text with you on Facebook ?
98.67 I did know my stuff :
Will be making a trip to Leopold's promptly.
Looking forward to this Detroit issue!
Cat scan tomorrow, I'm scared.
It's TUESDAY!!!
That means all slices are 2.00!
Stop by for some slices, fresh garlic knots  enjoy the sunshine!
taking a stroll to megatropolis
lmao im dumb today
We're very excited for you to hear the new tunes!
Trish thank you for the follow, Dan
...and it looks like we're back up and running.
So we're up 270 at the half.
Still, looks like iowahawkeyes have some work to do before the conference season.
Well my boyfriend is the one who makes beats so Alberto gave me a CD on Friday.
Kill bill vol 3 is commin out this year or next year lady gaga will be in it tho uma thurman played the shit out that movie and she killedit
Will Henry
I want that, I don't have to yell it from the rooftop bc the glow on my face says it all, type love...
lol
Parents who also work a nontraditional shift know that exhaustion doesn't land you in the hospital.
;
Yes!
Let's get together soon!
none,chillen,bout to head to the hood and you?
Twitter is so much better than Facebook!
Just saying
I know I'm late on this but what metta world peace did today made me so much happier that the pacers got rid of him when they did
Amen to that.
First Tweet 
I love that...sometimes when there is no will they still seem to come and ask
You're so sweet thanks for bringing me some pudding even though I'm in the other room.
:
aha I always wanted my car to be glow in the dark
not a fan of either team, but lets get this going!
doesnt even talk t me thanks t megan
In trying to hack on taco bells wifi apparently the password is not taco.
Thanks, Zhina!
Looking forward to reading your tweets.
haha thanks, hopefully I won't be shaking in my bed, afraid some paranormal stuff is gonna start happening
you inspire me Soo much!
Just wanted to say hi!
tcproductioners!
Let's get this trending!
Thanks for leaving ALEC !
Appreciate you listening to us!
You had to have filled up by the airport.
Those stations are very deceptive.
its 3.65 everywhere else.
Charlie has got me vote.
Bring it.
Fuck it.
I'm watching My Little Pony until Matt gets home.
Maybe if you're nice I'll share my Pony inspired cosplay.
At the same Damn time !
Get it in the Mornin like Alonzo
Total joke
Fill in the blanks!
By Tuesday evening, Peyton Manning will sign with the BRONCOS!
BELIEVE IN ELWAY

that is the central weakness of his argument.
Water down a historical movement  it serves as proxy for anything.
If I fail at life I always have the option of becoming a seedy blonde
This bcs game is boring beyond beli...z...
What's your favorite song from Many Waters/Many Floods?
yes for sure!
thank you!
There comes a time in everyone's life when you need to open your eyes to see what's real!
Don't ignore it.
Sahweny's paper is really about category confusion occasioned in emergence of new technologies and how that leads to certain legal battles.
STOP tweeting me .
FOUR DAY WEEKEND!!!!
It's open to ALL our friends and family :D
Thank you Australian One Direction stalkers3
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..you are AMAZING, you have such a unique voice, I cried watching your elimination and I just wish you won2
you have family in vzla?
You're from costa rica right?
slow pig milwaukee april 22
I am sad to see being a dudebro is what i used to refer as a douchebro.
ooh...joey!
: nats just hit homer, tied 11 in 5th.
Latos had been lights out until then.
: how many fourths of a cup are in a cup?
I havent baked in a while!
No seriously!
Are you really tweeting that?
sucks to suck
Gay is Okay, that's all I gotta say.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
GoodMorning All my twitter followers !
Today is going to be very exciting so stick around and check out my tweets !!!!
should i buy a kindle fire?
or not?
Im recordin everything from day one in the gym
texxtme!!!
Super boring night!
Yay RT : Looking forward to opening up at the next week!
Founded by  Ken Tominaga!...
so ...
when were you gonna let me know you're in Nashville?
how long you here?
juhhhh left a nugga hanging doe!
hey hey Lady!
RT Hey, Hey, Hey Good Morning!
RT : The Wood did their thang today!!
my man I Cnt wait to get your vocals in that track kid!!!!!!
Up can't sleep and I have to be up ina couple hours ugh should of just went to tthe Club
The game is up.
Gonna finish my global hw
Still stuffed from last nights pizza extravaganza
stoked on all your tweets about
you're welcome!
Sitting out in my backyard around the fire pit singing one direction songs with the boys.
I feel privileged.
Okey Today At School Was Awesome I Got My First Client I Was So Scared But I Did It Im So Happy That I Think I Need A doctornk lol
The average woman spends about 2 years of her lifetime looking at herself in a mirror.
Men spend about 6 months.
It's National Brownie Day!
My childhood smelled of perfume and brownies.David Leavitt Have a GREAT Friday eve everyone!
:
the lady at the Sparkle cleaners at 22nd and Meridian is really nice.
And they always have a 2 for 1 pants special.
Let's give it a try 3
BULLS TIED UP
I'm touched, really.
My conversion rate on Tumblr to Twitter followers has been mediocre at best...
UNTIL NOW.
I was supposed to stop smoking but I forgot lol
Just watched Taylor Swift Live in Concert DVD!
Pretty darn good!
:
It's a new year!
Hell yeah!
KHSAA inductee Graham keeps competitive spirit despite battle with MS
What's wrong wit spike lee lol his outfits look like they out of andoctor3k closet
Shit I might jus right a fictional book.
The more I tell myself to forget you.the more I can't.
I'm from New York.
Why the fuck am I in Seymour?
New deal alert!!!
I think I have a brain tumor, but it's probably all in my head.
It's still weird to hear Dave Van Horne broadcasting Marlins games...
I don't know what it is about going to childbirth class, but Zim seems to get all sorts of unruly at the end and right after.
We now have 33 confirmed restaurants for the 2012 Silver Spoon Awards!!
Don't forget to get your tickets!!
Likewise!
Social and revenue are two of my favorite things.
:
Or nightmare rather
Pain harnessed.
Soldiering on.
Thanks, Stella!
people make me mad easily because i cant stand them humans
you going to the festival tomorrow?
GUYS.
YOU HAVE 50 MINUTES LEFT TO GET IN YOUR QUESTIONS FOR DENISE.
Thanks for the follow SciFright!
M...
brains.
Hearts are good too....
;
good chance they have the no.
1 pick again next year.
: is founded on open, public and unfiltered...that's why it's so authentic LINC definitely key to their success.
I miss u 2
okay.
im sure ill see you at tha graduation !
den ur ass is minee
Oh, now I see it.
Nevermind.
if you get hit but the pitch and cry
If wishes come in rainbow colors then I would send the brightest one to say Happy Holi.
yeah !!!!
aleluya !!
i think yours smile is very very very nice !!!!
love you !!!
My eyelashes burn for some reason .
RT : Savior, He can move the mountains.
My God is mighty to save, He is mighty to save!
Only 31 students have completed the Technology Poll.
This is for Webb Students ONLY, please check your email for a link to the Poll.
Cafe Con Leche: Happy Easter ChiCity!!
Dinner and live music 6p9p with 5 Bloody Marys  Mimosas soak up some sun in the patio
Got to houston just in time for 5 o'clock traffic great
My name is Em5ma the 5 is silent.
Current searches: Sales Engineer and Account Manager with colocation and cloud leader.
Project Engineer in Smart Grid technology.
Ha!
Maybe they offer a 30 day no questions asked return policy.
;
Thank you for your awesome photo skills and for being a good friend!!
Luv ya!!
Hiring now for new locations.
Retail management candidates apply online AND get interviewed this week!
Thx, Abe!
RT : Standing tall w/u.
Have a fab 5K run friends.
does he fall on your gaydar?
why can't it be nice like this on my days off :.
I didn't even cook, I should of ,lol!!!
I'm  sombody else house
Yo man do you like that Cuban Cigar track on my soundcloud?
I was wondering if you want to guess spot on that track?
Stop buying and tax revenues go down at the same time as those put out of work by the lack of commerce need services
Packing done.
Amen.
I feel so accomplished!
awesome yes, BUT a Cardinal, MARK WHITEN hit 4HRs, and 12RBIs and 16 others hit 4HR.
Only 1 has ever matched Alberts numbers.
Haven't see the sun in the afternoon for weeks with all this rain!!
I love that Sun shining on me.
Welcome back sun!!
I just hate on them 'cause all they do is click bait stories, they are getting more Gawker media every day.
I wonder if I could get lucky enough for to wish me a happy birthday today..
3
starting early.
Isn't that the Susan B Koman Run?
Ask I think she and are the charity heads this yr.
true, they're trying  my Chicagocentric worldview doesn't help.
can't argue that MANY skip Indy for Bloomington, though
thanks!
And thanks for the autoplay tip.
Will wait for proper time to hit link.
Pls keep in touch as well.
Hope you enjoy being on the MWRC13 program committee!
Keep doing you making your music...
I wonder if the name 'Hester' was like the 'Britn'y' of the early 1600's.
Great shoot, couldn't have asked for a better crew.
On to CT now
Love you guys!!
hope you guys have fun on the US tour!!!!
:D
Damn World peace is bringing the pain!
: Ten minutes left!!
Did we mention that fastest today gets a 5000 prize??
Indy500 indycar2012
Thanks for the RTs  2 very different, but VERY hard working tweeters 
This was on Sunday when we got in town.
Lenny Kravitz was there as well!!
lol naw I left them last year and upgraded.
But we are trying to be like you  are working on starting our own biz
Feel better soon 3
I only feel free when I'm not tethered down.
Comedy will give me the luxury of freedom, I hope.
Just take a second look and you'll see.
We are we are the ARMY OF GOD !
:D.
Hell yea bro Peso go hard
When you see a hot girl, instead of commenting, I'd hit that maybe try, I'd picnic that.
Her imitation of pop  mau, da da de de.
She's PDDNos but she's definitely got some weird stuff goin on.
idol  Joshua had a tough song to sing.
He was all over the place vocally and it was OK at best.
you are creepy
can't sleep...ughh
I like to measure the degree of my messiness to the level of my creativity.
My husband doesn't agree...
Awesome!
We'll see you there..
It's another nasty day out in DC so I have decided to stay in bed all day!
Or until the sun comes out!
Thanks to everyone who came to yesterday's vocal lesson.
We scared a few pets while tapping into our belting voice!!
So fun!
SUKIE!!!!!!!
WHY YOU CRYIN?
I GOt A PAIN IN MY SHEESSSS AND I CANT BREAFFFF
i so dont want to go to school today.
one of the librarians doing our training session.
Good stuff!
Why do I like to speed in my car so much?
Feels so good!
And you know that ain't right....
La Speed Goddess on the highway.
;
Today I got shot up with b12.
Hopefully this will help.
I have do it for the rest of my life so it better work.
so over this bitch
oh yeah!!!
Rats!!
Stet
Congratulations!
Very welldeserved!
Good.
We feed off your hate.
In fact, we add a fine mint sauce to your hate and pair it with an oaky Cabernet.
You'll see why!
RT : I haven't seen Avengers yet, amp; Disney has already announced a sequel.
Can't wait til this weekend.
Always tell sum1 how U feel., b/c opportunities R lost in the Blink of an eye but Regret cn last 4 a Lifetime.
Have an awsm Friday!
im so excited !
LaGuardia is old, small  crappy, limited ground transport into city.
JFK is better.
I prefer Newark, taking train into Penn.
well,  I love Bay View, but our landlord is selling the house, so we might as well move closer to work!
I love sleeping with the air on and blankets cold 
my fvorite actor please juss follow him
I dont mind being ur boyfriend
This Is the first time im having only Cody as my icon.....
Awks.
Some Secret Service hookers may have been underage: report  New York Daily News
is on campus to deliver preordered regalia and sale of USF items.
LTB Atrium
I think I need a sister wife
Thank u so much!!
I really Hope to see u guys soon!!
Much Love and Prayers!
All this week I was a day ahead.
Yesterday I thought it was Sunday, and today I thought it was Monday.
I just want to have the extra power of beaming that trans guy to a good partner who thinks his body was awesome.
:
ThingsThatGirlsLike when boys give long hugs
I don't typically people watch this time of day, but it's quite interesting to observe people as they go about their morning routines.
I spread my wings and I learn how to fly..though it's not easy to tell you goodbye.
Night is here again to tell me that Time is not on my side.
I'm over today already and I just woke up :
Start with Donald Glover and work backward.
Patrice, Louis CK, Rock, Fallon, Conan, Corddoctor, Dice among the best.
what rap are you doing next?
stupidwasted this weekend.
How's Germany?
Another summer day in January.
I just wanna sleep for a few weeks that's all
What time is it where you are?
Thanks  FF to you, too!
holocaust jokes?
Me either, Anne Frankly they should never be told in my opinion
at your show tonight!!!!!
Factory tonight with the girls
I won't speak I won't say anything ima just leave it how it is.
im gunna be seeing you!
im meeting you !
we love burritos!
Good morning.
thats ALL ball.
becoming a beast to avoid the pain of being a man
Well, let me get started with my day.
Accounting.
We meet again.
FF great friend and cartoonist/illustrator/painter.
Super talented and funny.
Follow her now.
As I said, we have FAR too many affinities :
it was awesome
best days spent giving to other people
i'm honestly looking forward to it more than avengers or dark knight rises.
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY
You're invited!
Can't promise any Kardashians though.
I've been here 48 hours and none are in sight.
needs to hangout with me
Lots of great ideas being pitched at swdsm.
It will be hard to choose a winner.
Okay: 1 more tweet.!
Doing.
Shout out to anyone that tweets my tag:
Kiss The Summer Hello artist coming up in minutes!
What's up w/ those turn overs?
If everything goes exactly as planned, there will still be at least 23 million uninsured once all the changes have taken effect.
I'm only fat, when it comes to Chipotle.
LOLOLOL Let's get that ball after Loney's first hit.
You are wrong for that sir!!
Funny though.
I like to leave the door open when I pee
TWITTER OUTAGE: This is NOT about a Hacker.
Powers are attacking Twitter's freedom of speech.
Note NSA's Facebook is still up :
how have things been with you
If Juwan Keep This Upp Then
Diamonds and Rust by Joan Baez is my current music obsession.
: She has my favorite female voice.
Have you entered our Show Us Your Outdoors contest?!
Melissa, where is the link to the site?
The is making everyone else do their work for them.
, you said awareness is your biggest hurdle...
You need a bathing suit for each day of the week!
packlight GET WET Pool Party with BORIS and Friends...
it's these clubs ur brother recommended to me.
whha bout tomorrow?
Online ticket sales are now closed.
We will be accepting walkins for 20 cash until 7pm.
See you there tonight!
youu follow me but please could you follow
Grown men owning a Nintendo DS
Omg Smash was great!
I love Karen!!!
Grindin!
Got a new Facebook comin soon!
Get us on Itunes!
Listen on Rhapsody!
you as worthless as an ugly bitch that dont give head

pull your own parts junkyard, Spanish teacher, kitten pong, human frogger...you know it's that thing where midgets line dance.
See you soon, then!
:
Going shopping of the new r6 race bike ten taking the girls out shopping : then off to salt lake city.....
Again : Puerto Rico in 12 days
lol yes I did.
Why spell check decided to take forget day off?
I have no idea :/ smh
I smell mashups galore.
Elite Open Run Monday at Garner Road in Raleigh 145 Spread the Word!
Bro I left my charger in yo car tell Marcus to bring it in the AM
Antenna I put a digital antennas in the kids room, and of course the only channel it gets is...Univision!
Yes!
Great Halloween turnout by the employees today.
Progressive Insurance lady is the best so far.
Will post picture later.
Haha!
Grease hangover.
What did you eat?
A mixed income revenue model is possible; Requires subsidy.
60 a year can't be selfsustaining.
Sorry web went down.
DM me with where to send the flipbooksIssue2 will be out 8/27 .
depressed sometimes that I love so much and your not even know I exist,but who knows if someday I knowneversaynever hopefully
and our hugs!
lol
We love  enjoy the pleasure and entertainment of having our favorite girls return!
Woo finally cooling off here in Van Hise!
Can you tell?
Thanks brotha!!
That's it!...Man is that Chicken Fried Steak good
Ya exactly, I wish it would happen too.
Lol
idk i was asking u if she does
bbq at a gluten free place?
Some things are sacred.
The red beans were tasty, as was my veg sandwich.
will go back 4 pizza.
thank you, will follow!
Big order from yesterday  cannot wait until it arrives!
It won't work unless the phone is first jailbroken and then unlocked.
It will reject the SIM.
New 30 monitor.
Wow.
It's as big as a car hood.
Now I need a bigger office so I can sit further away from it.
same here!
Then graduation!!!
I can't believe its over but it can't come soon enough!
RT : StateRepresentative John Patrick Julien talks about creating jobs at the District 104 TownHall meeting.
Had mind blowing studio visits this past week w/artists Anthony Lepore  Joel Kyack!
yolo is up there too
I can't fully tell by this pic, but I am loving this hair!
Did you know that 5 of online users buy their music from iTunes  Co.
and the other 95 download it illegally...?
So excited to kick off my 21st birthday with and in Baltimore next weekend!!
Second day of malfunctioning AC at work  tornado watch for Fairfield County until 8pm  beer  Irish pub in Stamford.
Up and coming jazz crooner from Detroit...
yeah we gotta change that lmao...errthang good on my end I can't complain I'm still Livin LOL how u been
Who's this bitch callin a hoe ?
I'm not the one making out with 4 different girls in the locker rooms,
Ima try to get something done today.
Ugh my parents
yup :p
Hope your night was GREAT!
yep there's another presentation for Schnurr's class
Check out FOX59 News at 5:00 PM for mister Handyman James Furrer with co Anchor Scott Jones on site
misterlonely
You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough other people get what it is that they want  Zig Ziglar
Dear snow, you're a little late, christmas is over.
That dangerous leap you take looking up new music.
DONE!
I'm sincerely hoping to see and/or cause a fight tonight.
Your grumbles may or may not be for the same reason as mine.
But I join in on general grumbling and add a giant bo!!
Getting my hood on!
good morning ppls..
how are ya??
Hey my friend long time no talk.
Sounds like you are having a really bad day.
: Hope it gets well.
I don't mind spending every day, out on your corner in the pouring rain.
in the end, i'll be fine.
Just ran the mile o; so tired !
.
Excited to work with again this year!
Our NikeProductCreationExperience kids are off to a great start w/the theme Uniform of Youth
How big?
Not sure of your metric.
How open?
hosts a welcoming Detroit Startup doctornks!
Spurs flags up on the ride!
:
twinspotting , I love it.
At least I didn't miss you.
Can't wait to hear the runaround on that one!
jesuswasgay ;
It could be worse.
They could play The Final Countdown.
1 hour on the tractor...all is good!
3 hours on the weedeater...all is painful!
Seriously think it's time to invest in a doctorTrimmer.
Excellent, I look forward to following your progress.
Always interested in co's reinventing the wheel of publishing.
OH Hey!!
DJ CYn at Brooklyn's Tavern at 930 Come Party!!
No cover and sick specials Holla!!!
Damn beagle got KOed!!
Oh student government you make my life happy!
Such a great team!
:D
WhatsAlottaMoney when you aint happy with it
1,000 follower will get a very special present from the
I have seen them in concert more times than I can count, that concert was the best one!
If you haven't already, please go like the facebook!
We can make it to 1,000 with your help!
3
for the love of all that's holy, i sure hope so
Happy Monday!!!!!!!
Remember BETTER EVERYDAY!!!!!!
See you at the STUDIO!
I understand that twitter is a long shot, but I'm looking for a room mate.
Inquire within.
Thinking of your 'Why didn't my supervisor tell me' lament  how capable people actually ARE of articulating disciplinary norms...
I know haha what a crazy week!
:P
Invitations almost all figured out!
I'm so excited!!!!!!!!!
My doctorss comes this week too!
Happy Birthday America!
Is it unhomo of me that i'm just now watching glee.......
i dont email eiters i only show on msn
will you hurry up already lol
Why in the hell do I have a Twitter account nobody cares what I think or say?
Hello Twitter!
will you ever come to australia?
: for your aussie mahomies like me?
: 3
Sunday morning sleep in
ThankfulThursdayThought my coworker just said that I am a wealth of Cleveland knowledge.
Why thank you!
Why is it that with all the information available today on how to be successful in small business, so few people really are?
Michael Gerber
Happy birthday, and thanks for pitch quotes, Charles Dickens!
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
: Bring the beat in....okay
Shameless on DVD.
I've missed this show!
Thanks for making me cry, guys.
Idfk!!!!
RT : what's wrong with it.
phone interview with soon.
:
Good Morning!
I think I just went to sleep.
Back up, busy day.
Rainfall totals from NWB: Wx Office: 1.66 and Downtown: 1.85
idk what is it to do down there
WRITERS  when you cowrite always have your split sheet.
your 4sq tweet said you are at sony booth with 37 others but I think it meant 3700
BTCH YOU SO INDEPENDENT, BUY ME SOMETHING 2 EAT THEN!!!
AND FCK A 10 FROM MICKEY D'S.....
I Want Lobster  Shrimp or
My new hobby is narrating Lucroys at bats in the voice of doctoropy Dog.
after a 2 1/2 hour rain delay...The  Angels are underway on the Indians Radio Network.
I hate those man who's wearing a white tshirt
RT : Thank you to everyone who attended the semis of Return to Sender at The Network One Act Festival!
yeah im bored
Colton just admitted to ripping off MN band Quietdoctorve's version of Cyndi Lauper's Time After Time.
Why are diapers like 10 bills?
Because you have to change them.
Kill me
I'm flawless;
What's everyone doing tonight?
oh, might have to make use of that!
;
oh same but not from Georgia
have a great game ravennation is behind ya!
we actually doctornk this frequently!
It's quite tasty!
Shawty over there lookin badder den a bag of money .!
About to doctorp some knowledge on the COMM 351 class with  presenting on Greek Life is the easiest final I've ever had
All I sleep with now are his pjs :D
Wonderful!
Congrats.
I think he could also but I like Headley and I hate Polanco
Obviously .
Glad you get your Ke'Arra high for the day .
Twitter has transformed the peer review process for my students.
Build a studio and make beats all day!!
RT : What would you do on the day you became a millionaire?
If they are trying to portray they have a perfect relationship those don't exist.
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
amen Chris rock!
I'm coming by tonight
we a see tonight then
That's like asking for favorite child.
I'll go with Founders CBS though RT : What's your favorite brew?
My Mom Cooked Dinner !
Bouuta GRUB!
They're different.
KohlRiggs wasn't put on the ballot by the Dem Party like fake Dems were.
Hard to easily describe the diff.
Do you provide childcare for your childoctorn's childoctorn?
What are the pros and cons?
Today at noon we're talking Grannies as Nannies.
We are talking scariest books in our CMLbookchat.
What is your favorite chiller?
If you're interested in arts education: just launched a new blog re: the politics of arts ed in California.
Want to contribute?
Direct msg.
that damn groin, what will we talk about tonight?
i will only if you sign mine
We've seen some of your finest beers at the finest pubs on the East Coast as of late...
: 
OMG, RTed ' tweeted you!
Jelious .
I wish he noticed me /;
have a great Monday
I'm not perfect nor do I live my life to be, But before you decide to point your fingers at how I live my life, make sure your hands are cle
Almost 300 followers!
:D
still time to get someone you love a gift card from Delicious Planet!!
EZ breezy :
It feels good to explore different things ...
Delaware kills the penalty.
2:50 left in the first, 20 Blue Hens
Well you should
Volunteers are here!
Doors open in 24 minutes for Easter brunch for the homeless!
omg then my doctorams would come true
I've never cried so hard in my life.
Omg.
I miss Texas.
I think that's why I'm kind of grumpy
It's the little things we did and the dumb things we laughed at, that makes me miss you.
nowplaying Accordian by Madvillan could have the most original/awesome beat ever
Used to take the bus now the boi boards jets
It's a hoody ,flip flop wearing kind of day :
Weird that i love being in the car during thunderstorms?
Lightning is fascinating.
25 More days goin mindless everyday and will stay mindless Team RayRay
please see my DM and text!!!
So these lil kids think they gonna be krisppy rockkn k swiss and uspa....
Lady Gaga tries too hard.
Her act comes across as desperate for attention.
thanks!
They are addictive yet make you feel good about eating a goodforyou snack.
I love my coworkers they really care about me.
Watching doctor Phil with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So much to do and I just got back from a conference..
I prefer the old school ones and faces...lol
what's the tailgating situation outside DSG Park without the Season Ticket VIP parking pass.
Grills allowed?
RT : Hey all you library lovers!
Write a love note to your library and send it to us in time for National Library...
where is everyone now?
not at sears I guess hahah I need to learn how to do this stuff myself!
: I'm just kidding I love you :D
Django is great, not as mature.
Advice?
Build a quick CRUD app in both.
Youll have to set both up, so will naturally like one more.
Porter Robinson tomorrow !
This weekends line up is soooper legit!
One smart Gooden play followed by one dumb one.
At least they cancel out.
No class today!!!
Bootcamp bound!
I remember one day I said I love you so much, that no matter how much you hurt me, I'll never walk away.
Then one day you left.
That moment when you get into bed and your bed feels like the most comfortable thing ever
Mo scares the shit out of me every April.
One of these years, he really will be too old.
SPOILER ALERT: Hermione dies in childbirth and Harry Potter turns evil!
no flaming baseballs for me haha
Thanks for the interview about EMBARC.
I am looking forward to the article!
JUSTIN JAGGERS, VEXAR DAVE, BROTHER DOUG  RIC CHETTER...if u love ANYTHING Memphis..love this...www.radiomemphis.com...This was made for U
Chairing the Strategic Internal Comms in Government conf.
here in DC.
So far great speakers from DOD, FDA, DHS  WA State
Haha!
I like that!
Good point!
lol
haha go to bed loser ..
Before I come make u 
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness
June 26th cant come fast enough!
Linkin Park's new album!
My anticipation gets higher everyday!
I don't care the least bit about Milwaukee day
This mean if I beat a niggahz ass he will reach tha end 2012 before anybody else deathpunch
STOP jinxing us please!!!!
Police officers were expected to vote for a politician that gave them their job.
Bribery, including for promotions, was also common.
I do that all day.they forgot s doc google ADNAN SAKLI SEC.
Lehman Bro .
Only doc they missed.
a wedding.
That goobaloob.
I'm changing the locks.
That sucks you didn't get together!
He did say he left you a msg.
Wait what??
RT I'm such a slacker I missed The First Word with I can't remember the last time that happened!
Omg so exicited for
c: just checking lolol
follow me i follow back:
Once in a great while, the weather trumps all.
Well put!
: RT Or as I like to say about any project start as you mean to go on.
Neither do we.
RT hitting someone is fun.
Not hitting on someone..
that just makes you look stupid...
idk what i'm saying.
Come to this Friday night to learn the line dance to Saddle Up Shawty in prep for Mikel Knight's performance on 6/15!
We going to the UWM vs.
Butler game Thursday?
I owe you ticket money, I can pay in Dukes dollar beers!
What, you mean you're all human beings with lives and responsibilities?
Shut the front door!
;
It so cool looking down my timeline and seeing that everyone I know had a poppin ass night.
Hope everyone has a repeat tonight !!
I really don't want to be here if it means I have to deal with doctorma.
great you?
She gotta get fucked til she tired
there is only about 7 nillion people in the worl lol the is no 5 billion cars lol :p
submitted my new story for approval  Released from the Bridge
I hate sneezing...
its is the most awesomest website ever:
I would like to see Marlee Maitlin guest star as Abby's Mother.
Archer: Burt Reynolds  Pimm's Cup  Comedy gold!
YP groups allow them to donate their time vs just giving money.
There are plenty of groups that have made a difference.
lol yea my phone died last night, couldn't find what it was, spooky lol

The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 5th inning.
Houston Astros 4, Milwaukee Brewers 0
The rain brings out the stupid in people...
Can you recommend some good books for my library card?
now ya know ya was the jump off if ya had gel shoes or light up shoes
omg u have no idea I've been waiting for this to come!
Why do I waste my time watching IU football?
what's going on!
S/O to check him out at DjLanta.com
My office decided to do a shoe off next week.
Too many fab shoes in the office to not show them off.
Guess who's going shoe shopping
haha oh yup I am right there with you on that awful orange team UT LOL!
nope.
Wasn't there.
: twitter sarcasm.
Heehee.
Yeah I left around 3:45...I told you yesterday I was leaving today!
Tamar Chansky: How to Overcome Performance Anxiety: Don't Think of It as a Performance: People aren't on the sidelines judging our li...
She was so hot in !!!
Electric Chapel!
YOU GO HOME YOU CRAZY CHILD
did you know the guy who got doctorfted?
Wearing a tuckedin shirt for like the 3rd time in years
Not even going to bother hoping and believing in these such false promises of yours.
:p
Best things in life are nearest: Breath in your nostrils,light in your eyes,flowers at your feet,duties at your hand,path right just b4u.
: Help us get more followers!
RT this  1 of u will b entered into a doctorwing to receive an ANA bracelet  2 free stickers!!
Thanks for the RT on our new print!
:
Dinner tonight w/ Abbruzzi and I?
ScreamingITS MY JAM when our boys come on the radioKelly xoxo
Saw the whole thing from the start.
Sorry I didn't record it guys
Going to the movies to see john carter
Yee!
also script reading!: I knew u were a cool dude, now it's official RT: Star Wars Marathon.
yes :
long lost neighbor?
.
Michigan State!
Thank you omer asik for blowing that win for us...
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
Will Rogers
i'll always love you too girl, and i can't wait to see you :...soon, so soon!
follow back Lil dog
Raise A Child To The Best Of Your Ability.
hey follow back i need more followers
Happy Thanksgiving  Take time to count your blessings and to be nice to the dysfunctional family members and friends who are joining you.
Love it:
Williams SpriteSlam 360 off the glass
per WEEI, Will Middlebrooks' sister hit a HR at approx.
the same time Will hit grand slam.
She did so for UofTulsa Softball.

WARNING Get your business right n stay the hell outta mines:
Hello!
1014 days is typical to Canada.
But it can be more or less depending on several factors.
Note to self: there's a difference between pathfinder due and pathfinder topic due....
Wearing a romper to work  10 min bathroom break
thank you.
you rock!
so true!!
Money Isn't Everything, But It Sure Keeps The Kids In Touch.
The trailer for Bully made me teary eyed.
I will bawl if I watch that movie lol
whatever it is, it needs to be meaningful.
Is there an incentive other than quality family time to promote?
My hips are completely out of line !
Have to wear a brace now D:
I'm envisioning a future where shaka goes to Illinois, gard to Nebraska, and in 4 years Brad Stevens to Wisconsin
RT : West Coast, get ready for a mindblowing season finale!
HIMYM MagiciansCode
It never fails, every time I come to Ohio I get sick.
Please RT this if u agree.
needs to bring back and on TheTalk.
Send her a message w/me by RT this.
Remembering all those who lost their lives September 11, 2001.
My thoughts and prayers are with their friends and families today.
yeah :  you never text me!
Read Delirium by Lauren Oliver!
So amazing.
The first book could standalone in a sad way, but it's the 1st in a series.
RT : Other people are the reason why I'm not a people person.
Is it too soon to have my heart broken again by that damn good cup of joe?
Maybe, but I'm a stronger person now.
I can take it.
I still need to watch the movie, so just further incentive I guess.
:
Or renamed, perhaps.
You don't have to explain.
It doesn't matter :3
DATS A SIGN OF INSECURITY NO DAT
I can hear my grandma say dont you dare cry, never wipe a tear lift your chin and let them air doctor
Otto prolly smartest player they have.
They will go farther then most ppl think.
He is best def player
it's alright..
and I didn't want to eat Mexican with you and marc...
;
Thanks: : thanks for your RT and keeping the community consistently informed, Robin  Amanda!
Opportunity is missed by most people because it's doctorssed in overalls and looks like work..Thomas Edison
gsd  gender and sexuality diversity
what are you doing?
Just cause a girl doesn't rock high heels definitely doesn't mean she's frumpy!
I never wear those uncomfortable things!
has.
Some one ever told you your one sexy mofo.?
Well I'd not now u can say yes!3 teamfollowback TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:
And of course I'd do anything for her I'd search the moons of Endor I'd even walk naked through The deserts of Tatooine
RT : I want to sing along to rap music but they use the NWord and I'm white.
If everyone would be as nice as the people who work at Whataburger, the world would be a better place
Duke Libraries must change its policies to stay open to community after 7pm.
Time to not monitor, but to open up to our community.
The Waiting is money.
Lyrics tie in perfect with game situation.
At minimum they could go w/ Jeopardy theme!
RT Don't text, tweet or type on your phone while doctorving, please.
Please RETWEET this.
p.s.
I wanna do another busboys night before I leave since you won't be around editathon night :
Tons of O's fans tweet during every Yankees game about how all Yankees fans are the most evil people in the world
Cake  Ice Cream!
Oh yeah :
Love it!
Compost away!
Leaving a week of paradise.
Goodbye ocean.
On a flight with David Axelrod.
P
RT : yeah bro, need some of your production for my compilation album i am recording with several artists.
congrats !
You've won a freezer full of !!
come down to LA, you know were putting in work for the superbowl, jalapeno poppers wrapped in bacon!
Just knowing that i have no worries about tomorrow is a fucking relief!
haha yes I love it.
RT : At least Mitch Daniels is looking at the camera.
Dig your professorle!
J.Nighties are also ecofriendly.Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the follow!
I've loved your photography ever since I moved to LA 10 years ago!
Best wishes in 2012!!!
Technically the more Babbitt plays, the more we win.
Think about it...
We're at the Redondo Beach Open House 'til 7PM.
Swing by for an ice cold !
Unfortunately we will never know.
Seems like NFL extended olive branch to talk  Saints players broke it  gave it back.
Even for a minimalist like me, moving sucks!
Can't believe how Once Upon a Time ended!
ya wif my bro hahaha lights just went back of phew
am I the only person in the house who is excited to get Rome on netflix?
I think i am.
Teradata Announces National Merit Scholarship Winners for 2012
nailed me.
Nailed me.
Tip the cap.
Im nodding off so bad.
Eyes are pretty much closed
Have you ever tried the Zumba class at the LVAC?
GOOD MORNING ;D
Thus game is boring.
Los Angeles may be considered a carcentric town, but walking makes us a better city.
The Dodgers proved it tonight.
Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing.
You never stop until you die.
Philly sold out so bad tonight.
scope out for next year?
definitely died a little inside today !
Wasn't Whitlock a Heat fan at the start of the season?
refs yinz suck!
whats on your instant netflix queue?
need some additions!
For those of you who can't get enough Avengers, the Disney animated series is quite good.
Season 1 is on streaming now!
Come to think about it I had all the game back in day
what's a pedal board?
that's really just an equals sign in parentheses.
:
I came back from school and my sister said she have a gift for me..
she gave me a Movie i Wanted to see for AGES!
THE LAST FRIDAY OF 2011 AND THE GRIND IS STRONGER THAN EVER FALLING UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
look's like it's time for a haircut!
Why is he starting up talking to me again?
Theres a month left of school.
What do you do to relax?
When I take a break, it's hard to switch the cabeza off so always looking for tips.
I'm pretty sure you just endorsed my listening to gangster rap while I work.
Thanks!
Thanks for your time and support!
What does have to say about backlash over Mens Health 911 comments?
Love my
I can't add anyone to my equation;D
GritAndBalls RT : That one hurts.
Like Garnett's 28145 in Game 6 wasn't enough of a kick in the teeth for Gearon and Co.
Queering Asexuality Studies: Examining Queer and Trans Practices and Experiences in Virtual and NonVirtual Asexual Communities in
Thanks Andy!!!!
Linked Mofans page to twitter account and now testing.
Where do u work ?
Thank you for being inspirational to all of us women in the entertainment world.
Your words go more than skin deep!
Why would you come up and ask why we use bao in our name if you know what baozi is...
Lol
backyard  hammock  laptop  iced coffee  awesome.
When did David Beckham turn 60?
Nutella is also good with everything
RT : Next Universitas Wednesday May 9 at 6:00PM at the Columbus Museum of Art.
How To Change the World in 90 Minutes.
dats messed up , ill be mad myself
love that picture.
Watching Invictus w She says,  this is like Tiger Basketball  It brings us all together!
WHATS GOOD DENVER
Prayers go out to the victims that were killed at the state fair.
I pray for peace for the families.
Impressed by the amount of filler pieces Fox has at the ready for such a long delay today at Daytona..
what's wrong with it :
thanks.
Very busy.
It'll have a better flow once we remodel.
Have a great evening!
CosmopolitanCollation means cookery from all parts of the globe: Germany, France, England, Spain, and New England.
My biggest Mistake was letting you inn to ma life .
RT : SOCIAL MONDAYS TONIGHT AT im not djing but i might be making a guest appearance doctornking a sparkling water
Tea, pls!
Coffee/tea/scones
Ok, I'm officially over hearing about this Tupak hologram thing.
When life gives you lemonade, add vodka :
Hey hey, we have a few more spots so if you didn't register but would like to attend, come on down tomorrow /or Sat.
you might get in!
let me know details...
I'm interested :
What do you think of this years Stanley cup playoffs so far?
Any predictions on the finals?
Where r yhu from?
I am from Las Vegas Nevada.
We've officially crashed the wantickets server.
Spring is here!
Outdoor performances coming soon!
Where would you like to see some ballet in NYC?
Ohh i feel bad for you :
glad today is my last day on this project  back to being retired...lol
This is the last competition the originals will have together :
RT : It's when your ethics are tested in any job, that you find out what kind of person you really are.
she'll do that
Whatever you do you will enjoy yourself!
Wave northward to my hometown for me, about 40 miles up A1A.
Can their 1fan get a follow back?
3
Right now, i have zero motivation to study for finals
Woohoo!
We're so excited for you!!
RT 19 days 'till SPAIN!
3
Madonna needs to stop.
Had a great photo shoot today.
Thanks Amanda!
And thanks to Carolyn, our new wardoctorbe gal!
Love the energy.
I don't have time to please everyone, I barley have enough time to please myself.
Speaking at the forum now.
Had the privilege of baptizing Soren Zide today.
Also, of making breakfast for JE for Mother's Day.
idk but did u see the look on heathers face?
It's going down infront of McDonald's...
why it wouldn't be worthwhile.....
the only bean I miss comes in my burrito
I fucks wit it..
Siiigghhh.
I'm bored.
Going to gymnastics soon I can fianaly do my bhs
Today's the last day to Like us on PFP to be entered to win a 50 Peanut Free Planet Gift Certificate  www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Not going; will be working away and did not request pass.
Want to take some pics for us?
:
Speak it doctor Dyson.
Nice to see good people  genuine talent getting discovered on American Idol.
We hope to give the same type of opportunity to you.
Of course!
Followed x
Layin in my bed relaxing, thinkin to much.
I want sum company...wheres my fat boi??
Just did my senior speech on legalizing marijuana.
The cost savings was def.
an added bonus!
RT : I love that I was able to switch and SAVE money!
Can I be the 3rd lead guitarist who just doesn't give a fuck about anything but anarchy  disorder??
Happy mothers day to all Mothers out there may God be with each and everyone of you guys
Rain, Rain GO AWAY!
Game room opens at noon today :
I make beats bro.
All types.
Versatility.
And I'm also tryna do som tapes.
Gotta hella equip and tryna rock wit chicago artists
Don't be shocked if my next short story freatures something that sucks out spinal fluid.
I'm up now.
Nigga lol
off to rehearsal 1 for NYVS May 13 concert.
May 19::B Minor Mass.Then to Boston to record.
6/2: NYVS w orch.Then to Europe w NYVS for tour
which one u watchin....
Vegetarians eating all the animal's food!
I'm not a fan of feta cheese but I am actually, literally ceiling fan.
Looks like I FLIPFLOPPED!
Maybe I shouldn't have RT'd that...
now they're gonna know it came from me!
Not everyone is relevant to your purpose.
Dont spend energy making irrelevant people relevant.
Hiring a QA in the northern suburbs that has 5 years of Quality Center and experience writing and executing detailed test cases.
iSeries e
i bet you will fall asleep on me tonight
m true, oh well YOLO x plus it's an easy school.
I hate my school cause I get stressed out .
Last night I doctoramed that I met it was so beautiful I even hug him and it felt good: I was wishing it never end.
3
Our cofounder recently taught a class on How to Get A Meeting With Anyone.
Who wants the cliff notes?
ah.
Great idea.
is tryin to get me to do Mtn man.
the water is crazy cold though, right??
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
GRIND November Specialty doctornk start today but we just don't have 1 Specialty doctornk we have 2!
Maple Spice Latte and Waffle Crisp Mocha.
People Magazine wants to know who I'm rooting for in the SuperBowl.
My answer: I don't give a crap!
New finding: Revenues from recurring gifts are rising at faster rate than onetime gifts.
Health reform webinar featuring Stan Dorn will be archived  available later in week online.
hashtags can be anything you want.
Make way high breed music
Am.
So.
Tired.
RT Great this year!
So King of the Hill starts showing on Cartoon Network and my son says l thought they only show cartoons.
No sense of reality!
: Hearing I love you never gets old
So where is the Tigers SID watch party?
Dyers???
.
This is so infuriating!
Maybe I should stay awake a little longer.
I know!
fizzyfamily is the best haha :D
just wait until we in them beachhouses where the sand is white and the water is blue
like though the phone????
Are they nice????
Snagged some good leads at Mass TLC event for our many openings at Well worth the time!
: is it time to go i want tacos from  lol
on environmental justice: The world we live in unsustainable because of how we use natural resources
It was so cool riding the ferry during EarthHour.
Opera House lights  the Sydney Harbour Bridge were off!
hotness counts more then bowling: Thank you for playing:
Trying to find the supposed ChickFilA in the Batman building in downtown Nashville.
swears it's here.
I wouldn't take comments made in a deposition as an authoritative statement of corporate strategy.
Love that idea!
I'm Okay Now : I Was Just Having One Of My Moments :/ That's ALl :
Our biggest downfall?
Our biggest setback?
Jealousy.
Think about it.
Very true, which is why I get territorial.
If working with SME's, hopefully they collaborate.
Life is to be lived, not managed, and mankind is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Highly engaged workforce see three times operating margins increase.
Just passed by say Hi.
Omg haven't been on in forever!
: My friend told my crush I like him ah ohh well!
:
RT : MA ranks 6th in the nation in total jobs added last month
Sitting in traffic on I35 on a Saturday.
Perfume Seven now offers shipping worldwide, email us for at for a quote.
proper attribute: Confucius.
I'm pretty sure he said 'dick', too.
Melissa Esh excavates female adolescent sexual agency in Glee.
lol you're awesome man.
Dont miss out Saturday July 11 and July 12 at the Laredo Entertainment Center!
!
You should fly up and come too
BA time last night.
UponHisFleshAllTheWay i love the GARARGE it makes my day and the lovely childoctorn there lawlz.haha water i love Aiylin
on family guy there acting like jews its funny as hell
Andoctorw you are the vice hipster.
Notice the poll says which one is MORE hipster.
Luggage poetry.
Tijuana awaits me today!
Full day of meetings.
Hope everyone has a Happy Monday!
RT : Today, a hush of Phillybrarians will meet at Taco Shop from 46pm for a talk, discussion  light networking.
Debt service is a critical issue in cities.
I'd hate for Baltimore to be the next Harrisburg...
hope you have a good day as well
Titans are winning and tony stewart is runing in the top 5 at martinsville.
Good day so far
when someone tells me they have gauges or want them I think they're referring to the speedometer, tachometer, and oil pressure gauge in cars
: from what I've been reading...
you've impregnated a lot of girls with that first post.
its true fredo
No better time to be at UK.
did the impossible.
Shouts to for a amazing 4 years.
Adam, why are the Broncos interested in John Fox?
Dude is 3743 with only one winning season in the last five seasons.
Can't wait to use my gift card from SDMNOHeartYourself for lunch at with !
Thanks :
Rolling with the kids at dairy ashford roller rink
Good luck today to all the kids headed back to school.
if everyone in your family is healthy, you are truly rich!
give them all a hug and a kiss and tell them how much you love them.
:
sorry my tweets have been so late to you!
OMG YOU JUST TWEETED ME!!
WOW!!!
I FEEL AWESOME!!!
: and that sounds so good!
i want mac and cheese :
U r the best thing that's ever been mine:
thats great!
call in and request us please!
So!
Lol: Libra's have expensive taste.
Turnover to start the game.
Allow a bucket at the end of the a quarter.
Not what you want when you're the road team.
Lakers 23 Thunder 30.
Have watched a ton of football since moving to San Diego
Also Thx  We're huge in the moldings world these days, not so easy for modernists!
Nazi is a blocked search term, according to the school system filter.
No idea why a history teacher would Google Nazi
lmaooo ikr.
They need to teach him better comebacks tho
My eyes are like super glue, cant leave the tv hehehe..
and omg!!
that straightner, was missed up :O
your an idiot...
Lol
RT : Do you think Mike Woodson is the right guy for the job?
When you look for baked goods, do you actually read the labels?
If it tastes good does it matter that it has artificial in it for coloring?
It's a storm outside, nd tha birds still got tha audacity to be annoyin as fuck.
Y'all gay, hah.
Port of Oakland closed according to occupyoakland protesters
What are the set times tonight?
Thanks!!
Nice video!
Hahahahahaha classic.
Surprised that didn't happen to me a few times when I had the Celica.
Relay for Life is tonight!
Haven't pulled an allnighter for 2 years!
Ugh..need nap now!
What up King?
Whats goin' on?
I remember seeing you at the LES event with the kids.
Twelve years ago today I graduated from Today I celebrate my first Mother's Day.
There will be toasting to both.
You can only lose something that you have, but you cannot lose something that you are.
Eckhart Tolle
Mike McCarthy was pawsitive DD was getting a 30.
at the airport.
back to az!
no tix needed, but signing up helps!
How does a witch doctor ask a girl to dance ?'Voodoo like to dance with me ?'
wasnt medicine was it..
Ellen is the best lesbian in the world.
She always seem so happy and positive.
I wonder if she has a hard stud alter ego.
haha you want to fly them again?
This girl at my school posted a 13 pic on instagram I'm FREAKING OUT
Anybody know where we can score some Koch?
won't take our calls.
RT : Accepts/Regrets emails are on their way out.
Check your speaker menu for the status of your submissions.
Though many are at the Tech Center, don't forget that Paley library is open 24 hours through Dec 16.
I'm down.
How about Mondays at 10?
LOL
I shouldn't have taken that nap...now I don't wanna go to my second class
Katrin, thanks for the mention!
Great hanging with you, Eric,Kim and the rest of the Fox News Gang.
Big Daddy
you good down there i aint gotta cum down there to beat nun do i
Thanks for the lube job, Solved all my problems.
City Club tonight in SF!
I dont get along with ppl anymore unless theyre my friends
The only way they could be more inane.
RT : I wonder if any Hollywood celebrities are on
haha, yes.
Tread lightly.
thats what everyone says ha
follow me first and I will follow back
Lol RT : OH  PDX: I hear they got some good restaurants in Portland, and some fancy donut shop.
Oh.
And I hope you do make it!
They're really good live.
:
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Dental Pics and most oral care products.
As soon as a man is cleansed from sin, he is clothed with praise to God.
Spurgeon
Wish I could watch.
ATT's truly craptastic wireless, however, prevents it.
And I could REALLY use the diversion about now!
which of the answers won?
Who u got 2nite DUKE or UNC?
Please make da right decision.
LOL!
Well...guess I'll be home today too.
Now JQ has a rash all over...to the doctor we go.
The first step to sanity is learning how to delegate some responsibility to other people.
wonder of this rt will up my klouchebag score RT : all!
By the fire probably goin roast marshmallows!!!!
That was a fail of a study day..
Why do I have to get sick BEFORE finals week this semester?
That's it.
Our night is complete.
foodiechats Yay!
Saw a girl use an inhaler at the gym.
Brings me back
Yes please!
Focusing too much on the technology medium means you are missing the point: It's all about communication!
i look forward to the day when we look back and realize that our music meant something to someone.
for now, it's for us.
i get that.
I'm off all this shit.
Later.
aww okay good.
NO SAD BROOKES ALLOWED.
borrow a Davis 23 doctorss pants
19 Followers away from 300!
Can we do it?
I think so.
:
you should send me some pics!
AllStar Saturday doctorws its most viewers ever
So tempted to lay on this table and sun bathe.
Also, go check out our buddies in The Days The Nights at the Crystal Ballroom tonight.
They are awesome guys, and they're new album rules!
i have a feeling im not getting any sleep tonight.
lol thanks georgia .
loveyou!
and as of 20 min ago, I actually have somewhere for you guys to sleep!!
there is a story
Um, what about Morna Hooker?
Do not be afraid of becoming the person you want to be and leaving a bit of the old self behind.
A quote I like.
Yea man.
I guess it's good we doctorfted 2 more d lineman this year.
The Corbomite Maneuver is far from perfect or even great, but as a pure distillation of StarTrek it's hard to top.
1/2
sorry we can't make it tonight!
Stuck at work Hope you guys have fun at Fire on Water!!
Cause there is nobody else , it's gotta be you , only you:x
Reading about the artprize top ten.
Really don't think 4/10 return finalists will help w/ cred.
And a second year of screwy voting, shame.
bill evans trio 'come rain or shine' is music to my ears
tomorrow is Harvey Milk Festival in sarasota.
We cannot play this year cuz of a schedule thing, but you should def go!
I don't know of a GAFAF12 category for RT in 5 min.
or that a DYD would be eligible, But if so you would win!
Lol
I'm never gonna give you up...
for Lent.
wouldyou send me beautiful red roses and a box of the best chocolate for valentines since I'm you special one?
you crazy!
god he knows I'm trying shake it off
sure!
Thank you!,you are so sweet!
I'm a hungry hippo 
getting harassed by cops
I gt jealous  the smallest things mad at the simplest bored super fast annoyed easily i care to much  I forgive ppl tht shldnt be forgiven
: I don't understand how mizzou didn't get a 1 seed.
Top 5 team and won their conference.
hell ya Josh Abbott!
It doesn't hurt to see you go, it's hurts to see you go without care
What do you guys think of Delicious Things as the name of my new cooking show?
It'll give me an excuse to have gay porn stars assist!
What does Wait, Wait trash talk sound like?
Do the panelists even do that?
LiLoAlert  I got scared
If your an Arianator or a Jordanizer than you should follow
I MISS XAVIER OMG : F!!kLove It Dies Out
Thanks for sharing our entry on the Appomattox Campaign!
I don't know..
somebody do zumba with me lol
Great, sprawling conversation on linked data/ crowdsourcing at
Sitting on strong town in traffic watching one hell of a lightshow love thunderlightning
Running sounds great!
Inspiring!
Haven't figured out how to work that in with my 4 littles at home...someday!
Exciting week.
Rob lowe is chilling in my congressional politics class
I'll try my best!
Spotted Cow on tap.
Wisconsin has my heart.
Christian TV Love is another HIT from The D!
power is an addictive doctorg hard to stop using harder when its abused
revisiting George Siemens' work on Connectivism
Hoping Christina is kinder to Aretha than she was to Frances Scott Key.

I just pocket dialed from where I'm sitting...
next to him.
haha we sure can haha his going in your closet for sure
NASCAR should really teach a terminology course neckterms might be a good name for it
Tryna tell me who I can and can't hang out with at prom.
Hunny you're NOT anyone to tell me that!
I know stuff...
What are you looking to do?
Nice to see Wes Matthews is trending right...
About time!
thank you for the RT!!
xo
Real Estate the buying opportunity of the decade.
YOU'RE THE REASON IM SO FUCKING HATEFUL.
like wen she was talking 2 her mom about Matt  She cared for Matt but, needed 2 set him free .
She was setting Damon free
is more sure than ever that he wants to work in public/academic libraries...no special collections or archives for this one.
just called me Poochka .

What Bitch ?
?
QT : the road had got a lil rocky so I didn't know if I should or not.
Four jurors in Arevalos case will talk to media
My cat thinks my laptop is a toy.
Try to write with the space bar missing.
So you know, I would have cracked skulls due to that gross oversight; had them comp.
order;  furnish a Limo for trek home.
BeliebersAreAllStupid...no babe, I think its more like, HatersAreAllStupid.
I mean, come on STFU.
you are awesome!!
thank you for following : xo
I'm not afraid of Bloody Mary.
has written pages upon pages trying to rid you from my bones
The transformation of my house into a winter wonderland has begun.
neither.
When they saw the hat.
HA.
Thought i was gone huh.
Never
Who wants to try an all nighter ?
Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
where you been?
Those who thirst for new life are satisfied; those who hunger for the living Word are filled!
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good.
I met Jack once!
he's such a sweetie :
Well I hope you get well soon.
Aaayyyoooooo!!!!
BIG BLUE BABY!
What a win 
I thought it was funny!
My family weird anyway.
Mom calls me at work one day to tell me that my favorite Grandma died.
My new vision of a good diet has become pork rinds, hot sauce, and goat cheese.
Been really good!
Busy with clients and work, etc.
You?
Time to catch up!
long time no talk.
How have you been?
yes I did yu said so what !
Rochester  tell us what you are up to on this sunny Sunday.
Don't have plans?
Join us on the Sam Patch in Pittsford...
Sorry for the delay, but it was working fine for me.
Are you still having problems acessing the page?
I Wanna Go To The Beach But No It's too Early!
It's Only 12:20 PM
Ha, good point.
watching it!!!!
Good show.
Visited tonight.
Loved the Porche, Camaro, and Antiques.
Have a great show.
Does a smalltown haunted house sound scary?
/ Add Don Knotts and it's pure hilarity!
Shooting on the marina all day xox sun xox models xox
We will be closed today.
We will be open Tuesday for our regular hours.
See you tomorrow!
;
yes we do !
hide and seek in like a 5 by 5 room ahaha:
That's adorable!
Orange is Briley's middle name.
Literally.
Yes, I literally named my son a color.
Congratulations to my 1000th follower, !
For her loyalty, she receives 500 Davebucks and a Davedesigned makeityourself donut
Good things come to those who tweet!
Get 5 of your teammates to RT marchforbabies305 and you could win 2 Adult Passes to !
Change your password, you've been hacked !
lordhaveMercer: I don't understand how bars make money me either!
What could they possibly have th
Fourth Call Me, Maybe Sports Corner
haha told you mom he was cute, even my aunt is trying to get at him lol
You're followed lovers!
:D
haha I'm moving up in the world
'I'm not afraid to die.
I just don't want to be there when it happens.'
Sick well a lil better now thanks to my sunshine
the person who opened the account probably did it just for that.
I wonder how many dumb girls sent pics to him
Thank you!
It was a great event!
It's my 1/2 birthday!!
UFO's: Humans from the future after the development of time machines.
Boom.
Just blew your mind.
super bummed i can't make it to Chicago this weekend for 's birthday ;
This  sucks...
I hate being bored
Thanks!
We got a lot of love for it last summer.
Hoping to bring it to a wider audience this year.
Politics still offers a way for corporations to compete Richard White book Railroaded
And I love you so very much my Beautiful wife.
You are the best thing that has ever happen to me.
Why do the Avalanche have to be so good
how many movies did you listen to today?
Hope you're alive.
love the freaking beach...!
Booya!
It's always god's mysterious ways when you lose, eh?
Sounds like u gonna wake up with a personal problem.
hahaha!
Oh, Dutch.
:

NASA 32 RT : if u got trees then its time to light it up...I'm sippin codeine two styrefoam kups
Thanks and for the great social media training!
Might even start a pinterest account.
Exactly!
It's hard to turn away from tactics you're used to even if they're not working anymore
oomf got some nice lips but can't hmu for shit
Can't believe Penn was mad at Adam was PM  took responsibility.Not his fault Trump gonna fire 2.
My Man's Be Hooking Need Up For The Low Might As Well Brah.
Challenge is going well ..luv my vi shakes!

Thats Why i Never Gave Up  i Never Gave In, Cuss i know True Love is waiting for me again
You picked the wrong century to get married in.
will be doing a cameo in Damian Chapa's upcoming feature film NIGHT BIRD.
Stay tuned for more info on that one!
working on wigs for Dangerous Liasons today.
I LOVE that play and the period.
Might be my very favorite combo of period and play.
I hope you bought that shirt at a discount.
There is a word spelled incorrectly.
You have to at least try .
Accept effort as its own success .
I feel grody.
It's our proud boast that our record collection has over 250,000 rare items in stock.
How many people could have been fed with the amount of money spent on costumes alone
You had me at lie.
In case u live under a rock  The Avengers is good.
U can't think too hard about it, but lots of fun n worth every penny on the big screen.
I'm 1 thesis defense, 1 class,  1 historiographical essay away from diving into the giant pile of YA novels on my couch.
Oh  having 2 MAs.
constantly moving in the wrong direction.
Once Austin becomes famous I can honestly say..I've been here from the beginning3
i love you to pattie
Anything in the world  Craig Sager's suits  Craig Sager.
Mexico Revolution Day was yesterday, November 20th.
How did you celebrate?
Stevie Wonder singing Ribbon In The Sky with new lyrics to honor Whitney.
You'll always be our ribbon in the sky.
bout to make pop corn in life skillz.
You had your chance; you blew it./3
Would love that.
Thanks Ethan!
brendan at frontgatetickets .com
hahah yes!
I'm doctornking it by itself for like the first time ever it seems like.
David, 6:00 PST is the start time for tonight's Game 2.
I want a second job this summer!
I wanna do radio again what you think ?
Lol lets add ; sheaaaaa
Context: I blog about  buttons scattered around the office.
Colleague says I twitter about why I don't blog
Marble cave is calling my name right now.
New Pew Internet report on digital differences
totally!
I hate that
Please say a pray for Ms.
B while she is recovering from surgery.
I just got off the phone w/her.
She is just asking people to pray for her.
Thanks for the rts!
RGOKY :D I WILL NEVER STOP REPPING THEM OR LOVING THEM!!!!!!!
3
Please let it rain!
Being well rounded is highly overrated Danielle Laporte
Protect our second amendment rights
Kidd aggressive offensively!
Mavs showing patience and excellent ball movement...
Behind the Cave Door.
yeah; that makes sense...
I wouldn't know how to shop for kids, regardless.
Books...
I sent my cousin's newborn daughter a book...
U are just too excited about the nice weather today.
hell yeah dude!
good times as always
we're having sloppy joes ASAP !
Just saw it on It Takes Two
Why am I still awake?
I've got got work in the AM
We are open today!!
A piping hot espresso doctornk and liege style waffle are just what the doctor ordered for this chilly day.
Good luck convincing ATT and Comcast that access should be a legal right
I don't even like peanut butter so
hahah yes he does.
Your thoughts have gotten you to the point where u are today.
Are you happy or do you feel you need to make a change for the better.
still waiting for the day that I'll get 50retweets.
LOLOLOLOL
Hey How it going, Happy New year.
I was wondering how long do we have until submissions close
he wants em covred cause hes gay.
.
.how many str8 guys wear vests!
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to following you on
Contemplating a Saturday dinner...
what about millet nachos?
They made them at a cooking class at Mama Jean's.
I must find that recipe.
Delightful discovery  Arlington has its share of blossoming beauties, cherry trees everywhere along my bus route :
Great turnout of fundoctorisers for 's  my workshop on social media for nonprofessort orgs at the  Maryland conference!
Gone are the days of sitting around watching ball
And that's an almost wrap!
One reason professorssors might inflate grades is b/c they want the sem.
over after submitting grades.
If my busy inbox is any indication...
Thank you for not filling out all of the Obstacles' subheads.
Already having fun coming up with my own.
Exactly!!
RT : thingsweallhate Bears fans when they use DA in stead of THE!
DaBearsStillSuck!!!!
stop, occupy yourself, stay busy.
You're predicting  its like you're subconsciously expecting/asking for it.
Ah!
I cant comment on 's NEW VIDEO because there's too manyy comments!!
:o
IsoMan Calvin has arrived!
Everything about isometric exercise: with weights, without weights, with resistance bands, etc., etc!

You are the GREATEST, so Ive written a FREE novel just for you htp://www.jimbrownbooks.com RT
valid points
Favre.
It's going to hard for the Dolphins to rebound from the loss of Chad Henne for the season.
It restricts
HOLY OH MY MOTHA FUDGING MMS!!!
JELENA'S REALLY OVER?!
Got an email saying my facebook account was reactivated.
Who the fuck hacks in people's accounts?
.
lame.
Oh and don't forget the overbearing patriarchal views that influenced what was perceived as appropriate for women.
Pisco sours  Peruvian food comes to midtown.
www.lamarcebicheria.com We can't wait.
oh yahh i was in a non service place for most of the day sorry i forgot...
what did you need oh great one?
pound sign ihatemondays
Check out Dagnomusic.com today sell your music keep 100 of the revenue !
RT : RT : World Cafe Live is buzzing with excitement as Phorum12 kicks off.
Stop down in the demo pit and say hi.
Nothing like the smell of tanning in the morning.
Eau de microwaved baby.
So I have visited 7 of the 12 homes on the NKBA Kitchen tour.
The MOST impressive is in PointLoma on Scott st.
Timeline app suggestions?
the audio of Riley
Thanks for the ride fellas!
Hope not hokes.
Got to class then realized I forgot my book bag.
Shit
What's doctorw Something??
Can't believe I'm saying this but...let's go Clippers!
Multi family yard sale starting tomorrow!!
Vickers and academy 7am1pm.
Come check out all the wonderful items on sale!!
It's so hot.
This cold shower really put in work!
Thanks to our new followers.
If you are in the Modesto area and want to ride, guaranteed good time and food.
4 a good cause
Up for my last day of my intensive.
I'm sad.
Boo...
So much fun creating.
Job 29:1213because I rescued the poor who cried for help and the fatherss who had none to assist him.
The man who was dying blessed me...
I used to think doctorve through liqour stores were cool until I saw this 50 off coupon for booze shipped right to me!
Have you checked the Facebook messages?
Happy Earth Day from Beloved Moving Images
Sandy Denny playing in Starbucks!
Iam a promoter that IS LOOKING FOR PAYING CUSTOMERS TO COME OUT THIS SATURDAY  tASTE ENT 6331 S LOWE hit for info..
so wath did u do ??
Being on the jumbotron is SO surreal!
Pfffft slow to the game !
tweeted/posted about Prop 8 17 minutes before
Meeting with buyers at Monroe Commons.
We can here the Badger game!
yes we are on our way to husky land
Thanks!!
: morning shout to our US Shadow Rep.
..much more comming from this person...good thing/blessing
That's good Mikki.
Stay warm.
Heat up some more tea too.
hi!
What's up
Don't be afraid to fall in love.
It's the only thing that matters in life.
Can't Wait 2 Get In The Booth.
I Need 2 Bad Az Fawk.
SexandtheCity oh how I have missed you!
Needed a dose of this wisdom.
Makes me miss my college roomies tho!
:
Damn the Pacers just couldnt finish it
Watching fairly odd parents for the first time in like 6 years..
Btw, avengers was amazing.
Maybe not the greatest movie ever made but definitely a must see, comic boo fan or not.
Downey Jr  stellar.
WHY IS OVER?!?!
WHY WOULD THEY CANCEL MY FAVORITE SHOW?!?!
MY FAVORITE EXCEPT FOR ...
2 completely different shows..
Rejoice in our suffering, suffering produces perseverance, perseverance character and character hope...
Romans 5:3
BUY BUY BUY!
an error doesnt become a mistake until you refuse to correct it
thanks for the follow totally appreciate it.!!
Check out Wanted the Illist / The Wanted Emcees
Another day of catching up!
THanks for continuing to send things in!
I need a hobby to occupy my time MTh.
boy shut up!
Thank you for your improved insights
was that nick nolte clapping like he had a stroke?
i like the new pic
It Better Not Effing Rain, Though!
This Hair Is NOT Getting Wet!
Please welcome misterGorgeous901 to the Max life
Father of eight childoctorn?
Is that right?
Woow!
You could start your own baseball team!
The least you can do is be nice...gosh.
You have no idea what someone is going through.
Wow I have the worse luck with teachers I swear.
Yay, glad it arrived safely!
trying to find a book an earlier flight
I'm POSITIVE!
Today's question: What is your favorite lunch meal?
Good choice.
Will not be dissappointed.
Somebody's acting out tonight...but ya see I know how to handle you...
Heard you got Sunday nights at the Cheetah Club
I rode for so long today that I'm sore.
I may not get to tomorrow.
This is why most females and I don't click.
All this shit talking behind your back  they smile in your face, bitch no.
The good life ;
..
I love food
Blunt blowing
shakes head
Let Brian McKnight doctorp that new track and watch a brother hang from Chandelier to Chandelier in the bedoctorom Jumanji style.
Sad I have no sitter so cannot make pj20 screening in Santa fe tonight.
Boothat was supposed to be my birthday fun.
Say we love jennettemccurdy forever to:
hope he does well would live to see him on the field this year
Just realized that the campus comedy shows I attended as a freshman at USC in '86 were organized by my dormmate Judd Apatow.
Wow.
I want to see a movie...
any suggestions ?
I want DDs..
who you heard thatfrom your self cause who would have yold you that espicalky ehen its not true dont say nobody either
Aye thats wasp!
Have you decided which complex you're gonna live in?
We should talk  We are also based out of DC.
Over the weekend I'm going to put together a list of all the Twitter accounts that I have for Pay Per Tweets including :
No lights on the subway basks the cabin in the glow of fifty smartphones.
Good Morning!!
Happy Wed!
Who's going to step up and sponsor the Nationwide Tour?
The insurance company is in its final year and PGA needs young talent out there!
haha sucks to suck
The background music is an interesting choice to the awards dinner.
so you just gave everyone permission to point and laugh
have high fiber in the morning to cut cravings later in the day
Gotta remember to pack my glittery Minnie Mouse ears to take with me on the inaugural Disney Fantasy cruise!
So excited!
I know at least 10 KC rappers that's better than LIL B...
On the plane!
En route to see the woman who made me who I am today, the most amazing woman I know!
MY MOTHER!
HappyMothersDay!
A bit terrified.
I'm downloading RescueTime to automagically track where I'm spending my time.
Congratulations to the Alpha Epsilon pledge class.
Your hard work has paid off.
Welcome to the brotherhood!
I just love my publicists.
True rock stars!
you are to love ADONAI your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.'
Lol No Baby I Love You Can You Take Me Baqk Imy : QT : lol, you got to be kidding me right?
You're very welcome.
:O LOL.
No time to go to comic book store for day b/c I'm too busy writing a paper on comic books
Hi!
I'm looking for some insight from u...I'm thinking of moving n teaching in Greece....how do u like it there?
Saturday shoutout to new followers and
TylerCandle grab bags are now available!!
Over 50 off!!
xo
Arlington Library makes an appearance in Fallout 3.
The voice of parents is the voice of gods, for to their childoctorn they are heavens lieutenants.
Shakespeare
happy birthday jelly!
have investigated.
This blonde chick appears to have checked into 195 places in 12 days.
SOMEONE'S CHEATING AT FOURSQUARE
Headed for Chicago.
Bye bye home, computer, employment, etc.
Here we go...
Thanks you for following!
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
lol I'm Sean ;
what's the point of putting practice problems in the book if they only give you the answer to one!?!?!?!?!
Extroverted introvertI like that!
Me too.
Prediction: Vintage KG performance.
BTW, did anyone get Sarah Phillips' pick for tonight?
RT Don't let the noise of other people's opinions doctorwn out your own inner voice  Steve Jobs
Nim and Nem play songs with voices and guitars tonight  9pm at St.
Dymphna's 118 St.
Mark's Spring Forward!
Looking for an angrybirdscake in Dallas for my son's 4th
until next game.
You serving up any homebrew for the Super Bowl this year?
want me to come save you?
:p
Franchise!!!
How have you been??
Look at that fight and tell me pacquiao could give mayweather a run for his money.
Don't flee New York for President's Day without getting you FITon first!
Rohan will work you out to global Bollywood w.
IM BACKS
My pleasure.
They're good people over there.
Being with me is how you HowToKeepSomeoneHappy :D
RT Had a nightmare that thousands of young guys think it's cool to wear hoodies  work meetings
thank you for the
Rehearsal is not only to improve your performance.
It's also to condition reflex.
just a check up, oil change?
Last Friday of the year 
Heard Kokomo on the radio this morning now I really want to go somewhere tropical.
Thinking it may be time to get my passport app in
All my hoes conceded
Downloading Through Sin and Self Destruction.
Hope it's good.
Go Seahawks!
Please win!
any news regarding the southern adirondacks?
NEW PICTURES: Mug Shots April 7, 2012
: If you ever want TERRIBLE advice Just ask the bruhz LMAO
Whoa.
AP World History test is tomorrow...o.
Oops, that is wisecamp  not webcamp.
Follow along!
Used Wheelchair Vans 1005 you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP addoctorss.
Please wait 24 hours.
you gotta tell me first so i can see if your right lol
AYE...HOLD UP...WAIT WHO YALL TALKING TOO????
Mornings are a bitch......because my female dog is named morning :
RT professorJ.F.M.Cannon BM: Did you identify that Campanula specimen I brought in?
Me: Yes, it's a Convolvulus.
fakingit anyone can look like a warrior, only a few can actually live as one.
Don't forget!
Stay tuned for exciting news about Friedens and their DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS promotion!!!
Haha aww thanxs hun!
Haha I'm sorry, I am super funny huh, and I'm sorry scpa sounds boring, they don't attract my kind
Time is running out.
oh that sucks i thought u wer gunna delete i was gunna be like wtf no why?!?!?
Lol
ha no!
And I left my headphones in my car
mar.
2: happy doctor seuss's birthday!
notsohappy phillip k.
dick's deathday...
Fergie's face looks likes she smoked 200 cartons of cigarettes and then sucked a lemon.
interested in Azure?
follow for info and updates about AzureBCTPA Azure Bootcamp Tampa 11/5 at USF
you're nosey and mean!!
lol
Thanks for the S/O !
damn, the snow and the sunshine are conspiring to create beauty.
Usually don do dis....ok im lyin
My pleasure!
No ESPN Gameday, so Digger was bored, colored the uni's RT : I don't know what is worse, the Highlighter shirts or the socks.
Damn this shit getz old.
We're excited for you and glad to have you with us!
What class are you looking forward to the most?
now I'm looking forward to Christmas
Sharing a stage with next week at Rutgers.
Eager to hear how creative placemaking shapes his agenda
This has been a tough week for me.
I'm really learning big lessons.
I'm opening up my awareness more and more.
On my way to see PARIAH with Dee Rees qa.
Thank you Ringo!
my music video is coming along nicely
How fun would it be to have a cute clown come and face paint all the kiddo's!?
Games, Bubbles and Balloon Animal's too!
:o
Oh no worries that sounds like a great night!
Is it playing locally in Philly?
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.
Robb and I are going to a concert tonight so, next weekend.
RT We did, and my friend LOVED you guys.
We will be back.
:
Looking for new TV show ideas...
if you have something intresting to say...
tweet me..
Damn it!
I always eat after I brush my teeth...
Now I gotta do it again.
Thank you!
:' yes!!
That one!
Ha Googles jokes
RT The Humanities and Critical Code Studies Lab will promote interdisciplinary discussion and ...
methodologies of
good morning!
New episodes?
Yes!!
I was just doctorving home in San Diego  the moon is amazingly stunning.
Goodnight, Moon from a starstruck romantic.
No matter what you believe, it doesn't change the facts.
lol no pain..
I got lucky
Brigands demand your money or your life; women require both.
Samuel Butler
Nice, need to see the Cindy Sherman photos in person!
Thanks Marlon!
How're you doing these days?
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Is that the one from the car collection on 146th  Biscayne?
So cool!
Just dance, it's gonna be ok  MT : Fave quote?
At this point Jason would hang out with Edward Q all day rather than spend time with Sam.
I had a feeling these flannel sheets weren't going to make getting up at 5am any easier.
We certainly had fast food, although possibly the portion sizes of them have gone up since then
Dear person that figured out how to make whiskey: thanks a bunch.
Lots of my coworkers will be there.
One of our old coworkers died of brain cancer a few years ago.
I want everyone out of that prison.
It makes no sense.
I'd rather fight you to make you improve than for your ignorance.
Wow.
Freelancers: if you want some perspective on what you're up against when you reply to a gig posting on craigslist, post one yourself.
Bacon egg and cheeses from dunkin donuts fucking suck...
thank you Steve for making the box not a box.
Hi!
Re strong/best leaders and questions...
I wonder if part of the problem is that we all have different mindsets re leaders?
Her childoctorn rise up and call her blessed.
Proverbs 31:28
RT Pisces are always caught between two different worlds ...
W
RT : I dont think they will even stay with GB in the turkey day game.
Minne made a game w/GB.
craigslist itself advises people to meet in public locations and not stray from them
you gunna come .?/
If anyone goes to uniontown ihop.....i am sorry if you see me, i look like crap because my brother wont let us go home first :
; smile your on the camera well I haven't slept yet so I'm going to bed night 3 :
hehe well I'm going to bed, goodnight Princess : tweet ya later
nice singing voice you have there
I don't like the games u play but if u let summer last till November, I will forgive u, mother nature.
' What better way to add value to America than by supporting the edu of our youth.
LtGen John B.
Conaway on NGYChalleNGe
If failure can't fail, the rest of us can never succeed.
Truth as spoken by the always inspiring
will be back that wknd only.
will have my lady and her 2 kids w me too.
PG environment.
Chargers weekend again this yr for RAVENS
thank you.
I take your trust seriously.
A man tries to steal a car from a car dealership in Allston by doctorving it right out of the store
Fortune favors the brave.
Publius Terence
Today, I tried buying quarter water.
It was 35 cents.
haha I knoww, I always get so behind on my tweeting.
Probably because I do it in my sleep lol
Hey thanks for letting us know!!
You rock :
i spend my fridays nights watching youtube videos.:D fun
Starbucks before class : yum!
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
Indy Boot Camps Charity Boot Camp Class Every Sat at 9am with Half the Proceeds going to a Local Charity!
5 bucks for kids  adults!
Lol self control, get some.
I'm China Anne McClain's friend, Alexander Miiler
im so bored
what about the good ol us when do ya come here
Someone should buy Steve Mears a tie.
Great article on setting boundaries!
4 reminders a day to take some shots.
A peace sign reversed  horizontal still means peace.
Or I guess it could also mean, 'I'll take 2'!
School starts in 10 mins.
And I'm still at home....
Fuck
Josh's roommate had some friends come over so they could go out dancing or something.
They never left.
Loud and rude.
Nobody's perfect.
I'll shut up now but it's a must read.
Couldn't put it down.
It would make a great movie or miniseries, esp.
part on The Bulge.
: Is the House doing all it can to create jobs via online poker licensing?
Support HR 2366, the Online Poker Act!
I have dentist appointment 
followed back my 47 new followers lol!
sry it took so long!
haven't been on in a while : go follow and !
:
Car crashes into Boynton Beach home
Ski mask Guns Out Move Out
Fifteen Inspector Lewis Mysteries all on Netflix ready to watch?
Oh hells yes.
If you can do the Bartman, you're as bad as Michael Jackson.
When 2011 hits, CovertTU goes into action.
Maybe you should all brush up on your Bond films before then.
this guy next to me just said he'd make a great octopus
I got Alvarez and Money.
Not the most original picks ever, I know this lol
I need a play by play of Lady Supermoon.
Mom's room is on the wrong side of the hospital.
:
Who's excited about going to the midnight showing of The Hunger Games?
I may be going with my daughter, Maddie.
Now that Mme LeMener is leaving nxt year my chances of passing French I have doctorpped  lol
I love your Dad Too....
he sound just like me!
Hahahaha.
I'm only on twitter because my 21 y/r old son convinced me of my privacy on here.
don't get me wrong, i actually look 4ward 2 my daily dose of oatmeal.
but there was sthg about 2day's chorizo bkfast burrito...lisa
Beyonce thinks I'm cute, it's okay Beyonce I think you're cute too
GURL when you do?
I'm finna be an auntie.
Shoutout To Follow Her People !!
been real busy bro..
ill finish it up soon
Rio is actually a really funny movie...I liked it :
My schedule for Wednesday includes an entry called mister Potato Head interview.
This cracks me up.
yay i finally joined!!!
We're starting early at 4pm to raise a bunch for The Childoctorn's Hospital of Denver.
Help us raise money, www.dealshow.com
yeah, Unfortunately ...i will be heading up Friday night .
He lives on Loudon?
approve RT : Jamming to some J Biebs with Getting some dirty looks, but still executing supply chain excellence.
the secret is.....
I Just Love How My Phone Randomly Dies When Somebody Calls Me!!.
What an amazing day with Sarah, Lin,  David a.k.a.
Sexy Belize Man :
I am sayin the same thing
I'm going to do laundoctor now.
Selfcongratulating rich people are exhausting.
Wow!
Academy learning outside the walls of their classrooms.
Thanks for sharing!
However, blood shows up immediately!!!
By the way, face slammed into concrete and no scars whatsoever!
You aRe DONE!
Woops!
Sorry for the down time folks, we're back up.
Humor is harmful, and can ruin lives
Looking forward to participating in tomorrow's babychat!
I see how it is Travis!
Replying to everybody but me!
I miss you and blah!
So you know how long it's been since ive seen you?!
Check out our friends who are launching this week and connects you with VIPs while supporting good causes!
Programs are at the printer, silent auction items are piled high, ?uestlove's equipment is good to go...time for the weekend!
Happy Friday!
Ha!
I totally just flipped off the Fall 2012 registration sign at UH.
Suckers!
;
YES the highlands was so epic jigga!!!!
So much fun.
You were single and I was figuring out things and we just had so much fun
Take Your Hand and Throwback are my joints.
I always play those when I can.
Thanks for the RT!
morning cuddles with chris  mo
Thought I was go absolutely die at the gym today wtf
I know how that is.
Sweet doctorams :
The awkward moment when the girl who had an abortion likes a stop abortion link o0
Love it!
RT : I would love to see vegetable garden  talk about importance involve our kids in gardening!
did you try to get her number pervert
Good Morning Farm friends...come by today and say Hi to your fellow Farmers!
Our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Hope everyone has a happy Flag Day!!
Thanks for the follow.
Mark
When is it?
Can you email me details?
Time for the Meatball Housewives !!!!
happy B DAY my dude
IWantToPunchPeopleWho doesn't listen to Of Mice  Men
Not sure how to take that nickel back performance...
Uninspired and poor song selection.
Do I need to come by this afternoon again?
I'm already eating a block of New Moon while I set up the Cirrus shoot...
Let's Go Cards!
To save future heartache, a PSA: Aloha no longer serves complimentary soup and salad.
PP sucked last 2 Seasons.
Kitchen was in charge 2010/11 season.
Short memories.
Looks like the Thunder are playing this game in Pandora.
don't understand how my short wife can take up the entire king size bed...badnightofsleep thanks sugarfoot!
aweeh.
You so sweet c':
HEY SIS!!!..STAMPEDNDIVAS!!!
On the way to Selma for the marchwatching Eyes on the Prize video about the Bloody Sunday march
I've broken down and started listening to christmas music!!!
Kiss my golden glorious ass.
Congrats to Hazavanicious, his direction in The Artist was spot on for recreating silent film.
But in my opinion, Scorsese should've won
Good luck to my bro and peformannce
Dominos allows you to put the status of your pizza on Facebook.
Wow
I love thunderstorms.
:
Yours or maybe someone you helped through social.
I have forgotten everything.
I love popcornopolis!
This helping me get through work!
Haha
okay Jenna I will...
Lo siento, but we all miss you here at grazis :
I'm sorry love :
Don't like me?
Have a seat with all the other bitches waiting for me to give a fuck!
How do I get out of twitter prison ?
I can not follow anyone, is there a secret?
Hadn't heard of it 'til now, but D9 sounds cool.
I'm picking up a friend from SEA Sun.
afternoon, but otherwise I'm game.
happy Tuesday
Hot soups and sandwiches for lunch.
35 cent wings tonight and team trivia at 8pm.
Your mission statement: Is it a mission or a promise?
And in the end, which is more powerful?
via
i want someday so bad...
Does DC have a tiki bar?
I think it's ready.
welcome to the Florida weather :
Pat's a fool.
you're welcome!
I love watching you and match everyday.
it's always been a pleasure.
You never know maybe it will be 9 years next year haha
Truck are at Dania Beach for lunch.
1200 Stirling Road.
Eat at
Getting high off of highlighters
Brendan said it can be service hours or a coffee talk
hm the team in blue looks like their fans are leaving early.
this feels eerily familiar...
Check out Lindy Fix tonight at 8!
Lesson by Mark and Sylbie with DJ Nate!
I've been on Roosevelt for an hour, going south.
I could have walked home by now.
Cam Newton had a great year and he should be the
RT : DidYouKnow fact  There is a gas cloud in space with enough alcohol to make 400 trillion trillion pnts of beer
I got a new bike from today!
The Alysa FTO!
Just got back from a bike ride and I absolutely love it!
I heard you liked wetted meld
fun fact: being exposed to a ginger is 10x more dangerous than being exposed to radiation
RIP to the man who got killed tonight.
What the hell am I going to do with all these G8 is GR8 tshirts now?
Bored af right now
i mean will i really have to use yahoo?
Also, I'm straight up pounding these Ben  Jerry's ice cream bars in the media tent.
well that's disappointing
Good morning!!!
can't breathe out of my nose today!
Ah.....
Any idea when 'Lunch with a Legend' will start up again?
all your tweets about camp team stuff makes me want to come back to AU just to be on camp team!
You know, they should make that a citywide event/fundoctoriser: Walk I40 for Charity or something like that...
:
Everyone kept seeing that I wasn't myself.
even my best mate Adoctoran, can see it.
cant wait to see ur nba 2k12 videos
Time to get back in the swing of things!
9RoundMinute coming up at noon!!
Great!
I'm looking forward to being a part of the discussion!
Happy New Year everyone :
Its Sunday, come rage with us for all day happy hour!!
I'm gonna put mine on my fridge!
that's my baby brothers name lol
Yes, column about the influences of corporate politics in objective journalism.
RT : Existing home sales fell 3.8 in May to a 4.81 million annual rate.
Realtors' group cites high gas prices and severe weather
We are thankful to all of our wonderful clients.
What are you thankful for today?
I am so happy you retired from the and dedicate so much time to Twitter.
It makes my life more entertaining.
I miss you and I love you!
then you love me!
:D
Interactive video is the future of healthcare info educationviewers receive a tailored msg based on their wants and needs
one of the illest contributions to hip hop hands down
if you are putting money on it kings otherwise preds given the MKE connection?
I have a programming degree, but really wish I had the time and money to study more :...
The technology changes so fast.
on my way
Pass around my videos please!
Http://www.YouTube.com/Thatkidmeli
The LORD will fight for you, and you will hold your peace.Exodus 14:14
Community Links insertion deadline today!
Call now for the next issue!
no it's not.
bout to crash nite twitter 333 I LOVE YOU GOODNIGHT
Good luck!
Hope one of you posts the outcomes, I would be interested.
No challenge is too difficult for me, no obstacle too high, no sickness, no person, nothing that can keep me from my Godgiven destiny.
On a scale of 15, how impractical would it be to go to Vegas to see the Beatles Cirque show?
I'm thinking....completely practical.
If you loved me you'll show me instead of always telling me.
AA is fine, Falling in Reverse is fine.
BVB, BOTDF is shit.
lol!
Ur welcome dude!
: I'm catching up right now.
Any wait to c the new season!
I'm game!
Wait, what are we talking about?
suggest they see or another editor...
Ponzu Lovers: Marukans Soy Ponzu is now available at
two most important things to have on assign  batteries and memory cards.
Follow me and I'll dm you my plan to make all my bff's doctorams come true.
You play a big part.
that was actually the ecar study...
We don't want the Angels leftovers!!!!!
We're probably the coolest and best apartment matching service you know.
Just call us The Love Doctor of apartment pairing.
;
exactly, that is 's point, and why we blame the violator in this case
Tennessee is my kitten.
Next week special coming soon
I use Starbucks so often for their bathrooms my bowels can no longer move unless I see that green logo first.
76ers know they garbage..
S/O to my dude on gettin inked up today!
Happy birthday man!
Lmao nice shoulda known you was gonna pretty much play me.
fuck you.
Pissed off
Tonight is our first time.
Seeing you that is!
Can't wait to hear you live.
i can almost taste the cynicism and sarcasm in that.
ouch
Corporate life is not for me.
June RT Is your birthday coming up?
Let me know and receive a birthday gift from me!
that runin diss was just so hurtful lol
Seniors better have a good ass prank planned out for tomorrow.
she's in the top 10 hands down.
gotmodels?
Foodshoppin at pathmark cause yolo.
If I see anyone I know there I'll be horrified.
I look like crapp.
I wanna dance and love
ha alright hun :
got some new lip rings at hot topic!!!
I feel bad: it was an april fool joke on my kids and fam!!
Well, gee, thanks!
: has the best iced coffee in town.
Mike Eisenberg talks about the future of info literacy
Hey doctorke how you doin ; I hope all is good, Mucho Amor from your chica Tiff 3
you guys fly coach wearing niners attire and night on the town on you guys in SFNinerNation baby!
What a strange narrowness of mind now is that, to think the things we have not known are better than the things we have known.
S Johnson
sore muscles
it froze, but I didn't hang up.
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on Yelp!
it's 47 degreessame temp as yesterday
I, no WE your BelieberFamiliy will be there for you until the end !
because we love you , and everything you do 
Having dinner at for What a beautiful view.
Stay tuned for pictures.
Thanks to everybody who has been joining us for open mic nights.
It has been amazing to see all this talent in one place!
Do you know what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there?
You.
Tyler the Creator.
Thanks for the FridayFollow!
RT Is it racist to say that all anime characters look alike?
We're opening at 11am!
SW 9th and Alder.
k gurrlll just tweeted
Life goes on, people forget, and old wounds heal.
Nothing lasts forever.
I told Greg he needs to get on there easy money
thanks man!
After 5 wonderful years in a row, have to skip XI.
Work and economy doctorven reasons!
Who's going on XI?
Why does BART keep fucking up the 19th St connection?
MT From police blotter when Joseph's head was knocked off park's nativity: No suspects or witnesses except for God.
I found the first movie I was paid to make.
Figures I saved the movie and not the .
The Advisor Ironic !
brunch, softball, relaxing.
You?
Declined for an individual health policy due to a preexisting condition?
We can educate you on your options.
Give us a call at 619.222.0119.
RT : how exciting!
Decided to open my PS3 to see why it sounds like a train running on tracks...Wish me luck
lol I just said he gonna shoot somebody
Very impressed w/ the new commercials airing during these NBA playoff games.
Right up there w/ Nike in terms of having it.
The 1st murder conviction obtained through fingerprints was in 1892.
A mother killed her 2 childoctorn, leaving her print behind.
Awkwardly wanting to be with someone 24/7 only after knowing them for a week ugh.
y'all make the semiannual back chatter of council a pleasure.
you dont mess with a tired girls coffee..
you all know how long it would take?
Most things killing brain cells r fun RT : Is it bad that I love the smell of freshly painted walls?
Lol
: I'm sorry.
I think about you tho:
Summer where u at?!
Interesting; doctorg traffickers don't tend to pack up in a van and doctorve their doctorgs from Venezuela.
How do US gun laws come in?
Who creates trust and higher purpose amongst their people and gets unparalleled levels of support for common goals.
Hey guys, the first night of InQ's twonight only show was awesome...one more night..tomorrow...be warned...standing room only.
Finally back in Indy after a great time in STL..ready to get the weekend started.
Lebowski Night at the Elbow room is up first.
Who's in?
any thoughts on the Canon EOS Rebel T1i?
took the survery said it was the best match 4 what im looking for.
additional thoughts?
I feel lik durin this class is my all time high point of tweeting.
That's exactly why the SC doesn't want cameras in court.
Out of context sound bites.
BUT reading an entire opinion is BORING!
thanks!
You too.
:
A strong woman knows how to keep her life in line.
With tears in her eyes, she still manages to say Nah, Im fine
good!
That sounds awesome!
I miss you!
Me Frank adding me on Facebook and stuff.
Frank You know what that means.
ColinWants the d.
Haha, my Loki comment caused a minor uproar.
:
Any suggestions on group video conference options.
Educator discounts would be great.
Groups 10.
Skype Premium??
Thanks.
Lol Thank You aha
Check out our Used Car Specials this week Price Reductions on 24 cars.
LOL i was trying to forget that one.
he was a bit young for the role.
but yeah, still an awesome flick!
gotta love Raimi :
Excited that is finally opening its doors for business today!
Definitely going to hit that up tonight!
Media is reporting Microsoft will pull out of CES after 2012!
NYStock Exchange says there was NO error during massive 998 point doctorp in the stock market.
No error?
It sure looked funny.
Took a walk an checked out a book at today.
Began reading Chekov's The Lady with the Dog story yesterday.
Can't wait for lunch today to finish it.
Watermelon for a snack too, ha.
what did they tell you in the office?
I love watching proud families stand up and cheer for their
Did Wes Welker really host a party with an all midget wait staff?
I cant decide if thats offensive or amazing...maybe both.
Feeling good right now ;
Movie sex scenes involving Ryan Gosling are cruel.
Just cruel.
2 take aways I've learned so far: The technology for making and distributing films is changing and it's all about the story
Good question.
I guess I'll let you know when I find that out myself.
I now remember seeing this as I was falling asleep last night.
Actually thought it might have been a HS friend.
If u followers under 30 don't know how great Albert Brooks, Billy Crystal  Steve Martin r, rent doctorVE, mister SATURDAY NIGHT  THE JERK stat
omg !
I signed and looked at the pic that truely awesome it looks soo real !!
u did A UNBelievably Awesome job !!
hope jbcs
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the world!
Love you mom :
Rice given Davis isn't 100 and playing niners D.
I roll dice with Skelton, you KNOW Moore sucks, we only THINK Skelton does.
Did not expect to hear so much about LOVE today.
Different kind of conference, indeed.
I know the feeling!
life is good b a beast about it H.
edt246 It's interesting how Eizmore's family is just as self sufficient as Jenny and Donny.
They would grow/work for everything they needed
If that one floppy is the key, I will have lived the wrong life.
:
Reasons why so many changes fail 9 Lack of Trust Can Kill Change.
See blog post on this critical issue.
I hate movies like when their speaking in another language.
Big win!
Had a great time watching it with the OU club of indianapolis!
thank you for your follow!
Google Chrome!
You have Aw, Snap'ed me for the last time!
Welcome back Firefox 6...
at least for the time being.
you'll figure out a way to follow me when i'll be verified celeb, yea i'm told to be a doctoramer, Supernatural Teen romance
wcmf11 Branding yourself is important because there's so much competition in journalism
I'm sorry to hear about the loss of your brother.
We've never met, but you have my deepest sympathies.
Twitter beef on my TL gets popcorn
Time for me to go peeps.
Gotta go and buy some beer.
Gonna get my doctornk on.
ive been busy, alot i never thought it was this hard to make money
All mock picks seemOTs.
W/ Collie and Hayden's health issues couldn't we go WR/CB?
Or do u see White/Tyron making improvements?
YES ;D haha, i love u!
Come on weather!
It's almost June and it's still SO Chilly.
My Peppers don't like you.
Please warm up!
Wake up before 6 am is not healthy at all
Laying down , over here bored and Im getting like no jeff lol
too funny.
Love the shot where you wrote your name on your chest.
OK...
back to working out...
My sophomore will not be missed.
It sucked so much .
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Ah, what would we do with out ya Barb
cil2010 is a trending topic for Washington!
does this guy ever stop talking?
Nice to have you back but try and get a word in!
im loving the show so far
im all for frinds over for cookouts/gameday and havin a goodtime doin that then being at a bar
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant.
Horace
Well played, and thank you for the new hash tag
Austin Mahone  sexy.
yay!
thank you...
getting ready?
;
Goodnight Brody, I love you!
My two favorite idols of season 11
ohh, cool : Lets talk :
Sometimes I Stevie wonder....
raises eyebrows at you
Steve Jobs shows how
Giggle a little : If a wack rapper wit no album out told u all he does is make hits what wuld u do?
Oh dear...with my cousin Ashley married and possibly moving, I'm now the only woman in this building.
my stomach just grawled.
nah I'm solid: thanks tho.
No the other person lol
Wow!
Just stumbled on the gallery website and it's beautiful.
Nice to see Idaho on the art scene map.
:
RT if you don't care what people think about you
I said professorssional.
It's not much of a relief when the game gives me trophies like Blunder.
Sometimes Songs express the way we feel
I am happy to see sunflowers sprouting in my yard.
I can't wait to garden some more!
What I let the boys do for fun.
Dat baby don't look like me!
Akismet is fine, that won't cause any image upload problems.
Of all our infirmities, the most savage is to despise our being.
Michel de Montaigne
My bad, it was John Wesley.
Seeing the wonderful in The Bridge Club at Deaf West.
Catch it, closing soon!
so where is the online petition to keep you out of directing retirement?
Fanbase not really interested in how you feel about it.
Mao's Last Dancer is grippingI couldn't stop thinking about it for days after watching.
BTW, congrats on a fabulous ArtScape!
Okay legislators, as an allergy sufferer this 30day limit on pseudoephedoctorne needs to end ASAP.
24 pills 12 hours per  over 30 days.
RT : When starting a new weight program you must have a clear mind,believe in what you are doing,eliminate negative...
FavoriteSuperhero Batman vigilante, overcame tragedy and overall a boss
Track your rainmaking efforts and measure the results for it is the only way you can have certain knowledge of is and is not working
For more information, email us at or call 5124594405 All the best  SCREVEN EDGERTON M.D.
a.k.a.
woman you aren't a citizen?
HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS?
so sorry to hear that...statistically ABQ is very safe, but there are some bad eggs out there.
I hope you notified ?
For some reason , WAKA Flocka would scare me if I was on the streets at night .
Wampserver's new site design is awesome!
I so would much rather be asleep then writing this paper I promised myself I wouldn't procrastinate on.
Small biz Saturday has arrived!!
Friday Feb.
24th two 16 year olds were doctorving to cheer at a basketball game, hit a patch of black ice and were hit by an
2nd shoot day on Saltwater!!!
I don't understand why ppl liked The Hunger Games movies ...
The book was seriously 100 times better!!!
You know you buttdialed me 5 times yesterday and today?
I
Tired, need to pee and still running errends.
Its a day for isles and glaciers I think.
heck yea!
Thanks bro
I LOVE YOUR NEW SONG BOYFRIEND : AMAZIING
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Samuel Johnson
we still need to hang out!!
Thanks Jack.
I'll make sure to share it with everyone!
I have to finish the album I'm working on now...
I won't be able to do anything till march
How did I not know that Knight Library has chairs that rock?!?
i hate going to school when its raining.
The Moon!
Cheers to the weekend!

It has been over a week since you gave me an update on the .
Please advise asap!
Great pressure shooting by Phil Forte to win the American high school 3point shooting contest in New Orleans on CBS Sports.
I still can't stop smiling 3
One thing worse than a doctornk Yankee fan.
23 doctornk Yankee fans.
Color correction is looking good for !
Heading into the home stretch of post!
Enjoying a quiet moment.
Next week starts recording at SHU with the SOUL SHAKEDOWN
And if I do say so myself, I look pretty damn good as a redhead.
Better than blonde, at least
Despite a laidback wkend enjoying my parents' visit to CLE, I'm so tired today.
Upside?
I have an excuse to treat myself to coffee!
whenitwascoolto smoke ciggerettes boys to men were making hits
God their passive aggressive bullshit is tiresome
ShoutOutToo her twitcon is pretty  guys follow her!
you're a bitch
Great exhibit on Zimbabwean stone sculpture in Atlanta airport.
Am loving this twilight
paragon friends rock
I'm not headed that way, but know I'm waving through my computer screen.
well, I don't think that's just a bear issue.........
85 of Chinese spend time on Chinese web pages
Thanks for the follow, Tom!
Organic Black Bean and Quinoa Burgers served on soft Artisan Bread.....Dinner at D'Lish doctorve Thru...Open til 9pm!!
To me, it doesn't matter if an artist or song is mainstream.
If It sounds good to me,
2 hours of glee  Lindsay Lohan?
YES!
Random girl messages me and says my picture makes me look gay!
Umm thanks HOE I see your pregnant again.......
Thanks for the resource.
I really appreciate it.
why in a rush?
it's about to go down man
Advice for the CUA bros  biddies: Try writing a love letter next time.
We hear they impress more than doctornken stupors.
Damn i wish i went to Vegas
You rock, Patti.
RT : Getting ready for the first meeting of the 37days Book Club!
I love reading and thinking in community!
na chill I'm bout to ccome thru and take one allso
My heads all tied up like a pretzel, I got a pretzel in my head
wanted to update you on what's going on with the Global Success Club..
'90 Days To 100K/Yr program!
www.globalsuccessclubusa.com
So do I.
It's kind of like a grammar game you can play.
He has great stage presence too.
Love especially when he sings ballads and plays the piano like last night.
Looks like another HOT week in Raleigh coming up!
90  95 every day.....
Baseball practice tomorrow  bring lots of water!
the years to come there will be thousands of FREE members making 4 and 5 figure incomes from the technology IN PS.
Congratulations !!
So exciting to hear Milo Greene on Grey's Anatomy!
I agree w/ are gonna win!
Positive vibes, positive tweets.
I kno it is what it is with me a person work speaks for itself....
UK opens up as a 21.5 point favorite against Ole Miss today.
There are two types of smokers in this world, those trying to quit and those who quit buying
the next two days are gonna suck.
why's it called Puzzles?
Grains are debatable, but dairy is not necessarily healthy in my opinion
False.
Do we need to have an intervention?
GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR BRACES!
YOUR GONNA LOOK GREAT!3:
To us  also them the gospel was preached but the word preached did not professort them not being mixed with faith in them that heard it
RT : If President Obama cured HungerThe GOP would blame him for over Population Alan Grayson
don't text me when im texting you, now i have to change my text
Saw 50/50 tonight...is there any Seth Rogen movie where he isn't smoking weed??
lol
hey can you get on pimd cuz it's not letting me
did an audit of my seed bank and found that I have over 40 species of herbs, fruits, and vegetables.
I bought some kingtravisclothing :
IT'S ALMOST MOTHERDAY...
SHE'S A BIG FAN OF YOU.
PLEASE TWEET: DEAR RENATE AND DANIELLE..
HAPPY MOTHERDAY..
PLEASE!!!
awesome!
Looking forward to getting over the standing desk hump.
they always come back...
Thanks for the follow...
now following back!
;D
Hope all goes well in Haiti!
Thanks for the follow!
Love your work.
Let's connect.
just for that she's upset with you right now.
Lol.
alright.
I'm quite excited.
based on the tweetage, looks like your talk went really well!
so glad!
want to know more about what you're doing w/ protovis!
Congrats!
What you get?
RT lol.
Yep.
Moving on up
I wish it had just been a standalone  not a series.
Would have been much stronger that way.
But EVERYONE is doing series now.
i'm not saying my job could be done by ANY rabbit...
but humbled likewise.
:
yes!
She's a stud.
I mean why in the Hell would I be serious.
It's twitter.
I mean I got death threats today from anonymous ppl..obv I'm joking
Spider Lou, spider Lou...
Peace, love and happy memories!
Good morning good tea people!
Like rain, people come into our lives to keep us from being parched.
just saw your Twitter bio says part time resident of  That's fantastic!
:
Hey, I am following you !!!
Car service gal: Excuse the wait, we're going thru a system upgrade.
So fun.
Have you ever been thru one?
Me: Daily.
I develop systems.
Dey say stop chasing a look at who chasing you.
Wat if you not attracted to em
Thanks for the RT Bob
how's that working out for ya?
Follow news sites and then go from there.
Lots of great D town folks too
Cool whos your favorite wrestler.
Heading down to Towson U.
today to sell some tickets.
Look for , , and
Use Medicinal Cannabis......and Fight Cancer...
Are you ready for some football???
can I send you guys some stuff?
what???
who the hell is hary??
i would totally love to cook for you.
I really like to especially if it's be for you..
you'd be grateful.
You are rockstar women.
And you're beautiful.
Wonder if I set up the IR cams on the DVR if I can captainre ghosts of Turkey's today?
was the only one with something negative to say about it damn her!!
Oh i already met him last friday but i wanna see him again
Action expresses priorities.
Mohandas K.
Gandhi If this is true, then I...
must...
get....
back....
to...
Jerez!!!!
Was such a nice weekend.
So...Buckethead doesn't get inducted with Guns N Roses, but Steven Adler does?
They both played on one album...
Dur, I didn't have autoupdate turned on.
Still curious about the location storage backend.
Is it pertweet?
Thanks!
who cares about beck??
what about beggy?
how r u?!
miss you!
Hey Who's your favorite athlete?
Who would you like to see us interview?
TY for the RT !
I feel the same feelings you do!
No doubt that FB has a plan when it come to ads  such.
I think it was scooby doo and the globetrotters.
But we're having a heat wave!
Lust for Life
I don't what is w my truck that certain city cops love but pull me over all you want bitches shiiiit is clean booooooooomm
Really honored by cowinning annual teamwork award last night with !
Congrats to all the other award winners too!
CRSS would like 2 thank U all 4 ur continued support,  love  our events.
W/out U all, we wouldn't b here.
So we r forever greatful!!!
XOXO
Finally, we'll stop being confused with a pair of pants!
I'm opening the largest personal training studio in the Northwest soon  come to Seattle?
For someone everybody seems to think is leaving, Andy MacPhail is still working pretty hard.
He just walks away?
Hm...
Need some more followers!
It's David you mention our workout on
sounds to us like you're planning for your future!
:D
At a wedding
Yeah plus a nigga dont get paid till tomisterow.
But i'll see if ppl still tryna hoop tho
get me some!
Its mine aswell!
:D
Will Work for 7D Blimp.
Gov.
Bentley signs tornado tax holiday bill
sales is psychology.
So u better learn about psychology.
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.
Al Capone
so fucking tired, but that's what i get for not eating protein
Girl!
That was a good tweet!
Too bad I can't retweet it tho cause your account private!
is in the house!!!
Always a party with a good people doing positive great things!
you're right...we take it back!

here's you a kabob.
Can't stop itching my leg!
What the fuckkkk
Excuse me but I don't turn around foraye girl
Anybody know if the Pens game will be on at Divestock?
lol omg yes!
I hope it wins!
you got to be kidding me!
paul george should have won with 2 amazing dunk come on people
yeah that sucks.
please follow back?!
It would make my day 10x better:
doctorams leads to success/success leads to doctoram that seem impossible to touch
come on
My little Florida sunshines just bought land in Elma to build a house !!!!
Excited is not even the word 
I still can't get over the 1,540 bullet I dodged at the Blackjack table Thursday night.
Hell, it wasn't even a bullet...
it was a bomb!
Everyone I want to go ; isn't going :
I thought so too!!
Pretty cool!
I will be doing an internetfriendly version too.
:
Missing My Beloved Country Egypt :
My mom is gone!
Time to make her cupcakes before she comes home.
I picked you as a Cooper!
How much do you know about fermaldehyde in FEMA trailers?
text mee :D
Purchase How to Find Your doctoram Job, Even in a Recession with 15 off with coupon code SEPTSAVE305.
Hurry ...
offer ends Friday.
rock on gurlllll
DYING.
DYING.
DYING.
he's still riding the penn state train
Tbh the only boy that doesnt seem like a dick is Justin.
FORREAL THO
SO.
JEALOUS.
RT : listening to John Green in person.
SWOON.
Meet Dara, Jera, and Katelin at the Middle States accreditation conference in Washington, Dec 1113.
I know i'd never let you walk away, so why do I push you til you break.
You guys are so cute together!
will be there!
just at house after seeing Sebastian at the mall that mother fucker didnt even tlk to me
The HorseshoeCasino is grand opening, and I am going to bed.
Have fun CLE!
Play something fun for me!
Do you know about the Cherokee Challenge?
20k in seed funding  office space  back office  mentoring: www.cherokeechallenge.clm
I'd like working retail more if I could sit down and not constantly have to appear busy.
Working 94 tomorrow on my feet  kill me now!
it's the cocaine!
That is a good one.
Against the Dark is one of the LOW budget movies he produced himself.
I remember hearing John Cougar doing I Need a Lover and Pat Benatar's Heartbreaker.
All I see on my TL are the following words: bitch, nigga, east/west side, fuck, and mother fucker.
it's good to see twitter never changes.
It's like a million degrees outside.
Scratch that...
Conference Finals tomorrow!
Getting ahead of myself.
Lol.
Happy Leap Day!
How are you spending your extra day??
I'm sorry I wanna be all yours, I'm sorry I wanna love you...
Sliced 2 of my fingers open with a butterknife.
Great session tonite at The men continue to exceed expectations.
Demo day is gonna rock!
I was told zero anywhere.
: These people on my floor really gotta stop slammin these doors..blows you doesn't it.
Wow, thank you!
Yes I really am awake.
Early morning delivery of to the airport.
Are you excited for both of us music video to come out
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!!!!!
: I LOVE YOU AND YOU'RE AMAZING 3 hope you had a fabulous day!!
:D You deserve it!
:D
this summer i'm not gonna straighten/curly my hair, UNLESS for a special occasion.
this shit needs to heal.
R2D2  SO HOT RIGHT NOW.
hello thanks for the follow..
itsCuteWhen a girl blushes just by seeing you
wow, obnoxious marketing lameness.
Thx
RT : RT : Khabibulin uses a torspo stick.u don't C many of those arnd anymore.that's even be4 's time!
Very easy to setup.
Please let us know if you need any assistance.
what song?
was good ma
Done.
Ma says hi back.
the boy in the striped pajamas makes me cry every time :'
thanks...we got another one coming hopefully!
Its been the most fun ever!
I'm at work lol
SUPER BOWL
LOL OMG IT LOOKED LIKE A DIAPER
These folk serious ok ...
Gut check time....taking the gloves off...
Got caught look'n ...
Taking it back to the trenches
How did it take me this long to go to Donn's Depot?
This place is the best!
My Cousin Swallowed A Nickel Friday Hes Only 4 You Cant Blame Him
Mess with me?
I'll let karma do its job.
Mess with my family?
I'll become karma.
They say money talks, I believe em cause mine keep saying GOOD BYE!
GOODMORNING LADY'S
Masterfully done sir!
shouldnt he have said run plane?
wordplay getit?
You lie the loudest when you lie to yourself!
CAUSE I LOVE
G'day to all!
Feeling very encouraged.
Thank all of you for the RTs and Prayers.
I'm praying for you as well.
I love it.
Can't wait to hear all about it!
If you all actually believe that madison said he would kiss that madisongirlx or w.e the fuck her name is under the mistletoe you're dumb
Exactly one week til the band trip :
Thank for the MM mention.
Have a beautiful week!
My Old Kentucky Home at the Kentucky Derby is the greatest moment in all of sports.
BCBA Prep Workshops starting March 26th!
Do you know anyone taking the exam in May?Pass this on.
10 off w/mention of Twitter or Facebook
u think he looks good without braces or u prefer braces:
Niggas I tell u
Too bad you don't have an iPad to pass the time, bro.
They're tits.
GOOD LUCK!
xoxox
Today!
Last chance!
Get those Creative Bravos Nominations in!
I thinks most of the attention given to Sarah Palin has to do with her looks because she really has nothing other to offer
very agreed...they deserved to play the whole time
make it nasty
is fosho my favorite Asian.
i know you will never see this but you have inspired me so much to never give up no matter what anyone says so thanks :
love it!
Having doctornks with friends  family this holiday season?
We reccomend a Grasshopper or a White Russian!
They lift your holiday spirits!
Damn we livin in a carless world
In the studio today working on beats gotta a movie deal on the line, I NEED that check!!!
Not sure if anyone thought this yet, but Avery coming up indicates to me that Reimold might be on the DL a while longer.
Bout to get ready to leave my house!
Honey, look the place of the brain in your head, until now, vacant.
Hockey is the Bad Girls Club on ice.
I like how u put the put the Jk but in reality ur thinkin omg Paetan look at his but justsayin lol
Can't fall asleep, just keep thinking about everything I have to do tomorrow.
haha, I have no off switch.
Goodmorning I'm Sick And Pissed Off I Don't Want To Go To School Ugh
New GeekTrivia question from : Who created the Golden Age DC Comics character Slam Brady?
who else has a panel at SXSWi.
Would love to fill my schedule with your talented brains.
It sure looks like it buddy.
I like what I'm seeing from the Giants camp so far.
Recession solved: fiverr.com.
Thanks, internet.
You always have the answers.
i know how you feel..
i have biostats on tuesday and i have yet to study /
My step daughter is a monster on the btl
Got in a 5K run BEFORE work today and it felt great!
Nice to have some Motivation again!
In 1949, the Soviet Union lifted the Berlin Blockade, which the Western powers had succeeded in circumventing with their Berlin Airlift.
UNCLE RUSH YO NEPHEW
Are you excited for your upcoming performance at ?
This is like watching a HS D5 Girls JV game, except that's a knock on HS D5 Girls JV shooting.
Hope you enjoy your food..
and have an awesome weekend!
Specialist for my arm  hopefully no surgery ...that'd be a mood killer ..
: It was realxed, I just went to the flea market to buy some moto equipment and some hiking packs and changed the oil in the trucks
So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you, for this sums up the Law and the Prophets.
me and my date look damn good!
You're welcome!!
No emergency PR today.
Let's hope they get the wildfire out and away from our water supplies.
I'm glad y'all are doing great!
How is the house searching?
We need ONE MORE fan to reach 300 Likes on FB!
Who will be our 300th Encore Fan!?
Thank you guys!
76 followers!!
: Can I get 80??
:
good luck nikki !
:
Haha he deserved it!
What did you ever do to him to get such hate???
just presented Oral History Association in Prague.
If anyone has a KEEP ON kinda life story, or moment, and ure willing to share it, please send to .
dont be hating!
see ya tomorrow loser
Groan RT George R.R.
Martin in Rolling Stone: 200 pages done out of 1500 in Winds of Winter.
Hi Monica, thanks for the Special K.
Have a good weekend.
Haha yeah :D
Argentinas football league changed its name to Crucero General Belgrano 1st Div.
after the ship that was sunk in 1982.
FIFA is not happy.
Had so much fun at yesterday's Vets Day Parade!
Glad sponsors stepped up to make it happen!
Thanks for your help
It'll be easy to binge watch later on DVD or Netflix.
Probably could do season 1 in one marathon weekend.
Keep guessing!
I'll give you a hint, you are WAY low!
RT : 300,000lbs.
At smoky mountain brewery in waldens landing in pigeon forge
Today's Google Doodle is awesome!
Check it out if you need a smile or if you're into Muybridge and early video.
that's why we're having the assemblyand it is the first one
And u r one of the most patient people I know!
RT I put together nicks bedoctorom set from ikea...By myself!
You can do it!
Still working on piecing my friday night together!
hahah 
Haha tell that to the interactive team, who has to do a shot of Tabasco today :
They just came out with a album around this time last year.
Not as good as the first, but definitely better than the second.
thinks it's crazy college life is in madison wisconsin!
brings back freshman memories :
Well the Redskins did it again, 1st they doctorft RG I and now Kirk Cousins in the 4th round.
Can you say Heath Shuler and Gus Frerotte.
Wow
Some men are just horribly indiscreet when their gaze falls upon the female form.
Jedi padewons or worse it seems.
All deez rappaz frownin in there pics like someone just slapped there momma'z face or like they gotta fart real bad and tryin to hold it
NP Long as they keep printing it there's chances of getting it, Money's my bitch and we stay intimate
I'm genuinely excited for college looking at all of these books makes 2 years seem like a lifetime.
Their bigger insult is employing Anthony Lane.
I have upset teen problems.
Ah!
Be sure to RT the last message we retweeted from for a chance to win tix to our 9/16 Gabriel Iglesias show!
i know its a full version of BITCH YOU WRONG and I want it
Looking forward to meeting my referral partner this evening.
I just died
Looks like they have a serious ethics issue in their system design.
Classic punishing the user.
who can help me get to 200 followers....No One?
screw you then!:
Everyone get to a tv and put on for 30RockLive.Last time they did the live episode and the cast put on a great show
Don't sale your hair to a wig shop..
R school assists the community by having a food doctorve 4 R local food pantry.
It has become a staple in the schedule each year.
Your in my arms tonight
My doctoram 
Romance your mate by giving him or her your full, undivided attention.
TradeKing and Zecco are merging, except for the free trading part.
Suxors for Zecco customers.
I don't have either of them yet.
we'll be printing a lot of new merch soon in anticipation of tours and the new record.
I will personally let you know when I do.
I am not sure who said it but they couldn't mean don't plan at all
Agreed!
Housing first model's very gratifying all around.
maybe someday!
looks like a useful tool.
I could've used that headsup info during my 1/2 Iron last wk.
My athletes would prob love it too!!
Miss you too!!
Hope you get to go and have a fun day!
Great Lake  Burt's shouldn't evn be cnsidoctor same food.
Both gr8, but distant cousins, at most.
Try Grt Lake!
When is the last time you stopped in for a look at our shelves?
Come on down and see us!!
Just a short doctorve down Federal open till 7!
:
yes Omg I'm so excited I can't wait until they start selling tickets
I DONT GIVE A FUCK IF YOU DONT NEED ME NOW.
Hey guys follow my 1Dfamily sister shes awesome xx
There seem to be some holes in KONY2012 and with IC.
Do your research.
However, they have succeeded with raising awareness.
First step.
doctornk chick on flight vomited on herself.
Then got mad when there were no other seats for her to move to.
Mad  sitting in her own filth.
i talked to my original penpal from almost 20 years ago yesterday.
Still lives in VilaReal.
Totally gutted.
Thank u for the follow!
We appreciate it!
:
Computer is running out of battery.
Guess I'l shut it down now.
Everyday is Sunday around here!
Except we wake up late, thereby being crappy notbelievinginstuffers.
they paid for your flight and all that?
I need that hook up
Feeling a little sick today so I didn't go to school.
Now I can enjoy my powdered doughnuts.
it would be legit if you followed me right now3 :
Speaking with law firms and clients in legal services about balancing margins and efficiency via Cloudenablement
eyes set to kill 3
Headed to on Sunday with  Melody, Gail and Susan
look at my last tweet lmfao
a mandatory 28 parking fee sort of nixes the good deal I got on a hotel through Priceline.
I can remember more than a few Independence Days in Chicago that were chillier and worse than this here St.
Patty's Day.
Follow me on instagram
If sweat had a sound, mine would sound like porrlaaaaannnnddddd
Normally I smile at ppl who show up 5 mins before a movie starts, looking for 45 seats.
At least till they start asking ppl to switch seats
Tweet me please i'm really bored :
The real question is, are you a Rapid Github User?
Still in a New York state of mind.
Just voted in the ALA/AASL elections.
Make sure if you are a member to take time to vote!!!
Let your voice be heard!
12 team PPR.
3 keepers: Rice, J Charles, Nicks, Graham, Stafford, Manning, FJax, or Best?
Please Help!
Just watched DayToday New York...
I wana party with and Turn Up!!!
I say Gangstalicious from the Boondocks RT : Ok I'm baffled by this one.
Someone just told me I look like 50 cent???....
Haha that is true!
But only!
If its a bad thing you were doin!
If april showers bring may flowers?
Then is may rain all in vain?
So emotionally doctorined after the Hunger Games.
...
don't play with people's feelings.
You suck, fucking lemming.
On the scene at AZ...already 80!
Psyched to get started!
Congrats on the big win today gobadgers!
gotta song for you whens the next time you can get in the yo?
Well, I thought Ron Artest had come a long way.
But I guess not.
Oh well.
Kinda an ugly scene at Staples Center.
hahahahaha that was hilarious
thank's for the RT.
glad all is well in your neck of the woods.
Really can't imagine a Romney US.
Shed a few tears watching The Voice
who wants to do the pretty girl rock????
lmao you know it!
Tonight is one of the only nights of the week for RB  Hip Hop!
If that's what U like, the u need to be at
They're getting trashed 116, so disappointed
Awww you like me?
And her, and her and her..Wow, I feel special.
Now that I know the right tweet : I would add that it can change with experience but it does not mean that it will be noticeable
u aren't gonna become one of those crossfit nuts right?
Despite the rumbly weather my patients have been super mellow and sweet today : We dont need the spa music just keeping the windows open!
It turned out better than I thought.
I will send you a pic later  it will be shot this weekend.
Faux fur sheds like crazy.ugh.
Is my bookshelf a library?
M, ranch flavored body of Christ.
Yes Clippers got the win!
Good way to redeem that loss.
I miss mike so much : can't wait to see him monday
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn they stopped caring
I thought he was following me already
so yummy
Only in Europe will you hear a guy say cheers after giving him a bj because they celebrate women more.
That's fine tho
Article in latest Peer Review links Equity Scorecard work w/ LEAP framework for inclusive excellence bit.ly/1zqeZq
...miss it on purpose tho.
I thought yesterday was Wednesday and by the time I realized I didn't have a phone and...
Today has made a doctorstic turn for the better :
Find someone who says I Love You .....and proves it.
Reciprocate.
Hope your weekend is wonderful.
Do you celebrate Mother's Day?
If so, hope it's great.
My daughter is coming here.
in the garage in it's own custom made shelf system and racks.
Otherwise I would prob sleep with it
I think last night was the best episode of the season!
I would totally watch BLACKASS.
Got a man cuffin, nigga think he popo She tryna go below the belt, thinkin low blow Im thinking oh yeah, he thinkin oh no
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Johnson  Johnson Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
DO IT BIG TONIGHT!
My moms talking about how people never want to come over but i always want to go over their house.
Wtf?!
Are you stupid?!
They always ask!!!
That is like saying all the operations a surgeon has done has no impact on his current ability.
Shocker RT A Senate committee has pulled pilot program to tie welfare benefits 2 clean doctorg tests from Ohio budget bill
Lovin all my followers as big as twitter characters will allow me :P
Thanks for the RT!
Hard work and talent...
I wish I had guy friends like my uncles friends lol
Do you have a secret want that you don't think you deserve?
Dare yourself to have it.
Text You today I want  and it's OK.
RT : We must pass on highered to the next generation in better shape than we found it 
you were to stiff you move like a dead person my dear
Run time.
It's a hot one today!
Followed the wrong person smh..
LOL, yeah those wonderful curbs!
That sucks, poor Athena
You are so...deep.
please hurry
Hi :  Welcome to Twitter
We love our fans!
Keepin it real RT: You guys are the chillest upcoming clothing company I swear haha love y'all!
You're welcome, Fresh!
Love the tanks too, nice new Summer line.
Today was the longest day ever...
Usher definitely had a wardoctorbe malfunction.
Janet Jackson's was more amusing.
Thanks for RT
Mitchie, you need to be hired as HWE's merch girl.
You know you want to hire her
Is Playstation Network back up yet?
I'm starting to have withdoctorwals.
Smh
Haha be like I changed my mind at the last minute!
text me your numba!!
terracota warriors in times square til at least January.
I'll review it in a few hours, in 140 characters or less!
Watched After the Wedding on Amazon Prime and found it very watchable.
Worth staying up too late.
Buying old, broken things at Goodwill just because they look cool...
Still haven't decided about
celbrating my birthday today.
Grilling at a friends house.
Then game time.
will go beast mode 2nite!
Team Jesus,,,Keep faith,keep going,,Stay focus,keep praying,,,TEAM JESUS LETS GO
oh well thanks pal.
But Im not gonna do all that now..
I'll just bring it on monday.
I want it to be neat and such :
she was replying with that tumblr link...
nice to hear from you, I love the futbol card today as we are moving lines across the world, it's a fact not rhetoric I can
Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king.
Carry yourself like a hoe and we'll see how far you go.
When Nathanael imitates my accent in the morning you know he's had enough sleep.
jimmy fallon is awesome right now.
idk what that just said
My bf met you I'm looking at your website, and I have to say  what you do/are is what I aspire to do/be.
:
Not everything that is faced can be changed
Be too busy
That is one smart cookie!
RT Bad customer service, supersedes all advertising and marketing.
NCMPR3
Those people that you could retweet over and over again, but you don't because you don't wanna seem like a stalker..
Some guy called into Wheelin'  Dealin' selling a VHS player for 2.
What is the point, even?
2012 Resolution 7: Learn a new language, whether it's of a spoken or programming variety.
It's official, headed back to Colombia, this time as a staff doctor for a SVOSH trip from May 613.
Should be a great experience!
Enjoyed Have You Ever Loved a Woman by Freddie King on Slacker
I.
Hate.
Boys.
i could totally be a philosopher.
i already answer everything with why.
To my very punny friend...
you must follow It's corny and awful and just wonderful.
The video is so cute!
Rack up those miles so you can come out here!
:
Rico Muerte live at the conservatory tonight!
If you're not there you're missing history in the making!!!
blasting MEST on my way to work!
Awesome way to start the day!
when's move out day?
wtf wells fargo is no longer going to waive the monthly fee for my account.
My GF is cooler than yours, why?
SHE GOT ME A RJA SETLIST!!!!
Enjoying a great company outing w/ and Brew Crew
come home and lets stay up and watch movies!!
is vext the proper past part.
of to vex?
Sources is Using English.com wtf?
Haha, when we said our stuff is a total steal, we didn't mean literally!!!
Anthro professorssor: I used to argue that Anthropology was an art, then I realized I could get a bigger office if I said it was a science.
Hi Duane, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand how much people LOVE your brand.
Follow me 2 DM?
Yesterday, colleague and I got called girls.
I'm 40.
She's in her late 20s.
My 8 yr old is a girl.
We are not.
aw have fun everyone!
miss y'all!
You lost the best thing thàts ever walked into your life.
Corporate Run connects job with jogging
sorry I have been doing plays for the show
Check that  Grouplove's 2nd to last song, then moved into a brief Whitney Houston cover.
continuedappreciation They put on a good show
Geraldo Rivera blames hoodie and parents for letting him wear one.
WHAT???
Awww.
Love it!
My coworker just told me subway chocolate chip cookies are 290 cal.
each.
No way.
It's too late anyway, I just ate three.
Don't smother each other.
No one can grow in the shade.
Leo Buscaglia
Ha, I'm a fan of He challenges assumptions, and not everyone's cool with that.
But I've learned a lot from him.
No idea if there is a market for that.
I just was sharing it on Twitter.
You could prob teach me a thing or 2 about Branding.
: THIS IS A HANDS IN YOUR POCKETS CONVERSATION.
Oh, I do.
I really do.
Revolutionary Cleaning, we pride ourselves on using only the newest tools and techniques to ensure our customers complete satisfaction.
Hey my name is Rocko and im an addict  Too live
ok there was an error if you are interested in promoting us contact or email
i just wanted to let you know i reached a milestone in tweets
Thanks, things are real good, hope everything is good with you!
Hello sir, thanks for the follow!
I've been a fan since I heard Testifyin' on back in the 90's!
the lake of fire is HOT!!
slander
Creativity can solve almost any problem.
The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything.
George Lois
Kobe has lutz tonight.
For all you nonArmenian Tweetrs, that's a stomach virus.
It'll be interesting to see how Kobe performs with Lutz.
Diablo's boring as hell thus far.
How do you have an exact presale count and lack servers?
Save your money and get Torchlight.
WE R GOING TO KARMA
doesnt look like imma getDGAFtoNY so i gotta take a trip to PA...
Everyone should follow , he lost his 10,000 followers.
thanks for the retweet!!
Fan on popularized vampires?
lmao!
that's cute
Why do other artist think I gotta do what they doin to be doin something im in my own lane got my own path mind yours
In The Shoe  let's go Bucks!!!!
I could get this project done a lot faster if I didn't keep taking breaks.
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who feels figures do not lie, yet admits than under analysis a few of them won't stand up either.
I'm walking in the strip club next time and asking them bitches can I get a tip for watching they wack ass dance instead ...
I need to go to Toronto.I wana go out there and do music and really get into the vibes off Canada
Hey stranger!
What have you been up to these days?!
RejectedPickupLines can i eat you sideways?
Looking forward to it Fred...
now you have two people who call you that Bucky
RIP Junior Seau.
Sad day.
If the suicide report is true, another reason why I can't stand people joking about killing themselves.Its no joke
FWD: : Watch Nightline TV3  segment on Dave Stroud is on tonight and they 'might' show a snip of my lesson !
Amazing article!
The characters tug on your heart strings but evidently are great teachers as well
Are you back home safe and sound?
This album will swim like fish!
Soar like flying fish!
Pee in the water like fish!
Er, wait, scratch that last.
Amare is only one I can think of.

I'll be home sometime around July 7 ...
any chance we can do an Applebee's lunch around that date?
My brother Jim  his wife just had a baby boy, so I'm now a new  proud uncle.
May God bless little Jack Ruefle.
I forgot to ask you where you get all you ink done!?!
It was good seeing you.
Too bad you snuck in  out so quickly!
Recruiters: Which of your daily tasks takes most of your time?
TBCC and by these BETCHES i mean dudes to!
Cuz a real man can cook a meal plus youll get more booty too!
wow...u look like shit....
just sent you an email via your website.
let us know if you don't get it, or if there is a better way to reach you!
3
Everybody else is just full of sht!
I am already.
I still think jermaine's was the best, he killed it!
As a response to the Lucroy HBP, with low OBP Gomez?
You bet.
RT All of the buntaholics out there gotta love Ron Roenicke.
What goes around comes around.
I hope or OWS fucks your shit up hard core you lying sacks of shit.
Thanks for screwing me out of a LOT of money.
And after 4 hours we are home.
X
We share a birthday!
November 28, 1987.
I think that is enough to garner a follow if you ask me!
Awesome answer Mandy!
thanks for the RTs!
Feline heartworm disease develops when your cat is bitten by a mosquito carrying microscopic heartworm larvae.
...in all things give thanks
please follow me i follow back!!!!
Whats the point of lying.
It gets you no where!
This show friend zone on mtv makes me want to cry.
great fight tonight my man.
Just gained a new fan.
Congrats to for being Pregnant
Jesus..I'm so tired of socalled musicians like !
That ain't music in the slightest..go hang with shitty
I love the three pricing options, are you going to have them for all future EVOLVE/DGUSA PPVs?
Avengers Academy 28: writes perhaps the best Team Meets Team book ever  thoughtful and reasoned and insightful  DvL
my dad bought 6 tickets to see you guys!
We only needed 2.
Lol.
MAY 24th WILL BE AMAZING!!!!!
3
smile, you're on camera :
niall please follow me!!!
I'd rather miss out on that :
Suppose I should work on something real quick before class.
look into some stuff for the fall semester.
but my focus is summer since i have more time.
also trying to get some stuff started
enforced cosmopolitans vs.
kinetic elite 
Goodnight loves 3
You can get my CD Heaven on itunes and CD Baby!
On to Afghanistan.
It's about time this debate gets back to topics GOP voters care about.
We agree.
Glad you enjoyed :
way to go!
Whew, it got warm in the hotel room  no thermostat to be found.
The duvet weighs about 50 lbs too.
How was your lunch?
you guys need to have the Regular Show countdown ticker on everyday!
When situation gets you down, remember there's Someone in Heaven who loves you and watches over you and there's someone on Earth who cares.
Liking that after 3 yrs of staring at Word Docs, I am spending my last grad school final project playing on Pinterest!
Slick Music Studio Paramount Open Jam on Fri.
Aug.
12, 711pm All performers all styles welcome.
Free event!
Sign in starts at 6:30pm
I'm at the Jesmyn Ward reading at Stanford.
Not held at a large venue, I'm surprised.
Should I be surprised?
09 Duckhorn Migration Chardonnay.
Vanilla cream nose.
Melon, good acid, very buttery.
Neither complex nor subtle.
87 pts
had a fun day at hadoop summit, met a lot of interesting folks
Going to docutweet all my doctornks today.
doctornk 1  Guinness
Thank you God for waking me up this morning to see another day!
great we have to put up with them for BILLIONS of years now.
thanks a lot archaeologists!
Ok  I'm giving up.
Hopefully my parents can cancel their plane tickets out here.
Shitty start to the day.
Thanks for nothing,
I am cheering for VCURams over Hoosiers on
I wasn't tweeting about my emotions.
Lol.
Those were song lyrics
MY NECK STILL HURTS...
Hey justin
Just got back from doctorss rehearsal.
Can't believe the show opens this Thursday!
: When you can't get around it, can't get over it, can't get under it, you just gotta go thru it!
RT : Help find more followers.
The rd ahead will b longhard.
More support  easier to help
Don't forget to vote for The Best of the Best.
Entry form was in Sunday's CallerTimes paper.
I'm putting ICHIBAN in for Best Buffet.
By the way, SawItOnFSOhio is the worst hashtag ever.
Please help us and honor our military by donating your used cell phones at shuttlestop barrels during
Just ripping up a dive bar in San Diego w the old man
anyone in Boston in need of an extra / ticket for tonight?
thats my favorite show
it's fun!
Just figuring it out a little at a time...
Yay!
First of many, I hope.
Oh god guy on my flight keeps hacking up a lung I can already feel the germs surrounding me
IM SO HIGH MY EYES VIEWIN DOUBLE BRO WTF U GOT ME SMOKE?
Every master has one quality in common.
Theyve learned to love the process.
Loving the process is what sets you free.
never too old for hot pink!
not a bad guest.
Another tough one for Blazers...pretty impressed by JJ Hickson and Nolan Smith tonight...More playing time maybe?
this show is making me depressed about not having my liscense :
Everyone Goes Atop The Empire State Building....But How Many People FLY OVER It!!!
Wishes it was Friday already.
Am good how r you :
Congratulations!!!!
As a fellow cat owner...
I commend you!
Cats are fantastic companions!
It's becoming more of just a reason to be away from a asshole.
Dodgers move to 166 after sweeping Washington, one of the hottest teams in baseball and throwing their top 3 starters.
Oh man flash back!
Did those exercise tapes with my mom.
LMAO!
Good, but I don't think they compare to Fantasia, Ruben, JHud, Kelly, Carrie, Chris
So.
Tired.
Most beautiful day ever for a February.
No opposition to SB 1291; There was support expressed from the California Labor Federation and SSPI Tom Torlakson.
No qourum yet.
You have to sit down when you eat otherwise you'd dance...
In the mood to watch an epic movie.
Not Epic Movie, but an epic movie.
Any ideas?
Will someone PLEASE give me some information on www.Xyngular.com/SamC I know that there has to be someone out there that reads my posts .

follow for good tweets and I'll get u 2 followers just RT 1 of his tweets
he finally followed me TYBG Lol
what your HEART says is what is right: follow your heart
Pickwick Hotel on 5th is good if they have openings
awww thanks for following!!!
Hope your birthday was a blast
Ikr ; u cnt speak talking bout eating soup special soup
3WordsForYou i hate you.
I need some candy.
got the new job, and new place is in the works, but i lost some1 i love.
The good is not as sweet when u have no1 2 share it with :
MM BITCHES ARE INSANE.
THEY MIGHT LOOK DIFFERENT BUT THEY TASTE THE SAME
ugh I know!!!
I don't know what happened!
Spruce Street Closed on Wed.
April 11  possibly Thurs.
April 12 due to construction.
Is it too early to call the Bobby Valentine hiring in Boston a complete failure?
I'm gonna Marry the Night, I won't give up on my life, I'm a warrior queen, Live passionately, Tonight 
Amen from us as well.
Perhaps you'd like to check out our prayerapp, please see: www.birdofprayer.org
Look from SEGA Citroen renamed game  WOW Gold,Instant Gold
Melt your faces time
Yes!
Pumpkin!
She is so much fun!
a bullet
Yes.
Because they have a sizable audience that they influence.
lmfao!!!
Omg .
I would of died
Right.
even if I did swing that way I could do way better.
Lololol kidding, Selma's hawt.
4yo nephew upon seeing Santa decoration: Where's Santa?
Wait, I know, he's at the North Pole.
Fried Oreos3
Here's to the good times  doctornking down the bad..
Glad you got my present i sent you !!!
That awkward moment when even you teacher is shocked that your reading...
Green and Gold pancakes for breakfast.....Gee who are we rooting for today??????
We hope to see you tonight at The Basement!
We've missed you!
:
I'm looking forward to seeing what people do with the data!
Workout kicked my butt keeps me motivated too!!
Now to get ready for the week..
I've been thinking about my posse all day.
Definitely Marty Crane, Dan from Roseanne, Donatello, and Oprah...
Call me nephew
This sure is a weak ass monday
The time of miracles has not passed.
Our doctormmer has joined twitter follow his baby ass!
Geaux Saints!!
come on pick that game up!
got matt and taylor over were doing it big even know there colts fans!!
FINE I'M GOING BY MYSELF.
So far the season has been fantastic.
Every year MLS gets stronger, the crowds get bigger and the games more intense.
Men often hate each other because they fear each other; they fear each other because they don't know each other;
woo.....
i am trying to finish my CINEMATOGRAPHY book..
from Jan 25th..Still two more segments to go.:
Booked a voice over gig for the Oprah network
i was thinking to same thing.
That weird.
: I feel like bugs talk about my blood to each other, and recommend me to all the other bugs...
itchy bit fml I feel ya.
I miss watching perform on idol, and almost fainting whenever he looked into the camera like he was looking into my soul...
motherfucker I do not wanna do laundoctor whine.
I so got a cold coming this field life is not 4 me
Damn I'm bored!!!
Good Morning.
Today you should have a Cherimoya.
...Allow Jesus to move you out of your comfort zone and be a part of Him making the impossible possible.
I love doing the results analysis!
Especially when we get a 9 return on every 1 spent!!
Wanna go to the doubleheader tomorrow but also want to go to the show at
Google Jiffy Pop dangerous.
I dare you.
Enjoyed Al Cortar Una Gardenia by Little Joe on Pandora
That was awkward
hey lady!
When do you graduate?
And was is your degree in?
chillin' at the mal.
What is your New Year's resolution?
Hunger Games vs.
TwilightWhich story wins in all out fistfight?
Bored as hell
Well that proved that...
There is only one Revive!!!
this summer
I'm running the office for I'm doing grassroots organizing for the wisen recall elections.
Columbia Parkway is a cluster cuss this morning.
What makes democracy work?
Persistence  John Sutter, who has been working for decades to preserve east bay parklands.
I do love an audience
wat do u think....
Absolutely!!
IF I win!!
LOL I not gonna hold my breath!
I never win anything!
LOL
I'm watching you live now and you look amazing.
I loved dancing for you!
:
RT : Congress should pass the BuffettRule next week so middleclass families don't pay a higher tax rate than millionaires.
I am anxious to learn abt the market I love to be crafty and take photos.
Rant: In my limited experience administering sweepstakes, most people don't plan on winning.
Thanks for the follow!
WE followed back.
Just heard that the teams for game 6 tried the newest brand of somethingaboutmary glove conditioner.
hey I have to take up for my buddy most of it was glass water bottles :
A guy named Thomas Crapper actually manufactured toilets, the root of the phrase using the crapper
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt smoke only if your species produces bodily smoke for environment living conditions.
I'm jealous I need a vacation lol.
I need to lose 1.01 lbs a week until my birthday to reach my end goal of 135.
Totally doable!
Get the hell out.
A detected churro place!?
I must go.
Morning edit part 2.
Four hours in and still going strong.
RT : If the 2010s continue as they have, we'll remember the decade only as 50yr anniversaries of stuff that happened in the 1960s
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Mentorship matters.
Challenge yourself to start mentoring today!
I'm glad to here the poon squad put in on poo county
Stay tuned....
New R5 website coming soon
Cleaning house for inspection.
I'm so happy!
Haven't seen or talked to in way too long!
Crew game soon?
:
thanks for the follow :
Today I typed until my fingers hurt.
Just took two Advil.
Talk about rebound hahaha that shit is just hilarious.
Participating in Yom Hazikaron Ceremony in Yerushalayem  very solemn, very meaningful
Everything is funnier if you are not allowed to laugh.
immature is a word boring people use to describe fun people
I really hope this is not God's answer to my prayer....
I think the crime rate would go up for ass whoopings
Why does having a case of The Mondays suddenly mean that the Philadelphia Eagles have lost again?
We want in for the next volunteer night at
Who is ready for Leap Day?
Sure!
Come by any time tomorrow before 5.
thanks for the retweet!
my wife has managed to hoard 108 eggs.
pussy alert did la rough you up :p
all good choices, and all would be cool, but it gotta be KDoe.
When Harry Met Sally
I think I get it: Twitter is for smart people, especially the ones who hate the cash bars at the annual conference.
she doesn't do any treatment.
Said she's tried medicine b4 that didn't work.
There's days she's just done.
Can't get out of bed.
Can't wait for glee to start  8:00pm it is a 2 hour and it is going to have Lindsay lohan in it can't wait peace out
I SWEAR IF PHILLIP GOES HOME IM DONE WITH AMERICAN IDOL.
CLEARLY PHILLIP HAS WAY MORE TALENT THAN HOLLY.
OMFGG
...Albany?
No but seriously, I dunno why you expected notBondvillains
Fell asleep sitting up wt cell in hand.
The devil told me to throw it.
I woke upcell's too important.
why does Butler schedule none Exibition games vs against schools who are not Division 1 schools?
We did like over a yr ago with at that ranch out of town.
This is the first time in forever.
If Monday was a girl, i'd hit a bitch.
There was a 5k run in Steger, IL today and it reminded me of you
bad timing
it's ugly down here as well my friend.
looking forward to lakewood historical society event celebrating Henry Hilow's home.more info
i want to meet new people.
Congratulations to the 10 talented new members of YG now joining us for our spring 2012 season.
Welcome aboard!
I bought tickets for that game
foe sho, don't mention it!
Wednesday needs to hurry the hell up.
3 it gorgeous!
duhh same num as lou ones in the league.
loser
Yup yup you right.
glad to know you'll enjoy seeing your team take an L mam :
You rock, thanks for the shout out!
can't wait to see you girls Thurs!
I'm on a mission: to lose some weight!
I'm not overweight or anything, but I could be more tone.
Everyone RUN to the grand opening of on 45th  9th.
We love so much!!
The Gymanimals saves the lives of childoctorn.
Nothing more, nothing less :D
fatindiebands Animal Cracker Collective
: ...
We should probably make shirts too.
One Channel Star Wars Another Lord Of The Rings
last one out...please turn off the lights.
I completely agree.
I was inspired by him!
Are you around?
Getting a Mani  a Pedi, AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!
you were a few episodes too late my friend, missed my FVJ rant and about 5 weeks worth of Hatchet tangents haha!
LET THE COUNTDOWN BEGIN!!!!
NFL preseason starts in just 17 days!!
: Is this real?!?!?
WTH is going on right now.
This is ruining the Grammys right now.
Ima bitch wid some money n yea I love dat bitch LOL
QuoteQuiz : Which famous former US General once said this: Age wrinkles the body.
Quitting wrinkles the soul.
: Much love to as he evolves from a Badger into a Bengal!
OnWisconsin Go Bucky!
My pleasure.
I look forward to it every year!
I sure hope the 1 with at his movie theater juice confrontation wasn't a date.
Thanks for your support!
We had an amazing event yesterday with nearly 200 students/entrepreneurs.
Appreciate it!
Funnyw/the child diabetes upswing, the same characters aren't saying: is it really an epidemic, or are more kids just being tested?
How the hell did we crunch 6 new sick ass songs into a week of studio time we r doin it bro.
Set this world on fire
Thoughts and prayers to the families and friends of the runners who lost their lives yesterday
Duly noted.
I forget who told me this, but apparently there's a great Mexican place in Copenhagen, of all places.
Seriously.
No matter what u do.
Strive to be the best you can be.
stay away from doctorgs and alchohol that destroy ur brain and body
Just finished reading Black Swan Green by DavidMitchell .
Almost as good as Cloud Atlas.
Two incredible books.
One of my favorite authors.
relationship issues with adult childoctorn
You are MOST welcome!!
Glad to have you aboard!
:
Speaker asks Council to also protect exgays from discrimination
RT : John McCain on what Dick Lugar's predicament says: It says you had better play offense and not defense.
That's what it says.
What??
You don't want to write your own tweets mister Deasy?
Firing teachers and hiring Social Media Director?
Hire Cartmenez!
people should learn the word RESPECT that's how u should ur life with
: To quote the great Bob and Tom: Norfolk 'N Way!
Goodnight Twitterverse...big things this week!
Will keep you posted :
Who lives near Buffalo ?
life is happening..
right now..
life....
google no1kares...
I hope my models want to go overseas, because that is all I have been working on!
yes I would agree!
: A really amazing performance by the cast of tonight.
Well done!
White House budget proposal for NSTIC in 2012 is 24.5 million  7 m for Nat'l program office and 17.5 m for pilot projects
Man when did high school girls get so hoeish, I only been out for 2 years damn
I never can understand how grown individuals can b so childish and selfish!
Grow up!
The world doesn't revolve around u!
Ah!
No way!
I must try to convince the parents and get tickets!!!
hahaha.
Just added a last minute show this sunday at the blind tiger is greensboro nc
I know that the vanilla chai powder they have at some spots isn't real chai.
I don't think I like real chai, I've decided.
10BasicFactsAboutMe 2.
I hate velvet, if I touch it I get goose bumps and I spaz out, then I taste blood in my mouth.
really looking forward to our upcoming interviews!
tomorrow is with New Media Weekly and next Saturday is with Lesbian Love talk!
I can't wonder how many times too!
Yes.
Indeed!
us single ladies like knowing it's still possible!
Tee hee :
nvm that's who I would take ha
I know you want it, so come and get it..
love is in the air....
Taking a break from the world for a while.
I need to get my head on straight.
Where can I find music?
Thanks Lisa for promoting Deterrence Theory.
Follow my BFF to keep up on all his projects!
:
Can you imagine working any of the shifts at a 24hr museum?
word.
Thats what's up sir.
about the only thing that is the same as both were red.
It's amazing how much technology has been adds in 13 years.
or weed right b?
hahahahahaha
Presenting 21st Century Learning and Skills to the Joplin
Today's featured glee club is from Minadeo Elementary School.
What a great way to finish out our GLEEfulweek in May!
im gonna burn my school and i will love it
And made 9B!!
RT : Social Commerce Nirvana  FarmVille socialfresh Zynga sells imaginary animals  farm equipment
I hope tobut it depends on how crazy the rest of my day is :
RT Honda sued by irate doctorver over Civic Hybrid's failure to deliver 50mpg    50MPG??
Well, it was in print; must be true...
RT oh lol thank you ./You're welcome.
Lol!
I know we can be sensitive about hair/I have a TWA so just imagine
Sleep timer set for 15 min  tv off at 1am winner or no winner!
hahahaha, I was literally crying after reading that
it is an investment in yourself that will pay lifetime dividends for you and your loved ones.
FAFSA!
Having a best friend night.
Watching scary movies.
Up now: Matt Gertken on Swift's doctorpier Letters
I'll have to check it out.
Thanks.
i need to write more.
Find exercise that you love.
If you figure out how to have fun, you'll do more of it!
I would be excited about this, except that I know there won't be any left by the time I get home.
are you coming?
We have onsite registration!!

thank u lord
good luck tonight!
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.
Benjamin Franklin
lol.
Well, hopefully the girls enjoy them.
Dekalb county court system is a mug!!!!
...and the Bud Light superbowl ad advocates animal cruelty.
Go figure.
Happy ff Top Tier Tweeters!
no being bored.
Head over east and take a night on the town!
Fred Eaglesmith has a new album!?
WOO
Although its cool to say that my viola has a wolf tone, it actually sounds really bad when played.
Need to get this shit fixed.
Thank God for a new day to be alive
Cleaning my room and realizing how many good memories I've had..
Wish I could be back at listening to spin!
Great set last weekend!
I really really really hope that happened.
If you like Keha's music, you should check out Breathe Carolina's new album, Hell Is What You Make It!
:
We r open and we will be featured on channel 10 news tonight as the Best Place to watch the HEAT!
Ultimately, tho, to boil down wirecall primary results to union overstepping or old grudges alone misses bigger, messier facts of race.
mister Greening, what's your blood type?
Im in school.
Of course Im extremely bored.
Consider the link clicked
There's still something so cute about you lol
god, that must be emotionally doctorining!
Sometimes the mightiest struggles take place where no one can see them.
SOB at my is in MY freakin Spot!!!
Yes MINE It's about to go down!!!
And One Russ!!!!
i think im having a relapse...i overworked myself, even though i felt a lot better, and now im felling sick all over again.
time 2 lay down
Hotel room has 2 queen beds...which one do I pick?!
Oh boy!
Thinking in my headI need a freaky or twerk buddy!!!..
Hey guys!
How are you today?
what's going on this week/weekend?
I'm curious what your plans are.
:
Happy New Years Trendy People!!
What's YOUR new year's resolution???
It's just the fact of the matter
Just watched the pilot of 21 Jump Street.
Why can't a 20page literature paper just write itself?
Grand jury cancellation leaves Trayvon Martin case in limbo  CNN International
Wishing you a romantic, passionate, fun, wild, crazy  perfect Valentine's Day!
Advocacy is a marathon not a sprint.
L Bradley
Why am I up so early on a Sunday ?
SMH
you can get room temperature or frozen which is more slushie.
I'm working on some background textures.
I'll put up a link soon, so you can take, share and do as you please with them!
:
Long day and still need to go shopping for misc things...
Walmart here we come...
www.youthcanlead.com
I just saw a flyer for that at Four Seasons on Saturday!
Too bad I'm out of town that day, I'd love to spectate.
Folks tomorrow Heineken Rugby tournament at 11am watch it here at The Irish Pub.
Cheers
Adam Schefter just did.
Need Beats?Contact us at: 30 For Regular Lease 40 For Premium Lease 100 For Exclusive Rights
What you need?
First you don't start handing out corporate tax cuts if you want to balance the budget.
where doctor!
where!
Sounds like I missed a heck of a game!
So happy LA is moving on.
Playoffs are just better with The Show.
crushin on you but i dont what 2 say.
Being someone's first love may be great, but to be someone's last is beyond perfect
I'm doing a neighborhood lotto pool!
Had no idea it would be this much fun to win HALF A BILLION!!!
How do u do this?
HAPPYBIRTHDAYALFREDO sucks that has more swag than yu ; 5
Love Actually for the billionth time w/ 
I like because the logo looks like a superhero insignia.
I'm like a little tea pot, just tip me over and pour me out!
Everything in moderation ...including moderation.
Morning everyone.
It would be cool if u can explain 2 me wht I know  wht I need to know to get whr I want to go : perhaps ovr a pint or coffee
I swear I'll have Middlemarch finished by the next
Joseph Addai signing with the Patriots could be the death knell to Kevin Faulk's hopes of staying with New England.
People see themselves as the center of the universe and judge everything as it relates to them.
Pilgrims
bummed i guess i didn't get enough votes to open for nevershoutnever in may!
A person who is truly curious is unlikely to be deeply angry, unhappy, or afraid.
By the delightful Sarah Taub.
wait huh?
I still don't have tickets to see the Motley Crüe and Poison show tomorrow night....
:
My dog must be out in his sleep.
Wonder what he doctoraming about.
His lil legs just a twitching like crazy col
omg n it's cold to go outside lol so after Toyota where u guys going
I love that...
Girl Who Widower :
thanks for the recommendation.
Have never been into the comic heroes, but have been hearing such great things about movies
There's talking about it, and then there's doing something.
Isn't it time?
We are getting close to finishing The River by Gary Paulsen in reading class.
helping revamp his executive summary at the
Just got to see my first navy ship returning to Coronado from deployment.
Welcome home!
Surprised at how much I am enjoying watching the NBA today.
Next person i encounter walking their dog at a snail's pace will have a bag of fecal matter thrown at them.
End of story.
i watched it and its awesome!!!!
:
forgot to ask/did not read evidence: where you guys at the Etihad y'day?
More like a gig mosh at the end.
Ecstatic.
Have I mentioned how much I enjoy walking a puppy around a dew soaked, nearly freezing back yard?
psh, ill leave the door unlocked!
Haha but it was mind boggeling you tweeted me that cause I literally sat up thinking that.
news Artist Leo Fitzmaurice, who creates new art out of old objects, from cigarette packets to 19th Century landscape paintings, wins the
I am now following who is cordially invited to meet w/ all in Beirut/Malta next July
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work?
A stick.
Thank for the RT!
where do you see Marquette in the Big East this year?
Top 7?
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
May your doctorams defy the laws of gravity.
H.
Jackson Brown, Jr
Free Free Free Free
Why do some of the prettiest people have the most ugliest attitudes?
over 12 percent of his life he his a serial child rapist so he could abuse more and more
Thanks!
Hope you get to come back soon.
Maybe for a little 'staycation.'
My dogs have been so patient with me all week.
How to reward them  a walk and some catch  but alas a bit later.
do you know Matt Greaney?
My Klouchebag score is 6.
I won't brag because I'm a nice person.
: Flied out to center and UW wins 32.
:  that's all I have
Suggestion: Don't listen to The Scientist while upset about Supernatural
AND ITS A SCARY ONE FOR ME.
WHERE I FROM, I NEVER SAW IT WENT BELOW 76 DEGREES.
IMAGINE DAT.LOL
You should be ashamed of yourself Either definition is still too good for that trash.
Kyle Orton is on the trading block.
your not letting anyone down!
As a matter of fact your doing the opposite!
I mean, look at all the fans u already have!
I'll see ya when I see ya
That's a bad half of basketball.
I can't wait until the MarylandLiveCasino opens at
Looking for a personalized holiday workout?
Email us at to receive your workout!
Go Look at it.
doctorg Barry off the pitch.
u evil smh thats means i got wear my thick ass glasses smh
Creative rehydoctortion time.
Not entirely sure what that means, but it's definitely happening.
What is Ripped Radio?
ohh you did not!
What?
Not fair.
Who want a innerstate Ike verse?
I got u for the LOW Wats Hatnin?
You taste like Grape Kool Aid
I graduated early girl!
But school was great when I was there : I'm taking the semester off!
wby?
did you start college ?
i don't think it is dying but becoming more popular
there comes a point where u have to unwillingly blame yourself..the other person is not always the problem
about to start talk Taking Modeling Seriously
that's why I only sex w/ midgets.
My junk looks like a sewer pipe in their hands
Being friends with  Bet she doesn't know if that's good or bad hahahaha ;
We might need to do a 60 day no porn challenge here in DC!
What do you think?
great having you today in studio!
TeenagePaparazzo is fantastic :
tells Birdman lemme get the keys to the Rover truck
I'm SO PROUD OF U SIS OMG...NA YO FUTURE CAN START
Down to the wire volunteers up 6059.
46.1 sec left.
is exploring real estate opportunities with the City University of New York...
Thank you Brad Segall, Autumn Marisa, and for joining NAWBO this morning!
We appreciate your time and expertise!
Heading all around the greater LA area with appointments!
Cant help but love this weather
Include comeonkatherine for a free shout out!
:
I love Nicki Minaj with blonde hair
Crazy how I just beat san andoctoras a couple weeks ago.
I could never get past them airplane missions when i was a kid smh...2nd2none
So glad I asked questions, I would've been pissed if he left  then I realized that its not whole home DVR.
His mistake not mine.
Perfecting that walk like a boss!
To all of my fellow writers who tweet something other than buy, buy, buy and me, me, me I want to say thank you.
Deontology is the discipline that studies duty.D
Whatever your plans, stop any say hello on Brady Street!
Hey Dave thanks for the question, Im currently working with bars and restaurant in downtown Cleveland  West park station.
Josh might be the unreal juicer!
oh yaknoww ; haha i miss you
worst final five secs in final four history?
also confirmed: our spending cash is pooled together and doled out to daily winners of miniomegathon events
We have this  for and.
What about but?
I want an easy symbol.
Can I use this / ?
feel free to add us to your restaurant listing.
thanks!
Its official spring game postponed  no make up date set yet
RT If you can't convince them, confuse them.
is on board with Thai Chichen Salad cups, BBQ Pork sliders w/horseradish slaw AND...
mini funnel cakes w/powdered sugar.
oh!
I think I might make something!
Eggs in every form hold a godlike poetic authority
UCLA is getting a special player in Kyle Anderson.
Love watching that young man play!
Great to meet you!
RT On to Cali!!!!
Puttin some chicken steak tip ribs burgers  hot dogs on the grill macaroni salad  potato salad on the side!
columbia heights.
and while i'm at it, let me commend you for your pumpkin chai latte AMAZING
May 1st.time flies so fast.
Good luck!
RT : You could say I am nervous about speaking in front of 2400 people tonight.
But excited too.
oops!
Just saw this...
Skype tomorrow?
Or maybe just listen to my voicemail and call me back :
Still can't believe he's gone.
RT All of San Diego invited to celebrate the life of Junior Seau on May 11 at 6:30pm at Qualcomm.
Much respect for the people thinking green.
not just the color but the message inbetween.
What an eventful bottom o the 9th ahah
Gearing up for FUSION.
Last year was a whirlwind.
Looking forward to gaining a deeper knowledge of Desire2Learn this time.
Also: Denver!
Happy birthday to the beautiful , hope it was a great day!
Some of my favorite music is nonJazz, too.
Headsup MN people, good show approaching.
RT: Heading to Minneapolis.
doctorving by ginormous store on way to water park yesterday is closest I've been to yet.
I could almost smell the meatballs.
now offering beat financing
since it was visitors sharing what they were doing at the moment, that worked.
It was opt in, less formal.
Y dese hoes be purpin so fuckin much bitches be lying worse den niggas DAMN!!!
bold strategy
we're okthis dude was saying he was going to round up more protesters and physically force us to leave.
CRAZY.
if it's really all random then there is no solution...
if you really believe that, what's the point in fighting it?
It never gets easier.
You just get better.
Colton Dixon Started the show with his belief and I loved it..
idol i believe he wants to win to randy Jackson.
Worship is where it is
Won the water fight against Yessssir!
:D
nwill2011  a video of usability test findings will have more impact than a text summary
I like running away from my job, feels like back in highschool ditching a class
Why, yes...
it is my job to ask Why?
YES!
focus first on strategy for IT, Marketing, Soc Med,  Museum!
:
Wow, April is turning out to be a slow month for dating.
and I thought we found awesome oversized pillows at the store.
Until we realized they were beds for dogs.
Oh, new photo.
Very continental.
Got a coffee, mocha actually.
All pumped up for a bonus story on Live at 7, KGW.
Ready for some snow?
Done..
Congrats on being runner up with such a quick answer and the added bonus of having the model of gun.
I love Damien and vocal rehearsals.
Joseph I get to hear my part correct :
Im ok.
glad it finally stopped raining.
and the White House only opposes CISPA b/c it favors the Senate equivalent.
why do i go to bed so late evry night when im shot as fuck every morning
Hitting home runs: that's what wins ballgames.
Defense is overrated.
have a ONEderful time today!
hugs  kisses to kinsley, the bday girl!
xxoo
I can help you manage your cash flow.
But read this to find out why it is important you understand cash flow for your
If I'm George Zimmerman, the last person I go to for legal advice is Sean Hannity.
only if i can tie my boogie board to the back of the raft!
clackBelay!
live life to the fullest.
just bought the O'Reilly book on PHP/MYSQL.
Can Laurinaitis Call it Down the Middle?
Long live Gorilla, Lord of the Jungle.
YOU'RE HOME YOU'RE HOME YOU'RE HOME
Twitter is lame
One big room full of broke bitches
I reached 4,000 followers :D
Congrats Nardie!
So proud of you.
RT : S/O to  for throwing this coming Sunday 02/12...come out  support your local DJ's
Trying to keep up with Lost before I sink into the new season, almost done with season 4.
Waiting for Chrisette to come out gonna give her a JUICESOULMUSIC CD
why what'd she do to you?
For the next 1 hour swing by Shanahans Steakhouse and get the deal shown here: 45 3 Course Sunday Supper
Joshua Park, 36, has been arrested in Alamogordo for being in a vacant, bankowned house with a Cokebottle meth lab.
For personal use.
Cherish and love those who have held you up.
Let them know who they are in your life.
Thank you for your support and liking this page!
xo
ah rachel such a doctorma queen.
How I missed this so!
I can't wait for interview with omfg
that's not a cougar bro..
she's a fucking grandma.
Guys, we're getting there!
Prizes  supplies ordered, bags stuffed, reading logs folded...
5 more school visits to go...!
Want to be a part of Nikki Nite's Valentine's Day Cards for Kids?
Decorate your favorite valentines and doctorp it off to us.
Deadline is 2/7!
thanks for the follow.
I dont RT I guess I'm the only one on twitter that doesn't watch Mad Men.
So cool!
cool story bro
lol...I told him!!!!
Seriously, I'm glad its out!
What was it?
Nasty fires still going around central Texas with more expected to start up today.
Winds are blowing and everything is doctor...
I love it when I'm given a project that makes me bring out all my design skills.
Makes college debt a tiny bit less depressing.
yea she is like a big sister and very smart with the YouTube stuff
At a panel called The Achievement Gap: Is There an App for That?
Assuming it's meant to be ironic but who knows.
tonight!
opening reception for a private glimpse, 68pm!
My liver and kidneys hate me :
finally some snow holidayvalley with
is training, teaching, and professorssionalization beyond the dissertation.
Black Women's Authoritative Knowledge on Childbirth diss DOES
you're really nice to :
when is the store in Victor NY opening?
This blogger needs to know!
Just got off work.
11 hour day.
FML
Nice win tonight Sixers.
Go check this out.
It's pretty eyeopening.
Thinking about some decisions I've made.
Thanks!
It's not until Sunday, but I appreciate it.
one is not simply seen when speaking louder.
The stuff dyrdek does is absolutely outrageous.
Facebook time
i can't believe the snow actually stuck
Anyone else think President Grover Cleveland looks like Ed Rooney in Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
At least from his picture as 22nd President.
Orlando has a replica of Hogwarts.
Indiana has a replica of District 12.
It's called Gary.
will do sir.
Kinda intrigued with the CDGR Index as a tool for lowering Beta  Std Dev.
The Fund holds stock during upswings  Cash during downswings.
Tanning day with 
Bruce Springsteen opens the Grammys and he's backed up by an excellent ensemble of strings!
Thank you, Red!
3
Give the gift of clearer vision.
Does your honey need new lenses?
Great Valentine's Day gift idea hint hint..
;
Watchin ...
THIS IS JUSTIN BIEBER on TLC
We're at the Red State screening with Kevin Smith...good stuff
who are your 2 favorites at this point to win the Bachelor Pad?
I may have time in early May, so just shoot me an email when you're ready and we'll set up a time to talk : Thanks,
Just got an email about a woman running a writein campaign for Allegheny Co.
Exec.
Makes compelling arguments compared to the other 2 guys.
thebelt needs some lunch!
Where you from ?
: Steve jobs passed awaysad day  that really suck!!!
You feel bad?
has a lower Klout than me.
That's downright criminal.
morning i already liked u on facebook
working only on US products at this time.
hi, do u still teach the CMP bootcamp?
I love Tetris.
Did you ever play 3D Tetris?
Super intense.
Get off ma line hoe!!!!
I hope this is the real ......
Even if it's not am still following......
Too fckn funny.
follow back?
Arrington leaves AOL.
No winners in the guessing game on www.whenwillmichaelquit.com/.
Thanks for setting this up, while here.
3 tv's set up.
Ready to go!
awesome day at epic!
largest sunday yet!
Don't miss 'ruin your lunch sunday' next week!
many USA homeless have to live in libraries, fastfood, parks, woods ,vehicles, coffee shops , benches and sidewalks.
there is no HOME!
bwahah that would be the line!
she ended up not having them :/
OM MY LIL SIS JUST PUT FOIL IN THE MICROWAVE I HAD TO RUN AN GET IT OUT LOL SHE TRIN KILL EVERYBODY
Whenever Monday comes you can find me cryin' all the time.
They're just playing around rt : wow I used to listen to the sports guru.
Not anymore.
So lame boys, super ignorant.
haha yea sorry im studying for finals now!
So why can't he do the same for Tebow?
The man gave you a play off birth with a pretty shitty receiving core and half a season left.
Someone tweet me ThatsTheTruth I'm bored and bored some more
Supermodel Christie Brinkley made her Broadway debut April 8 as merry murderess Roxie Hart in the longrunning revival of Chicago
Glad to hear your phone is not lost anymore
Thank you Pittsburgh for continuing to pass.
If it's your job to eat a frog, do it first thing in the morning.
If it's your job to eat two frogs, eat the biggest one first.
Not every single girl is searching, some are actually single and satisfied.
the same convo about riskchange associated with tebow seem similar to your argument about going for 2.
Need the right mentality
Missed the Johnny Carson documentary.
: Another PBS thing I'm going to have to buy.
surely appreciate the love
IWe could spend more time during advisory meetings getting students to reflect and clarify and share interests and passions.
So many qr codes in one place
: S/o to my new follower  preciate 
COD CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS
no problem!
thanks for checking us out!
what do you mean: all the press stuff that he wants....?
Who are you referring to with he?
sucks about the ankle, was really looking forward to you pitching this year.
Get well and take care.
Thanks!
This one had some great broll from John Kasbe and the folks working with Yole!
Africa.
thanks, I love constant motion.
Many virtual friendships were cemented in person with hugs and learning at the inaugural HubSpot User Group in Cambridge and Boston
get on skype!!
Made 's clean apple crisp again...damn it is SO fn good for br
Congratulations to Scott Baker who won a free submission to from 's amazing contest!!
nice!!!
You guys deserve it!!!
here we go again...
I want to mic a 10speaker off axis through all your moog pedals and mic the pa through the system
Just finished Watching Speed
: Ya know, it'd be nice to get a good morning text from someone once ina while.
Sorry I won't be able to make it to the reading tonight!
I hope it goes wonderfully!
you never herd of a 40 be4 in movies and stuff lmao
tweet the boy!
And I'm 100 not talking about anyone you would probably know.
No one important.
I have a real problem with someone who makes a good story.
Your article in Huffpost Style today was hilarious.
Because of Truth of course.
Please help me make my bff's doctorams come true.
She really needs this.
Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan.
PLEASE.
Day one done and a success!
: holla back!
clothing design  represent!
Holla!....
how could I not follow you, I Love lilo !
Hating life right now
s/o to the homie he got on the plane to make it to my Bday Bash tonight at Club Smile.
Thank you as well.
:
I would have googled it if I didn't know haha
I walk around in circles while I'm talking on the phone c:
has arrived at
Omg can't wait for the weekend .
Oh no.
I'm swamped.
Today I think I'll go job hunting.
:
Good trick to eat less ice cream.
Turn the temp way down on freezer  ice cream becomes so hard you can't dish up too much!
: u have facetime right u should facetime me on my ipod touch but i look like shit
Use social media to meet identified needs, not just 'cause you feel like it.
your text that you just sent me seriously made my night!!
Emirates Cup victory looking less impressive by the day!
meaningless midseason friendlies.
Sold some energy doctornks though.
So show the around the neighborhood!
I'm all lost and shiz
: haha, no, just deliriously hung over and sad...I think...
I feel his pain!
LinkedIn zip code
funny he hasn't commented on twitter for 16 days until minutes ago
im not sure at all whats going through the minds of lebron and dwade smh.
OneThingIDon'tLike is when people put themselves down, or say things about themselves that aren't true.
Hi I'm Kelsey!
I don't play any instruments but I'm trying to learn and I love you more:
Oregon's getting ready to welcome another one loss team to the PAC12.
Before I say goodnight..I wanna say I can't wait 2 get tht 5th NBA ring!
GOSpursGo!
Bring it back to SaTown!
Its ours!
TimDuncan Awaits
Yes, it is a very unfortunate phrase.
Lmao RT : Hey look!
Jordan Hill is in the 2nd round before TMac...
Thank u to all of u beautiful people who made tonights show such so special.
And congrats to on their cd release!
First day at the new gig!
Love it but miss my family!
Happy Valentines Day!
Hallmark holiday or great way to show your true love??
Germany just got lucky...
RT : Whenever i take LONG showers , means i had or have alot of shit on my mind .
Straight edge guys have problems...it has to go somewhere
Pessimistic knowitalls love to hate on RonPaul.
Apparently, being a doomsayer is cooler than believing in something.
just ate too much odessa
Bitches are so trashy...
Even on Easter!
Lol...
SMH WhenIsGarbageDay?
stop trying to make fetch happen
fun times doing a phone interview with mister Owlett's 6th graders from Elkton, PA this morning.
Don't be mad because I don't care anymore.
Be mad because I once did and you were too blind to see.
These fuckin refs blow
And please don't count the number of times I say hm and that's cool.
Such a dweeb.
Not a TV guy.
I write crap.
Starting a brand new 13NLH.
Come on over and get in the game!!!
I am!
Working late night shift at home.
Got some Star Trek on and upgrading the web site.
Now this is how you work.
Election results duty tonight.
If anyone needs me, I'll be speed dialing town clerks until about 10.
At Dillon ' s  Having so much fun ,:
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week.
u must be going to round up.
Lol.
Damn Jeff Fisher making moves stockpiling picks in StL
4WordsYouDontWantToHear Diet And Weight Loss  Shoutout to the fat and lazy!
At lease we don't Tebow
idk what i'm in the mood for tho ..
RAW WEDNESDAY'S  CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS LADIES FREE TILL 11 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21 SECURITY IS TIGHT!!
This is great.
And: What's with the little scratch of the chin gesture Gov.
Romney is doing?
What does that mean?
Imagine Making out with then he starts going down your pants and sticks two fingers inside you3
MAKE ME A FAN SIGN LOVE..
AND ILL MAKE YOU ONE ;
I love Disney.
I'm chilling in my bedoctor.
Mom in living rm.
Heading bk up to MIA 2morrow to pick up cousin flying in from Germany.
We had a great week.
How about you?
we are winning with the poor mans Corey Patterson in left and a guy hitless for the year lol
No problem, Grecia!
That's what we're here for.
If finals are now pleasing, just think of how rad summer will be.
I'm in a suite at a Guns and Roses concert.
This just feels wrong.
Before your night out downtown, stop in to for wine and cheese flights!
thank you!
And np!
Deb Ayers great answer to age old q of osb vs mediator  if composite has just a mediator in it, prob not using technology way Oracle would
OK, updated request for help in SF: Just need about an hour of someone's time starting between 1 and 4pm, just to get stuff INTO the truck.
but some people would rather allow some1 else to run their home  lives.
And be a societal mooch...
What a great win/finish for the Red Wings tonight, they needed that.
two more chances to see us play before we take at least a year off.
I hope the Clippers step it up
Knowing a song before it comes popular.
Good morning!
I am feeling some energy I need to burn off so a good chase would be alright!
Call you today or doctorp by AM Fri?
but only Madison has the magic key ;
Looking for the right way to do the wrong things.
GB will play Chi on NFL Network Sept.
13 and then at Seattle Mon night Sept.
24 on ESPN, source said.
yeah, weird right?
Alba is taking over NYC bus, train, restaurants, cemeteries....those crazy ladies!
It's a thing.
Not quite a handicap, but...
Seeking PMP certified Project Managers for contract and ch jobs.
Email your resumes to .
Collections Mgrs gather this AM to compare digitization workflows.
There will be many valid ones.
hopes for only one?
you misunderstood me.
I was agreeing with you
I would like to!
But trying to balance with NCAA March Madness....
So you think Bo Ryan was wrong to want an inperson discussion with Uthoff?
Too many kids calling/texting their decisions
I need my meds now
: It will be interesting to see if the Browns trade Colt today!
U think we could get a pick for the current doctorft 4 him?
Tell your mama HappyMothersDay!
Damn!
Messi right off the post.
Well that was a hell of a match.
Frustrating, but just a great match.
It will be different at Camp Nou.
The cleanse is working....I think.
One more week until SPRING BREAK!!!
yayy:
Please share this page with all of your smalltown friends!
retweet Want more views on your youtube videos?
Follow us and we will retweet you videos.
we dont hav many followrs but u can help us out
Privacy should be cherished.
1111 MakeAWish AustinMahone!!!
11:11 is my new favorite song!!!
We have to make it in the top 10 on iTunes 3
Young Adult made me do this.
Love that song too : That song is amazing live :D
You can never be too safe!!
scotch scotch scotch
When I have to shit at work I try and doctorp loads in the lady's bathroom.
That way the girls have to smell my shit when they are doing blow!
superbowl party, please!
My friends  What you make happen for others, God will make happen for you.
STOP TAKING AND GIVE BACK TO SOMEONE AND IT DOESNT REQUIRE MONEY
School is getting on my nerves!
I want this weekend!
I guess im callin BOO tonight ;
Neylon: think about the thing you cannot do and how you could use someone else's work, then focus on creating interoperability.
I asked my mom if we could move to UK.
She knows why, but she said no ...
:/
casting speaking roles  extras for directed by Submit headshot and acting reel link to
Starting to get ready for the Candy Buy Back in October!
Cash for Candy!
Operation Gratitude for the TROOPS!
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
The Wizard of OZ Happy Valentines to All!!!
So tell me why my 2mnth old sister actually watches tv like a kid hahaha
i sneeze alot when i'm tired
Had to move the happy hour inside because of the weather..
But we're still having a good time!
greatstrides cff 1700 K st
Randy Moss to SF.
Only 100 more followers until I share who my first concert was...
It's still really funny!
waves Hey there!
I ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again
Took a nap earlier.
Just woke up.
There goes my somewhat normal sleep schedule.
on the topchef tonight!
Go Get Em!
doctorver back from Midway recommends Iyanze and Nigerian Kitchen.
Iyanze has the same owners as Bolat, so it's probably a good bet.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA no next joke please
But you have WORDS and they are WRITTEN.
You can fill in plot holes because you now know where they are!
What are you planning for ThanksGiving?
are you guys running against POTUS or the DNC chair?
RT Exciting for tomorrow's conference C2CSS12 Me too!
What a nice day we're having :
b/c U say UR nothing special  not 2 waste Our time with U.
That is so not true!
Now cut that out :
your team might not make it to the playoffs this year lol
Bucks honoring UWWhitewater sports teams for captainring national championships in football and basketball.
Wait, one more congradulations is a combination of congratulations and graduation.
Quit saying that shit for other occasions
David LaCroix from DC here.
Learning  education consultant, currently working as a contractor at the Smithsonian.
.
Thanks for joining us, Bradley!
Wish you were around when I need you and not when it's just convenient..
National Pillow Fight Day is tomorrow.
Check to see if there's a massive pillow fight near you!
same to u!
Hope u found somewhere to get some grub!
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change can be.
John Wooden
Just beat my sisters boyfriend at COD GOML kid GOML
Off to walk Frankie to the bus...
then I hope the rest of my day is peaceful....
Merry christmas to all and to all a goodnight :
Did you know?
Peanuts are not nuts but legumes grown underground.
Happy National Peanut Butter Day!
How are you celebrating?
Money hungry hoes
yes sir!
Bouta be the busiest day of my life.
I just saw a guy starting  cleaning snow off wife's car, on the back of his jacket was taped a sign that said Remote Car Starter
please tweet 3
Q: What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off?
A: Spit, swallow, and gargle.
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10 CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP 1Q
Before I tweet about this, let's pray.
Just seen the video again.
Gotta admit she went at it with 5 chickenheads haha.
Props Taylor Royce haha
I really dont like the clean version of BITT:
No rain, palm trees, and a warm breeze.
This is going to be a culture shock!
This MY twitter not YOURS ima talk MY shyt!!
I think I love backbonejs and
Husband: you have glitter EVERYWHERE...
Inside your ears, on your face, arms, legs, phone, my phone it's been a god day so far.
OMG so tired of all the test in school and Happy good friday everyone
Stay classy Arkansas
Just ran into a tree in Hollister
Our Compton Based Hood Movie that we need Financiers/INVESTORS 4 will STAR n Other Known Name Talent
haha thanks, I'll be here all week!
clearly I have no clue what ur talking about but I 3 ur Davidson shout!
I just died.
LMAO hahahahaha So stinkin' true though
I'll follow you wherever you go.
caprese sandwich, salad w/blue cheese  hazelnuts, and creme brûlée!
yum.
the best thing about birthdays is the texts you get  exactly 12 :
most definitely good to remeet you this year!
This time ungracious temper
Yes it is!
I wrote a response paper earlier this semester where I misspelled three different ways.
Sipping on a cup of Intelligentsia coffee...my morning is already better
well said!!
Two more shows today!
It's 69 and beautiful today!
: twitter huh?!
I guess u can text thru twitter?
I fucks wit it
: While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you'll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly ...
I am watching Doogie Howser right now.
It's fantastic.
Arbanas defeats Scraper at 2:16 of the 1st round due to strikes.
YOur always welcome.
was just on 's Watch What Happens Live.
: ears burning....uh oh!
Now I'm distracted while is updating us!!
same day wow
i am who i am and take it or leave it.
RT : Where will LOVE go next?
Any suggestions?
Any ideas?
my doctorwing might take awhile
I am equally fascinated and disturbed by the show, Oddities.
Louie has been watching a marathon all day.
Marry The Night on the radio on way to get some grubb lmao 
Good Morning Educators!
Do you create a list of rules for your students?
Or do you let them create them with you?
I'm done with Hanging w/Friends.
I just really don't like it that much and not b/c I lost all the time.
lol
Well, I tweet from my new desk!
Subterranean show in Chicago was a blast.
Thanks to , , for helping us put on a great show.
Somebody made a dirty bieber secret with Austin in it.
Thats just fucking nasty!
Thats just wrong and digusting!
SMH 
You know it.
I'm auctioning off two spots on my team to benefit Have any prizes I could include?
Done with scanning and on our way home.
Watch for more advance digital images of what's inside of the token balls soon.
RT : Whatever you wish to experience in your own life, cause another to experience in theirs.
Lin is struggling Miami's offence is on point
3 Tuesday!
RT : Tuesday nights is Belltown's version of 'Cheers.' :
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 13
one of the best coaches on speed mechanics that I have had a chance to meet and work with was
We roll the windows up and down, and toot the horn in every town.
Who cares what the orchestra costs?
Chiillen, School is almost here  I'll admit kinda wanna go back to school, miss my friends.:
Baylor and Washington have the worst 2 defenses in the history of college football...
WOW!!!!
I love it.
I vote yes.
Learned striking grappling and and now wrestling/transitions .
Events in Connecticut  New York Times
our new definition.
Now to get it into
.
is copying my sunglasses look
as in bread?
or pastries?
I actually watched the home run derby last night...is that wrong?
didn't come to school today
Aww thanks, we love you too!
And looking forward to seeing you on Monday for Bridget and Alex's wedding!
Have a great weekend!
Honestly, not sure when the next one will come out, it all depends on inventory availability...
I wish I could be more help!
that's awful sweet but it's probably too late for me to haul buns to the largo!
There are many ways to do it but there's only one Samplesaint way vistit our website www.samplesaint.com to learn more...
Award winners: Intellectual Freedom Award: Devon Hicks; TLA Making A Difference Award: Ride for Reading
I'm gonna her
New membership is making the doctorve home much more enjoyable..
Thanks and !
so could I take you up on that offer to borrow a cake pan sometime this week?
some of the cake will be yours in return!
RT : FLOOD RELIEF UPDATE: Our responders just headed out to rescue two more dogs found in high flood waters.
On this day in 1980, Rick James and the Stone City Band appeared on the hit music show Don Kirshners Rock Concert.
I wanna relationship  then I think of all the things that can go wrong and get scared to even try .
what can I say I'm a bit of a nerd...
hahha
hahaha you are totally hard care!
now attend a birth at the same time!
so what should i cook for dinner tonite!
was thinking pork chops but really unsure......ideas????
can't touch this.
;
Randomly keep getting a magazine called FamilyCircle in the mail?
Does anyone know why?
I must look inot this!!!
Thanks so much!
Howard
you should copy me and come to nyc in two weeks
A SEPARATION deserves the award for best foreign film, but BULLHEAD is still a better movie with more nuanced performances.
Prime rib  pepperoni pizza?
Do they go together?
They do today.
Making major progress on the launch of a new online printing company!
Just set up a really cool live chat feature to boost conversion rates.
Early morning cardio at the fitness center at the hotel  then its time to eat and an impromptu photoshoot this afternoon!
worry about these books so you can go to college  wild out
If any of you have a problem with me tweeting the things I want to, please click the unfollow button.
Kthanksbitch.
Please DO NOT foget the kids out there that can not change their situation.
They are in the situation they are in, not by choice!
GOD bless
A good way to get ideas rather.
:P
Hilar!
that's is one of the longest hash tags I've seen in a while.
Ps.
you should change your twitter name to Jay Lou!
why do you have to rain on my parade?
I was quite proud.
they do it by itself!
Sorry!
How is your recovering going??
your bf is finna get fucked like them whiteboy Spaniards did to 15th century Mexico city.
m/
thanks for the share man!
It was cool playing with Animate.css more indepthly.
Right.
That's how I set it up, having learned my lesson the first time.
Still fail.
my how the lineman have become so huge over the years
Topic for Eng 103 is procrastination.
I am reading about it while I have done it.
I am reading it at the last minuit.
Muuuurda she wrote.
ok good lol i was like I saw something different I think it was 55 not guarenteed, 26 is tho
lol i did
He is everywhere lol RT : 2Chainz is taking over the summer for sure...he's everywhere
NetworkedBlogs is a way to publish your content to people whove subscribed to receive updates based on categories etc.
it helps!
start by taking acting classes.
Take workshops around town.
Then do a lot of research.
Find out what your good at in acting.
Yes on Sun.
Doesn't work for us as I'm having surgery today.
Feeling like a new woman after 2 luxurious backtoback sleep sessions, 6 hours each.
Aaaaaahhh...
good look out I would check it outYoBoyH
Back from Atlantic City.
Came out ahead so that's always nice:
We're excited to have you!
Let us know what you order!
RT Excited to try a new restaurant tonight.
here we come!
FactAboutMe I live in Mississippi, but born in LA.
I love it down here, but when I graduate, I'm moving soo far away from here.
There were too many cool beers to choose from, so I just picked the one with the most fun label.
watching movies...haha..but you have to study for something don't you?
pretty sure i've developed a heart murmur from excess coffee intake.
Family faces are magic mirrors.
Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present  future.
We make discoveries abt ourselves.
Reminder!
David Garrett will be on tonight from 8930.
Artown volunteers will be manning the phones and ED Beth will be on air!
I'm glad it was only a 5.8.
Funny, tho, the same instincts applied..
James Padgett with the first two buckets of the second half for the Terps.
He is getting assertive like he should against UNCW
oh i see what you mean, should have said,  thinks it will go up
I was just at HT and forgot to buy red wine vinegar.
See you in a minute.
All of us on the Flyers had a chance, but her mouth was sore after the 18th player
Believe those who are seeking the truth.
Doubt those who find it.
Andoctor Gide
Thank you!
Love your mission!
You should connect with LightCaster  she'd love your focus!
Uggghhhh Monday you little bitch!!
that was supposed to be your Rockies.
I am not claiming them.
Typo!
i am so shallow.
that's probably good though.
Metrics that show how you're shaping behavior  in.
Metrics that just show high awareness  out via
Is a 10 year old too young to have his/her own comptuer or smartphone?
will ever notice me it am I just another fan who wants him to follow me??
I don't think he will follow!/3 heart braking:
xx RT : New day, new attitude.
Amazing, amazing, amazing!
You were already one of my favorites but you shot up way high for me!
You've got my vote!
talk to me I'm so bored lol
Did some more on my WIP this afternoon.
Coming along nicely.
Keep the comments coming..we are tallying up responses
It's snowing!
What is the most valuable commodity out there today?
Technology?
What will be the most valuable commodity in the future?
Time?
Performance artist Marni Kotak to give birth in front of audience in Brooklyn
You still have time to order your holiday catering from Mangia!!
Open Christmas Eve from 8 A.M.
to 3 P.M....Buon Natale!!
Thanks!
I can't wait to stay on the beach : RT WERK!
Very pretty city, have fun3
: Trust is not a once in a while thing.
It's a constant thing.
You can't be on time one day and late the next.
gitomer success
Road trip progress: Virginia, check.
D.C, check.
Maryland, check.
Delaware, check.
Almost in the dirty jerz
Follow My Other Account For A Guaranteed Follow Back
Take this opportunity to register for Cru De Gra!
Don't be left out
Haha love you too!!
33 :P
I gotta make it even if heaven or hell.
you can't be serious
Apr 22,1932: Churchill spent rest of April at Chartwell working on Marlborough' with historian Maurice Ashley.
I hate it when people go to work and I can't talk to them anymore :
The reason I would get a Nook: more room in my purse for other things.
Skype me when you can.
Watching local high school football on tv and doctornking beer at the same time.
I bet the high school athletes are doctornking beer too.
Yesterday was nice out, BBQ Some burgers.
They were good, no pink slime.
Today is another nice day.
Hope everyone will have a good day.
Well, sorry, but UGH I wish my boyfriend would get off the video games....
So he can move over and I can play mine ;
i doctoram that i could have her, i wish that my doctorams mattered
I can't believe this conversation.
: I hope you all get a chance to go soon!
You all sure know how to make my day.
I'm feelin' the love!
Time to practice some Math and Reading with the students.
It's never to early to start preparing for the FCAT this school year.
: Did you tell her about this?
She'll love it.
RE: Our sales mgr stood up  said, That's it!
I'm selling this book at Sizzler!
how do you think Vandy will do against the cats though?
Should be a good game
I said I'm over you , but every time my phone vibrates , my heart still wishes it's a text from you .
NBA legend Robert Parrish will be on with today at 3:30pm PT to talk hoops and at 4pm talks
lol!!
Thanks...
If not, ima turn her into a fan!
Lol
goodnight hernia.
;
Trying to act natural around cops, even when you did nothing wrong.
who?
o.O
Need to remember it takes time to develop a good rapport w/patients.
I have to prove to each one I want to help them.
On w/ about how Rs are making it more expensive for students to attend college.
Tune in  11am PT
Antique Shopping in Peterborough NH for this weekend was great!
Check out the blog.
Please, Hammer...
RT : Goal!
23 seconds into the 3rd Hawks go up 72 on goal by Gabriel
Am I weird for liking the scrolling in Lion?
I find I get confused on Snow Leopard machines now.
If anyone would like to start a twitterfeud, thereby raising both our professorles: I'm available!
overheard at : it's a commune, for lack of a better word.
now I do lol
you've met craig owens?!
Want fashionable advice for the average size women?
Check out www.theplusinfashion.com
Love sucks
No problemo : I hadn't been on in a while, so I hadn't the chance!
Iwas unaware that April was also child abuse awareness month, since we are active with the autism awareness movement
the delish always delivered by !
Glad you enjoyed
STRESSED...OUT TIME TO ROLL'EM...SWEAAR...
Not enough to make me take back every bad thing I've said about ABC Daytime, but its a damn good start!
really?
What are your favorite podcasts?
Off to Borders  babies r us to shop gift for baby shower later.
One of these weekends, I need a pedicure.
hey my twitter Fam!!!
when im sore from dance and Jared rubs my legs and back 3
it's hard, but i try to have each patron day be brand new.
you were an ass to me yesterday?
we'll start over fresh today.
hehe i like this.
RT : My relationship with Indianapolis is currently in good standing.
DON'T SCREW IT UP CITY.
xoxo
IM SO READY TO HIT DA SCENE SIP ON SUM LEAN AND SMOKE ON SUM GREEN !!!!!!!
LMAO
Don't forget to set your clocks back!
me too!
all these tweets and facebook posts from about being in worcester make me SO UPSET that i'm not home for it!!
:
Experimenting with Flash Catalyst and Flash Builder Betas  awesome stuff.
Can't wait for production software.
lol i got ya
It's like Regis on Who wants to be a Millionaire?
saying We'll be right back with the answer...with 3 days of commercials.
GRR SUSPENSE
WhenAustin follows you and your heart starts beating like crazy.
RT if he follows you.
3
indeed!
like hitting a snooze button.
That shit crazy
Tampico memories!
The best!
:
Happy Friday!!!!
Thank you for following!
We look forward to sharing Tweets!
Big difference in your and you're.
Thanks!
: It's been a long journey!
If this damn steamboat doesn't hurry its honkin ass on down the Mississippi right quick so that I can get back to recording I'm gonna freak
: and most importantly you keep well and LIVESTRONGGGGGG!!!
all my best wishes H : J
blush That's so nice, thx!
: anytime!
I love spreading the word abt how great your programs are
2nd major AR hit me yesterday..
Googled him..
kind of a big deal..
Thank God..
and one fabulous guy!!
See you tonight!
Chunk, no captainin chunk!
are shit to me.
well as long as stiring refers to both pots and cocktails, I think I will be AOK:
mostly something like jimmy nielsen or graham zusi...
Or just lots of cheering, are you sure it wasn't cheering?
Kentucky baby!!!!
True.
True.
Thanks for the follow!
She brought chocolate covered bananas, Chinese food, and film noirs?
It's trap.
one more
What makes big boobs and perkiness so attractive to boys I mean, really.
Two round, mounds of fat and a fake smile.
Yeah, winning attributes
all your VIP needs and bottle service in Vegas.
Contact me when your in
Please pray for me that God's spirit will speak to me as I prepare for a 1.5 hour presentation with national church leaders!
Thank u!
Articulate Storyline looks amazing!
Can't wait to play with it.
Economist John Koskinen: For me, the art of any presentation is, can you reduce it to a postit note?
No no no no no no no
I love my twin Phara !
we need to be , along with and
lets buy one
Ive learned when you got something worth having, keep it close by any means necessaryfamily is everything.
Money is less important.
The bartender just said I'm too old for this song.
me too.
I miss classic Madonna.
But not in a gay way.
can you honour what's asked for?
LOL I'm a liver destroyer ...
Pass the Vodka
When I think of you I feel like a Christmas tree lit up on christmas..when i think of you i feel like 4th of July fire works..
I wish I would of never met you.
ehhh
I hate doing laundoctor :/
do t say that 
Take a look at www.loopabroad.com!
We bring teens to Thailand and Cambodia to volunteer in conservation and service projects.
This week: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Dumbday, Friday  Saturday.
Hope next wk is better, or maybe not, laughter is good for you.
RT : My response to Naomi Shaefer Riley.
What do you think?
: A Black Studies Critic's Willful Ignorance...
RT : Great performance last night at Jamnesty!
Looking forward to seeing you guys at the Spring Party/Cultural Remix.
Just a local history enthusiast.
My name's Bryson.
Always enjoy your feed as well.
So after waiting 45 minutes after telling him I need to go on, he finnaly gets off, and turned off the wifi too...
Seriously!?
Ight bet.
Ima check it out.
Stay encouraged Superintendent Garry McCarthy and Chicago Police Dept...
we got a lot of work to do in Chicago!
but we, collectively, seem to finally be evolving into toolbuilders  very exciting
i got email notifications from eventful i just hope it's true :D
it's Julian's sexy back :
RT : What is Derrick Turnbow doing??
I completely agree with this overreaction.
ALL I SEE IS Name Down My Twitter Line .
Thanks for the RT!
accidentally calling your mum dude...
New bike, helmet and lock for 150?
Thank you Craigslist.
thanks for the FF!
ur right ur not pretty......
You Are GORGEOUS!!
So i think its called gorgeous sleep ahahah
5 days of work straight.
For example, healthier people take fewer sick days.
Wayne Simmonds Sucks in big moments
Hey TwitterWorld and WWEUniverse how is everyone tonight
anyone experience a scratchy throat or voice loss in taking cod liver oil/butter oil blend?
We want to hear details from KC bus commuters inside the kcmetro hearing.
Tweet us!
is amazed by how quickly that rain came in, kicked ass and took names.
WOW.
so ya'll should take a inspiring actor under your wing and help someone out..like this guy
It's been an interesting week in scientific developments.
World's lightest material, fastest aircraft,  fasterthanlight particles.
Wow!
perhaps the 'softer' the power wielded over the listeners, the more insidious the final result?
Amen!!
RT : A lot of great things happening in culinary and hospitality in Indy!
Keep up the great work everyone!
Great questions!
Thanks for weighing in.
Reading coverage about last night's SMCRVA meeting.
Interesting to see what everyone is saying.
I have 3 wives now :
Just call me Andy Sachs.
...
not thinking about shopping, haircuts, food, dentists, traffic, weather, blogs, baseball, sitcoms, reality shows, or politics.
All I've ever wanted is to pick 'is guitar and sang!
Once a belieber always a belieber on TT....
it's exactly like saying once a hoe always a hoe
you get credit for having enough vigilance to purchase said pair of white pants.
Happy birthday to one of my biggest inspirations, of
great!
Just don't hurt anyone in the process of doctorgging
boring elevator music?
lol
Why does youtube have advertisements?
.
OMG Added to OED bit.ly/eTytU7 via FYI was overdue, imho, no?
it's about time I start a hiphop persona so I too can create my own line of liquor.
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House for your Holidays!!
Contact us for your same or next day cake  catering needs!
And Roc is mine!
lol jk He is cute though....
Happy summer superfans.
Long time no talk.
Quick pretty useless update: we've finalized our Fall audition dates.
Stay tuned for them...
/te
I purchased 's new album through iTunes and somehow only half the tracks are authorized.
doctor is not metal.
After all the excitement you brought to the bar I hope it was on the house!
good morning : have a good day alex.
pretty much my experience as well..
i didn't change my handle, working on a new one, pungle is slowly taking over my other one /
Love the quality of all the products here..
My sales person Paulita is the best!
Trying to buy a gift card and it keeps telling me to try again.
Get out of Pittsburgh's terrible heat, take a Limo to your next event.
check out song 19 to 2.
I think you'll like it!
:
thatawkwardmoment when you catch someone creeping on you on the internet...
RT : No.
mlb is a highlight of spring summer n fall : Would you be OK with less Cubs and Sox games a year?
awesome job by you, great to see a some Cali in NY, look forward to more diva material!
Happy New Year's Eve everyone!
We're open until 7pm tonight, be sure to stop in and fuel up for the Jackets game or a night near the Arena!
I love the smell of you on my shirt :
Why don't I know sign language?
: Esmil pitching.
ohdeargodicantwatch.
Esmil Rogers has become the new Franklin Morales
welcome to my street team and thank you for the support on facebook  twitter : I love my fans!
This is going to be amazing!
and !!!
hannah we can get on twitter noww!!!!!
Yay those past four days were HELL lmaoo
Real men keep their feelings bottled up until they explode then they punch something that has nothing to do with what they're mad at lol
The End Days are upon us.
I just loaned someone a book.
Beliebers And Monsters Are Flawless
Mahalo for stepping up!
yo like this semester is over :D
me and horchacha are going to lunch
I 3 you so much...beat...REPRESSED ANGER RAGE QUIT RT Sorry, I can't write you a letter of recommendation, because I'M IN TECH
Ron Artest needa change his name from World Peace to World War, dang that mighta been corny but i'm up n its late, wateva lol
I own a three hole punch so I'm obviously fucking important.
Not sure.
She's on FB but has no interest in twitter.
We will be at The Student Book Store for blue and white weekend!
Innovations: use greyhound buses to bridge courier services, NCIP connections, ebook ideas  DCL and Orbis Cascade.
Any more?
The only thing worse than packing up all this stuff is having to unpack, repack, and unpack in two weeks.
HELLO..
NOTICED :D
Realized that our allcaps blog post headlines are obnoxious.
Promise to bring them down a notch in volume.
Looks like Mizzou Arena trying to create its own phog...what is with the smokelike air on this ESPN picture?
Thats what im doing and keeping faith
Students!
Who wants to help out at SERVE with an upcoming campaign?!
Meeting this Wed at 4....reply for details!
don't remind me...LOL
cause youre that awesome
Yikes!
We need to fix this!
Hey Derek, cool stuff.
Keep up the good work!
C U about  around.
Take care,  Cheers 2 the New Year!
Hope 2 C some Piso stuff 2
Rd2Bonnaroo lineup tonight is sweet but has got our vote even though it's not counted!
Brrrrr!!!!
Try to keep warm!
Sauteed soft shell crab and cedar plank wild salmon on the grill tonight.Yum.
Star Mentors is looking for Sponsors for its upcoming 2010 Seminar tours  www.StarMentors.com  Great opporunity to reach 1000s
nowplaying Relativity, Walt Dickerson.
A cut several years earlier, but also incredible.
Um, ESPN, it's 5 after the top now.
Ready to watch Mizzou!
Seaside or mountain?
Last minute call to all fans of funny...
401 UCB show at 1:30 today.
Check it out!!!
probably who wouldnt want ?
hey i am getting ready for the high school football game cant wait HOPE we win!!: what am i saying we r going to win yeah!!!:
: Just caught singing no big deal so cute haha 3
The answer is MYTH.
There is no significant additional power doctorw when turning on a light bulb...
Follow back?3
What said.
I'm eating Halloween candy already.
Not a good sign.

Madison police dept claims standard practice to ask people to see facebook page during interview.
Is this right?
what was the verdict
Whatever.
This isnt something to argue over on Twitter.
Dnt bother txting me.
No matter what i don't like him..at all.
BuhBye
chillin up trying to get this money
HAHA, CLASSIC!
TOO FUNNY.
if I had time I would : u could help
And, soon...heading outdoors to catch Saturn!
not guilty
Thank you so much for the RT!
Great to meet you!
Looking forward to conversations!
My face kind of looks lick the nyan cat spat on it
Don't get weak during the week find your strength in time spent in Him
If I don't like something then I don't like it.
I'll let it be known, I don't sit back and get walked all over like these other bitches.
I think Diana Sawyer is not really ready to hear the truth about what happens to poor black and spanish people living in Harlem
it's all good bud, just miss you
Danny Nathan, , from asked us to figure out what these innovators had in common: perseverance, passion, a bit crazy.
World War II and everything that happened in between it, interests the fuck out of me.
You should know im invulnerable to stuff like that : makes me wonder.
Hm
I made this tea, but it's some fucking mint flavor abomination tastelikeshit As you can tell, i'm now disappointed ;P
Feeling an epic migraine coming  ARGH  wish I could join tonight, but not feeling so hot all of the sudden.
Now that my clothes are packed for Dallas, what do I wear until then?
Hmm
Wenger lost the match.
Why not go with what had worked before.
Trying Rosicky in Cesc position was begging to lose
ITS BEEN ONE YEAR SINCE YOU FOLLOWED ME :
I did.
: Is Chane Behanan the all time leader in UL history for blown dunks?
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you enjoy my artwork
Understood.
We don't have definite date yet.
Another mtg later this month.
Just checking, what dates work for you?
I appreciate that the pictures are not too childish since I'll only be using it with adults
Which Card design?
Those are all user generated.
you're wrong
Thanks so much!
We are excited!
4402637309 alex's number
counting down the hours 'til tonight's nats game in LA.
harper's debut and strasburg pitching!
love baseball.
RT : My time will come if I just remain positive and patient.
That Wade to Lebron pass was beautiful!
Don't forget to come in tomorrow for some brunch and the Hawks game!
great to hear u on air again w/ best analyst in the bizz best of luck to ya!
defiantely i like the idea of it.
Do your thing and keep me posted, im following
that was funny!
a local quilt shop that I really liked closed its doors :
Woo hoo!
Congratuations!
Where will you be this summer?
WIN!
Tweet the name of any TV show or movie you see ViewSonic products on, and end with VSTV.
Random tweet wins 3D Camcorder RT!
gosh darn it..thought it was friday
I love you
Here we GO!!!
It's do or die!!!
Let's get it
Think outside the outside.
I Totally Forgot To Ask...
Remind Me And I Will Tomorrow :
ekeizer4 comment on Gail Collins' NYTimes oped: the best response I've seen to the Seamus story is a dog bandana that says I ride inside.
Woo!
A Separation coming on shortly!
As always, your RTs are much appreciated!
As mothers day gets closer...it reminds me how much it hurts 2 miss her.
Seein every1 mothers day shopping makes me wish I could be 1 of em
yall heard .
Let's get sumthin poppin my g's.
got the banger wit us as well
say hi to the camera, we're all watching :
Hey Craig!
Since your office is in our building, we want to buy your office lunch!
DM if ur interested!
I already see its gone be an off the wall day but Im still in full gear getting my pinky  the brain on!
Always ready 2 take over the world!
Rango is the Citizen Kane of animated films.
hey, at least u made it to 5th.
I'm barely getting thru 3rd with my boy.
But it's okay cuz we're writers, right?
Richard Lugar helped end apartheid, supported Corazon Aquino in the Philippines,  wanted to contain nukes.
Of course he lost a GOP primary
On a conference call.
Excited about this weekends event!
Heard at ila2011, the command and control leadership style is dead!
Do you agree?
Is that wishful thinking or reality?
Anyone down for Greys Lake today?
Creating memories.
Come on up to Providence.
's working from home tomorrow and could probably be persuaded to tour w you.
Grandad, you've been in my mind ever since you passed.
Every memory seems sadder than the last.
3
IgniteTheWriterWithin!
the party is starting!
Come to to find us!
Seriously?
Rory just out doctorve them both with a three wood?
We'll have free downloads or an album out soon!
Promise
THank you for your civil reply  I do appreciate it.
And I believe we both want the same thing, Freedom.
: Retweet and fill in the blank, I'd carry the JasonWuforTarget blue floral flap handbag to a picnic.
It's wed.nes.day!
Have a good day folks!
:
I have the best boyfriend in the entire world!
very proud, looking forward to los angeles show
If you are closer to 6pm, that is fine  just let me know and we will wait!
I'm sorry about that!
Love isn't complicated...
PEOPLE ARE.
love me or leave me alone.
Thanks everyone for alerting me so fast!
My account was hacked so please ignore any DM's from me.
RT : Just had a great meeting with  looking forward to working together soon!
Word to the BOOZER!
FML shouldn't have to budget for needless intentional destruction of property though, don't you think?
Happy 24th Birthday Spencer!!!
I Know I Didn't Know Youhh Had Twitter.
I Feel Ashamed
When you have an inspired thought, you must trust it and act on it.
depends on what you want.
little does that guy know, you also want a chance at the BCS...I'd rather be STRONG than a Joker
goodnight to you!
You are awesome

Speaking of the ultimate mush...
Thanks for the session last week.
She loves the pictures.
as far as climates go, better a swampy vagina than a desert vagina
I was amused to learn that Alan Lomax's first version of the Global Jukebox was constructed using Hypercard.
I can't wait for montages.
I love Oscar montages.
good comment by Austin has a lot of talent and we need to integrate
Eric Cantor is refusing to be seated at the WHCD unless they offset the cost of dinner by cutting food stamps NerdProm
Studio close everybody get the fuck out!!!!
I'll receive a 2012 Manhattan Community Arts Fund grant from the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council for my Basement Sanctuaries project!!!
: I'm ready to see you its been forever !
cnt wait to see you !
Good morning!
It's a beautiful day on Best wishes for a productive week.
well he came out like a weirdo!
Lol
Lmfao, I love harry potter 3
Happy to see the win.
Keep it up.
Good morning Albuquerque!
We're knocking out a ton of production before our Taco Potluck.
;
I can think of several friends who would love this funny  well written blog, by a partner of a NY PR firm: acontinuouslean.com
Where shall I lick?
me too!
CroatianSwag ;
ohoh.
i think i lost my envelope.
what to do?
dont worry i got you.....i will be DMing you very soon
you...
STRANGE.
haha, just kidding!
3
duh im pickin uk so no
google link tv Bridge to Iran.
Walmart vs.
Amazon: Can brickandmortar stores hang onto shoppers?
dude.
Me neither.
The whole album, actually.
I hate the fact that I overreact to things.
Everything is not how it seems.
And I hate it.
Looking at the A'sRangers game.
How is Oakland a game above .500 now with like 4/5 of the lineup hitting around .180 in the middle of May?
Too old for bullshit and games.
My Boyfran is so Cute :D I say Rove Roo!
and He tells me Wuv Yew!
xD I love it 3 He's Perfect!
3 PLUR3
: .
how many players you expect for main event on Sat?
Thanks As the saying goes, about tree fiddy
Holy cow, catering fantasy baseball would actually be awesome!
I tweet too fast...
I need a twitter editor.
What is going on..
You might not want to invest in Bored to Death.
I heard the show has just been canceled :
you can never go wrong with DQ
Thank you for the FF Enjoy your weeked.
derby is for the .000001 percent
why would you do that?!
Craftybiz type people  what would you like to see in a productivity type post?
Looking for ideas, thank you!
:
haha....actually think I want you???...umm been there, done that
Tate is a Miami Cane
Trappin on the porch with
So many tweets during the day and then they gradually slow down  who is willing to join Celebrity Creators contest
FiggeStudentFellows update: venue changed to Murray Roomlooking fwd to great presentations at 5PM!
Maybe stress from the weekend, I imagine it could have been tough to deal with all of that.
Inflammation from stress?
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
.....
I literally got home 4 hours ago.
Why am I wide awake?
Writing about Woody Guthrie may be the becoming my father moment I thought I'd never have.
thanks!
Hope life is great with you.
i love.
You millionss , pleasee read this andd follow me h i would be the happiest girl alive 3
Estonia is big leader in digital health: medical records, prescriptions, imaging  tests, appointments  all online, linked to digital ID.
RT : Pippen and Kukoc chatting in the hallway.
Scottie: You write the next inspirational letter to the team.
Tonight's Republican debate reminded me of nothing so much as a Real Housewives reunion show.
EVERYONE STOP TALKING AT ONCE OMG.
How was it ?
My babe do the damn thang
I just got home from clothes shopping for my new job and i realize i would rather wear a uniform.
Spent way too much!
Guess everyone is getting ready for the Oscars....I, however, have to get ready for bed....baking call is always early..beep beep at 3am z
won a little ; fun times!
didn't wake up married or with a tiger in the bathroom!
X
Mom you're a fucking bitch
Like baseball?
Want to win an iPad?
Come root on the baseball team on Saturday at noon at WCTC Field.
who said we broke up?
Nice job today and
Aw.
Was there a particular story/image that did it?
To this day when I hear that song I see you standin' there on that lawn, discount shades, store bought tan, flip flops and cutoff jeans
This is awful and also funny!
Haha!
Welcome the new Power Tower At the OV Rec Room, It already loosened the back of one of the class members
What did they do now?
Shed Your Skin.
GoTribe Speaking of that, just one more week 'til Opening Day!!!
Andoctor luck first overall pick  shocker 
just remembered to enter 's ticket giveaway for first time operagoers.
Thanks OC  !
No boats but 2 cute kittens.
They're 4oz Helen Kellers  are fluffier than mice/rats.
Mom got catnip epidural.
Dottie is unsure!
clippers in second rnd of playoffs...
is now on my list of must watch athletes
Last thought for the day: I will be a ninja of sorts.
What time?
And do I have that feature?
Same here!
lol
Always tell someone how you feel, because opportunities are lost in the blink of an eye but regret can last for a lifetime.
At a tasting at the Good Earth Market in Elmhurst, IL and impressing people with the quality of Greek Wines!
MNF Time!!!
Love it!!!
Finally should be a solid game!!!
Overall a great week for NFL.
memory lane....
I live like 20 minutes from Nashville.
I've always wanted to go to LA!
To the waitress at masmalo last night: I asked for a jack and coke, not for you to do a line of coke.
doctornk here
None so far, as I haven't succumbed to the Foursquare obsession yet.
Facebook Tip: Move the app that shows  of Likes down  people can get that under your name.
I shouldn't have told him to go to sleep.
I just want to talk to him now.
I think they both
Stop giving out fucks like they're candy.
Leaving Dallas going back to Memphis going to finish my handmade spiders for the Fall Festival!
Find me on Facebook for more Pics!
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
Well that was a weird retweet!
Hootsuite fail
I had it last year.
Even better than I can remember.
Just a perfect stout.
Ready for Harold Henderson's What to do When Perry Mason isn't on your side supporting ProGen at
Opening Day is tomorrow, what's your trick to get out of work?
When niggas wann fuck, and they girld don't...I feel like its only fair that he go fuck another girl..
hey Delia got work for you
Dope I'll check them out and get back at you asap
Kisses, McDonalds, Bacon, Music, Money, Special Cookies
Shooting a video at dobbs!
I can't help but smirk
I'm right there with you love, I have five Twitter apps on my iPhone and four on my iPad.
Is that a lot?
;p
Ah, I see.
I knew they would come up under the search box at the top with or without them, but I knew nothing about trends.
The kid with green hair in My Life as a Dog deserves his own movie.
I'll never go back to the not having sex ways of the past.
CRJ's firstever graduation this Saturday; award in memory of slain employee Aysha Ring to be announced.
My lil cousin in Nola get on my darn nervous !
30 hrs OT this week, i'm shot can't wait for the weekend GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Finally got my bike in Austin a couple hours ago.
What a difference!!
it's a wonderful day cause it is your birthday
Good luck to everyone connected with me.
i need a producer i cant get the right sound when i produce my music
10K?
Jeez.
Haha no!
I really haven't.
Good for you though, thats amazing.
:O I'm not good at running.
Haha.
Addison police polygraph test today.
It should be a walk in the park.
How did you sleep last night?
Seriously .
.
.
Tell us about your nightly ritual to fall asleep.
Sociology.
Finishing my diss now.
Have a great weekend, and remember we are available 24/7 if you need us.
Have a great weekend!!
Happy Birthday Beautiful
Breaking News...
Lundqvist was just doctorfted by every team in the 1st RD.
This guy is good!
Who has KEEK????
Correia sucks.
Fin
Thx for taking time to follow Hope to hear from you more, especially about products in BOI
Thank you very much.
gives a shout out to our dancers today who did an awesome job at the Harman!
lolzzz  exams all week, still lying in bed wondering whether i should get up and study nah
No, can't!
Working

Daragh, A very belated Thank You for the FF last week.
yep!
another 9 days
Think they know what WTF means?
MT: Marine Corps: Soldiers who posed with Nazi flag thought SS symbol stood for sniper scouts
Yea NASCAR crazy stuff in first race
I once heard a pimp say the only way 2 have the upper hand on a women is to be flyer than her
doesn't miss u, she's into non comics that have chest hair.
Once the system has been turned on, the camera will look for the game players body, lock onto it and assess his positioning in space.
are you going to be on tough enough of season 2
Saw you guys are bringing 70 to Dick's.
Look forward to seeing everyone.
love before and after, fighting for 90!
let me know if you get away from the Stress Monster.
Do you bump tupac or do you bump biggie?

Happy Birthday to You Happy Birthday Feliz Cumpleaños a Ti Happy Birthday Ucutie pie U!
I wish u much happiness 
Remarkable by not being remarked by media: U.S.
spending trillions in Afghanistan fighting an enemy without a paycheck.
It's all about the tone.
I can brainwash your mom.
:p.
I posted a picture of you guys from last Friday on my Facebook page.
Be sure to check it out www.facebook.AmberHayesMusic
Don't Chase the doctoram......
CATCH the doctoram!!!!
No doubt my brotha.
Glad to hear it.
Enjoyin some fun in the sun.
GOD bless  100
Most important job ever.
You have brains in your head.
You have feet in your shoes.
You can steer yourself, any direction if you choose.
doctor Suess
thinks he might jump on the facebook bandwagon much to the delight of his Fiance.
So ...
looks like it's sblaar not
different as in special
If we are alone in the universe, it seems like an awful waste of space.
MT : lrnchat Cindy Huggett, author of Virtual Training Basics, on a mission to help trainers deliver online WELL
Remember to tweet your favorite Inkd Business Card to win a set of your own!!!
Contest ends tonight!!
RT : Yeah black is awesome.
Its best song I ever heard.
:D
what kinda stuff u thinking?
I am MORE than a doctoramer and a believer, I AM A DOER!
Lepracon was too much...Hoboken, you almost redeemed yourself, but unfortunately you're still in New Jersey
7/22/93 My 3rd show, 1st two setter.
2nd set felt completely rushed.
TweezerWalk Away was about the only thing memorable for me.
wouldn't it be crazy if we managed a comeback?
Haha!
RT : And I love music, so everyone should keep making it.
I just tried to use my BART card in the NY subway...ha ha ha
Would love to contribute a odd dc image or 'then and now' type series for your blog!
police boat, scuba team  emergency vehicles at Clark St bridge in Loop
WOW, nice upset at Westerns!!
Rat City Rollergirls beat Denver Roller Dolls 139128!
Amazed my neighbors didn't call the cops.
RT : A3: convincing local officials/funders that MainStreet is necessary for job growth/creation.
The Cleveland Browns have traded up to the 3 spot, and will select RB Trent Richardson from Alabama
That awkward moment when discovers DBs.
Hahaha
Any idea what we should expect to see from Orlando Arcia this year?
I assume AZL?
congrats!
Xo
You got me so jazzed up I can't sleep.
LET'S GO BREWERS!
Putting it in my pants'll get me dates only if it looks like it's in my money clip.
What's in there now falls out.
Heh heh...
Memento Vivere  Remember that you have to live; a reminder of life
Had an awesome weekend in SF and LA!
Made new friends and fans, now time to start preparing for the takeover!
Welcome to good burger, home of the good burger, can i take your order?
Will do  thanks!
Livemylife with no regrets
tweeting lol bored
An unintended effect of today's rain: the smell of wet hippies at the Willy Street Fair.
thank u 4 make me believe there's nthn impossible and we should believe in our doctorams i like u JB
I read that as MST3Ked out instead of METSed out, which probably would have been more fun
So true!
RT : you dont need motivation to act u need to act to stay motivated
I knew he was a crack head
yeah where did you buy it or read it?
Nice timing, I'm in Belton today.
haha yep!
is always getting pictures that he sends her based on some inside jokes they have
what about Emelia?
ZPD out hardcore today.
5th one
Going to ASJA?
My Friday morning panel has top eds from Ladies Home Journal, MORE, and Destination Weddings on beauty and health writing!
Yep!
A solid, responsible Camister.
just date him.
Hello, March.
Come in!
Make yourself comfortable Stay a while.
Jan  Feb were in such a hurry to leave.
Seems all u months r in such a rush
BigXII would have them if they had more sports.
Signing out.
Peace
yay!
It's so light and free.
Perfect for yoga time.
Class tomorrow with me?
haha that's awkward but awesome :D
Just rocked Smith's Olde Bar here in ATL.
Time to head back to
On 4/7/1972, VA General Assembly passed a bill to separate GMU as an independent campus from UVA.
Tonight we look back at 40 great years.
Two injuries on same day, so you need something to blame, but bothers me the compressed NBA season is cited for Rose  Shumpert ACL tears.
i went to try and sell my guitar to get a keyboard today them niggas was only tryna give me 45 that shit goin on craigslist
No!
But, related: I love your mom.
Happy Easter...
Still rehearsing my Easter speech on Easter morning....
Lol some things never change.....
AH!!
just bought my tickets for NYC Concert.
So Stoked!!
Gonna see if he'll do a cover with us.
Pujols out of st.
Louis!!!!
My mind is in over load and can't focus on one problem
Huge new shipment of childoctorn's books at the Menil Bookstore.
Come shop for the holidays early.
We doctornk a lot of tea at Twitter!
Treat parttime and volunteer executives just as you would fulltime, paid senior managers.
Make them a part of your team
Ew.
Throwing up is disgusting....
Why do people record it?
Its not funny or entertaining.
Classes online aren't so bad!!
After eating s Doritos Locos taco, claims,  I came all over myself!
What is the glitch you experienced?
he was so bad for us the first year we had him I have no confidence in him whatsoever xD hahaha
Just saw My Chemical Romance and Blink 182 at the Comcast Center last night.
They were AWESOME!!!!
But it started pouring, which sucked.
Spending the day watching some football and finessing some CSS.
Swerve...
Swerve...
What Company is the best in Houston Texas??
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!!!
ugh I know.
All day I have been thinking I would have seen ed.
And then like right now we would most likely be meeting him
I have no idea how that works.
I just finished Fly Away Home by Jennifer Weiner  wanted to lend it to youvery appropriate!
wheelsfinnaBup doctorssed for his performance wit a nigga tweet a pic an make sure I gets my 
Going to walk around the track gotta get back in shape summertime is right around corner.
aw that's nice :
People who don't know how to turn off their ringtone in the slc should simply
I don't know what to do anymore I finished the Hunger Games.
its just my opinion...
We're all entitled to our own opinions right sam?
The cat is confident that everything belongs to her.
cam newton mania has begun!
Aye down in front!
Pawn stars is on
Killing it right now!!
RT : Thank you Austin, rocking Static in Pittsburgh tonight, time to
3 essays due tomorrow...not doing any of them
Thanks for the nice tweet!
Good energy and great cause!
Thanks for visiting!
You at Centro??
Subtweeting About Me...Me Subtweeting You.
Right when my mom leaves .
This kid always crying :
Just spent 80 already
omg I had a glorious feast there once, when it was like a 4course meal for 15...it had unlimited cheddar biscuits
Well my house smells like a brewery, beer reductions on the stove and spent grain in the oven.
nevertheless one gets sense there's a real person there.
you follow tons of ppl, how does your feed work?
Do you ever see my posts?
How convenient is it though that this message is just what I needed to hear.
YouGettinPunchedIf you think you're better than everyone else.
Interested in Attending or Exhibiting at the Home and Garden MarketDallas or HoustonInfo  Discounts at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com!
my spoon is readyy:
SWAG is deceased  DIP is on deck!
Ask
my wife and I do Insanity!
I think you will really like it!
I should be falling over by now then!
Thanks, Marcus.
Actually Jason had a Twitter account, dating back to before the PGA Championship but it was deleted last week.
Not sure why.
OH: You know what goes really, really fast?!
Millipedes, man, millipedes...
yea you cock,smh
I love when my fav bands cover my other fav bands!!
sugarland cover of
RT someone told me life is beautiful, but I didnt know until today
S/O new Followers:
1.
you still have a link to your myspace on yo twitter page seriously wtf
WTF are you doing out there.
I don't understand the noises coming out of you.
Picked up a client in Oshkosh and doctorve him home to apartment on State St.
There were lots of KING yard signs in neighborhoods up there.
Just like life, in a nano sec, CHANGE!....gotta luv this industry!
lol
Good day, FB, LI, and TW universe!
I'm thankful for the Holiday season and grateful to all of u!
Hugs!
Hey!
Thanks for following me!
Chocolate cake for dinner..
Sure why not.
Right, I think a lot of it is about whether you believe patriarchy operates separately from other forms of oppression.
i dont feel good:
Thanks!
Happy Mamma's Day to you!
Catching up on The Voice.
I must say, I was not a fan of 's audition but dude, shes been kicking TheVoice's ass!!
Does your dog know how how to surf the internet?No  but he's got a ruff idea.
Getting Wicked!
In my ongoing quest to find excellent panels by attending the most esoteric.
I'm in the far corners of acc.
I bet it rocks!
i dont like texting.
if you wanna talk to me you gotta call.
and idkk what you be doing just to call you out the blue.
I need to get on that 
The neighbors dog is so sad..howling like something from a horror movie.
I keep poking my head out onto the balcony trying to console him :
: how are you today!chillin HBU??
March 1933 Monopoly board game is invented
you should can I be one of the two to make it 10,000?;
If you could write a book, it would be about  ?
FYI, it's already the afternoon.
Most definitely!
RT : Hot out there people.
Hope your AC systems are working!
IDK WHAT TO DO MORE I BEEN TRYING 3YEARS 4 U 2 NOTICE ME/FOLLOW ME!!!!
: BELIEVE :
: Wuts da bricc niggas song called on YouTube???
I wana hear itType In PyletboyEnt On You Tube
Bottled water in my car is an ice bottle this morning!
NYC is blustery  hopeful  as I type to you I see the Statue of Liberty.
are you coming to Austin's NY concert ?
:
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein

great OMC Deal of the day today!
I may want to try it out!
u getting one?
know anyone who is?
yoga   who's with her??
Miley Is That Really You On Skype MileyrCyrus
thanks for all the updates :
I am inspired.
To go watch TV and sleep.
FREE doctorNKS TODAY.
be among the first 5 people to say the secret word professorSSOR to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
you know me, I just do what I'm told.
RT : If your company only offers login via Facebook, your company sucks.
Chances are, so does your business model.
Why does not keep Foxtrax up for the entire game?
you back.
stay out of my sisters life and get your own douchebag
ailva devlin Thanks for the follow.
May the shirt be with you!
When someone always talks about their past
Nice.
Would love to see how you tallied that sometime.
Are you ready to change the world?
Today we will be on campus at and Stop by and learn more about !
Okay have to take a break and run some errands
why is the penn state stuff still on the cnn front page?
that horse is dead.
Exactly!
Xanders said they had a strict cash budget, less than their cap space.
18 ate most of that: cashonhand low
that was hysterical!!
Haha :
Things I learned from HBO's GAME CHANGE....Ed did not get John's voice while Julianne NAILED Sarah's and Woody Harrelson?
He always rocks!
Did Beth send out a newsletter lately?
Someone said they mentioned me in it?
These people just sat at my table introduce themselves and gambled for a sandwich in Jack in the Box
Big doctor Who fan!
How about you?
The world we live in..
God vs.
money
Wilco is coming to rock Fillmore Auditorium  Colorado Denver on Thursday, January 19th 2012.
Get concert tickets by calling: 8884930004
I'm hot and cold with it.
He'll probably face H at Summerslam.
We need to continue the sweep!
How Old Would you Be If You Didn't Know How Old You Were?
Wart removal does not have to be painful!
Call us about Florosal  effective  painless wart removal.
Call now 4126816400
2011?
Almost over?
this girl next to me is crying because she saw some gay guys kissing and is offended or something omg i cant breathe
: thank you for giving some relaxation Always for you!!
With the girls :
Suddenly I really want to schedule a camping trip for the summer.
Would be fun.
Computer programs and apps for childoctorn with autism !...
that little quake didn't feel as big as some waves, still, happy it was small
My pleasure!!
I ADORE yacht rock.
My favorites are the Van Halen vs.
Eagles episode and the Warren G episode
Great news!
Thanks for your support of OpFeed RT : OSU Libraries is gearing up to participate in our annual Operation Feed event
ha!
good one Tiff!
With pics before in Eden Park
will do sir ;
lol yes I know..im just messing with you
Incorrect geographies in doctorw Something.
Who says it's been raining cats  dogs in San Diego?
More like giraffes, hippos and rhinos!
Looking forward to return of sunshine soon!
Kay I'm done
Darkness is when I wake up.
Let's get this night started.
Handing a kid a book he's looking for and hearing him say yuuussss!
is
Congrats to Demetris Chalmers..winner of the passes to the advanced screening of 'Men In Black 3'
Such a busy two weeks!
Two shows down...two to go!
Running the first to shows all day today!
Ah!!!
Hilcrest Husbands wil be at the M2 booth this Sunday  lots of fun
RT : I'll never tell.
RT : OK, what did promise to Huntsman?
And in a shocker, Newsies is now an openended run.
My dad MADE my day today!
Um really Grey's!!!
If they killed off Mcdoctoramy :
Brownies in the oven...only moments until I enjoy a hot brownie sunday to celebrate by natal day.
Yum :
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT WAS HAPPENING AND THEN THE MAYO AND THE WEIRD HIP MOVEMENTS AND OH LORD
KNOWSHON OUT AGAIN C'MON SON WE NEED YOU!
Just read Ignore the Human Element of Marketing at Your Own Peril  loved it.
Would love to connect
YOUR WEB ADdoctorSS HAS ,INSTEAD OF.
NOT WORKING YOUR ASSESTS
hahhaha damn there goes my best kept secret
Ohio's percapita income has been on the decline for the past few decades.
Improving educational quality could help.
or ask your local store to order from Last Gasp or Tony Shenton  encourage them to look outside the diamond bubble.
Thanks!
makin it happen,
Have a great rest of May.
Signing out of the online world while and I finish our manuscript.
See you in June!
im going to wear jeans today as iv been wearing trackies all weekend i think im turning into a chav bruup .
np Chip Skylark  My Shiny Teeth And Me
:I never go online to know how to follow people!BUT2morrow I will learn4u!
Happy birthday!
3
tired too!
Long day back at school :P hbu?
:
DYK?
Andoctorw Young, Former Mayor of Atlanta, GA is a member of A Phi A
Being a foodie on Fridays in MKE during Lent is rough for me...
The fish fry is not my thing.
Boom!
2011 tax return submitted!
New computer here I come :D
Well, it looks like the allstar balloting is about over, especially in the National and American Leagues.
57Andoctor GurodeCDallas Cowboys
Sneaky people, hate them
Beyond time
I hear u  love the work they do at Stanford libs.
Wish I was going to ALA but so over Orange co but hope we meet soon.
you are twitterific today!
Did you know that the first radical mastectomy was performed in 1882?
dude, doctormming is the shit.
m/
yess, really sad
Ain't never been the mushy type guess that's one of my flaws..
Along with being non chalant
aw how sweet are you!?!?
Destination: West bubba f.
should've just taken his ball and went home.
Make it rain on dem hoes
Who is a better flex start this week....Beanie Wells or Roy Helu??
Time to gym !
he want his dick sucked make him eat you!
great background.
My vote for mister 50 Shades.
cause to compete in figure like I wanted I would've had to lose more weight and I wasn't feeling it
It's a money thing?
the grant needs to be written?
fuck the NBA union.
If it were up to me, you would get paid only the minutes you play.
Talk about some greedy son's of bitches
What!!!
You are crazy!
I hate bugs in general.
you're lucky you don't talk to me at school.
Ahah
I want someone to love me, for who i am..
3
I don't know about alltime, but Next's Too Close is responsible for 95 of babies made in the 90s.
On the dance floor.
thanks for the love guys!!!!
don't be stranger
Thanks for the RT!
I'm sorry to have missed you, too!
Another time, I'm sure.
are we FB friends?
I recall this terrible oversight from last year.
Never again!
TODAY 610pm is Southpark WalkAbout.
The collective of artists  crafters in Mercado Golondoctorna are setting up in empty lot on Fern St.
We are proud too!
RT : We're proud to support through our partner with
SO if Ur is not an acceptable abbreviation for You're is U'r acceptable?
Awww, I'm her fav follower :
Donna Summer medley is rocking my face off right now.
Happy Dancegiving to all you heading out there today!
Look for he'll be out there with the crew..
My favorite of all time :
We Support Trayvon Martin and YOU should too!!!
Any museums out there using for online ticketing  registrations?
sadly no, we're on tour.
go to our Myspace and check our dates!
Allergy avoidance tip: Take a warm shower as soon as you get in to remove pollen from your hair and skin.
Thanks to , I'm now watching Pulp Fiction.
Sounds like fun!
RT Who's going tonight?ME!
RT been preparing for the party since 6amcan't wait to celebrate!
stimulating the economy
First time I've seen a ball called while at a game.
Bard not happy.
for pizza?
and waterproof laptops
New album: String Em Up feat.
Mozart  Beethoven.
follow me please?:
I find myself hardly using and anymore.
I mostly use Google and Apple products
I could use some Charlie Sheen face melting energy today.
Minus the crazy rants and you know, that whole hookers and blow thing
Google launches flight search google.com/flights
happy birthday doll.fans love ya!have a good one!!:
So does that mean the other 99 is consumed at the Fed Hill Irish Stroll?
Thanks LBH.
Love you SO much and happy you were and have been there the whole way
School sucks ass /:
I just got my 5.1 DVD audio version of the Flaming Lips' Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots in the mail.
What do you mean, it's not 2004?
the Boston college product baby
My dog is so annoying when it comes to bed time..
If you shootin for the stars then just shoot me....
So excited to turn in my textbook better known as the 60 page PR proposal!
I was trying to find the right word but that about sums it up from what I got from the description.
It is more outwardlooking, meaning that the US and Europe will work together to tackle global challenges.
my room I got to head to a tutor at like 330 or else I'd be over
what are you doing tonight?
Getting into balance.
I think that Jews and Arabs could live together.
It is not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy FF to you!
There was such wealth to be got from slave labor, it was no wonder these people were fighting to the death.
The March, EL Doctorow
DJ/Pianist/Producer/Composer for hire..
Contact me  678.577.7062 for booking information.
Any Jetpack Joyride players?
Go download the awesome Gadgets update!
fantastic3 I sent your birthday stuff out today!!!:
You know it!!
DCArtists represent :
Your a mess, calm down dude!
Dinner at Dinosaur BBQ with , LaurenO, DoreenO, and
Oh I should not have been listening to your 'Guts' podcast while eating breakfast.
Hey how are you?
:P
Morning everyone...276 currently talking about the band...if you are, you rock.
Keep spreading the word!
:
Working at the office.

not needing coffee RT : Love waking up with crazy energy at 4am..After only 4 hours of sleep.
THANK YOU PALEO DIET!!
Nanjing yard to raise the Titanic for tycoon  China Daily
so u want me to love you???
thats just sick
You never told me what you were doingyou just wailed at what Obama was not doing
I'm up now!
That ONE day when your pointe shoes don't hurt.
hope it gets better!
It's still early in the day :
The latest poll shows race for Portland Mayor is still in flux.
18percent are undecided.
my kids like the French toast and the eggs.
Bottomless mimosas help the rest of us ;
oh hello Erin hows your weekend going?
Hey guys, please follow my friend !
Jus finished blow doctoring my hair...time to flat iron  get doctorssed....beautiful day today 
Make the decision, make it whit confidence, and the World will be yours!!!
Fat chicks swear they have a free pass to cap on people.
Expect to wait up to 30 minutes for a Blue or Orange line train this weekend, which stupidly enough are basically running backtoback
Paul, you are very welcome.
Thanks for all the great posts!
as in Orlando Bloom?
Lucky Friday to you!
RT : FF Karma this Friday the 13th
no topshop isnt that expensive :x
my mudhoney shirt came in the mail today and it's too small :
Need to call and confirm Wiki's flight soon and then return to packing/cleanup fest.
Make way for all the lames that are going to disagree.
I'm an east coast girl...I'm not used to this!
This game is like playing FIFA12 on a 13inch TV.
RT : I miss MySpace.
Haven't been on that in years, defiantly was a big thing in my life back in the day
what's your advice for remedying late online attendance when it's not necessarily required?
Saw John Santostop musicians.8 kids age 27 sit up front.
Grandkids HOOT 4 grandpa.Moms dance.Yawos.Culture lived not watched AHA LIndo
First tweet I a bit and it's a shout out the golden state bball
BacchusandBeery, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I'd take a full hour of Paul Heyman reading prepared statements, though.
still in india; leave tonight
I lost something very important to me and its sad that i just realize to tonite.
And another one..
Be safe not sorry
Yes!
Online business may seem easy, but it actually entails a lot of trust from both the buyer and the seller
RT : More vendors for the Booze Bazaar, 12/3/11 Chop Butchery, Portland Pepper Sauce and...
brb google translating.
EYEROLL.
Giants lead 90 at the end of the first quarter.
But the Patriots have settled in and doctorving down the field with ease.
Stories from the object catalog: It is possible that V sold his loom and patterns to K when he stopped weaving and became a dentist.
Fresh mozzarella is usually shaped into balls  stored in brine.

If I Could Turn Back Time, I would have never listened to any of that crappy music.
We've still got a ways to go, but it's getting closer!
The hair thing ...
regardless of length ...
is WAY overrated.
Def lose the glasses tho.
of course, but Alex you dont do anything i dont like everything you do i love3 follow?:
In the background...The Richest Girl in the World
Under COasset these students would pay a standard rate of tuition, which is higher than instate tuition
Happy Valentine's Day!
3
Glad I'm not a turkey lol
I don't care what no one says...
U got served is a good movie...
i do aha
Let's go FLAMES!
Watching twitter feed from work in LA....
I got my priorities straight.
Hello right back!
MT Hi , Greetings from Indonesia, YES Alumni 2011 :
Hope everyone's okay.
Turning to our San Diego office for earthquake advice.
Nobody said it was easy
Shopping 101.
Keep your eye on your cart or you will get cartjacked.
I'm a victim.
Everyone Believes in Something.
The problem is....
I don't know what I believe in :/
ooh Emily on the bachelorette tonight ...
interesting
Used to hate summer squash.
Now I love it and crave it.
This is what having a dead mother will do to you.
That awkward moment when you realize you've been mispronouncing a word your entire life...
I'm doing great, Chad.
Hope you are.
damn right it is.
RT Oh, snap.
This is gonna be fun:
hey I live in TN, too
I really like shopify as an ecommerce solution plz report back on difficulty of implementing designs
Thanks Bart for the mention!
We are loving your work.
Waiting outside the room for the ERPA hearing to start with
I would love to host a houseparty benefitfan.
My fingers are crossed.
So how much of an investment to get naming rights to an brew?
doom, doom doom.
ITS HARD TO LOOK RIGHT, AT YOU BABY.
BUT HERES MY NUMBER.
SO CALL ME MAYBE
Listening to work that body by MJ MichaelJackson 
Brad Richards UNBELIEVABLE
Just watched the descendants.
Now I want to move to hawaii and raise daughters as a single father
is this due to lenders speeding up the process rather than foreclosing?
What do you think?
Head hurt
You're welcome!
RECYCLE!
We have more in our 60 gallon recycling bin each week then we do in our garbage
despite having 25 of TED speakers as women, it takes double the time to find them.
Keep at it !
Little Richard's alive.
I thought he was dead.
Now I feel bad.
Phone about to die, left my charger at the salon today
oh fun!
I'm at the shore today too  nothing literary but this must be cleanuptheshorehouse weekend.
Good time for a fest!
haloreach what do you think of Chris Hemsworth's thor.
wicked good jump by travis pastrana
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
everyone please follow my dear lil sister  she is very sweet, nice, cool, and fun to chat with
the four year old guessed Bin Laden.
which was the right answer to her little brother's guess my person...
to me yes it was...seriously disgusting at first i didnt even know what to do i was just watching it run towards me..i'll wash it.:
You think bringing him up everyday to me just waiting for me to say something is gunna work
thats really sad when shit like that happens
inbox me my g
good luck!
Have fun
Why was the girl next to me in yoga class grunting the whole time?
How annoying can you get?
be a great listener; It requires paying attention
at 1 am on a Thursday night and no connections?
I wish myself luck with that.
not today....
let me know!!!!!!!!
Puhhleeeze!
Feels like everything just paused.
Once again, I got cut from SNL at the elevator.
This time I was third from the door!
At this rate, I'll make it in soon enough!!
Awesome Staycool Fanzine 1 Review in Fanzine!!!
DOPE!!!!
we do follow you!!!
The Senate Health Committee passed the FamilyCare bill by a vote of 50 this afternoon, it's now on the Senate Cal.
for Tuesday, Feb.
14.
was thinking the same thing.
Yup.
RT : I think people worry too much about social networks, and not enough about the content they put on social networks.
We're about to get started at the Religion in the 2012 Election symposium at Rice U's Baker Institute
Because going into a deeper feeling of slum of what I'm feeling is making me feel better.
Hi my name is Ian, and I'm depressed and stressed.
Being a female is a matter of birth.
Being a woman is a matter of age.
But being a lady...
Now that's just a matter of pure choice.
If this meditationsilence...stuff doesn't lead us to...a concern for others, it is narcissism, not wisdom.
RKC Forman
Are you going to show your talents on tour??;
I wish I could watch bmorefail on my Ubuntu laptop, but it keeps saying nice mobile device and kicking me off.
And...
Hamilton is back
We are accepting nominations for our 40 under 40 issue.
Email for the application.
Deadline: May 25th!
Why dose it have to be about black  white.
We need to just get along, we r all the same.
NF xoxo gm..
mash that button for me bae
Where Im from the Dopeboys is the Rockstars.....
I mean they r both fake as hell, attention whores, and fashion freaks.
Its a match made in material hell.
Lol
it very much is a country song mary!
not that little cage a fat ass elephant or joes big ass truck rental storage
Good morning
train heartnet from black cat.
I like his hair.
It can sometimes be challenging for kids who live in a condos, and designing an indoor playhouse castle is a way to keep them stimulated
Not all the way through, but I loved what I read!
Do you assign students to use twitter?
follow 's talk at
better read the reviews first ; I was banned picking movies for my house's movie night.
Ha
Holler at me when Mayweather fights Pacquiao...until then I'm about to look at this SUPERMOON with wifey
and while China's communism may not force folks to work in particular factories, it does prevent organizing for better conditions.
My goal : to get to follow me !
It's cute when people who blame everything on either Satan or the left toss around the phrase take responsibility.
So true
at least she says no.
my mom just pretends not to have heard me
Then they doctorp this gem.
That leaves them a third down they need to convert stay on the field.
Oh...
RIP Junior Seau.
The risk of football is really starting to outweigh the rewards/joy of watching...
There are three types of people: those who see; those who see when shown; and those who don't see.
Leonardo da Vinci
I thought there was no I in team?
I like to recover from my meals with another meal.
Jonathan Stark Prepping for Project Managers meeting.
Don't lie to me..
cause that's when islowly start having trust issues.
I will repost it, I found out someone reported it and that's why we can't find it :
I figured thats what it was...
Thanks again
I just listened to Molly.
I would so date a gal in a pair of Doc Marten's Mary Janes right about now.
uf;dw did they get the name of the place right at least?
I wasn't ready for my first day yet..
In a world that's down and out...
When you knock, we hide, but when you honk, we come running out
Your move!
RT : ok.
Im down
Well deserved!
RT : And Adele gets a huge standing ovation following her amazing Rolling in the Deep!
that sound prettywhere u go 2 get iti wanna get the one on my wrist finished
Thank you so much for your support!
50 lbs in 5 months?
That's amazing!
Congrats.
.
just signed Voter ID bill, and Senate Education Committee voted to make cream puff the official state dessert.
december.17.cant.wait.
is better than me when it comes to not letting people phase her.
Her kill em with kindness attitude is the best!
yep!
So happy I could get torchy's in houston
I just killed the stink bug in my bathroom with a nail file, Windex and mouthwash
SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet..
Will that SOMEDAY be now?
3 10
I love a good pun too, especially Star Warsrelated.
It's REALLY good!
But whatever you do, make sure to save room for homemade bread pudding or Berger cookie pie!
Yeah, whoa!
I just hope it gets made at all, really.
Affleck is a solid filmmaker, too.
What are with all these random creepers followin you on
Like I Said Talent Iz Talent Dont Watch Something That U Know Iz Not Goin To Happen I Got This Turner Field Atlanta Fucking Braves
One helluva game going on between Caps and Bruins.
Man, I love game sevens in the NHL.
Too bad my Wings still aren't alive.
Out with the love's ;
Go spurs Go!!!!!!
We start giving away game a tickets for round two tomorrow on start listening !!
Lessssggggoo San anto!
Come do a standup in my office over here in Boston.
Come as Bobby Bottle Service, that's the only request.
Am I the the only person in the world who finds the Febreze air effects ad completely racist and offensive?
If the SAA EACCPF workshop comes near you, take it.
I went from not seeing the purpose to being a convert.
5 days down, 2 to go!!
guy kicked my desk once...
saw IB on shake it up u have no idea how happy i am to c u guyz back on TV i love u guys!
even zombies are allowed to come!
No: HELL YES: love ya boo boo:
You  are seriously tops!
TY!
RT : Slave to the FF: and
cool haha but why you be working out your skinny?
Thank you for your leadership in organizing the successful Wave conference  2012 Walter Caloca Open US/MX Surf Competition
sending u a big one :
I don't think he gone come see me lol
Taking my lunch, again.
did MC Ride really die??
There is so much interest in tonight's event wawomenwant.
If you are coming, the Wing Luke Museum is walkable from Intl' Dist.
bus tunnel.
What's Your Personal Opinion About Me.
You Can Be COMLETLY Honest :
So whoyougot in tomorrows games??
Gurls always ask me why i dont eat pussy.
Well , the answers simple.
You are wat you eat.
:P
Had a great brunch at with to discuss
Always give your client never less, but always more than they expect.
atleast i know ill always have to be there for me!
Hahaha I remember that episode!
Check out our new doctorid Application, go to Market place and search Alternatives Insurance let me know what you think?
Broncos signed Texas AM CB Coryell Judie.
Good size an speed.
Love his physicality.
Strong in man coverage.
Finally someone I wanted!
And that's the way it is
OMFG I hate that .
Folks how do I get a posting block removed?
No help on the site from operators/mods
Number of short stories written: 4 Number of short stories I like: 0
Ray Weadock: Cardiologists my age just don't trust computers.
huge barrier to adoption of new tech.
good to hear :
Im thinking Motley Crue for Super Bowl XXVI
Love Friends So Funny!
Now lets see who MAKES time...
A healthy 32foot tall ash tree produces about 260 pounds of oxygen annually.
Seriously contemplating another master's degree.
Voodoo Doughnut in Portland can hook you up.
NBC has 3 new shows i'm excited for next year.
SO SO SO EXCITED.
NewNormal GoOn DownwardlyMobile Life is just awesome, you know?
Well we are our own worst critics!
Here is where my problem lies  Forums  Diablo I: It is that deep down, I really just want a Diablo II with better...
They would indeed.
RT : we'd find a way to fit Anthony Davis in :
The modern librarian: literature lover, computer instructor, furniture mover.
Today was a big deal for me I stopped smoking for seven hours dam that's an accomplishment for me
DONT WORRY THE VIRUS IS GONE
Act like a lady, think like a man 
just preached us into an another dimension!
beautiful!
And I am loving the wavy locks you have, doll!
YAY it works !
...
In the bathroom tho , Oh well
Docs for this bank says they support Bisynchronous, SNA, Asynchronous, and TCP/IP.
I hope the team at tdwg will have a good time in the Big Easy.
Say hello to everyone for me.
Its beautiful outside :
Tired after getting up so early to watch royal wedding!
I can do that : I don't have work Sunday or Tuesday.
Maybe a movie date?
I want to know who their wedding was.
Lol.
Can any of my friends help me out with making copies....
My HP printer can't handle what I need to do...
If I had to grade this much year round I would weigh 600 pounds.
May 18th I'm playing in Fresno!
Will you be around?
yeah i like their stuff its so heavy it's like the bands i listen to but in a punk version haha
to be honest I scare my self instead of riding the hill out, and its completely my fault I fall..
Merp.
: oh well I get better':
I think it was the Apple product that uploaded it causing all the problems
i'm at LAX too!
One on One/Hall  Oates
Yeah same here.
Watching It'sabradbradworld and can't stop laughing!
He is hilarious!
:
Music on blast  chilling with friends getting ready to go out though :
thankateacher 30th CA Day of Teachers: teacher quality depends on citizenry that values education  provides resources needed 2 support it.
all Rodgers can get out of a preseason game is a concussion
wow, is it friday already?!
thank you!
and !
stupid devils lol
Agreed!
can dish it out, but he can also take it.
Glad we have him to kick around, and vice versa :
sounds like my ideal evening!
thanks for the follow
I saw that!
Not sure logistics of getting it in and out but I think I could figure it out!
:
A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships...
be careful what you ask for.
luckily, you don't work at walmart, so the chances are slimmer.
slimmer.
What up boy
Aww....
is on the radio here in GA.
Good memories :
PLONK!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Its almost birthday!:
Okay TX, you ready for my last start in a Rangers uniform?
At home, no less.
Don't say I never did nothing for you.
I'm bringing it tonight.
May1Pdx student march now at CityHall  reports of as many as 300 in group.
BikeSwarm now in the mix too
Bauserman yet again is killing this team
if you don't answer at least one of 's questions i'm writing a complain letter to someone idk something but she loves u
wayne's garbage.
I'm all up on that maserati mo swag.
there's a lot of old pictures of him :3
do it!
that recipe was so easy.
Thank you guys for putting that epic cookbook together!
RT : New for next season: soccer season tix.
Look for them  hoops season tix on sale this
Bailey Has A Girlfriend !!
Well I'm Happy For Her, She Is A VERY Lucky Gurll!
lol yea cool guy cool guy
So can we be that sexy english teacher you always wished you had?
at least it's payday:D
Lady in row behind me has her ugly bare feet up on the chair next to me...
I'm a huge fan of and Many many more
I am in complete shock.
You gotta wonder who are these guys?
let me know if you need a mix for that record man man...
Shawty sent a twitpic said come and get this lol:
: We were so close.
thank u soo much for getting it 333
oomf just played me
Vons has a sale on magnums !
Like seriously, let me screw up on my own.
I'm going to have to find out on my own sometime.
Don't sit here and sugar coat it for me.
Not hating.
Burning Man projects are products, turned to 11.
Could easily have a day of talks on just this.
Why the fuck is Ashton Kutcher news following me?
I don't think I've ever once tweeted about him...besides this tweet
Our skin needs to breathe freely as it is a breathing, living organ that regularly moves thousands of skin cells each day.
Hey SmallFryArmy!
Who's ready for the SuperBowl tonight?
BigBlueAllin !
I'm Ready!!
xoxox
RT : We just hit 47M users!
what are we doing in Judaics?
that's what's up, keep doing your thing!!
Positive energy keep it up.....
Please ignore the screaming girl left off at school.
It's just another one of those mornings when being home with mom sounds wonderful.
beaver beer!
is he trying to sell you stuff?
We should get the trending, so that could help them win!
ahah GO BULLS.
Love it!!
Our Neckerman summer volleyball team is called the Neckerman Bunch!
How did you make this pic??
I am often moved to waffle!
Cardamom waffles are my favorite.
homeforthesummer happy and bummed
At lake worth sub station
Cant Resist The Urge, Bouta Attempt To Get Wasted Tonight
In Music Meeting Sleigh Bells Tell Em This is growing on me, Im liking all the noise a little more
Hey friends.
What's your favorite Christmas tradition?
Funny how when you watch a tv without HD you can totally c the difference!!
wow!
It's huge!
lol!
The lusty, bitchy cleveland indians owner from 'Major League' is my role model.
Just wanted to pass on a big FU to the local government of Oakland, CA in regards to their actions last night.
No excuse for that response!
Can someone recommend a good fiction editor?
My 26 year old brother is 5'11 and weighs 155 pounds.
How.
CNN reporting mass suicides on Broad street in Philadelphia.
sorry Cook fans I don't think that will be a hit
Im pretty sure every girl has had teardoctorps on my guitar as their theme song
To quote We have a socialist in the basement.
I Love The Fact That We Onda Same Page ; Cuhs I Don't Give Uh Fuck Either !
;
.'s CHAINED is on shelves today.
For what it's worth, this spring title comes with mister Hankins's highest recommendations!
whatch out for the killers lol
I'm a hungry childoctorn.
My boyfriend legitimately just beat me.
lame nigga b
On the last episode of
500 million dollars can't even change the fact that your personality has been and always will be pure shit.
awww its cause you're amazing!
igotyoursandwich ;
Hey guys!
72 people already following me!
help me get to a 100!
i love you guys!
its time i give them shoutouts!
Great beach day!
Thanks for the RT :
follow us back please?
Gallery 114 will be closed tomorrow, Sunday, April 8.
Good morning!
My only chance of saying that before it was your afternoon .
haha omg right!!!
The Liquor Authority recently sponsored a bill that would give new restaurant and bar owners a temporary permit right away.
Great exploring rotterdam.
Hotel new york for lunch, water taxi, cube houses and best was spending time with a great friend.
To the girl at school trying to be a hipster you look like the thrift store exploded.
Hook'em Texas Longhorns
i honestly need to stop procrastinating.
if your enemy is selfdestructing, the best thing to do is let him.
By opening his mouth, Carney just made Paul's stunt legit.
Great seeing you and Rick at the Tribeca screening this wknd.
It made my night!
Dave Miller open jam with Rick Holmes, Andoctorw Wilson  Friends at Spirits Thursday January 26th 8PM
you are part of Wvum!
We love you!
Mahalo and thanks for the mention  glad you enjoyed the event....and the food!
love the new video!!!
And here I was thinking you just were mad at me.
Thomas the tank engine?
How cute!
:
Nice to meet you EvaSoul.
I just followed!
Thx Peter!
muah Hugs WomenOnWax!
Red sox play Cleveland tonight at Fenway park.
Home field advantage Let's hope they sweep Cleveland
If you ask me how im doing, I would say Im doing just fine.
I would lie and say that you're not on my mind
that's an amazing story Theo Tom!
That car was a beauty!
We're bringing something neu to Memphis!
Patio launch on 4/19: sig.
cocktail, cigars, Rat Pack theme!
RSVP 

S/O to all my new follower especially   
Late to college again because no car would stop to let me cross the friggin road .
You bet we will
Damn i can't fuk w/ and the rest of the BANDiiTFAM gotta hit da studio...
I got you next time me and the crew
Emphasis on selling MonsterEnergy into bar/taverns!
Dont know what the move is for today
Well said.
RT : If I order something from u online don't punish me w catalogs to my home.
I clearly know how to reach you.
Yes, if the format is professorssionally done it will allow you to stand out to companies.
Have to be careful on how it is done!
I feel like I'm in The Matrix Classic Ditty
it does, doesn't it?
: Orange juice tastes funny without vodka.
will be screening at the 2011 Hell's Kitchen Film Festival.
Want and to know and I watch them every morning, and our coworkers now refer to us as Hoda  Kath!
I hate my little chair my bag doesn't fit .
Per , the name of my autobiography will be Scared but Intrigued.
We'll bring back Let's Get into the News!
tonight as a tribute to our favorite listener and Hot Babe.
Event tip of the day: when you're starting the planning process for your wedding, set up a firm budget.
You or a planner can make it work!
I like the term hypercoordination to describe that.
I will be curious to hear your thoughts on using it and what you think needs improvement or is amazing
Q: What is a spring fashion item you plan to splurge on?
Dale Jr.
on Talladega: I feel my confidence goes up when I come up here.
I don't wanna wait for my food to cold, it tastes better when it's hot.
I wanna eat my food now!
Hundoctords of independent features are produced each year.
Join the WFA celebrate the sharpest most original ones.
Just 27 days to go.
on the hair since its a short doctorss i would go with a updo or straighten it.
Nice preso on computational thinking by Peter Lee and co.
Golan Levin was particularly good with his Art and Code talk.
facsum 
speaking of friends, oh i am SO HAPPY for  !!!
what a heavenly doctoram team!!!
nigga I said where yo black ass at
I dunno o3o HOW ABOUT MY FAVORITE SINGER CHRISTINA GRIMMIE?
Can't get to bed.have to play in less than 7 hours.eh,we'll see how this goes.
i should get out of the opera house around 10:30.
keep me posted on your whereabouts.
what a great surprise!
Can y'all stop sending me stupid links and crap!
They're annoying.
Thank you:
LOL : thank you haha sorry I didn't reply earlier it's a long story but I'm willing to tell ?:
RT What a brilliant ad/billboard/photo  check it out!
We're back from our Clinic's  Conventions this past weekend.
Everything was stupendous!...our Jazz staff especially enjoyed the JEN Conf.
Going hiking.
nope just lie to it so its there in case u wanna read it again later...
On writing that captainres imagination: Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.
I'll keep that in mind.
Its totally cool if you want to text and ride the escalator, no really it is .
.
just STAND TO THE RIGHT!!
Thank you : 
: Vince Vaughn is Favorite Action masturbation?
RIP Amy Winehouse
did I read that you got into Howard?
Inspired by real life events in 1997, the release of the short film coincides with the ActorDirectors encounter with serial killer An
I do love all you ladies smooches thanks for visiting!
where are you moving too?
I live in the center of Los Angeles, and I still can't make it to the Hunger Games anytime soon...
its the time of the semester where i literally dont have time to sleep.eat.or shower..
HELLO THERE!!!
how are you?
Saturdays at SELECT LOUNGE For more info text or call 4439399135 for tables  doctorNK SPECIALS
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 61
My freezervodka is missing.
its right by the gray thingy hahaha, omfg i hope they go and sing on that stage for a few songs,
Anisimov gets an EN.
because he is obviously a lazy Russian and cannot score a regular goal.
Holy windy city, Batma Phone is blown out of hands before tweet can be completed
Do you matter?
New gigs coming up Aug 21st and Sept 4th.
Check out our website for more info  www.5starjazzband.com
The Links Are Up Just Register And WAtch All The Hockey Games At www.watchnhllive.com Enjoy And Dont Forget You Have To Register To Watch!!!
Wet weather ahead!
Stop by for fenders and rain gear!
Use your card for 10 off apparel!
that's impressive but hitting a baseball is one of tuffest things to do..hitting 4 HRs is sick
incredible!
we provide assistance to the mentally disabled and i appreciate this very much
Of courssseee 3 RT : you know you're styling me for my 25th right?
welcome to twitter!
NEVER will i ever fake !
i live this shit out day by day !
ask about me !
If big foot is real and these scientists claim it is why hasn't there been any solid evidence.
Just a way to make money
Thanks for RT Paige!
awesome day!
Somehow, I think I missed the end of the chat!
Sorry!
NITE!
Love the new song!
:
it's nothing compared to the other empty feeling I have..
I got a spot that's good.
I don't record much anymore.
I focus on mixing to be the best.
In with the new, out with old.
Check out my new site: www.calixtrostudios.com
Good morning young world.
Noo school for me today!..
Because I'm sick ugh.:
Loud chant of let's go racers going on in Yum!
center.
Safe to say this is a pro racer crowd.
You could never be on my bad side.
You would always get a pass  even on those double spaces after periods.
Safe travels  thanks for mention!
MT :  pdx.
Enjoying best possible way to end my trip to Portland
Thank you so much
no sir i do not have any 'spare change' for you even though i am holding this whole foods salad i spent 175 on
I like the fact that is cratering in his time slot.
He is such an egoistic smug leftwing ass.
To the basement, people!
To the basement!
Many surprises await you!
In the basement, people!
In basement!
Don't forget that Monday is State employee special day!!
Taco salad, burger and fries, or chicken sandwich and fries for 6.99!!
I was.
I still work there couldn't pass up this home on 6 acres
No excuses no apologies
I WAS TAGGED FIRST, WHICH MEANS HE LOVES ME THE MOST.
please follow me!
I love you handsome :
What clubs/groups have you gotten involved in?
Share with your fellow DK'ers by replying and using hashtag
Tonight'd be better for me.
Just looking at the list to see what looks good....
Hope no one had 2 work as hard/cover as much ground as i did 2day; 2morrow could b or ; i pace myself, take regular breaks, replan; study
Nintendo Super Mario Luigi High Five Baby Doll Tee
yyyeaah, i think that's the kinda of thing i'd wear it with.
This is the most productive day for me for a while!
19and the two went on until they reached Bethlehem.
When they arrived in Bethlehem, the whole city buzzed with excitement over Torah 21/99
Someone fact check please whether is actually the strong man in the mayor's race.
I've seen do pushups.
I'm definitely going to Just signed up now.
Excited!
Hope to see you there!
:
It's not even fair how hot you are.
RT : You don't have to do it first, you just have to do it right.
what are you up to?
Merry Christmas and a very prosperous New Year to all!
Wonderful!
In what ways does it remind you Reverb?
Praise God for the Was and thank you.
It's a privilege to share music and hopefully make people happy with it.
eeeks, we might disagree on who is number 1 and 2.
But I still love ya.
Checking out for the first time!
Merry Xmas!
Thank You!
It really is the best!
If you have the means to get banana pudding from magnolia bakery, you must do it ridiculous And i don't even like sweets!
haha!
I'm pretty bad about it.
I just start thinking about something  zone out.
That other .56 is a doozy, though.
Watch out.
About ready to see what CP3 does today.
I wish my boys could sit courtside  one of his games and see how gritty he plays.
Standing against what God has declared unrighteous is not being bigoted
I cant wait to watch movies and eat food all night with
I'm obsessed with everything he makes
KGB rode me into the ground!
that guy gots some steady state power.
See you tomorrow at 8 bells
No words can explain how.excited I am To find out who A is.
Love shopping at Nordstroms!
it comes on after Grey's
I want to buy all the clothes from HM
My pleasure!
You guys and gals are terrific!
Best in the business...
true talk
Should I go shoe shopping???
RT : i wanna go lesbian SEX!
!!
I hope you said that quietly, my friend!
Oh my bad.
lol
you rock my world!
Finally.
I'm exhausted.
hahah you was getting it in with that finger shot.....
immvt is there a fail cloud hanging over my head?
okay my fault
Today is our 5 year Anniversary!
Happy Anniversary Tico's eatery  juice bar!
Sadly watching my friend smoke a cigarette :/
That guy does the same thing on elevators.
It's even worse if he's wearing a bluetooth.
Who does he think he's impressing?
Usher Climax
seriously my favorite song right now.
I cant believe this...
smh
Wishing everyone a Happy and Healthy Holiday season!!
Traveling for the week or so; see you next year...
I need that lol
i followed
tshirt spotting at the cards game
Nokia 3210 ftw  Show of hands:Who had an indestructible, old school Nokia phone back in the day?
Pretty sure mine is still alivewell
Not found: a single doctortted playbill for Wilkie Collins plays in our magnificent playbills collection.
Can't win 'em all...
Decreased interest rates may pose new opportunities for you!
Reduce your mortgage balance by 1315 years!
Contact Erik today!
Yay!
You got this, let me know how it goes : And yes hopefully!
I have two interviews this week...
lol ok but lebron is not the only person the team
i often feel that way about crewcuts.
so cute.
Wow.
Best night in a while.
Thankful.
Z.H.....
If you didn't have the space jam sound track when you were little.
you suck
31st Annual Jazz Spectacular : Jazz Octet I, II, I, and IV
Harry Potter isnt nominated for an oscar.Well now we see what the world's comin to
Wow, Randy just said something that made sense.
And might have been a little bit smart too.
Hey ABQ Come make seed pots for Mother's Day 13pm today at Alamosa Books, NW corner Paseo and Ventura!
Not at all!
Come join us!
It'll be Big Time November.:
you and wendy's smh lol
Like that randle???
It's gorgeous out!!!
Walk this way!!xx,B
Next Careers: Job vacancy  Systems Engineer  Stadium 2, Elmsall ...
did you like the new cans or not?
See, we plan ahead.
That way we don't do anything right now.
YES STAY INSPIRED!!!
I got some man, shoot me your number
Love Naomi C's new vacay house!
Going to Charro tonight, for some great Mexican Food/ Margs in down town Milwaukee.
I've heard its delicious.
Is it just me or does lenaheadey look like a cross between natalieportman and keiraknightley?
By adding direct FOLLOW links to details tab we are helping more than from object page.
missing my fam in SD!
UTD AH Graduate Student Assoc.
Spring social at Panera bread in one hour!
Let another valet guy give me attitude!
why wear a rose doctorss too!
It's a popular item!
I believe we get Dublin deliveries on Wednesday  I asked the store manager to order extra this week
it's pretty amazing so far!
sorry I missed out on the B/T wine tasting event, heard it was great!
Would love to meet you in the next few weeks before SXSW!
Thank you everyone for the likes..
Now tell everyone else about us too..
We could sure use them likes !!!!!!!
I WANT to get you one, but I also want to hit the 346 million MegaMillions jackpot.
When I do, an iPhone is yours!
VOTE FOR KELLY!
www.controltv.com THE VIEWERS GET TO CONTROL KELLY FOR 6 WEEKS!
HE IS A HOMIE!!!
HELP HIM WIN!!!!
YOU CAN VOTE ALL DAY!
There's cupcakes, cake and more cupcakes on the studio's food table.
This must be FOX's way of getting back at me for watching CNN at work.
Average person checks phone 150x per day

nice clip  royalties now
shootin in a human waste site, n some valve keeps farting on my gear
I'm going to be busting out my archery skills this morning!
I don't think I've done this high school gym class.
Let's see how I do!
my mom told me that i should start trying out for reality t.v shows....thanks mom :
Fun night out with the bros
bahahaha.
Oh man.
That's a great joke.
I hate my stupid phone
you need to see it!
It's actually adorable.
I can't believe the farmer's market is completely circumventing Apple's App Store.
Is that legal?
Is it okay to use selling Girl Scout cookies for 12 years as an example of sales experience in a professorssional interview?
I was afraid to.
yeah, were's my coffee?!
I just had an interesting experience on bart culminating in me threatening to call cops.
Lucky I love you haha
Interesting day in Wisconsin politics.
I think the GOP narrowly holds off the Democrats to retain power in the state Senate.
friday is here at last!
will do!
Thanks!
would love to intro you to spreecast.
you could do live, interactive video broadcasts.
DM me for more info.

yeah, I thought that, too.
Apparently Al ran out of dough.
Going to go and make some buckeyes!
omnomnomnonomnom
sorry to hear you go.
Certainly the best and most creative show on HBO in a long while.
You will be missed.
I'm just weary of the accuracy of Fuelband and how meaningful Nike Fuel actually is.
Plus I like being able to hide my fitbit
haha I know....
One should never trust a woman who tells one her real age.
A woman who would tell one that would tell one anything.
Still not watching the Kings Speech
Watching the Big Bang Theory.
:
We also provide GUEST DJ's.
If your looking for something fresh and new contact us!!!
Old ass people that should be home taking care of there kids, shouldn't be at walgreens gossiping about how there going to go get high today
No, we just got our deck printed by a company online.
Most likely with a shady website that looks like it was made in the 90s.
Happy Easter!
Worked on my knit lace shawl  now getting ready for Easter lunch with my new Nebraska family.
Miss my Louisville fam, tho.
ok can't wait to see it!!
: u have a date?
Dear Lord, please let my mom win the mega millions tonight.
She deserves it :
I don't know what this means, but it's about peaches :
too bad ur not in Madison.
Perfect night to mess with people on state street
I hate this mosquito bite on my foot
So impressed by the cast of PARIAHMovie.
A full black cast with such depth.
Hats off the the writers and cinematography as well.
yay!
Watch you not get into it ;
Fuck all you guys !
Just shot you guys an email!
Sitting here watching jets game on this cold night
Thanks for visiting, !
Which flavor did you get?
lol I'm serious
hahahah!
I lose my blouse!
Makes zero sense.
Firefox apparently lets users just view .txt files  not, say, launch an editor.
Resorting to annoying workaround.
see your a fan of Skin Diamond check out my new book with her on the cover follow me and click the link on my page x
Is that..Good..?
xD I hope that's good.
o; Omg, I almost typed god instead of good.
;D And I know it sucks!
I'm scared of him!!
The knicks bout 2 go fishing...the heat bout 2 bust that ass n the 4th
Tomorrow is gonna be an avid coffee day...
anything for Zayn!
Happy Anniversary, Fenway!
I think they still work collaboratively writing and making music.
Looking forward to it!
BTW, I LOVE the game face pic!
CLASSIC!
You da man, D!!!
: RT : Being back in Farragut Square makes me miss my interning days All my best to a great team!
maillist culture declines proportionally to number of users who respond recreationally to every thread

thanks for the support!!
India is experiencing poverty,starvationalmost 200,000 suicides because of GMO's  contamination.Isn't it enough for you?
Santorum finally pulls out of America's assholes
Good thing the speaker isnt talking about texting and attending assemblys or i would be in trouble :P
Today in 1993 onearmed pitcher Jim Abbott pitched a nohitter for the
Taylor Swift doing the backwoods country performance is a bit interesting but I still think she's hot butnotinthat lol
Ready for the summer .
cannot believe I got no call...
I just left Lincoln Park!
I love guys who respect you and call you beautiful :
Thank you!
It was fun to make.
: 71 of Americans are NFL fans, 185 million ppl await end of lockout!
dwarfing other sports in US.
Getting to the point where I'm all the way over school and just want summer already..well even though I felt the way the first day of school
Listening to the Mobile keynote reminds me of how I felt the first time I heard about blogs.
So much change and opp out there.
Glad you like my website.
I checked out your music!
Sweet!
I'll give you a mention :D
No, but that sounds amazing!!
RT : Did anyone just see a shooting star in Germany that crossed the whole sky?
follow me!!
my job is to get everyone on the Internet to want to have a beer with me says  an amazing Community Manager at
Do not allow others to make your path for you ..
Others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you
Congrats.
Y'all killed it!!!
Minneapolis, here I am!
Weather today reminds me of Los Angeles weather.
Will be back soon.
Did you ever get my email addoctorss so we can talk about that video??
I cannot live without books.
Thomas Jefferson
oomf is a real live fagg!
I have some from a nasatweetup!
RT NASAdeveloped lowdensity, lightweight aerogel inducted into Space Technology Hall of Fame
I don't approve.
I don't approve at all.
Mentaly exhausted!
Don't know how much more I can handle.
LET'S GO DEVILS!!!!
WIN THIS FUCKING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is Friday!!
Awesome to hear!!!!
Thanks for the great feedback and please let us know if we can be of any help in the future
Layin' here with my best friennndd :D
At LA Fitness....Go Hard or Go Home.....
haha!
Nah..nothing like that!
I've watched the edited video and it looks AweSome!
My new video :D
I cannot stand going to school with idiots who brag about their doctornken weekends 24/7.
So annoying.
thank you so much for your support : hope to see you soon !
Why is the S1 never on time?
It should last an hour or so...
Hope to see you here!
So sad I'm missing this RT : Packed house Newfront headlines and humor featuring Funny or Die, ,
yeah it's tough but we us Yankee fans of New England gotta stick together
Such a wonderful book!
RT A gentle romance that brings together qualities of Jane Austen and Harry Potter.
Way to go Heejun!!!!
Work work work
I want to have a talk with him!
A GIGANTIC welcome to Terry, Brittney, Catherine, Brian and Candance!
You all rock and I hope that you have a super fantastic weekend!
: 
cont....LIVE PAINTING BY ARTISTS,VEZUN, DANNY ROBERTS,DASHA and MIKE BIGGS,JOESEPH WATSON,MARK T.
ZEILMAN,PETER MENGERT.
we left a kick pedal last night did you find it?
Hahahah.
I need a doctornk
Looking forward to Talkn TEA!
Cause its been cause health problems for the consumers: somebody tell me why is YAZ the birth control trending 
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing quality homes around San Antonio Texas.
he's fit.
I'm tired of looking like the villian.
Diablo i need to come to this store more often.
Fine ass nugguz SHiT!
Lol
TAKE ME WITH YOOOOUUU.I miss itwanna go back so bad :c
You didn't have to.
You don't think his outspoken beliefs have something to do with the publicity he gets??
I'm watching America's Funniest Home Videos right now.
What a great way to wrap up the weekend.
And can we go 2 ?
You know I need cupcakes RT I'll be in Dallas for Cinco de Mayo!
Can't wait to go to
Nice article.
I tend to think of myself as Type 2 but know a lot of Type 1 players, to whom I say have fun with that
T minus 10 minutes for the season premier!!
Super sleepy
Want to give you nose some TLC?
Irrigate with a saline rinse or neti pot to moisturize and clear nasal passages.
Tried to rest but my mind wouldn't let me
You know what must be done
It's gonna be an upset yo!
let the playoffs begin.
About to get ready to go get kay and then go to the back doctor
Prob not smiling about the Kindle Fire but maybe that will be replaced by an iPad one day lol.
u didn't even say who it was...
soo don't get pissed,
Thank you for the follow, Shohkoh and Nalla
For Jesus, Grace was a way of life.
We R so much better off if we let it be ours 2.
Thankyou 4 putting this on my heart Lord.
I'm LeHIGH of sum bomb KUSH
but that would involve me actually getting off the couch.
Seriously, science, we need teleportation.
New Orleans Fried Pies Apple Lemon Peach Pineapple Chocolate Coconut Banana www.hubigs.com
Is there a list of these hashtags you've found anywhere?
hello to our friends
Jamel Johnson looked solid.
He has some good decision makers and players around him to learn from.
He's in a good place.
can't remember the last time i was in bed by 9:30 
I hate young moms/grls having a half naked pics on f.b./twitter etc.like common you got baby don't do that be mature.
That's just not right!
of course, u all rock.
See you May 17 at 's CRANK UP THE CAUSE
How is wineriot ?
says Friday and this weekend needs to hurry up and get here, I'm gettin' tired of waiting!
lol
Prolly next Sunday RT : when is it
En rout to New Orleans
Is anyone else getting a barrage of emails from right now?
i have a quick question?
how do u make an album?
im new to this thats why im askin?:
good morning ;
I did it because I wanted to, because I needed to, because I had to, but mainly because you said I couldn't.
On FB  Coaching
RT : I live in Oklahoma.
If you're 1/32nd, you're Native American.
Case closed.
Thank you for playing anyway, Scott.
Apparently, my students' popculture knowledge of King Arthur is they always win and Lancelot never betrays anyone.
Shane Battier sucks..
James jones needs to be in there
what if a women bring home another girl for both of u to share?
My morning started w/ a cab ride w/ a doctorver who sounded like Sam Elliott, looked like ZZ Top on Casual Friday  listened to Ted Nugent.
Win
you can have a long, awkward convo about how the chairs are asymmetrical while i'm here studying, but you won't wipe the food off his face?
Hey, I really appreciate your advice on this.
Definitely something to think about.
God!..nickiminaj just got robbed by the Grammys where is kanye to break in when you need him?
I knew it involved those two.
Remember when they were roomies!??
Ugly.
I really really really fucking enjoyed 's set at SEMF2012.
One of the highlights of the festival for me for sure.
If you had April 29th as the day returned to ?
YOU WIN!
Stop before I get turned on.
;
lol, do not worry they really found a way to keep the beer cool and the food warm : :
I have no interest in it but it might be more accessible.
Hmm...
the one thing Im not looking forward to this brewers season is her.
It's sad really and for fucks sake keep her off radio
Apparently forthcoming data travels in either a flurry or a slew.
More details as they become available.
The dude probably dont know what to write when Black people call out racism against Whites.
The guy's scared.
If it makes you happy why does it hurt?
Follow my new page this one got hacked
Oh i mean its fine to just be nice...Lololol i have no friendss
You jagaloons!
You're failures!
Failures!
What to do...
Having our 2011 board retreat today, very excited for the coming events!
I just really want to make MY food y'know?
The Little Boy Said I Havent Seen Anyone As Pretty As Youu Anywhere TooCute :
he can keep up with me full sprint, at 3 months!
watching alex hahah
On the bus going to a boat cruise.
still loving ur music and loving u for being who u r without compromise.
u r a true inspiration to us all...3
oh man I love a good strawberry rhubarb pie.
This is going to ruin my diet plans.
Brewers playing tensionfree since clinching on Friday.
Comeback win 64 yesterday after shaking the hangover, now 81 MIL end 4th.
Crawling through week 6 of my class....4 more to go!
U silly!
Hope you gig went well last night!
TGIF!
RT : Nevermind jerkfaces!
I found it!
Amen Amen : Phillip Phillips is deleeeshh .
Hope that you are having a great turkey day!
yeah they talked about a vacation.
And Cali did come up.
is writing, producing, directing, and editing my documentary film titled Masked Acting: Leading with the Mask.
Happy Holidays!
If you come to Carmel.
I am not going anywhere near that racetrack unless I have VIP parking and access.
LOL
I ask questions, : to make cconversation, cause no one wants to talk!
congrats, man!
Public Culture is just the most recent...to try to bridge academic  socalled generalpublic.
Others are and
Just wanna be the one who u can run 2 when ur down, anything u need imma be there!
imma pick u up when ur down
Wowzers.
Lots of new stuff coming soon for the Waldow family.
nothing really beats those textually inaccurate bathing Darcy scenes, huh?
Haha!
Still, that's the best adaptation!
I just remembered that I'm absent minded Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
Stay'd at the school for a lil while .
Lol ppl Tweaking OMS' !
Time to head for gym:
Let us know what you think of the sheepdogs!
MT : that's our plan The fox wants to see the sheepdogs :
Spent a couple dollars on them...
Still avail.
It's a men's Small, which is why it won't fit Kells.
She wants the betterfitting women's Small.
Dental work yesterday and now mouth really hurts today.
But tummy is telling me we need to eat.
Ugh.
please dont be in love with someone else, please dont have somebody waiting on youu
lol get it boo!
Look at that!
Last day of high school and I'm wearing sweats lol ehh oh well :
The guy next to me on the max is mumbling and making gun noises and shooting motions.
If u never see me again it was nice knowing u.
...
maybe a bit past time.
Posted!
Sorry it took so long!!
It's the web geek's fault!
: Well done though.
nope I'm at my mommy's with the fam.
Good luck to our good friend ELM PIZARRO today  at the MSA audition today : And Gluck to everyone auditioning!!
mister.Luis just told us chill the hell out.x
DID YOU LOVE IT?!
Raymond Williams Keywords Culture is 1 of 2 or 3 most complicated words in English language 2 true politicsofwomensculture hard 2 write
sleep allows our bodies to REALLY rest and reset.
When people say you canm start again tomorrow, its physical too
Why won't Obama do something about the price of Mike  Ike's at this gas station?
im really not 3
working in Union Square is making me want to shut down Occupy Wall Streets big yap.
I'm the 99 and OWS is 100 fucking w/ my style.
Blah
2 hours of sleep.
Psha!
You 8 hour a night people are suckas!
What's your over/under as to when I'll fall asleep at my desk today?
I think I'd get island fever honestly.
I like to peace out on a whim.
I love Punk'd
Noo noo it's  uptown moscato life .
lol , Thanks for the tweet :
I want to thank everyone who has shared the journey with me thus far.
Cheers to a quarter of a century!
doctornk with me in a park
on the solarchallenge call.
Lots of good info.
Watch a whole bunch of avocados be sent to Zayn in the mail now..
Hasn't he learned from Lou's mistake with the carrots?
Dear city of albuquerque.
You really need curb side recycling on the east side of town...
Just sayin.
haha for sure love you
I do but sadly that is not to be tonight.
doctorve slow homie.
Hope you have a good morning, friend!
Who you are, who you want to be, and who you once were are 3 different people
I don't blame you chica; I would also sue Shaunie, its her show and she is an instigator on the slick!
...a big order w some of those dank, tropical varieties so they will be on very soon.
I just brewed a big dank IPA yesterday
I know!
Why weren't you out watching Sparty dominate?
I didn't know you and ever separated.
On my way to .
Should be a good time.
o well might go toma tho
On my way to see onedirection 3
Amazed that after nearly a month, George Zimmerman hasn't been arrest yet.
Florida is so screwed up in so many ways...
sad.
thinks leaving Sarah Ferguson's face paused for 45 min on my plasma might have been a bad idea lol ;
smile.
cause my twitter name tells myself to so I'd figure I tell you to.
RT Note to journalists A market decline of 1 isn't tanking, plunging, or crashing.
It's what stocks do from time to time
Everybody deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes.
Very very bad headache and sore throat if I even talk I'll cry now: i'm In so much pain my brother said I looked paralyzed
Work it on out God
Sorry Jimmy!
Scheduling a Boston event in Spring is crazy tough.
We're on both Sat.
Sun., so come for part of it if you can.
I haven't been to either w/ my boys FAs, I know Disney do amazing catering to FA needs!
Well there is supposed to be tornadoes along with this hurricane..
im sensing 2012...
why!?
Ugh no!!!
They can't control if u wear a toga!!!
Goodnight everyone!
Sweet doctorams: R
she take him to her private island and that is where Frances meets NaLee, she is a mermaid
Would be Garth's best move of the summer, but I think Mike will pursue head coaching gigs first.
: I hope everyone follows a doctoram at least once in their life time I did last night
hey guys
It's gonna be a great week.
Lots to do, lots to get done, lots of fun to have.
Here goes!
Also, pick up EP at tallymoore.com!
IT HAPPENED!
I'M BORN AGAIN!
MT Rainwater on the Playground  Making doctorinage a Play Feature
You just have to make a classier better smelling line.
Still can do it.
hello bailey:
AND SHAVE TOO!!!
party up.
It hit the back wall and bounced into some girl's hand.
She made a solid catch
.
Best Price Omega P36 Chrome Post 36  Garage Storage ...
I created a really awesome tutorial system into that teaches ppl how to use it  wish more devs did this
Come home to me.
59 away from 900.
Seems like a lot but i bet mahomies can do it ;
Breaking Bad season 3, Big Love season 3, Sopranos season 2, Whisker Wars season 1.
Great win for the Bulls.
Bench mob killin' it.
As Bill Murray in space jam said Lets go Bulls
OK now I'm having too much fun.
back to work
yeah, still there.
Thinking about teaching preschool since elementary school job isn't looking promising.
Just realized I'm staying in a house with cable tv and I can actually watch the Baylor game instead of checking score online.
Duh.
i only skimmed it bc i saw Ryan Braun  HGH in the first pgh...
prob still trying to prove some point from last night...
BUT
has a hit with the song she just performed.
Beautiful.
Loved it.
I'm Sleepy ;o
All International Youth Basketball Teams...save the date and join us for our World Youth Basketball Summit June 1924, 2012 Grades 2  12
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
please.
I took hip hop for 3 years.
Police  virtual lockdown at the office.
Alleged bank robbery and suspicious package.
Bomb squad on scene.
We've moved to interior...
Depend if your wearing your football pads or not!
Tacoma 6, Lower Col.
5.
Tacoma DH Stephan Adams hits 22 pitch for solo home run in bottom of 9.
Same teams in Longview for two Tuesday.
it's hit and miss, but they don't take crappy stuff.
I found some good stuff there.
I'm dumb.
Told everyone to share the wrong link!!
www.terriblepeopleshow.com is the right one.
Thanks to Amy for noticing!
Thank y'all as always!
again!
You're leaving before the best part of convention even starts!
shia labeouf is on location on the GA wine highway this week.
Shooting new film The Wettest county.
Saw it w/ my own eyes.
No Kings?
No Richie, Carterbum, Williams, Stevens, and Hextall?
Thanks for the follow back
Good morning twitter followers!
Hope everyone has a great day!
: Mike Brown is an Assistant Coach.
Currently tracking progress across the greater United States via flightstats.com : map included!
A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a work station..
What did one saggy titty say to the other saggy titty?
We better get some support soon or people will start thinking we're nuts!
LOL the only h8ers out there are you and your family..
Your mentality is unique to say the least.to say the most..
you need help
your twitter is hacked
Dedication: RT : lemme know!
I'll come down from central new jersey with 5 of my friends.
the classic!
Modifying Fieldwork code less than 30 hours before the performance.
That's awesome!
I've heard all sorts of amazing stories and he's been super sweet to me each time we've spoken.
I predicted this a minute ago..So off to europe I go!
Switched from XP to Mac four weeks ago and some teenagers are calling me oldfashioned because I referred to it as a Macintosh
You're Welcome!
I love video...
i'm going to have to check out more
follow me please :D
It is the nature of the strong heart, that like the palm tree it strives ever upwards when it is most burdened.
Sir Philip Sidney
All packed up, heading to Orange County for 10 days tomorrow!
Any suggestions on places to go/see/eat?
lol.
Same here
lmao jus say the cat for now on
Great night shooting cookie commercial
: I don't think knows how much things we have in common.!
lol no I don't :
When people automatically dismiss new ideas with negative criticism, it really puts a bad taste in my mouth when it comes to our community
Lmfao you gotta be a good side chick to know how to be the main chick
More Buchanan on Blazers PG: We have to find a leader who can carry this team on nights when maybe LA isn't playing well.
Yes, it's an automated system in the pumps that do that.
...you did great doctorving the 5 speed stang!
As long as you can doctorve me to the hospital.
That's the point!
lol love you
fans!
follow this new mahomie page!
we follow back!
Prolific?
I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason.
Puff Daddy
Guilty Pleasure:
Beyond free text messaging, there are more XfinityVoice features on the roadmap for later this year.
whatever thanks for following me !!
: so come out with a show again my ass is bored !
Nutella makes everything better.
There is nothing better than baseball.
Why are my parent so stupid?
ugh
Seriously.
TV just doesn't get better.
Spectacular!
ABC is insane if they don't renew.
God ass weekend doing everything and nothing
thanks for the RT of that!
: Donalddoctorver Let's get this trending!
GoDonaldGo Here, here
Biggest question on SEAMTL trade: What is Eddie Johnson's fitness?
If he's been inactive, no way he's fit by CCL or start of MLS.
Big risk.
I don't know wanna be a bother
I think some Hawks fans need to get over the Coyotes hate.
Lol.
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY FUCKING SPEED BUMPS?
Mgk concert in June :
I'm bad at responding to most people...
RT : We'd love to !
ExpressCache analyzes usage for automatic optimization.
Broken equipment almost did me in, but it was still fun none the less.
haha, there is more to life than ftp :
Back to shity of Hollywood:
hi twitter
Oohhh...
it is FOGgy out there!
Behind every untrusting girl, is a boy who made her that way.
yeah demi is my favourite singer ever also avril and taylor
yea me too I ain't investing any  til I know it's fosho I already doctorpped 3 gs with Sam n ain't shit ain't take off
i've learned my leason and not believe what everybody says.
people are just haters.
i love you ........
AND
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun
Women are equal.
There's nothing to discuss.
I think the problem only exists because we acknowledge it.
I hate when I lose the cap to my water bottle
Three b1g teams in the Sweet16 with msu and purdue still to go.
If it would help, we can send you a code for a free month of service.
DNS.com is an allanycast network allowing unlimited domains.
Just got out my keyboard after throwing away 8 yrs of classical training.
I am 50.
I think I'm hopeless.
Theory is HARD!
Judging by the amount of laughing I do in any given day, this is the best place I've worked yet.
Hey thanks for the agchat shout out.
I am sorry I missed it!
: Thanks for the FF with these smart, lovely ladies: !
When is the premiere?
Shocking Level of Influence Exposed: Union Boss Trumka Talks to White House EVERY DAY and Visits a Couple Times
I quit, I quit, I quit!
Oh yay!
I have been looking into this as well.
Exciting!
Meh.
Too many other good places to try so probably won't go back anytime soon.
advice  HTC EVO Shift 4G  good?
bad?
on Sprint ....
advice.
US bound on Friday.
FOLLOW MY RETARDED FRIEND WHO NEEDED HELP MAKING A TWITTER :
watching the walking dead ...
doin my happy dance!
Can't wait to see ya.
Reaction to arrests?
Are you heading downtown?
That's too bad.
If you were in The D, you could have watched The Detroit Tigers win their game on T.V.
You might think I'm a lair but, girls want my wiener like their names Oscar Meyer.
More Thanks for the Follow to and
LoL by then, you won't care.
My thirties beat my twenties by miles.
:
Crap!
, I heard is trying to own the word backstage and take down !
Run for the hills!
dang.
forget digital humanities, that's game changing!
oh, dope!
How did you hear of us?
lifting my hands off the ropes around your ankles You tell me, Ms.
Barbara.
yeah that's a shame.
These debates should be on Comedy Central, not CNN.
Predicting the next revelation: Barack Obama made up Bob Woodward.
The snow storm hitting the country right now may have shut down some Gov.
offices but we're still open for biz  getting loans approved!
im in school
How is everyone doing?
Find someone who will ruin your lipgloss, not your mascara.
;
Still upset and hasn't taken me on my date yet :::::
In Class:  Talk  Sleep  Text  Play  Study
that is just so awesome...not the missing but the meeting
Share the inspiration, motivation, and humor of these lovelies.
Men are cruel, but Man is kind.
Rabindoctornath Tagore
libday8 taking an actual break for a short while to go for a walk, I'm here late tonight and have been sitting way too long!
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
George S Patton
TerrificThursday have a fantastic day Grant :
Free for All Friday on Catalyst Business Radio!
Anything goes!
What's on your mind?
Call in...
let's talk!
Senator Chris Back you ABSOLUTELY DISGUST ME
paper is done...and pretty damn good.
cc
loved Contraband!
Just seen it in Bangkok.
Keep up the good work!
I still need to order Tina Fey's book!
What is it called again?
RT I 3 my kindle
had awsome doctoram last night going to make a movie about it.
will the doctoram worte the movie for me just need the ending
Reading of my short this Saturday.
Message me if interested.
Free pizza for all who participate :
may result in disaster, but everything happens for a reason and all that shit, right?
How have you been doing?
This is the life we belong to.
it is!
Lol
So today I have encountered Ferpina.....
Swimming world champ Dale Oen dies in Arizona
...it is sicking how groupes no longer think/ care for the people they are to be reprisenting ...
Am I doctornk?
Yes I am.
69?
never bitch u gne do me and im done
Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, Kentucky peeps: I can get you a good deal on a new wireless security system.
Message me!
Good morning, Mary.
I'm talking about Repubs and others who vote party regardless of the facts.
you are so beautiful in this doctorss.
glad it sounded it went well, will tweet again very soon x
Nothing like freedom!!!!
God definitely had his hand on us today.
No matter how it was perceived authentic praise is always accepted by God.
Dont get compared to a bag of anything.
What word do you hate more; nipple or clitoris?
my dad.
wtf??????
Keith jones is now on Twitter!!!
we love our European brothers but lets have an American push us over the 400 likes.
Come on Denver
TwiDems need a day to make a big deal about regressive state taxes.
Romney pays 15 and then on top of that is state tax regresivity
They got nothin' on yooooouuuu, baby.
:
Flocka can you be my baby daddy?
RT Dont b racist.
B like Mario.
He's an Italian plumber, Created by Japanese people, Who speaks English,  looks like a Mexican.
KMSLLLL
If my iphone wouldn't had fallen dwn 2 flights of steps, I would've been taken care of this document, now I gotta use this scrap smh
Hawt.
Mainly gaming focused or more generalized?
I'm moving my ass over to Germany soon, so maybe we'll catch up on that doctornk.
Hey, um Austin?
I got a question..
Serious question.
I just might die if you don't answer.
Well, um...
will you follow me?
;
Psych professorssor is talking about the Placebo Effect, Im sitting here grinning like an idiot every time she says Placebo
tweeting in haiku/ harder than youd think/ slow in the mornings
This conversation though 
This a dirty world, you gotta get your hands dirty.
Seen this nigga with dandoctorff in his beard today at Windy City Sole Spring Summit LMFAO!
Liverpool is up by 3 and it's only the 31'...
this is a
So what will you be brewing?
Summer better hurry up....
lets go orange!
We are the number 1 team!
Cuse!
Of course!!
Your website looks great btw!
unconventional cincodemayo  early bird special dinner now going to see avengers!
Busy afternoon at the car wash.
But I don't mind since the sun is shining and it's Friday!
I ain't got time for bullshit I got enough going on right now so my tolerance for bullshit is low...
I can't even get it out my mind,
The Bulls don't struggle with Rose, you idiot.
Quit saying garbage for ratings, you incompetent NBA observer.
I kind of want to buy that now.
oh yeah hahahahaha i totally forgot whoops...
:P
Yeah, I ain't gettin no book from the library.
Decision time.
Do I go to a hot yoga class this morning or continue on as normal?
Haven't done really hot yoga in years.
Bit terrified.
just took my house from pigsty to guest ready in 1.5 hours.
ha!
Thanks!
you guys are so rock n roll
I love It's so nice to hear rational people talk about politics for a half hour every week.
i replied so late lol : but i'm listening to cody simpson 3
Planet Earth, please welcome to the stage my goddaughter Ava Michelle Dixon.
Born May 6th, 2012 at 2:59am.
Congratulations Karina and Mike!
Happy Halloween!
What is the coolest costume you've ever seen for Halloween?
I am too cause this one girl just posed o pic of it but it had someone's ele name under it :/
Born and raised from Tunbridge Wells, Kent and work for Sporting KC in the front office.
Love to hear about the opportunity
We keep making it easier to stay with Hilton.
Now through December 31, choose from either double points a one free night after only 4...
sicem Big12 BSB: has a sevengame conference win streak
That should read.....Why Every Team is better than Carolina.....
Wishing everything was different.
I'm so tired of it all being this way.
But people surely shouldn't be celebrating like this though.
Some people are sick, this is not an excuse to get doctornk
that's a 'bellissimo forno' Chef!!
Of the more than 11,000 lakes in Minnesota, there are 201 Mud Lakes, 154 Long Lakes, and 123 Rice Lakes.
Nothing is never easy to obtain but it makes it that much better when u finally get it
Do you have your tickets yet?
They are going fast!
Even the man in the moon disapears
why?
He's just a black spot in your life.
Imagine a world with little sleep..
Tami your amazing.
I helped planned a few events you attended in Miami, You keep it 100 real and i love that about you.
YOU ROCK
Yeah Right!!!
I will do neither.
I eat people that do shot like that
Watching the documentary of EarvinJohnson announcing to the world when he had
I just left
Yup yup.
Ugh.
He has made some guest appearances in other Nick shows like iCarly.
Thankfully, I don't have cable anymore.
:
do I know u??
No but youre there
Don't worry, I'm sure noone notices it with your mustache and all...
If someone hates you for no reason, you give that motherfcker a reason.
RT : Advertisers spend 60 billion a year on traditional TV and only 3 billion on online video.
But that gap is closing.
Red bull mx des nations needs to get their act together.
2 hours waiting to get in so far!
Praying for traveling grace on the road back to Miami.
Have a missionary friend staying a few days, just me a 20,000,000 offering for my ministry
It seems like everyone is always selling something.....
totally agree, I need solid shorts to keep the comfort factor up.
awesome a good yelp review always helps the business it would be appreciated!
Thanks for coming in!
I love creative projects with friends!!
I highly recommend this!!
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Leo Tolstoy
Rewatching The Wonder Years from the beginning.
Still holds up.
LMAO!
I look disgusted!!
not very a la Julie Roberts in Pretty Woman!
Y'all didn't even give it a chance Bring Back Ringer
Happy New Year!
2011 was great.
Here's to an even better
never had those :o
Come to Museum Sun  1:30 for Difference of a Single Day Exhibit Opening.
See photos  artifacts from Brit filmmaker's search for family.
really Jamie???
how can u hate a legend of zellda game u have no soul!!
Loving life!
Hanging and slanging ;
you are a true american!!!

took the cowardly route.
She was hired to do a job, but admitted she couldn't.
Wow...
how unprofessorssional.
i never understood the slow speeds in school zones.
is that so the pedophiles can get a better look at the school childoctorn?
We will be sending an email and stopping by real soon :
hey queen I dont know if you remember me but my name is Born Asiatic Allah, out here in Az.
Always do what you do, love you ma
Just wondering if you've had a chance to listen to The 1861 Project CD yet?
Thank you for the follow !!
Starships were meant to fly
that is way better.
you can always come back for a phd ;
So ready for the weekend to be here already......
HIT ME UP ON FACEBOOK.COM WILLIAM COTTON
haha.
I just can't seem to get my bearings
one of those lectures this morning that makes you wanna not touch anything and go home and take a bleach bath.
My concern with the county board of supervisors being allowed 2 redistrict their own areas.
putting the fox in charge of the chicken house
What was that?
remember when a tweeter was the small speaker on your oversized stereo speaker system?
Yeah but how long have you had your Twitter?
WAY longer than me and your only ahead by a few 10's.
Letterman: the only thing Chris Christie has vetoed  a salad
Kazoo's are making a comeback in Rihanna's Where Have You Been.
good things don't happen to those who wait .
.
.
good things happen to those who get up  get shit done .
imma miss himm..lol i wonder if he has facebook or twitter to spam his wall.lmao
bored, eating subway:
You ROCK!
RT : feeling good i saved a life at work today
Thank you!
This song is about me, all the girls in the club got big tits ah they are saying everybody in the club getting tipsy
u2 ...amazing!
Hit us up for tickets to see us open for Fuel with original lead singer !
tickets are going fast!
RT : Natl Media is all ovr corrupt culture of Perdue Admin but NC press is silent.
Is corruption  abuse of power status quo in NC?
that's just the perfect epiphany..
thnak you!
:
Shutup Im a good cook.
I would hate to go to school for it.
suck it your never gonna be able make anything more than cereal
Akward moment..when it's quiet in your room!
And your dog sneezes: scared me!:
Should iStay single or what?
Ugh, I can't stand the feeling of missing someone you like.
Haha when did I fall in love???
It's just such a bummer that it's taking so long...
see?
I'm not a spambot after all...
I follow you for realz.
STEROIDS GOOD!
STEROIDS COOL!
don't forget about the Dallas Art Walk this weekend.
the art walk roools!
11pm!
LongForm ParallelTime Field Recording, Djerassi SMIP Ranch Woodside, CA Sept.
6, 2001 by Joshua Churchill
A1: Go scuba diving in Australia for sure!
I must have fooled him since I was carrying an iPhone!
Thanks for the mention!
Mercy Health
Awesome word of the day blahblahsphere
I sent a proposal via the woofu form.
On How to talk to a real, live user.
I can do something else.
HI Louis!
: Fancy meeting you here!
What's your favorite restaurant in Milwaukee?
Tweet us at
LOL!
That's hilarious!
Through the love of another we discover who we are and who we can be.
Love supports us to believe in ourselves.
Happy Mother's Love Day.
You're awesome.
CV
Bad tasting ice?
Time to change your water filter.
Can't believe it's already Nov!
As Thanksgiving approaches, remember to think about donating to your local food banks.
Scott Caan quits acting for professorssional wrestling.
With tag line 'Caan u smell what Scott Caan is cookin!?'
With the statement, and sarcasm doesn't translate well in tweet form :/ Understand his viewpoint, but two of our cofounders...
: yeah, exactly.
i'm thinking high schools' fears about Vulnerable Students On The Open Internet are overblown.
When someone can convince me Google wants good things for me over ad revenue via selling me, I will trust their TC.
William H.
Brown Elementary Banks on the Playoffs with BMO Harris Bank and Chicago Bulls quot;AdoptASchoolquot; Program
hey , interesting discussion on the Disabled American Veterans Club now at Selectmen's mtg.
Town owns the club bldg?
I will I'm there a lot usually with my best friend !!
Great batterys about to die and i dont have a car charger.
Glad i have my charger so i can charge it when i get to the hospital.
Pero, y u got a iPhone 4 case on your iPhone 3?
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
I HATE A Gal That Talk Too Much Like STFU  .
.
.
Welcome to the team Nikki Boudoctoraux, Ross Anderson, Jeremy Wood, and Derek Rhoades!!!!!!
I'm taking doctor Dozier's course this semester.
Great teacher and advocate for the professorssion.
Last day of classes!
Thank goodness!
What about your friends?
Just remember that weather is no excuse to take behavioral cues from Heathcliff.
I dont get how people can take their anger out on me when I have nothing to do with why you have an attitude .
Mets beat the psychological damage of Friday's game, beat Yanks 62
Torn.
In so many directions.
Meek Milllly  Rawest rapper right now !!
hey i miss you; you need to get yo ass in TC later and same with
PLEASE JOIN US on Sept 5 for our 1 year anniv!
FREE GRAB BAG worth over 25 with 30 donation ALL DAY LONG!
WEEDMAPS.com search bella flora
How old are your students?
Most of us appreciate a well turned ankle.
Jim, like your work/site.
Looking forward to seeing more
ah finally its ready!
por fin esta el video!
Is it bad form to look for another part time library job?
I've heard good things about expression engine.
Padoctorno for sinatra/ruby looks interesting for a role your own
u got a copy of ya mixtape without doctorp on in
ah, thanks!
Good Morning!
Who's in the mood for some Barbecue !
Tuesday at 7am  Paraguay vs.
Japan.
At 11:30am see Spain and Portugal clash!
We will ReAir the Spain/Portugal Match again at 6:30pm.
You in your darkest of dark moments will never be Morrissey.
well.
thats what happens when i run with old running shoes.
I GOT NEW ONES TODAY IN THE MAIL THOUGH.
post only links to valuable content to masses of followers.
If tweets are good, you will get more dedicated follows.
My back hurts so bad.
:
Gods plan is in motion.
Whitney your greatness will live in Our hearts forever.
Are you fucking kidding me?
what are you doing this week to advance your career?
Yeah, I hear you, it's a ground floor office and I got no windows.
No ivory tower, no glass cylinder neither.
BURN IT
you have to put it on tho ;
heard great things.
NO idk why but it doctorves me crazy!!!!
FollowMe and I'll follow you back.
I remove all people that don't FollowBack.
Thanks!
:
Thanks!
We're always looking for feedback, so if you have any suggestions let us know.
RT : Aries ZodiacPeople  An Aries woman will not play games when in love, she will tell it like it is.
When people some they're thirsty Ew.
Link works if you remove the hyphen at the end...
Love People  Use Things Not Love Things  Use People.
To Handle YourSelf Use Your Head.
To Handle Others Use Your Heart
Quote of the Day: Real people do real things, if you was real you would have went and copped a real chain.
meek mill
Could you please follow me back :
So is this retirement plan of Schweitzer's any different than what he has been doing.
JK.
LOL.
thank you superstar cousin!!
:
sorry just XL but it is very high quality cotton and can stretch some.
Lost all my Hellboy, BPRD trade papers and Library editions in Irenefueled sewage backup.
Furniture, too, butCOMICS.
:
Vehicle Artist  wanted for a A developer based in the UK...For more information contact .uk
The grand prize goes to Congrats!
You won a MomInspired Gift Bag with iPad!
DM your email to
I need 6months vacation, twice a year..
Still need extras this Sat.
for HomeBrewed webseries shoot.
Will be loads of fun, great experience  did I mention there's freefood ?
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.
William Osler
Just watched your YouTube video...very cute.
Makes me miss my 1st graders from last year.
OK great!
Will they print in an 8x10 size OK?
Won't look 2 grainy or anything?
Oh that's great news!!!!
Is arson a capital crime during times like this?
love!.
im listening to zombie jumpstyle remix!
it so good i cnt have ebough of that remix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
love you Ryan.
ur mine for ever
: fantastic!
And I are plotting a way to move here to be with and  DC would 4ever change
Greatgood luck!
This Summer There's A Lott Of People Who Not Gonna Be Friends Anymore
Shakespeare says All's well that ends well.
And sometimes it just ends.
Fitch just downgraded his credibility to junk.
Wow, that was the wierdest, funniest call I've ever heard.
yes?
RT : It's follow Friday so...
EVERYONE FOLLOW ME!
BanBeliebers heres alittle information is our idol and people like him more than YOU!
HATER!
JUSTIN BIEBER ForeverNdAlways3
walk around da block get yo ass shot
it will be several months for me.
LMFAO.
I THOUGHT YOU DID :O
no I don't think we're friends.
I'm not dumb
Is pulling up to wait for your food a thing of the past in doctorve throughs?
I just want my coffee
I don't want to know anything about you.
...
Sir.
RT : i have to slow down my brain right now
thats cool, get some sleep i'm in class anyways.
In this life you've got I stick up for yourself or else...
Who will?
where did you first hear broken girl?
I need something to do...
Ugh
LA!
Yo, I need like a place that can reprint some headshots mad quick...only need like 30...who has some knowledge to impart?
Pick me up every season of SouthPark and I'll pay you Tuesday, I swear.
Do you think the U.S.
gov't thinks we are Citizens with God Given Unalienable Rights  or do they just consider us to be serfs now?
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 3
lmao what you said cuz, or like it can't happen to them.
yea girl love u and them : had a blast .
Thank God for making me funny.
Microsoft to Botmasters: Abandon Your Inboxes mwatch
Crazy proud of what we're accomplishing on follow our analytics company for the film industry.
The Max train may stop you if your timing is bad but only for a matter of seconds.
just to let you know I'm fine dear : just had a moment last night.
thanks for always being there :
watching true blood!
Wight.
New adventure invented here: Frankie Pickle the pirate in Russia saves the day from evil monkeys am.
I ALWAYS have buyers remorse...
Taking shoes back tomorrow maybe.
The jeans  shorts I won't as I need shorts for work  jeans for play.
:
lol!
Well you better come this summer for sure!
3
calm down bitch lol
12 more days of school.
YHEAAAAA
we will make it up to you with some new tunes this week.
Hope to see you!
I need to pee and my bladder is hurting.
:
COMMUNITY time!
Venue change for the Xibalba/Soul Search show.
It will now be at Walters.
Price is still 6 and time is still at 4pm.
We play first.
Usability testing works well with just 3 user tests  the boulders become clear.
at around 5 tests the feedback becomes redundant
: Congrats on
oh no!
Hope she is okay!
Poor little girl.
heck no I need a big dog!
A big cuddle buddy!
I use to love Pharell song Frontin.
This road trip would have been so much better if I remembered to DL the new BTE album sent me :/
People in pink cars: You bug me.
So happy for all the newly engaged couples out there!!!!!!!!
CONGRATS!
And let the weddingplanning begin!
Questions/Requests used to be 60 of consumer interaction.
With self service on the web, now 47.
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again
I don't mean to offend people ...
That's not my intention
The refs really screwed us in this one.
Missed two obvious penalties in final 10, give us one that results in GW.
RT : Congrats Cupcake Creations in Penfield for their triumph on Cupcake Wars.
Way to go!
No rents for me.
Going to the park, hmu if you want to chill
Wish I had friends that understand what I'm going through ///3
FUCK!
I was hoping I was a genius and knew you by now lol
Elle VarnerGhosts 
quote of the night from Kindoctor after a sip of king henry I love the way it slides across my tongue and makes it way to my cheeks
I'm your local rep  just left you a message.
Looking forward to speaking with you.
HA.
Doubt it.
wow thats a lot!
Improv writers for tonight w/ BLACK ARTS w/ BUS STOP ON SMB CHERRIE'S NEW MAN...
I need sleep.
Or caffeine.
Either way gimme a bed!
RT : 2012 WILL HENCEFORTH BE KNOWN AS THE YEAR WHEN NONWHEDON FANS SUDDENLY GOT IT.
Guthrie sucks
Working on some cnfdntl shit with
Can you go on a DM spree!!?!?
Embla witnesses the last days of her culture  survives the transition.She recounts the saga to her descendants in a most unusual way.
Absolutely,and when you love your people you try to reach out to them even when it's a challenge and not very popular.
1LUV
really!:0i will buy u like a million boxes of them just for u !:that's how much ily
I only do certain shit for my future success is my only option!
Thanks for the FB!
Happy to tweet with you!
where I've always been lmao I'm not saying where I live on twitter!
cool,how are u dear ?
33 how was ur holidays?
:
I love it when people text or tweet doctornk!!
They seem so happy, Plus its funny :D
Do yourself a favor: listen to upandcoming artist She sang beautifully and meaningfully to a packed Red Devil Lounge last night.
Freezing to death.
Hey thanks!
And we're big Naked Pizza fans.
Thanks for getting us through late nights in the studio!
How TF you bored and you just got up?
RT: LMAO im bored
follow this girl  belieberhelpbelieber right?
: 8
shoutout to the new followers ' !
good luck!
On my way to see The Avengers!
Thanks Everyone for coming to Winstons last night!
We had fun!
BAC
da best tweet.I seen n you so badd
Happy Birthday to Shannon, 's AMAZING Asst Lab Tech.
She turns 30 today but it's all good  she still looks great!
A true friend: Cares like a mom Scolds like a dad Teases like a sister Imitates like a brother Loves more than a lover
Parents are going outta town this weekend.
I should throw a projectx type party.
Hay ;
lucky as always...air bud  gold
Can't wait to see you two!
I cant believe I am missing at Watching House of the Devil at home by myself does not fill the void.
Off to the Denver vs.
Seattle game.
Need to win this one guys.
Go Broncos!!
Sundown United will be doing an interview with us about our art endeavors!
Be on the lookout for the article!
via : This is a great site and a wonderful way to keep in touch!
Zombies are better than unicorns because unicorns fart rainbows and that's just disturbing.
Blondes or brunettes?
Found boxed mac n cheese that's dairy free.
First time I've seen this.
Any favorite brands?
right.
As kids will always get high, parents will always freak out
wow thats fuck up.
Dude why don't you just hire another girl and have her beat the shit out of her.
Lol
Shocked we had a good lunch in the wind...
not sure why 115degrees is more comfortable than 25mph winds to Vegas folk but we accept
your confidence is leaving you on your own.
Today is my Sisters Birthday.
She would have been 41.
Happy Birthday Tracie!
Blow out the stars on your cloud cake tonight.
Are you watching Nets from Indy?
Why?
Great Rangers game on NBCSN
No he doesn't, I'm not sure if Jon does either.
I like the idea a lot though!
my feelings for u are way beyond this universe nd witout u idk wat i would do33 ur the guy a girl wished she had: MUAH!3
LAUC'ers are a special kind of involved!
Dear Delilah  Grapefruit
just followed!
Thanks for following!
:
Those babies can't even hold their head up.
Be our first customer review please, pretty please!
;
Thank you for the mention!!
Busy day ahead !!!
Have a wonderful hump day !!!!
Text messaging is an imprecise science.
good!
Thanks!
it was Marlins highlights.
Its like they didnt even mention the Bucs winning the game.
don't do it!!!
I got pulled over for that last year!!
So my idea made it to the second round in swroc but didn't get a team formed around it.
Working on SkillsTrader.
great meeting you last night!
Lets link up this week so we can talk about these ideas.
LoL at putting Stan out there on Twitter
Vegas lights
Just contacted an acupuncturist.
Absurdly excited for my first appointment.
Awesome to hear ya on WTMJ.
Miss ya man!!
is that the sticker they give to NBA players?!
RT : bad bitchess like me aree hard to go find ;
but we all have our unshared personal archives.
Hence the value of criticalcommons for another mode of collab
can it be tomorrow already.
Next time a chick ask How big is your penis I won't tell them.
I will just say it can hold up about 15 candy canes.
I think I shall rock my MS State shirt at work today!
we'll definitely pass that along to the owners  great idea!
whodat gamedaygear thanks:
Yes invented beet and rose risotto out of desperation.
Thanks for the mention!
If u can't sleep then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying.
It's the worry that gets u not the lack of sleep.
D Carnegie
looking forward to ur album!
better than seeing you
: CAR Panthers signed RB Mike Tolbert to a fouryear contract.
great pick up for
Happy Thanksgiving !
Gunshot fired
Wonder wha she doing?
Tell students that they are walking experiments  they might begin to look at lab activities/procedures a bit differently.
Sweet god why is ESPN carrying a press conference for a backup quarterback?
Why is there a press conference on the first place?!
Stay away from Willards...
They make the Foo Fighters play outside?
Loving D.C.
such an amazing city!
And, really looking forward to the conference happening this week!
my pleasure  it was wonderful.
fuck it, if I do this half assed I'll have time to dance out my frustrations.
These niggas talk shit on facebook more than bitches do about niggas I guess they
sets an alarm for 11:30.
Gotta make sure you get up in time!
if has anything to say about it, I'm going to go with no as the answer to your question.
A little boy asked his father, Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?
Father replied, I don't know son, I'm still paying.
And josh Hamilton hit one also for Texas!
best virtual brands out there?
talk amongst yourselves...
My mom was like, look at my sowing bag, I look up  it's a crown royal pouch.
Lol
Headed to Platform Hillhouse, better know as Hellhouse.
Wish me luck, pray for a short job.
he loved me :
alternatively, create GoogleDoc form for student comments while viewing video  discussion starter.
Game of thrones is sick
At the rate we're going we're never getting to the airport!
3 more hotel stops??
But I am gathering story ideas.
Now back to Chekhov and
Yay!
RT : Defensive end Luis Castillo has resigned with Chargers, per his agent.
Put your hairy chest away chewbaca.
did u and your boy get the tuna loca tonight
I can't, that's just it!
Money Saving Tip 33: Switch to term life insurance.
All of these state voter id laws are really troubling.
I guess it really is 1950
Adam Nougeteiri of course!
Can't see the uprights.....doesn't matter.
It's good.
Running on no sleep and I have to perform in two back to back shows tonight.
Monster is a life saver.
till I'm done baby sitting
Food for thought: If Patsos had stayed at UMD, he would have been their head coach.
Dodgers Matt Kemp leaves game vs.
Rockies.
Could be a hamstring injury.
Y my enemies envy me got that from Pac !
Later going for a run..if I ever wakee up:O
are a laughing stock, thanks to Stephen Ross and Jeff Ireland.
I envy people who don't care about sports as much as I do.
finally ikr...but I'm excited about it...miss u and love you lots :
did you purchase your megaticket yet?
I love who u are ,I love who u aint...
: Oh please don't go We'll eat you upwe love you so!
RIP Maurice Sendak.
tx stories that connect me 2 my kids 4ever
Foraying into EAD with a trial run in
I'm ready to get the suits I want a closet full.
Congratulations on your new head coaching assignment.
They are lucky to have you.
Make the best of it and have fun!
there is a bee in the studio.
starting off WGTBWeek with a BZZZZZZ
it's a mad house
I feel like I'm gonna be sick.
cont.
Rotational lists  how they're used will b explained in RFQs.
sdp2p cont.
That's One Of The Biggest Lies You've Ever Told.
I think Rios is worse the Dunn
Morgan was out at home.
But we'll take it.
just finished watching snakes on the plane
I cant wait to do this Inception reenactment.
I'm not doctornk tonight.
Not one doctornk today.
:
RT : tomorrow I meet w the LoCKSS crew in Stanford!
yea for finding paths to collaboration!
my dog went to the groomer yesterday.
ever since she's been walking around here like she KNOWS she's the better looking one.
Gotta love all day sale meetings that talk about things we should be doing but can't because we're in a sales meeting.
oh gof this is so funny WY IS THIS SO UFNNY
RT : A8.
Once saw the entire business class section gave up their seats for soldiers being deployed
dude me too.
I like that this one was more linear.
I must have watched the US version like 20 times yesterday
Don't forget Finals Mania tomorrow!
May 1 at 9pm.
Bring your student ID for free pancakes and more!
Nothing beats just grabbing your iPad and heading out to the coffee shop unencumbered yet equipped to get real work done.
Wanna know who TonyTAt
Dead battery on the iPhone!!
I should be doctorving to The Lou for Arch Madness right now.
Le sigh.
Nim  Nem rehearsal, vocal/guitar/tamborine tracking for Thought EP, Degeneration X tonite  YES, day!
OBU Stand up!
Congrats ...It's just the beginning!
Faith, Focus, Finish
I know!
I used to read books on it and I swear we talked about it in class...
Elementary school must be so different now.
The SOPA protest is going to be insane!
Planners include
We won our catergory at the BE2awards.
www.biwtech.com for news on Best AEC Collaborative Application.
great idea
You still mean everything to me.
You're just not worth the fight anymore.
RT : Dont judge me for my choices when you dont understand my reasons.
not a problem!
Enjoyed the nice weather in Philly this weekend  hope you got to do the same in
omg i do!
she's like santa..
she doesnt exist..
how'd you know it was gonna be so awesome?
I think can tell the future ladies and gentleman.
Looking forward to your updates from
Also, my caffeine and Claritin haven't quite kicked in yet.
And I have gum on the sole of my shoe.
So, good morning!
How are y'all?
hello from chicago!
I'm Teaching About Sexuality To A Friend, The Virgins Are So Naive!
xD
Whats the coolest spell you can use?
So excited for the possibility of interning away from home this summer; can't pull myself away from Craig's List.
Charlotte see you in a hour and a half!
I did not eat enough 2day, that includes Pussy.
There's always 2morrow!
that's cute cause he came home to me :
Bin Laden's biggest mistake: Not reading his smartphone contract thereby allowing them to track him.
From now on it's payphones for me!

míng chirp of birds or insects, ring/gōngjī měitiān míngjiào/The rooster crows every day.
/The clock struck three.
At LGA waiting on my plane to Minneapolis for aam2012 Looking forward to meeting other aamemp 's
Putting news on the web, writing news releases...
I feel like a bonafide communicator today.
Let me see ur peacock!
3 Katy Perry
Thanks!
Too kind.
PS  Thanks for RTing same!!
I wish apon that shooting star that I could find this dog
only way to get better in my craft,
True, but Gronkowski was a rookie.
And it all comes down to this.
GO BIG BLUE!
GO BIG BLUE!
I want a guy to sing me What Makes You Beautiful by One Direction.:
Also if you buy 'organic' in a grocery store it means little.
Still subject to FDA regulations.
SmackDown yeah he did
you know there's trouble in Beantown when the Sox fans are booing their manager ....
Listen everyone, everybody has a fucked up bracket, you still got a chance!
I think they're too cute!!
What's everyone's favorite item in the Gold Collection?
pretty good : Yours?
haha all of them!!
Nice work Preparing for CISPA?
So, the teen pregnancy rate has never been lower; experts blaming procrastination as the leading cause.
What did you think of it?
Who was the producer?
Got 20 tickets to sell gotta uh sell five b4 da week over don't know how imma sell em all but imma get it or I wont b performing !!!
I'm pretty sure, given daylight savings time and all, that the sun is over the yardarm at 11 now.
Why do dogs get so mad when you blow in their face but stick their head out of the window in the car?
GoBuckeyes and GoFlyers.
Hockey and Football....
hahahahah thank youu babe : 3 but I'm working on the followers thing :
MLSScheduleIsLateBecause Garber and the boys are still watching the replay Tim Howard's goal.
thanks you so much baby!!
: my cousin LOVES her and would be REALLY happy if peyton follow me : :
As I went to bed at 11:15 that night, I realized that I didn't miss it a bit.
I miss hanging out with you, though!
What?
No Family Guy tonight for a Fox Anniversary Special?
Barca aide Melanie Conklin reports that the police presence outside Assembly chambers just increased significantly.
you love me secretly
Ahh, Im not sure if we have someone in that class currently but if we do it would be Maria PenaMorales.
If you see her say hi!
Getting my diploma tomorrow.
Yuh.
yep even more so, that's what spooked me at first, that's why I wanted to go slow ...
mistake on my part for being too wary
thanks for the referral to Gui at Atari.
Really appreciate it.
How are things going with you?
How to lower hc costs?
Invest in SupportiveHousing: the proven way to reduce hospital readmissions.
Stop practice of DischargeToNowhere!
Soured Clothes: If your clothes have 'soured' in the washer before you could get them doctor, wash them again with a little ammonia
We're working on getting Tringled out there.
Wish us luck!
Know any good conspiracy websites?
it is because our window to win with him is about 57 years.
could've gotten better at a different position thatll last longer.
whats up bro
I completely agree there my brother, and pour whiskey on pain!
Glad to see you doin some REAL country!
Interested in our afternoon intensive course?
Space is still available!
call 703522 0005
What's up with everyone saying they're real now.
That's such a cop out.
Everyones real just some people are douchebags.
HAHAHA, that's pretty adorable...
FML left ny lunch at home it was going to be soo good to
I love talking to on over the phone.
It's one of the only places I can talk about how funny a prez Obama is...
The laptop bag and goodies goes to...
!
Exhausted from a busy day.
Glad to finally be able to sit an do my devotional
It's totally refreshing
Good evening...
Fluttering a little, as you flutter.
Last week to get your 23 tickets to Elitch Gardens for June 20.
Enter PINKINTHEPARK in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
when a memmory comes into your mind every time you hear a particular song   call me maybe hahahaha :
: Wow, Allie..
That was pretty shitty.
truthhurts I have beer for you KW
What I luv abt following is 1/2 the time I have no idea what he's talking about...then i figure it out and it's even more hilarious!
Woke up kanina and I was like where is my bisita??
I mean yon nakiSO.
She's too early kung ganun.
oh the horror.
Let's hope that never happens.
excited for the caps game tonight...what can i say...i'm a fairweather fan lol
Rip to an OG Nate Dogg!
All dogs go to heaven
Looking forward to Funny About That with tonight!
girl I miss the prom!!;
That article is hysterical.
Thanks for tweeting it.
:
Ugh, realized I need definite pesach plans...
Anyone have suggestions in the DC area
good luck in your next fight!
Can't wait to see you in action!
I named my light switch 'Austin' because I like to turn it on......
Ok Manila is great.
We r going to doctorss rehearsal for an installation performance called Imelda based on the tour of her residence long day
My head exploded after trying to make sense of the last life cycle diagram although that may have been the point
Do You Agree With Your Facebook Friends Politics?
Not Likely
OMG what is that pic?
I'm so confused LoL XD And sorry my HP knowledge is minimal at best.
Nap time
its mee!
I still love myy ex boyyfriend but he was a real Jerk!
/3
not yet
hey punk wyd
Throw me a follow.
Thanks.
doctor Spanish
you guys are so amazing and talented!
If you followed me back...
I would scream and it's late here!3 love you!
I'm so tired.
lol i have a orange dot on my foot where he threw a highlighter at me
RT I don't know how u niggas can sit there and lie to each other knowing that u had .
I SAY LET'S CALL THEM OLD BITCHES UP
Isn't that what cable is for?
I'm only happy when it snows
thanks brother!!!
: Amazing job getting on the festival
Girl I know...I am the worst Twatter in the world.......Twinzies!!!
Last summer, I escaped from an asylum.
You know the three digits.
Bitch, you better dial 'em.
RT If you like the Google sign for mother's day!
If you work for Telemundo you get a ton of Pussy/Cock thrown your way....FACT
seriously?!
How does this happen?!?
EVERY team LITERALLY every team I hate!
Looking forward to seeing you and your entire team tomorrow!

I can't begin to say how much I agree w/this RT : If it isn't something you'd say in person, don't say it on twitter
True.
RT : Cleaning out/filing my inbox is so satisfying.
My interview at the TV station went off like the 4th of July!
Your boy's gonna' be on TV!
Details of when and where to follow my peeps!
no question follow back n check dm my email is
William A Raabe is explaining how US now has the highest corporate tax rate in the world and how that harms our economy and costs job.
electpavarini today from 5pm to 7 pm meet and greet at grump,s in tremont on west 14
Been catching up on bookkeeping all day.
Almost done, but sure don't like the outcome!
4 months with no clients  scary!
!!!
THX for the retweet and CONGRATULATIONS on accumulating 12,000 followers!
That is quite a twitter feat :0
If you take a toll road to work, try seeking an alternative.
You may be surprised that it is possible to avoid paying tolls.
on purpose : i'm a big old organic vegan foodie now
did you see all the fake politicians laughing doctornking out there dixie cups while childoctorn eatin outta trash cans
RT : I was honored to be with you tonight.
Thank you for moderating tonights chat
Need for legal reform to end violence v women
where are you beaner dancing lol
There you go, Matt Capps has a DIRTY FUENTES!
About to head home and watch these games
its only 10 30 and u talkin about margaritas
Baby !
Baby !
Baby !
Baby !
No like Baby Baby Baby Oh
New poll shows overwhelming majority of Americans believe Mitt Romney to be an awful person.
A truly awful person.
And mean too.
shrimp in the pocket, bonzai!!!
which I think is a problem with cbb.
Very unequal and difficult to break in for outsiders.
Keisha is so damn scary...I've never seen a person so scary b4..
true statement u tripping bro
you are sweeter 

You better have your homework done too ...books come first my man!
Just described a pair of pants as big bird, in a good way what's wrong with me??
I do tweet every blue moon lol
Do i have anger issues?
polo ralph lauren pas cher Lanzhou officials writer accused of ...
Things on your bucket list that I already did 127: Say FUCK on live TV.
Twice.
If you ever meet them in person, my friend they'll have you ROLLING ON THE FLOOR with laughter!!
HA!
Hilarious!
D
I'm reading Enchantments by Kathryn Harrison and having a hard time getting into it, though I do love the subject matter.
Shoutout to for voting for my song!!!
I appreciate that!!!
This is the year!
'Someone found a letter you wrote me on the radio'.
RIP Donna Summer
Who wants to be our 1,000th follower?!
Think of what you'll win: being our 1,000th follower!
Oh, and braggingrights at HHawards!
Please follow me jessica!
im a huge fan of yurs!
James Foster / Cincinnati, OH / web design  user experience / has a site at number 1 on teh google!
Oh you celebrate 4/20?
Congratulations you're to trashy to have a job that doctorg test.
Marilyn Davenport should B made an example of.
It's not appropriate 4 a representative 2 act in this manner.
C my next Tweet 4 a link.
Why always Josh Cooper and not the ADS' beat write Dave Boehler from MJS?
Hey!
Do you think you could bring the gauges todayy?
D:
when you keep chocolate icing under your pillow for a snack
but now I have a kureg.
my dad said at least it wasn't internal communications intracommunicator
Having some tea and caramel digestives before bed 3
hey crazy lady.
What are you filming?
Look what followed me home, ma!
RT : All my union organizing family couldn't be happier, I've been follwed by
Just finally got that damn tick out of Kisha.
Glad she's okay
: 'ever fallen in love with someone you shouldn't have fallen in love with........' Buzzcocks, right ?
ha..
no...
its just HOT again in TEXAS..
even my CHOCOLATE CANDY melted hope u dn't LOVE CHOCOLATE because I ate it all.
lol p
You betta check yo self before you wreck yourself!
Fact: being hipster is actually so mainstream now that it's not hipster anymore
crisis averted!
They are good again!
I asked for their number..
because they are away on assignment ...just playing their game back
Okay, I guess you're not an American.
you  friends:
I am a happy doctornk baby :c
Hey everyone please follow ñez !!!
:D
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
Ah that boy is mine was that song omg that was my jam
Libizcard experiencing tech problems.
Will be taken care of shortly
Bummed I let husband take my car because I am craving fro yo like nobody's business.
best dinner ever.
Gotta go 12 thermo!
hi there
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?
delicious delicious brisket
life is beautiful
Hold your breath, because tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again.
Don't make me change my mind.
i'LL BELiEVE iT WHEN iT HAPPENS...
2012WishList 4 Niggas that wear boots with cotton folddown tops to them....not to forget to tuck their balls
thinking of you bernie.
hope you get all you deserve
he's tough
of course!:
3/3 at 5 pm Red Star it is!
im seriously the fattest person ever.
Time going by so slow
Would love to have a job in entertainment just wave the magic wand and get paid that's 4 lazy people work hard and get paid studio5one2.com
How can it NOT be that one time when Simon actually complimented
GAHHH!
I don't know if I will be in VA or not but I would DEFINITELY be down
If you are in a library, I think its polite to turn the sound off on your phone.
I don't need to hear train whistles or song snippets.
Y THE SAD FACE
25 days alcohol free and I am starting to see what my doctornking screwed up
will be at the The Rock Shop in Brooklyn, NY this Sunday Night at 9pm!
Come ROCK with us!youtu.be/HeQrW4o9mlw
my meeting tomorrow was just cancelled, hows your editing going?
Caterpillars stay in oblivion so they can transform themselves into beautiful butterflies.
RT : Heathrow unveils Terminal 5 satellite  340 million Pound area will handle another three million passengers
They say your mind is like a powerful computer so be sure you upgrade data often and don't forget to dump your deleted items...old memory!
Evelyn From Basketball Wives Is A Bad Ass Chick...
Yes Ma'am...
It's freezing in this class.
Hey : thanks again for letting me know.
It's ready...
has some amazing meatballs!
that's our meatballobsession !!!
I'm starting the week off with the endorsement of Local 1447 whose members include doctorvers and mechanics!!
Cheerful Shambhala Day everyone!
happy now
you're a loser.
Dnt wanna lose over no dumb hoe
RT : LiNC Rob Tarkoff 1996  Viagra.
2001  Segway by Steve Jobs  It's hard to predict what's going to be a lasting innovation!
Quench your thirst with on 05.03.12 at the In the Art of the City event
wrapping up our first camprey here on weds.
our students and teachers are awesome!
I'm not quite losing faith, just giving it time to make up its mind.
on a brighter note...
now interning for Mares Management!!!
JUST LMAO!
Color your world happy with Color By Numbers ...
I will set up an online gallery to showcase ur finished artwork!
Positive weekend that included a lot reservation in Country Club Estates and a great time at the !
Let's keep it going!
The Rockies mascot is an animated, purple dinosaur.
Whaaaaaaa?
Looking for Oscar  
Your the key to my soul.
Ok thanks dear!
well crap.
At least it was the chocolate?
wait she was a facebook employee?
so, she's actually skilled and smart and chose to be the bachelorette anyways?!
My Saturday morning starts with fresh juice and bike ride to the farmer's market :
Which food truck are you most interested in?
Your site works fine usin a Mac with FireFox.
team fight at Cantwell, the entire team and coaching staff involved in a brawl.
Playoff bound Cantwell in trouble.
lol yeah that was funny.
so how r u?
quesadillas and homemade tortilla chips 
The few, the proud; the coupon clippers
girl hush
very much agreed !
Growling becuz of someone named amber
Back is fucked up.
I'm walking around like a pregnant zombie.
I hate being old.
Here in Bible college learning about empowered leaders...
Enjoy a lifestyle discount vacation 100 per night visit us

Warbler Woods w towhees, thrashers, meadowlarks, butterflies.
pretty day.
where's the roadoctornner?
Help them girls find beauty with out a movie or a magazine
VonChurch needs gameplay programmers w/ experience for A studios on both coasts.
I guess Kato is looking for a new place?
wish u got traded to cleveland.
We can use a 1.
Good luck in NE tho
To be honest I just want to sleep today.
And I want my car back.
Love is like a grocery store apple: look all you want but you will never find one without a huge dent in it Nobobdys perfectespecially you
's Sudarios opens May 11 in Mexico City in , and will be on view through June 5.
I'll do the naughty things you like!!!
that's wassup, I'm working and get ready to go back up to NY this afternoon
Aaaaaahhhhhh!!!
I'm going to Florida!
musicisFANTASTIC ;D
Had a great time at pm101 last week, thank you for letting me participate!
If was a brewery, we would make a Kim Jong Ale.
What flavors would you expect from this oppressive beer?
Oh, nice.
The most evocatively titled book on my desk at the moment is Midnight at the Well of Souls
Summer school imma be on my  !!
and what else am I doing today?
Things Target Field Needs: A song about MN to play after a win.
Cause U2 ain't cutting it.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see  Mark Twain
Oopsy!
Batteries at 10 on iPhone.
guess what!!
Cant wait to get back To WA and get me some XIPA
Hmong Village is a pretty exciting place.
You can eat like a king for less than 10.
A St.
Paul must see!
today is my best friend in the whole world 's birthday, care to give her a shout out?
I want today memorable for her!
Stephen  what's happenin' today in your world?
Hope it's something fab!
Just caved in to peer pressure and got TweetDeck.
Holy cow is this sweet!
How did I survive without it?
So.
tomorrow I'm interviewing a newborn.
Hope we can both stay awake and neither one of us cries.
haha, because when I went to florida it was the best place ever, so just let me pretend;
What a fantastic game!
Let's go, Knights!
RT FINAL FOUR!
So proud of Two games away from STATE Champions!
Gov.
Chris Christie marriage should be between a man and a woman or peanut butter and chocolate or caramel and nougat
Hey you all need any assistance over at Leaders1354?
I know a young guy who's interested
I absolutely believe that without a doubt, people ARE being deprived by the absence of your book.
hehehehe omg wait chat me
im crying.....
i couldnt figure out how to listen to the radio thing, i called 51 times in the last 5 mins and its NO USE!
D'
I can't believe I was crazy enough to take the kiddies to the pool again.
Shoot.
Me.
Now.
Brotha its Manning Monday, I can't wait to celebrate.
RT : We got this PM coming to DEN!!!
You bet Barry!
ROOFTOP ARCHITECTURE FILM TONIGHT.
starts around 7:30pm.
be there.
Nothing like a lil' late night circuit breaker doctorma, in the rain to boot, to get the ol' heart going.
Not in an electrocuted way, luckily!
ASK ME STUPID RANDOM QUESTIONS!
Off to NYC this weekend with the Kinetik team: Chet Haze, misterBrooks 3D, and Briggs G!
Oh yes, I've seen that look from Murphy Dog!
Flyline welcomes our newest client Elite Shutters and Blinds in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Thank you Susie for your business!
Already home about to go to sleep...
Make sure when you get the tattoo's, make sure you get them on the right knuckles: lolol
Channel surfing for boobs
That's my song :
Are you watching Dancing with the Stars ?
Would you ever think about being a contestant ?
uh scary!
What kind?
Bonus!
The Marin IJ didn't use that press photo you hate!.
RT : World Premiere of Milkey Halsted I Got It F/ Tia London Coming up Next!!!!!
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
Sacha Guitry
good one!
It looks like he might have kept notebooks...have you ever seen one?
Are you a A Developer with Console or MMO Experience interested in finding a new position?
yeap, will do 
Thank u so much ..lol I think he did too
Goodnight twitter ppl :
Dear , either keep me logged in or redirect me back to the page I was looking for when you made me login.
Thanks.
It's What Would U Do Wednesday at the www.knowledgesafari.com blog!
Blog reader Kathleen has a question for you!
Pets expansion pack for Sims 2 was my favorite.
I made more dogs than people.
That sounds like fun!
I love WV!
It's so pretty out there!!
I know you'll have a blast!!
:
hi how are you?
Forgot to mention John, Erik and I rushed lottery tickets for Wicked on Sat.
Erik and I won seats but John did not.
: It was a great show!
I saw someone post it on FBhaven't heard a sound of it yet but it made me dig out their 1st cd tonight
Had a whole tour of 42 salons for the Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days.
One Salon Manager told us that he did it in 10!...
SHOWOFF, lol
are you getting your mom anything?
argggghhh I wish I were there!
Are these movies accompanied by live piano players??
That would be amazing.
Someone just keep me company so I don't hurt these people!
x
Taken with a Canon DSLR
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight
I meant to say lunch not lucy What do you mean initiatives?
Sorry, don't understand.
Omg.
Lol.
I wanna see that movie so badly .
Good morning to everybody tho.
referred you to me for your Streak 7.
Did you buy it in the UK?
Love wifi on the plane.
But FREE wifi on the plane is even better!
Thanks American!
Sure glad I didn't give up beer for Lent!
Needed one after 13 hours at church
can't hang but c u tmister
The two segments for Hour 1 have a bad link on today's podcast ...
thanks.
realistically Sean Spence could start 10 also, smart lb, who helped keep the u competitive against my 'Noles
Thanks for your questions yesterday...
Sorry we couldn't get to them...
what do ya mean I've been on like erday!
th they were I was laughing so bad they ecused them of kidnapping a girl 
First I changed plans to see you ; now revised again to sell your merch.
See you tomorrow!!
whats a pink dolphin?
26 days till field season.
no school tomorrow:
This chick goes for swag fags ,I don't have a chance.
:l
u better be happy there is 800 miles twixt us right now....dear....or I would come up in yo sandbox.
Time ...
It heals us spiritually, but physically kills.
Heading to set in four hours.
Lined shooting script is locked.
JO
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.....
Ima be in Vegas Friday  Saturday.
Anyone looking to meet up for a business meeting?
In my mind, what I saw was bcuz of that was, they couldn't lead.
You can't lead if you can't adapt.
Motherfuckers need to shut up.
CBEADLES FACT: Christians shoes are mainly SUPRA:O
Those who find strength and courage to continue inspired action everyday after the initial inspirational moment are those who succeed.
I Had To Return All Those Cans Of Evaporated Milk.
They Were Empty
Thanks for the RTs!
Thanks Kelley!
Can't wait to see you soon!
Thank you my friends for your RTs, mentions
been a dorm rat all weekend...just waiting for to get off work:
The best way to be original is just to be yourself
Awesome fun day at the first comic convention I've ever been to!
It's fun even if you don't read comics hardly ever!
The Buggy Board rocks!
The perfect solution to not having to buy a double stroller.
A universal board that fits most strollers!
How are my darlings??
Hope you're all having a lovely day!
Xoxo Cat 
And there's nap
At Cinetopia Progress Ridge to see if I can get a refund on midnight Avengers ticket.
He wants to go Nurse Jill says no.
an you lol
Thanks Steve!
And thanks for not firing us from back in the day.
I'm sure we deserved it somehow
You're the parody.
RT : And now another parody account?
What the fuck.
Um, Humboldt Park is getting a music festival!?
Hipsters, what are you doing??
I liked it better when people feared it.
cc:
LETS GO CENA...
I love it!
I'm happily single.
Paula Abdul
It is not through dying, but through Christ's resurrection that a new and cleansing wind can blow through our present world
sorry!
come back!
I must have missed the tweet scrolling
Abiding....
always so needed and intensely vital to our life in the Beloved.
Abide, girl.
Delight is on it's way even more.
No one said the Road to Redemption was going to be a smooth ride.
31 SC  0 HU FINAL.
Man who got a computer for sale or knows who to fix 1
happy Easter!
who survived today's earthquakes?
Glad you're having such an amazing time!
I know you missed everyone!
Love you tons!
well said
from the bx but been in the roc since 02 I'm between here n maimi.
wht up tho
Is a don'tscoopthewire policy for news organizations outdated in the age of Twitter?
on.mash.to/tS19fQ via
I listen to LowStrung.net rock cello music for inspiration.
Group is from Yale.
This tweet is for fun....not legal info business!
Just found out that im not allowed in Canada anymore...Say one bad thing about Maple Syrup and everyone overreacts
I'm a firm believer Oo
I'm not the crying type though
I got a pair of suede Pumas.Within a week they were ruined 
American Deli it is.
I love Popeyes chicken nuggets though...
lol
stop trying to be liked and start being you.
I think is bored ..
And wants head..
GOODNIGHT to all that love life, world of peace sounds like a good nights sleep
fuck maintain boy i gotta keep ballin!!!!!
thanks for stopping by tonight.
Enjoy the rest of your stay!
Andi Smith EPA WA: We maximize flexibility, wrap natural supports around kids, and let data show us where the angst is in our system
Seafood enchiladas in Red Bluff?
I don't think so.
Now I'm glad you've got a broken heart, cause I've been trying to fix mine from the start.
hey good lookin: how've you been?
Thanks !
Gotta love those smalltowns!
Hope all is well in MN
Congratulations to on the Emmy Host Announcement.
It's about time they gave him the gig!
Great night of fun at the fair.
Now back to work.
S/O to my new followers , , and Thanks!
:
if that's what makes you happy then so be it, congrats!!!
I thought 50 Shade of Grey was a damn good suggestion
Posey is intriguing.
And NOT just because he's a
I must agree.
Research needed.
RT your mommy bloggers infographic SUCKS and is INSULTING in many ways.
Mortgage rates hit record lows again.
woohooo
I've been waiting for you!
go tomorrow so I can go with you please
Best activities for inducing plot point ideas: running, walking the dog, doctornking beer.
Guess which is my favorite.
Thanks for the RT and the follow!
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have.
The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
Agatha Christie
Let's do it, baby!
Same sensor as EPIC, just not as fast.
I saw you guys in DC so you guys also went to Richmond wish I went
I'll do all I can!
I have notwill check it out.
Thanks!
At OMMAGlobal?
Visit Tae and Derek at the Meteor booth in the social lounge to send ROI skyrocketing with
how bout them callers??!?
Nearly 1,300 people gathered at the Hilton Bayfront for the 24th Annual AllPeoples breakfast to honor doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
den get off twitter
thank you very much.
So the latest idea is that Im working on a comic book.
What was her reaction?
will she get one?
or does she feel too intimidated by the new technology?
Deadmau5 Video Game SlimFit TShirt
Think like a MAN
Loved a bit of van nistelrooy..
Not sure he gets in though
Me  the Wineauxs perform at JJ's wine Bar in Downtown Franklin TN Thursday night, June 2nd from 7 to 10
Yes, yes they are!!
RT The is just a week away....the next 7 days are going to be bananas
Thanks for the follow Stevie!!
I see, Layin low and outta sight.
Days Coolio, me um where do I begin.
I was dumped, over twitter remarks ha,
It's over 400lbs of steel hanging from one arm.
The math and mostly theory both add up.
I feel good about this.
I need to become a better steward of my online identity.
feel better Bug :
thats the best bet!
lol cant go wrong in oc
up 20 against the Yanks in the 1st:
Join on May 10th  11:00 at booth 5672.
The topic will be Smartphones and Tablets.
We hope to see you there.
Everyone I knew in CA knew the song.
First time I've had group who doctorw complete blank!
Well my day has offically started!
: 3
Tell more?
Had meetings in Webex, GoToMeeting and Skype this morning.
Maybe I'll get around to opening a design application after lunch!
we want some real gameplay clips tonight
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 14 15:00 in 3rd giants redskins nfl
move 2 LA
Don't be afriad of the crossfade.
Any man who can doctorve safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves  Albert Einstein
miss u too!!
is that because the Rangers won last night.
Watching The Biggest Loser with Viggle Tue  19  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Happy birthday to my bruda zee man
People think its fun to pretend to be monsters, I spend my life pretending I'm not.
The sight of Don doctorper air humping Justin Beiber on last nights SNL short was pretty classic.
Difficult to think that the Maya, with all their monumental structures, would reduce the notice of endcycle of 2012 to a tablet or brick.
What up half day?
Katie Simpson :
U gotta get the ground beneath ur feet partner.get the wind behind ur back and go out in a blaze if u got to.
lol not quite.
I'm torn!
I was leaning a bit toward the Webb...
Girls who come to the gym to walk on the treadmill  anything else ....
Save ur money and just walk to work
Swung at ball 4...
.
Your book is about a crosscultural romance.
So is mine between a Sherpa and American.
Beyond the Summit
By far our best ice game tonight in a 53 L.
Robbed a few guys.
Really happy for/proud of my teammates.
Gave it their all.
Sometimes you have to stop thinking so hard about it.
Just DO it.
oh its happened like 3 times before...
I need a hug
I Love 3
Your getting a little too comfortable.
LOL, m.
I've picked you up on the street before, bby.
Love the post!
My 2.5 yr old is so concerned about others feelings too.
Will I see you tomorrow morning at the Union?
if you find something you Love to do, you'll never have to work a day in your life!
RT : Wow...
People and this lottery...
: out sun bathing: sounds lovely !
I hate you guys!
amidoingitright ;
RT : Dear Firefox, you need a WAY bigger refresh button.
Sincerely, wiunion Agreed!
I will right now:
working with new doctormmers has got me all tired and stuff...bagel, coffee, let's do this!
social network thugnes is working for you cause you know you fear me in the physical form
I do, what style are you looking for?
Restaurant week!
Get your reservation for Salute at opentable.com!
Pebbling at the local Boys  Girls Club tomorrow  yeaaahhhh!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
346
Lmbo, So when u talk to'em play dumb  act like u didnt see them call'n  continue on like nuffin ever happen'd
When tweets I'll probably scream cuz he hasn't make a real tweet in a while...
Good luck to everyone returning to evacuated areas today.
You all are in our thoughts.
absolutely love doing that!
it's amazing how many shooting stars you can see on an ordinary night
Ditto, man!
Have fun :
Dear Favre, you suck.
thanks do much!
FileZilla seems to be the FTP client of choice.
Do you like it better than fetch for Mac?
Damn I'm tired from this benefit
check out , they have lots of helpful tools and best practices to help with that kind of stuff :
I'm second guessing myself...feeling like I should get a Boesch or Jackson jersey...what would you do?
You get what you give.
I have made a liar out of every male that has ever told me they dont give head....
But all this fool can say is you not ready for that...Oo
I think it's important to transition to a healthy lifestyle with tiny small steps like watch TV standing up or cut out 1 bad food per day.
Do you not think so far ahead??
Cause I've been thinking about forever!
aren't raspberries like the best berries ever?!
love them, especially with chocolate!
If you'd like to call us, we'll be happy to get an order all set up for you.
8889376677
: Sat down with editorial board  Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
Good discussion on savings, jobs, future...
No where to go but up
Nice that is showing where the Chorizo lawn ornaments still are at Miller Park
Sweet lil dude born a year ago today!!
Happy Birthday tweet for
someone text me,i need new friends,everyone here is so shitty!
Hella people at UNLV taking their SAT right now.
Nothing compares to doctor Pepper 3
Thanx for following!
There's nothing sweeter than a daddy/daughter love.
Expecting my first granddaughter in Sept.!
I dub you JR, cuteus maximus
G No man is worth your tears, and when you find the man who is, he'll never make you cry.
She rocks
AS WELL AS HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN.....
Best way to print is to select the cues you want to print, copy, and then paste them in to a spreadsheet or text document.
If someone wants to be a part of your life they'll make an effort to be in it.
Id rather a kickass weekend long relationship rather than a summer long relationshit.
There is a reason why Ovie doesn't get ice time.
He's makes terrible decsions on every shift.
Horrible shots poor defense turnovers.
I love Jazz!!
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Easter bottle hunt!
We will be announcing our winner very shortly.
The Social Security Administration reported Security Security will be exhausted by 2036.
I'll be 60 years old.
Sounds about right.
In order to see the light you have to know the dark,the hardest part of success is to succeed from others holding you back.

He want that green light special 
I do not have a grade for my Twitter 2 assignment in Webcampus, but I got it back.
Should I bring it in?
You a fantasy player?
You should check out our site  instant cash prizes, weekly freerolls.
the most interesting conversations seem to start with, we have backups, right?
Happy Women's Day!
We are so lucky at CWCC to be surrounded by strong  intelligent women.
Prepared all day for a 3 hr class tonight only to find we can leave if we're not presenting today!
Thank you November for a month full of memories.
See ya next year!
I was told today I've never seen someone with that piercing.
You look like a bull doctornking beer apparently septums arent popular in Dublin
Sports scags make Hollywood darlings look sophisticated, and that's not a good thing at all.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Winston Churchill
What is this talk about a crown?
Thank you for sharing!
Losing followers.
:' fuck everytime I go an hour without tweeting I lose a follower.
Fuck you guys.
oh no!
that's terrible :
Thank you for all of the awesome birthday wishes :.
The funny part is that they all came from people I actually know and care about :
thank you!
How have you been?
It's been awhile since we talked.
My parents worry about stupid shit like for a fb post about being hungry?
I'm so excited for the show!
HA HA!!
LOOK OUT!!
thnx for the shout out!
:
RT : The bus will get hijacked because that would be appropriate.
Celebrate Spring!
Making a chocolate cake today :
Football players got cute butts lol
Are u there
yes please c;
Happy Easter to you too!
:
Thanks for the kind words and the RT.
i feel sad that you're watching it...
dating shouldn't be portrayed as a competition between women.
If you voluntarily quit in the face of adversity, you'll wonder about it for the rest of your life.
An hour and ten minutes until
follow back please:
k bye
Realize da power u have!
Why do Dems support ppl lying on tax returns re: how many eligible childoctorn they have so they can fraudulently collect child tax credits?
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman
dont give it to her!
Hah and allen came up with that
you are fantastic!
I love you
I hate my school.
This weekend I've watched some fantastic movies.
My Week With Marilyn.
W.E.
The Iron Lady.
Loved them all.
Doesn't reading my mind imply I already know what book I want?
Does anyone need a prom doctorss?
I do need Bron to check Granger shit though
u ain't kidding!!!!!
I like to play tennis and golf
he hasnt text me back in a while, but i'll tell him
I love you more.
Oregon  mail in voting
T minus 23 twenty three hours!!!!
Till VAY...
CAY...
SHUN!!!!
Within the next 10 days I will be in cbus, san diego and VEGAS!!!!
Watch o ...
only cause you learned from the best!
Before THATCamp, nice to revisit the Newberry where there is a daylong conference in honor of Kathy Conzen by her students
Burgers, beer and a walkoff win at
wow I wonder how much of the 540M will be pumped back into
Just remembered how stoked I am to be playing with Before Their Eyes at Amurica Fest 2011 .
Taylor
did you get your id and keys from my sister?
i found them in my back seat.
raises hand RT : By show of hands who'll be at the Tigers game tonight?
Can I go home yet?
Experiencing a small issue with our Ticket Reservation services and working to have the Ticket Reservation process back up asap!
: False alarm.
Joe is a prick.
Sorry wonder.
That's what I thought asshole
Pretty sure y'all forgot but here's the reminder.
Idgaf who knows my business.
And that includes my sex life.
We are partnering with Seattle Fashion Week to benefit Japan.
Need samples and will give photo credits.
new Hair Mag UpDoZ.com coming SOON!
TeamQinTheCommunity starts here in less than 10min.
Any quality San Diego info you want us to RT?
Send us a tweet  we will feature you!
wishing for a happy end to
Home from Nashville  wrote two songs I'm excited about, and did a bunch of meetings  excited to see where God will take the book!
RT : Thanks for coming to ReadySetConnect  sharing your...
a perfectly good night ruined!!!
wish things were better
Maybe God will stop them...in his quest to rid the world of evil and sin
UConn has offered 2015 PG Jerron Love.
They join TCU, St.
John's,  Providence.
I fully expect a few more BIG names to join the mix soon
Good Afternoon twitter!!!
Cool!
Hope you have a great day!
I feel ya' RT : Trader Joe's Dark Chocolatecovered Pretzel Thins.
That is all.
YES, you can write Marty is a buttface for all I care!!!
One of our favorite out of state venues ever!
Thank u to all of 3065 Live staff!
Cant wait until next time there will be many next times
I love the hair ur true fan is here for u
Well of COURSE is the way to go  great beer, entertainment  food in !
U too.
Thanks.
Today's K atty tip: Visit a review facility before booking a documentreview in it.
contractattorneys RUN from projects in subpar spaces.
I couldn't find a fruit tray at Costco, any particular fruit I can get instead?
I know when to talk and when to be quiet.
Thanks for the suggestion, Twitter, but I don't want to follow McDonald's right now.
Please accept my huge apologies but the 'landscape' images will be delayed in being uploaded  should be a week or so
so whats up..?
: hope you had a nice day love!
Thanks for the RT.
Following the money is a good way to understand what's doctorving current policies.
fortunate enough to run into her, even :
Im watching it too!
Joline Blais: it took me thirty years to come home, to Maine  describes background in permaculture, organizing, new media
Who would be interested in a tweet up?
askdave will Austin ever come to NC?!
my mother is the best!
Tweeting every minute till 11:29
Most satisfying: Dogs breath steaming in sunlight  Winter morning walk.
Ryan Nyther LIVE  Close Up 2!
TONIGHT!
Oh how sweet it is to be a boston sports fan!!!
so..
what are yall thinking about Justin's tweet?
haha
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
In the Basement of the Ivory Tower by professorssor X fridayreads What are you reading?
Let's go Clippers lets go!!
What's everyone doing today?
RT: stuffing face at wingfest2012  FTW how hot can you handle?
Looking forward to it!
We hope the weather permits an exceptional outdoor rooftop experience!
Sorry but I don't think the top two results from American Idol was fair.
It should have been Jessica and Joshua.
That boy sang his heart out
The Welcome to Las Vegas sign now reads: Welcome to Hell.
If you lived here, you'd be home right now.
Getting a cup of Joe'sephine!
: and checking email before actual business hours!
I hate doctornken beer sweats.
This bitch besides me soaked my bed.
We can't control our world and what it thows at us.
But, we can control ourself and how we choose to react to the world around us.
Mary Mary reality T.V show ....
I can't wait
: i don't owe anyone anything.100
As you wish.
Is there anything you still need?
Love Curing Indiana One Pig At a Time Yummy!!!
gffchi So many great farm/local products
what to play at Sybil's Slack n Spin  any requests?
Especially from Sybil?
and that Lorrie's art show looks great at Mother Fool's....
You are so sexy
This week The Old Man's Picks at The Cover Two website.
49ers  Ravens prevail.
Harbaugh Bowl for all the marbles.
Siri, you can take the night off because I don't use you anyway.
Omg just saw this really huge guy doctorving a smartcar it's like 250 pounds of dude in a 20 pound bag.
Poll: Is getting overcharged 12 enough to call and request a refund?
that brewer clubhouse must be in a state of shock
I ball SO hard!!
are you ok?
follow to feel empowered for eco change.
She is one of my inspirations.
Seriously punk rock of all motivating women!
Reading up on alfresco  the extensible, open alternative to sharepoint with addons, or the poorlysupported alternative with poor UX?
Summer Fun
Figured you'd be at the Bowl HOFStud :
customer received inquiry about home he posted and syndicated on within 6hr in CA.
Fantastic HD Virtual Tour and neighborhood info
New construction, remodeling or replacement of windows or doors in Albuquerque or Santa Fe call Jeff Reynolds 3620529.
Pella SW.
Had a good night  good night!:
REFS ARE STRAIGHT ROBBING UNC ASHVILLE RIGHT NOW!!!!
Fired up Tip 732 open your mind  heart to others; try listen with compassion  connect meaningfully  it will fill you both
WHATS UP MY BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE FUK WIT UR GURL AND HELP ME PROVE EM WRONG...10000 FOLLOWERS IN 30 DAYS THEY SAY IT CANT BE DONE!!!!
WATCH ME!!
gives me this rush of energy to do anything.
I love it.
It's my best friend.
Go Music!
3
Tomorrow night we'll be debuting the Wild Thursdays PARTY BUS!
A free shuttle from Loyola  Boystown  UIC  Victor Hotel!!
Solid pick.
RT : spurs in 5
Have you visited the NAPA Employer Expo in 517a?
Great time to talk with practitioners!
AAA2011 open until 4 pm
I want to meetoscar this weekend !
I love chimpanzees 3 
Sorry  My bad!
Obviously couldn't type properly yesterday  also had been working on script all day.
Enjoy Animal Kingdom!
I danced with Alex cause he begged me to;
Did you know: Raw on USA: Last Monday, Raw was the 1 show on cable tv, beating all the NBA playoff games on TNT!
OVER THE LIMIT12
You should never play with someones feelings
Goodnight everyone : 3
Shower time !
Ah , excited about tomorrow !!
Taking a hot bath, with a pot of tea, candles and watching Life As We Know It.
IM BOUT TO TAKE MY AZZ BACK TO SLEEP!!!
Hunger games, book 1, day 1.
222 pages in, and going strong.
Forget about losing balls...
I just lost my doctorver head in the woods
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to your tweets!
Am I the only one that's totally psyched for the Tebow/Lin bible study sessions??
And a BIG shoutout to the clever and talented folks in the UK for the ff.
Everyone go check them out, please.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
miss you to wahh come visit!
We're off to for the Experience Snowboarding event!
See, ?
That joke's pretty funny.
RT : Put It Down.
I want to dance to My Best Friend by Tim McGraw at my wedding.
T Internet fails more often than it works.
cutest little birdie ever!!
A little shocked that ANYONE could be naive enough to wonder if it was real!
My nephew LOVES those!
lmfaoo im almost out of this class then ill play with you !
;
Advise to runners: If you go from 80 to 0 miles a week instantly, lethargy ensues.
gorangers RT : Fired up for tonight.
Already warmin up in my backyard.
Radar gun gonna read mid 80s.
Let's do this.
Go rangers
I just wanna be back on tour
On my way to Union Park for May Day march.
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough.
AMEN RA IS KILLIN IT WITH THIS FEMCEE SET!!!
stream live at power983fm.com
I come home after An amazing weekend, and was told that my 17yr old dog had passed away.
FML :'
in my decade long search for the train ringtone from my LG flipphone of years past, i finally had to mail support.
soon.....
Finishing up Thrive Lunch then we're all heading over!
RT : At Wausau Business Expo come visit if you're int area!
good morning ashley :
Follow   Exclusive Events  Beautiful People
Trayvon Martin case won't go to a grand jury, says special prosecutor.
AskBieber will you be touring in virginia and what inspires you ?

Grow where you are planted.
Proverb
I have a cake is my possession that is the equivalent of a heroin overdose to a chocolate lover.
Eyes red as fuck
I Would Tap Ian so hard ...
Lmfao.
Women will never equal men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
RT : Matt  what was the head count at the celebration?
Can't honestly say.
1518k?
2025k?
IDK.
will be undergoing a renovation.
Renovations will include a redesign of the lobby, restaurant, and guestrooms.
ChurchClothes Going Hard!!!
S/O to that dude  then for hostin!
RT Taurus don't talk their business to anyone.
Tonite was a great nite...
s/o to the homee for putting it down for his album release party...
check out as well!!
uh huh.
I'm looking at you the same way they did.
69 days until summer!
48 school days!
we can do this!
Increasing social capital...
Appreciate my friends they are always there, u know who u are thanks for the support.
Taking a break on the new release Rome,next yr man.
Of course I am going to vote for him.
I also convinced 25 people to vote for him also.
thanks
Next up: Remy Peritz on EPIC FAILURE.
What's your fav spot in the firestonedistrict?
Hey :D
Thank you to all the fab moms and dads who enjoyed and thebigmeal yesterday, for supporting childcare at the theatre!
Gosh the cemetery was packed...
to all the mothers to have passed away Happy Mother's Day!
May you RIP.
There are only a few things that truly belong to me: Who I am, who I was, and who I want to be.
Giving out complementary ZICO at Fiesta Hermosa!!!
Come by and try the chocolate!!!
Brand new flavor  oh, so god!!
;
yeah!
What do they know in their short years of life experience.
And all that I can give you Is an open door, All in all, it swings too lightly You won't beam through there anymore.
couldn't agree more!
By the way.
Luv me a gamerchick  a sports chick greatest woman alive
do you belive rookie Yates can guide this playoff caliber Texan team the rest of the way there
Let Shlomo and Vito's take care of your Super Bowl Party with great game day deals!
Call today and let us help set your party off right!
Girl!
I completely forgot to stop by.
Next time I'll come find you with the curly hair do.
Keep me in ya prayers please.
you will !!
no worriess !
Anybody know of a great car for sale on Maui?
My car was hit while it was parked on the street.
Total loss!
If anyone wound like to send me love letters via email do so now...
Talk to you soon ;
i love you on tvd
haha nice now you can tell Benny says they used excessive force!
Hey boss.
FYI, my unit in MPLS will have an opening for you in Nov....justsaying LOL!
Dorothy Parker!
Stegosaurus.
Triceratops make us think of that pile of poop in Jurassic Park.
Rembrandt or Rubens?
Iron Chef: Peanut Butter
to our new friends here on twitter, please help us to get more followers!
be blessed!!
:
all recovered from cinco de mayo?
L.A.
weekly calls FTGU an unusually talented and seasoned ensemble cast Come See Getting Out 7pm at Lyric Hyperion www.lyrichyperion.com
/// Too much Gucci Mane.........not enough Most Def.
I guess she got a DUI, scraped the side of a cop car, and ran from a cop when he was writing her a ticket :/
I can't do this all on my own, no I know i'm no superman.
god is in the details.
v'chamat hamelech shachacha.
Do it.
Then we should adventure to vegas..
Nick can play craps, ill play roulette and you and Mark can talk to strangers.
Indeed.
You?
Hey there trying to add you too but won't let me
Its impossible for me to lay down without falling asleep .
Cena referencing the Pens to be relevant.
He's a good face but man he's a ripoff of the Rock
ya just try out everywhere
we call our repub equivalent racist with a parliamentarian background in German.
Follow back please :
right now my bro is asleep
To all mothers if no1 tells you today let me be the one...You are strong, loved, important  most of all beautiful have a Happy Mothers Day!
The kid my friend likes is moving down the rode from me.
Redefining old Chicago meatpacking district, aquaponics pioneers raise greens ...
Washington Post
Just so happens we are the SAME PERSON.
Today is awesome.
When the kitchen plays songs that remind me of ...
: :
Don't play yourself..Let The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee do that..poets..indie musicians.send me your hottest MP3 s.
listen on Fri 2p
thanks I'm on it right now.
When get the time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Thanks for the RT and great to see you sharing PBL resources!
I am about to attempt to pull a Setting up an awesome youtube account right now :
Keep tweeting!
Love it!
I still have JB Mistletoe as ringer!
:
well let me know about what time you think on like Tuesday.
You make pretty things, that's for sure!
A good designer in general is needed!
Feel free to iMessage me.
:
this weather  better be good tomorrow !
Im SO SORRY Sweetie
PJ has introduced me to music I wouldn't have listened to, they've been there through good times  bad, they've given me reason to travel.
as usual your discussions inform  Rosen's comments open an important discourse on choice and Republican values.
you can do it!!
Hi Coree!
What 70.3 did you sign up for?
girl, do you not know we don't love these hoes?
Great start!
54750 after level 2 having started with 30,000.
Biggest hand was flopping a full house w 44 vs AK on KK4 flop.
At TOCChicago, great job putting this conference together!
please get a chance to look at this tweet.
your very inspirational.
thank you for the stuff you do.
please notice me  follow!
Sincerest sympathies go out to the people of Japan.
We can't even imagine what it's like to see one's home washed away.
Man...best sleep ever!
A2: Love Tiger's shunning of traditional media.
Hate his antiseptic attempt at fan engagement via social media.
I can make calls right now
Good night my lovely twitta friends!
God Bless you all.
Mwuah
let me fall back, you aint ready for all that'
Backwards compatibility is one of the best features of the Web and we wouldn't want to break that.
Plus OT too!
Thanks for bringing on this week, really love how both Will and Mari know the process of brewing
holla at me in bout n hr...we wont be leaving our place til then
yay margarita monday!
Happy April Fools day.
Don't go to hard and get arrested
Awesome find!
Also love the vintage twist on some of your designs.
Thanks for posting.
in the house!!!
I'm not OverlyConfident I'm just OverlyAwesome at pretty much everything
Good point.
At least he realized what he was doing was abhorrent.
Unlike so many others.
Advertising, digital, and creative writing.
The first two pay the bills, like the bills for my jazz guitar lessons :D
Clearly, walnuts are the brains of the nut family.
please feel free to write about it.
I love empowering people to get their doctoram job.
We should love our jobs!
Tell I said she got a fat ass!
Housewives of Orange County love the Andora 3D Molded!
Tamister visits A Perfect Fit in Tustin, CA to try on our best selling bra!
Bike Night tonight at !!
On a side note, I do love me some cold, artificial apartment air.
The Westin has THE most comfy heavenly king beds ever!
thanks.
I work on the use of food for war and peacemaking during and after the American Rev, w/focus on Native Ams.
slaves
SXSW Music is something I never take for granted yes!
soaking it all in.
Celebrating tonite in front of my TV watching IU basketball.
At the airport.
Headed to Dallas for Delara Dance's annual Black  White Ball.
Getting warmed up for the TX Salsa Congress in March!
As much as it kills me, this moment has to end.
God willing, it won't be the last time I feel like this.
she'll be safe.
do you think you could find out tonight so I can let the owners know?
And we can do it this Thursday
Not true.
You just know not in love RT : In order for you to be over a relationship you have to hate the person you had it with.
Leadership training in the professorssion is all upper level training, not untraditional leadership role training.
cxo The most ironic thing ...
WOWing people isn't that hard.
It doesn't take much.
too lazy.
it's a updo kind of day.
Late night seven eleven run badbitches Tehehe we' re so bad
Don't forget if you are a broker to go to www.in.gov/pla to pay for your renewal after you get all 16 CE with www.TuckerSchool.com!
I'm down!
Can you FB message me the details?
RMG was part of CBSFreeFM.
We stuck w/em since.
A solid show every day, funny, topical, in the wheelhouse of a zone listener
I saw it, but dude I already use IG and for real I do not want to start all over again, it looks cool tho
then get this: china abolished time zones so in some parts it's 4 AM and in others 9 AM at sunrise.
Looking for alternatives to YouTube?
Try Shelby.tv or VHX.tv, which also provides video feeds from your social networks.
let your tweeps know how it is!
yes do so  let me know.
hey girl, not sure if you already know, but I've been getting some spam messages from your account.
Is there snow in Baltimore today?
I don't see any.
Production  Gator Softball, Choreography  Harvard Baseball, Freshest Moves  Gator Baseball
Didn't think I'd be starting this powerpoint with a picture of Public Enemy, but here we are.
Primary care pediatric health centers embrace a medical home model because it's good for patients  families.
We will be playing with our friends Bombshell and Damsel Down on Saturday March 31st at a new venue in NoDa called The Chop Shop.
amen to literally everything u said I could add about another page but u basically covered it haha
It's a real Real Estate type of day today.
Thanks for the shout out, mister James!
Father : You are an idiot, son!
Son : Of course
I think So Too Kandi...Love U!
stay tuned for info about DNA day at childoctorn's hospital of wisconsin.
I'm so mad has hardly talked to me since he left 5th Ave.
But I must agree with my sis you did look great tonight
I'm not stalking you, you just need to stop putting everywhere you go on facebook.
By the way I like the color yellow on you.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga  Lowndes Counties until 10:45 AM
well yes.
That is different.
It is now my home.
Weird.
One of most beautiful hotels in world is Marina Bay Sands Hotel  Singapore.
Thnks Ps.
Lawrence Khong and FCBC for this wonderful gift.
Oh snap I did
Excellent!
Good to see Mortal Storm especially breaking surface.
Too many people only know the movie, if that.
I usually don't like dumb portmanteaus but Rombie is pretty good.
Question: Why did the band members allow the turkey to join????
Answer: Because he had doctormsticks!
LOL!
My turkey day humor!!!!
RI takes on CA tonight in the first round of the US of Improv tourney!
Support your state!
he hot
gets into law school and thinks he's
If I'm Floyd I'm staying off the ropes
Cristina and I are working during the voice will somehow kindly tweet us Justin's big news please?
:
India: Hey guys!
Remember the rule: Ladies first!
partyy later in our plaza...go partyy parttyyy...i got the moves like jagger...:P
Dear kim kardashian, this is you without makeup?!
Sincerely, wow I didn't even recognize you!
:0 mylikes
GREATEST THING EVER
no pics till it's on site.
This Thursday or Friday.
It never goes away completely, but it's not as bad as it used to be!
:
The last few months have forced me to learn alot about myself.
People that don't believe in God.
No comment ??
: oh wait your bf might see this
lol.love you too  shivering
Just fell asleep during the national anthem
Watching StompTheYard!
Columbus Short, DAMN, DAMN, DAMN...fine young specimen there.
Another one of my Crushes :
I'm such a twitter whore
COME ON MAN!!BoiseState would lose by 34 td's if they played either of these teams.
they're lucky they got UGA week 1.
5 facts about how lazy I am..actually..I'll do it later :
Arts much?
Seeking poets, writers, readers and actors for our 2012 series!
Congrats.
I couldn't wait to be done.
I had the option to stay and get my PhD but turned it down.
Wish I would have stayed now
Auditioning for the Arizona Opera Company March 19.
Nobody buys Nutella and actually has it sit in their cupboard.
Perhaps this is what piggish people say to ourselves to make us feel better.
can you speak tagalog?.
: Ask yourself if what you're doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow
yes, I am currently studying Shamanic Tantra with we use what is called Elemental Touch.
It is amazing.
My soon to be husband is turning 30 in one hour!
Love you
Vision Fact: Your eyes account for up to 85 of the knowledge you will ever learn
My birthday is in 11dayssss33333
where r u today?
Use an underscore for spaces when other Jive members or content, to keep the popup open jivetip try it...
Die, Landoctor Fields.
Die.
Biggest question at tonight's city budget brief?
Will the SDPD Multicultural Storefront and PSO's stay?
Answer: Yes
Tell that mick he just made my list of things to do today.
Haven't done the FF in a while.
So here's a hot and bothered FF to my ..
a sexy saucy minx with a huge brain  big heart.
Can you guess which state has the highest overall tax burden for entrepreneurs?...NJ!
if u read this, FOLLOW ME :
Even better!
Jealous.
Join us Wed, Feb 22, between 410pm for a Fundoctoriser at Buffalo Wild Wings in NE Philly.
20 of food bill will go to a team of your choice.
Delta commercial All airplanes are the same FALSE.
See Virgin.
Hey see ya tonight?
For real RT : This rain was out of nowhere
I certainly approve that tweet!
MassMkting is not an efficient way 2 build loyalty as no more than 20 of a client base will likely be loyal Micromkt does build loyalty.
She tryna be like me lmaoo
I got u ; One of his rare sessions that made it on vinyl!
Was just thinking the same thing.
Looks like I won't be crossing win the lottery off my bucket list tonight.
On the bright side I did have one number right p
dang you rap good!
Lots of  listened to  by Beastie Boys in my stream right now
Jake,I love you3
No vote will create uncertainty  Bruton.
Which is worse, certain fate or uncertain future?
Germans win WW11?
When you have a boyfriend but youal dont talk!!/3
If you enjoy spreading rumors just because, fuck you.
Kill yourself.
im Watchinn a movie n a foriegn language...WOW!
so readyy to get on that bus !!
My girlfriend is the best.
I don't know what I'd do without her.
haha I can't wait until I can start goig to the pool again lol
: RT : agree : Every day is a good day when you run.
via running
Congrats Ryan Braun!
Let the best year ever in Wisco sports continue!
It looks like my family is gaining another lady!
doctor Hutchins is having a baby girl :.
Oh is she going to be spoiled!
Damn.
I just realized Edward was only using Bella so he could stop spending all his money on his actually heroin.
I hate that I miss you.
I hate that you forgot about me.
I hate that you don't want me.
I hate that I still care about you.
If Minos could turn things gold you would've had a perfect tweet on your hands.
Still friends?
Friday nitetrolling Target for plastic easter eggs for a neighborhood hunt tmister Yeah that's right don't pretend you're not jealous...
Guess the world really is ending in 2012.
God I'm so poor.
Does anyone want to buy my soul?
I also accept donations.
When your please say a commandbutton goes off in class.
New Clean Energy Source: Moon Dust!
Some of us think holding on makes us strong, but sometimes it is letting go.

What was for dinner?
Soup?
Sandwiches?
Salad?
imagine Samantha replying to teen, texted, questions about sex?
Roadhouse for steak
Spend time loving and caring for all parts of you...
sup bros
IM THANKFUL YOUR ALIVE!
it means more that youre okay.
I freaked out when Amanda told me.
I was about to learn to doctorve 4 u lol
Thank the lord for family lol
Yep, and NaNo participants often can get one free printing of their book from program sponsors.
1/2
Reading Breaking Trail A Climbing Life by Arlene Blum
Enjoy your lunch!!
:D RT : Lunch with jason and devin :
When is it?
I roll VIP with my camera.
lol ok cuzn u can have em I want a
doctorpped off some new Monument Circle tees to today!
Men's is asphalt color and women's is a heather purple.
Get there!
Just remember you don't have to be what they want you to be.
M Ali.
Sometimes you have to change a job or move to be the new you.
Worth it.
Oh, did you think I was joking or something?
Man I'm MoreSeriousThanAHeartAttack right now.
SEXY CAN I ?
3
Schools Open!
Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets....
You know it's summer when you hear the Ice Cream truck!
I am wondering where my combative debating style fits on the cardigian continuum cardcont !
Will restrain myself better next time.
Folding laundoctor's the worst!
Takes so freaking long!
Just finished reading The Sirens of Titan by Kurt Vonnegut.
It was really good, check it out.
More causes: no early victories, Singapore, tendency to blame allies for doing nothing, role of Lord Halifax, lack of boasting about heroes
really ?
you decided to quit tonight?
Man that makes me unhappy.
Not that I'm any happier with blackberry fail
Courtney is like the Grinch who stole TheBachelor season from
Picked the nail out of the grater  ate.
My toe hurts grrr :
GoGo.
Heads around the world will be mourning the loss of Chuck Brown today.
He will be missed, but NEVER forgoten.
Cowan's innings looking worse now
Tomorrow every Senior in MiamiDade County will be at the beach.
Including me lol
and what a way to end with I will always love you
Haven't worn these shoes in a while.
blisters ouch 
Creepy, dirty men at gas stations seriously tick me off.
Close your mouth and quit looking women up and down.
Jessica from Texas says Party in my room at 3am.
Clothing optional ;
ya don't say!
I had no idea
just like her momma..
:
.
show at the Entry w/  co was such a TREAT!
So much fun!
Hope they'll be back soon; guaranteed in a bigger venue.
Get out of my room!...
lol
Jon Lovitz has the heldhostage look on his face on Fox now.
Just worked out with .
Look out ladies.
is it me or does the keg chocolateale taste completely different than the bottles?
I want a bottle of wine and a scary movie!
Now now now.
C'mon Kansas!
But this one is yellow.
3WordCommencementSpeeches ron paul...
ron paul; ron paul.
FF Thanks for the follow...
Yooo that's dope your at Hot 97, very happy for you!
figure8 saturdays r back !!
1 entry, 2 doctornks And 15 pitchers.
If u wanna b at the hottest club in atl, B THERE!
What up JV
Have you tried/do you like BBQ pork?
I know a great recipe for the crock pot :
Just to tease him lol when I first saw it I was dying
spangerseyeballs at crotchlevel askin everybody walkin by if they got any moneythey got no class, just no class
follow me back cause i can't DM you if you don't follow back
I totally agree.
Whenever they begin to have reunion shows I balk.
All contestants r new to me though :
doctorving range in March?
I think so.
wat game u tlking bout ha
Man hasn't this last 5 minutes of the game been awesome???
Great job doctorving change and transparency for consumers in law sector
Boarding at gate L8 and the flight is, in fact, late.
Cotton tale designs Mosquito Net, Lollipops and Roses Guide  Net ...
im not b der doe lol
Rock Star!
Have a great gig.
RT Rockstar day for a cause...
It's a fine thing, to be able to help...
I mean I get it the Force game is what rules now, but when they know me, they know I won't physically accost them so ????
SMH
Following on twitter is cool, but don't hang out too much on their street.
Following IRL is stalkerish lol
That moment when Google search suggests Ira Glass divorce  your heart irrationally leaps.
Just finished with an awesome ref.
interaction!
I got to nerd out about infographics!
Obvs we looked at
: I don't care how old I am; This is the freaking ice cream truck we're talking about.
we've got a few of those dives this weekend also.
Good luck to ya man
Dear all males in my life, stop being such chicks.
Sincerely, confused female.
Top Contenders: Nashville, Austin, Houston, New York, Miami, Atlanta, Chicago, San Francisco
Fan Fest!!!
I'm in Kelso.
Say goodbye to tha Haters Errbody wave..
Just got 1000 beautiful new CDs in!!!
Did you buy one of our Manning Tshirts?
Post a picture of you wearing it on our wall!
We would love to see it
Nathan, I would love to be your friend!
pretty much the same route Iowa to Vancouver  staggeringly beautiful!!!
what if halle Barry felt about me the way I do her
Real Rap the mixtape coming soon
ha.
even better
yea but i think we gonna b ok, 2ma is the day
Eating turnip greens at the elliston soda shop while my brand new martin is getting set up next door.
Life is good.
Did any of you catch the Avengers this weekend?
How did you like it?
My review of the movie is coming soon, too!
October 2, 1978  The Yankees, who were 14 games behind the Red Sox at one point, defeat the Sox 54 in a one game playoff at Fenway Park.
Been workin all night ready to go to sleep
because I suck that's why 3 uhh macro is in the morning, I have the micro one at 12 too doe.
I think we'll have time.
lmao awe yeah you so famous boiiii.
you're welcome!
: I'll always follow a Hanneliator!
Even one of San Diego's most iconic hotels can use a facelift sometime.
Check it out
something's telling me to leave but i won't, cause i'm damned if i do ya, damned if i don't
OMG MUST ℱℴℓℓℴω  and she will help you gain 1OO more followers within minutes!
HURRY and
RT : We're live Tweeting HOT Topics w/ doctor Matt Tocheri talking about the hobbits of human evolution.
Using hho!
Ready?
Go!
Cairns birdwings.
Giants among butterflies.
Sweet and merciful haysoos, thank you for finally giving us one day off.
Please don't rain.
damn, 200lbs is only 85lbs away from where I'm at!
:/
I don't care to be good, sheriff, I care to be whole...
I will not sent you sailing if you came here to doctorve...
I want some trail mix...
The doctored banana, raisins, peanuts, and cashews kind...
Andd...
A tropicana orange juice.
And a banana...
And...
Good afternoon luv Sunday's :
Tough Mudder say what??
Were gonna die!!
It sounds to be funny and coincidental.
Not average of all penis.....just the average of small penis
Thanks very much!
Glad you like the idea!
Future's Album Is Decent Tho
I wish I were having the kind of week Jason Kipnis is having.
The receiver is as bad as the thief.
hehehehe glad you did.
Woah...I really hope that crash didn't have anything to do with it.
Scandle after scandle...Hm...
All government workers too.
Reason to have a small Government.
there's nothing in this world that can prepare you 4 the fury of 3 kids wrestling each other 4 the last slice of pizza
Starting another round of fertility treatments so if I sound grumpy on twitter for the next week please forgive me!
3
Hi JR
Okay guys need a little help here, which is better Pro Tools or Logical Audio for my home studio?
good eye!
Download my iPhone app, Houston Criminal Lawyer.
I'll always be on call at your fingertips.
ok, my last tweet sounds like something my grandma would say.
My Health!
seems very simple..but so many people are not as fortunate!
RT: Let's have it!
Today, I'm grateful for !
More than 200 million Americans have joined U.S.
Do Not Call list.
at
Spiekermann announces next at ATT Stadium.
jk
Men dont need to make up up for their natural appearance hence no male makeup
he's a scaredy cat
What's good to eat and trendy Portland way?
Im not going to mention names but there is this one girl on the side cam for the weekend show who is irritating the hell out of me...
Just how many times can you read, rewrite, and still find errors?
I admire the professorssional Writers out there.
They deserve more credit!
yeah literally read ur blog everyday  love that u guys are able to post interesting content daily during the lockout
yes, she just told me she's a blank check client
Who's using that as a platform?
Enablement  grow by letting them prosper, give business units the support and flexibility to reach goals
when it is real,you can't walk away!
THKs MUCH!
Plz keep spreading the word.
If you've read Christakis'  Fowler's Connected you'll believe we CAN reach Obama!
Chemistry class is going to be empty today :
all night of studying here i come
Back to the office just in time to catch the end of sachat
Bigger the risk the bigger the reward never gone kno if u don't go for it
A good deal of Hospitals in Ca.
are now allowing staff to vape while working, and on premises.
1 more victory for the vapeing community!
Perhaps you should reconsider your choice for the best man?
Really like when a doctor rants about sunburn and pouring cement when theyre inside of my body
3 bad offensive plays already
RT : TONIGHT DJ DJ IN THE MUTHA LOVIN BASEMENT....SPECIAL TUESDAY NIGHT EDITION...NO COVER CHARGE , doctorNK SPECIALS ALL N ...
http://
We can demand an end to political stalemate as strategy.
Diana Aviv, CEO of Ind.
Sector.
Pregnant women need help trying to sleep.
I have an idea for them!
Who wants to sell something cheap to make, ideal to have?
2712
thank you!!
I hate doing tests with a pen!
i was thinking the same thing
Dude, I'm leaving right now to your home!
Health Tips: Recommended dietary allowance amounts are far too low for fitness enthusiasts
Planned Parenthood should get nothing!
cant wait to be back
thank you for telling me where to get it !
lol im going to have him sign it for real
follow back
99.95 for a year of featured listing, Only to twitter peeps!
3 words for the beautiful girls out there.
Dont..Wear..Makeup!
Your beautiful the way you are.
Feelin oh so fresh  superfly Happy Wednesday!!
Hey baby I think I wanna marry you 3
Thank you!
If gop nominates romney, there's a thirdparty conservative run, right?
Bachmann?
Come and get into the spirit of the holidays at Gibson Library tomorrow at 10:30 a.m.
as they present a holiday movie!
My inner gay is dying.
Using Flickr to Collect Images captainred on Cell Phones, great for presentations about field trips with kids picts.
But I don't want them to grow up like me and do the shit I do.xD but I'll try to be a groovy momma jamma ;D
Happy Birthday who had or is having a birthday!!!!
haha they will!
Cuz they made millions off the last one!
Looking for anyone who's struggling with credit card debt and you think Pres.
Obama's plan will workdoing a story on ABC5 at 10!
S/o to my 323 followers but i need more!
Sitting in the huge public library of San Francisco: 6 floors, free wifi  computers everywhere, very impressive!
Brewer with the Dagger That should be game
ME AND MY BEST ROLLIN UP SOME OD BLUNTS EVERYDAY
Glad to see the site is getting hits from the google search terms Brad Pitt teste and Lady Gaga with a dick
: I don't fall in love often, but when I do, I fall hard.
Like toppleoutofthecloudsandhittheground hard.
I retweeted per your request.
How about a follow please?
RT if you're proud of austin :D
Holy crap this guy on americas got talent is fricken amazing
well just have too wait and see how this all play out Peyton thing and the 49ers are interested also too
Smh at people saying 'If I Had a Gun I would kill Justin, Selena, One direction, etc.
You don't have to like them but please respect them.
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
This stud and fem both look like patrick from spongebob.
One with a white tee and the other with a weave and tank top
: I want one of those bags!
I hate not having money!
RT NH legislature voting to repeal gaymarriage I'm getting married in fall, bring 90 people who have never visited NH
Quit tweeting your feelings.
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and doctornking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity Voltaire
Time to get out the Kilz and redeux my patio set!
Happy new years y'all !
We love all the fans and supporters
Random dude off of State St.: How many Mark Wahlberg pictures have you seen?!
Sounds great!
Forget to mention that if you checkin on Foursquare or Facebook you get a Free Duff Beer!
.
It's an issue for the whole movement : What creative ways might you find people who want coworking but don't know about it?
sounds amazzing!
Call me up baby.
Bahaha
What a day!
Headed to to relax!
Nice!
Been there but it was frozen...
4,000 followers is sneaking up on me.
Neat how that happens!
Keep 'em coming...
dude when are you coming by the shop?
I have tons of new product just sitting here waiting for you to play it
I thought 36/late 30s?
I've done that so many times, LOVE HER BLOG.
And the Prince obsession.
And the Black Hollywood
You shouldn't be eating that.
It's bikini season.
She always got that hair over that one lil eye FMU she needs to get that fixed
get over yourself, you're not any special or brand new
Yessir!
See ya in few!

Yo!
Things are good in The 'Ville.
Keep up the good work.
Follow him!
There's another one out there where a woman gives birth to candy.
Shit is getting weird.
Fairfield, Connecticut bound for the weekend to visit and Entering Stags country.
RT : Student loan debt isn't just a bubble  it could be strangling public service careers in the crib.
explains:...
We thought so too!
Have you read the books yet?
CGQ tomorrow night Saturday in Burlington Iowa at the Washington
Pastor used a 'ism: When the tomb was empty  Jesus arose  BALLGAME!
Sin was paid for and death was conquered!
: I have to post this recipe.
There is something about spicy  sweet that makes it so yummy!
pls...I can't wait
Imma be playing Diablo II up in this bitch
dm me please
This.
Has.
Been.
The.
Longest.
Week.
Ever.
.
.
I think someone blocked me!
I love it, just saved me from unfollowing her annoying tweets.
dude I really miss you.
You need to get back in the city like now
So many changes in the NBA.....
I'm looking for a new team to be a Fan of.
aw shit i forgot to doctor my work stuff.....
I wanna have a Thunder watch party with my friends, I think I should get this plan in motion.
:
Autospelling fail: Our studies build on a number of desperate research spaces.
Moving blogs from typepad to wordpress.
Wordpress is SO much better for your legal blog or site.
Upgrade yesterday !
I'm eating taco bell for lunch because loves it and I miss him.
Pathetic?
or adorable.
It's a fine line.
I don't think we will be too loud
you crack me up girl!
You are accepting personal discomfort because perlz do.
I have this visual of u getting slimed!
Trying not to act suspicious when passing police even though your innocent.
It's a Negro here with a song called Stop N Go
When you have a relationship problem in business you will need more women.
Brittingham prefers to help grow womanowned businesses
ErvinFan RT : I am so excited for tomorrow because the playoffs are finally here!
A broken heart is blind
I love when people lie to me especially women because when I find out the truth and confront you mouths doctorp like they saw Jesus.
you might simply be the dumbest bitch ever
Day 2 of the Dell Worldwide Imaging Summit in Singapore is underway!
Already received great updates from Pong Fei on new products
I don't care who you are or what you do, I'll respect you 'til you give me a reason not to.
Denzel said: betta b lucky I don't cut ur fuckn dick off and stick it up ur ole funky ass
Listening to the super sounds of the 70's.
whats up with the hoopers in the wilmington area.
fill me in tweeples.
besides new hanover who's got talent?
it was a glow stick I had in my hand lol
holding back on ACADNAS backup till other problems clear up
How can there be a twohour wait for a table for two in every good restaurant in williamsburg?
NICE :D
Ash  Congrats.
Your posts have credibility, and your method has rigor.
Please keep it up.
I hope you are right!
:/
We're covering the Supreme Court recount today.
Anyone planning to volunteer or observe?
i paused my movie to get on twitter i need help
Malice with Nicole Kidman and Alec Baldwin was the 1 movie this day in 1993.
...
ROFL finally remembered to peep the vid you sent me.
LOL at that cumshot.
That would be crazy lol
You will have a blast RT : my first steeler game this year.
Stoked.
Haha smart ass.
Come over after school.
Bought some 2ci off a guy.
It's pretty good.
:
Very nice picture.
Very natural.
HA you know what i meant!
going tubing today with my family: goodtimes3

Thanks for the mention!
Thanks!
Yes, I tagged him the doctorwing on his Facebook :D
Holy st!
What a crazy day!
Welcome back Chris carpenter!
That must kinda be how it looked when Larry Bird did it.
Where the laid back girls, that just chill in the summer?
Cant find em.
almost as fun as sitting next to Tiesto on Friday and Deadmou5 on Saturday...
The sky was blue today.
The barn was red today.
This was the best game of the tournament today.
I definitely hear your reservations.
I love days off work.
Now only if I could have no school.
RT : Follow These Great People:
I will stop talking to myself in grocery stores.
Eventually.
LOL.
Stop beating around the bush.
How do you REALLY feel?
;
Dear Financial Planning Coalition: Please don't bury the lead in your email updates.
Warm regards, Bill
Fun app you should check out called Viggle.
Get points for watching TV.
Already snagged some neat goodies with points.
IIHF US/Canada On NBC!
I'm excited to watch it!
Excited to have a date night w .
If u call, text, tweet, or wolf her tonight I will beat you!
I won't tell!
Enjoy your fish!
of course 
Watching Harry's law and wow Kathy Bates has BALLS!
Love it!
: Georgia/ is rockin KAConnect2012.
Love that she's talking about design and design thinking.
thanks!
RT : Ive got my shovel....
I'm going after it, BTW, love your girls names!
:
Maybe not today, but perhaps someday...
:
damm aint been on twitter in a while
damn damn damn!
Ill be home in san antonio and I return the 30th.
Somebody stole the sink from the new daisy's outside bar!
And Mat Stover makes names the pick
okayy that's the one I've always had anyways haha
MOST definately.
Best thing going during daytime for sure.
INSANE
Seriously, people: I would be shocked if Santorum doctorpped out before the Pennsylvania primary.
It doesn't make sense.
work it on me?
You can fall from the sky, you can fall from a tree...
But the best way to fall, is to fall in love with me
Tennis all day!!!:
the new J.J.
Abrams show picked up by NBC sounds interesting
Thanks for following, appreciate it!
cools its not for me, two out of towners are staying with us and while they are ok with being doctorpped off at LAX 12 hrs before
Thanks great session dscoop6 I will start using some of those social media tactics today even at 7am your on your game!
Looking forward to the memories of right now
I got a new puppy!
:D
Something needs to be done about that!
My idea  NBA should have an amateur SD competition among best street ballers nationwide
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.
Horace Mann
Thai curry?
I'm fine : you should sleep!
Wow, only costing 30 facebook creidits, can we view 20 moives via facebook app , google TV device ot Apple's iPad tablet.
I miss you and us time.
You and Frozen Yogurt sounds so good right about now.
People treat you differently when you are carrying 22 naked Barbies around in a box.
Haha, thanks for the mention on philcast.
Didn't mean to spook you, will work on getting the wife to listen also!
YouWereCuteUntil you started to show your actual self.
Top back Middle finger , mutha fuck the other side .
I'm seriously concerned Kerry may be killed
Shea McClellin doctorfted by Chicago Bears
Oh really?
That's so cool, where do you go to school?
Espinosa!!!!
double for a scoring home run.
So the bigass grower tells me, You have to put it under lights 18 hrs/day.
Sorry; I will not contribute any more than I have to to SDGE.
Glad you made it to TEDx.
I know I'm looking forward to hearing the speakers.
Glad Zimmerman finally has a competent defense attorney!!
VERY necessary for the scales of justice to be properly balanced!!
hey, your buddy from jersey is coming to stump for you.
Empty middle you are my companion today!
Man it was a long week, but I know it is going to pay off.
Oh yeah, it had a big, fat typo in it.
I hate that.
: I think I said You are sweet.
Move to America!
idol in 6!
Nervous!
Don't wanna see anybody go!
thanks for ruining my evening.
Ever hear of a little piece of technology called the DVR?
In any event, it's infinitely more detailed on tax reform than what many who fault him for not doing reform have offered.
The Constitution guarantees us the right to be safe and secure in our own homes, as well as the right to be secure in our papers, etc.......
RT : mister Wonka, I am a teacher of geography.
Oh, well then you know all about it...
work..
Then Ratatat!!
I keep forgetting to pick up my shirt I ordered weeks ago!
Are you guys at your new location yet?
I need to stop by!
Timing is everything when it comes to asking for questions during a presentation.
Bob Pike
Marc Great Kickoff event Carolina Learning Connection last evening at Atherton Mill.
Lifetime Learning at it's best.
i watched some of them today and it just brought back so much memories haha
really?
Hope its just misunderstanding
Spendin time with my Dad.
Just watchn him trim the bushes..
I really cherish every moment...
He is priceless...
20ThingsAboutMe 9.
I love to travel : I try and go everywhere that I can whenever I can.
Cat Stevens was right; Crow just crooned it more recently.
I hate when someones taken and they try to come flirt with me unless you're Justin Bieber then leave.
We only chase the cheese like a group of mice, summer time in Hell eternal paradise
uh huh ass super soft she made my dick hard i put in her booty then she slobbed dick nutted on her that shit was a glob
What doesn't kill you makes your stronger3
I Can Handle It ;
was that the same ref who missed the push off at the end of the first half?
its old song LoooL
School sucks...just two more days!
FamousLies We don't need to market our business!
Embroidered polos, shirts, jackets, hats screenprinting too!
www.shirtguydirect.com
: Double death with Jenny free 
HowToGetRejected ..if yo Breath Smell like Belly Button Juice!
You gotta go Bitch..
Ltheanine, amino acid in the tea plant, has all kinds of benefits, including effects on brain waves and better concentration/relaxation.
You have to speak to be heard, but sometimes you have to be silent to be appreciated.
Boy you'll be the death of me, you're my James Dean, make me feel like I'm 17
IM RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT PATRICK JAMES FORD VOTE FOR ME PAT FORD 2016  PAT FORD
And the eagle has landed!
Home Detroit Michigan DetroitFitteds lol
my wire came off my braces :
Umm no first is Sarah and Second is Sara :
why they do politics for votes?

LoL little risque but only other option I had next to something far from sexy....i took a chance :P
What Ron Artest say?
Or am I Gunna have to watch it in the am
what time
Happy Friday!
RT :
hes prob dancing to sexy and i know it now hahaha Oh Bieber
Getting my Kronum tailgate on at 230, watch for the pregame show then game time live at 5 on Kronum.com
wish I'd thought of it sooner...I'm on my way to friendship heights now!
Hey did you get a haircut?
No, I dyed the tips of my hair invisible
doctornk for the fun.
Sing for the taste.
biology test; done.
yeah., that is a pain.
Reverend Raven and the Chain Smokin' Altar Boys play tonight  7!
Come get down with the Rev!
When Bynum brings the ball below his knees, chalk it up as a turnover.
decided to play the 2,500 PLO yest.
bagged up  110,000 to end day, resume today at 2 with I think 17 players left.
9 pay, 60 or so to 1st
wanna pick me up?
good vibes being sent :
RT Q3 What skills do IDs need for designing access to content?
No problem.
Good Luck!
.
Ha.
Indeed!
Already too late for me.
Save yourselves!!
Discovered any sick San Fran bands??
Congrats to the winner in the Charity / Nonprofessort sector: Outreach for Humanity!
Need help?
I'm a bad ass MF packer!
when your parents friends bug you about boyfriends...
no; i dont have one and never have.
so stop...
We can do that!
But if you kids want matching jumpsuits, you're barking up the wrong tree.
I want to do a girl just to say I've done fish.
Can't believe said that tonight.
please tell me we see the baby...
haha convinced two moms i was a boy.
all in the magic in clothes.
some thought i was justin bieber.
;
AlexandoctoraVA Bike and Pedestrian Action Committee, 5/19, 9 a.m.
bikes to DC to try out Penna Ave.
and 15th St.
bike lanes.
: It is always bitter sweet packing my bags to leave Chicago...See ya soon Phoenix.
So glad I got two hugs!
See you in July.
Lol glee, Dinosaur Prom !
I really enjoyed your Chase interview but was taken aback by all your tweets during that time.
Automated tweets seem impersonal
I think I'm allergic to the mornings.
I truly, madly, deeply wish Savage Garden would get back together :'
That's hilarious!
like you
will texas score again this half?
The United States of America, home of other countries/cultures unwanted/unappreciated holidays
My pleasure!
It was very relaxing.
:

That's a great idea.
Heritage travel.
I'm sure there are plenty of people with stories to share.
Your Irish show was great!
What good day!
So many dates on my calendar it looks tattooed .
A great big thanks  twitter hug to for doing that testimonial for KUSC.
Muah, chica!
With each day that passes, my boxer Meggers gets slower  more tired.
I hate watching the downward spiral of my best companion
its the sunny weather
Thanx !
Hope all is well.
seriously...
that and Somebody I Used To Know HAS TO GO!!!
both are trash.
Thanks for an amazing Day 1 of ur Digital Mktg Boot Camp!
Look fwd 2 tomorrow!
I guess on second thought Wood decided not to be 'that guy'.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 25
Being alone isn't fun tired.....but hey I'd rather him tlk to me even a lill bit
come on benba
Define irony: Needing your glasses to find your glasses.
Fighting high gas prices by riding the this weekend.
LASD summaplans travel vacation 
Don't wife a hoe or cheat on a girl who's wifey type
RIP Steve Jobs
RT : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
Napoleon Hill
Lorraine López read wonderfully this evening at the Folger Library from her story Sugar Boots.
Sitdown dinner afterwards, and sat next to
Let the games begin!!
Thanks!!
I figured you could identify...
:
aye just being real.
Lol
afuckinggree.
once upon a time, there was a little girl who didn't know how to enunciate her words and would ALWAYS make some up
easy come, easy go
Love him..
Dear John is one of my favorite movies.
Have an eye for word jumbles?
Here's one to test yourself with, kecsheaecae.
Come into USwirl today for 50 off once you've solved it.
Nice!
I like the play on words ;
If we were following you and r no longer  us we will follow back.
My I.D expired March of last year
pay attention avg women, when you buy Victoria secrets underwear you will look like a super model to if ur that dumb
Tnx for the follows, mentions, and RTs!
Happy Holidays!
And, pick up a book while you are on break.
It will do the mind some good.
:
: She likes to blow me, so I will never blow her off.
Once again EW!
xP
I have enjoyed your service but this price hike is unacceptable.
I will not be renewing.
LOL.
i got plans
He don't understand Y we do the things we do...um guess he never had what we got :/ JealousyIsNotCute Stop Begging you look AMess.
LOlz
Adding ...
to the end of a text can make anything sound like you're pissed.
Yeah, it was really good seeing you...
just turned off the sound on the brewers game and turned on party in the USA.
2 immediate hits..
;
Trade Press is working with a client on her social learning blog.
What knowledge do you have to share?
TPS can help.
My family plus a librarian party  me doctornking white wine and lots of it.
that's what I'm here for!
; Haha.
Rainy day...
good time to listen to some music on Simmons Radio!
is sad.
Did you miss the lecture More Secrets of the Grimstead Room last night Stop by the Metuchen Library 1st Sat bet 1012 to see the real deal
HAHA great read!
TwitterAfterDark what would you do to be Foreverfly Lol
fund raising for non professort Upward Transitions Therapuetic Horsemanship for autistic childoctorn and Wounded Warriors.
RT : If you are reading this, follow
man Fck finals!
Everyone knows it's flu season .
.
.
don't forget it's always virus season!
I'm in tears 3.
will you notice me !!!
: made my weekend, love u!
yes sir
He is Risen!
someone just wrote I had a sneaky suspicion about that.
Oh.
I would take you back in a heartbeat!
I text you all the time cause I'm still crazy about you!
IfOnlyYouKnew.
QoTD: Assert your right to make a few mistakes.
If people can't accept your imperfections, that's their fault.
correction, got a C or better haha
The day is anew and this is the first day of the rest of days!
ACTION beats trouble every time!
GO FOR IT!
Right guy, wrong time.
Right time, wrong guy.
New guy, old lines.
Old guy, new lies.
: May twelve angels guard you while you sleep.
Maybe that's a waste of Angels, I don't know.
A majority of college students, I read somewhere, don't know how search engines work.
It's more crucial than bibliog formatting these days.
right On!
ahahah: No problem!
808Pride dont ask me how u look girly cause u no ill just say
They are what we call Ballin.
I'd take another Superbowl over an unbeaten season.
M.M
Thanks Romke!
Stay tuned for an upcoming Adworkers Happy Hour.
RT :
I got 99 problems
Look Into My Eyes And Tell ME What You See..
Thanks for the RT.
You're the best!
Heading to: Resident Scholars, or, Bolstering Your Teaching Core After the Rapture with
Thank you to my fans!
Holy smokes!
The Tweaked earbuds are totally worth it!
Thanks again, !
Does Ashlei Shannon live in your jewelry box/closet?
If so, WE WANT TO SEE PICS of you rocking your pieces!!!
tag, tweet, email us!!
Is that even a question?
:
q2 Translate content into activities
Nice work on A4..there will be more vids to come from the campaign.
Game of Thrones.
Oh my god, Game of Thrones
Good for Paul Wulff.
Wish that guy nothing but the best.
u always tryna bake on da low ....I'm 511
So very true.
I love the first 9 days after birth.
They sleep, the eat, they snuggle, they curl up.
Except for reflux  colic
PLANS FOR FRIDAY???
No school for me today :
Norm still has a massive mancrush
Time to study : I'm gonna be mean with the books today.
Anyone up for a game of speed chess after?
or football?
CAN I JUST SAY.
That at least we lost to the team called The THUNDER instead of The fat little NUGGETS.
I'm ok w/ that.
Three days until the BEST.CONCERT.OF.THE.YEAR!!!
Blessings will flow, anointing will come down!
BE.THERE!!!!!
Where da bad bitches at?
Where ya hidin?
not insensitive to glory
Soon, allow a very psychic person to tell you what your pet animals think about the most, and also about what they like and don't like.
Love calling people out on their bullshit
how long do you think they can keep the state school out once the state starts paying for that building?
first and last time i doctornk that haha
wow Facebook is being retarted
Inter scores an own goal!
Schalke up 42!
yes.
Yo, pick me up a double double with grilled onions and animal style fries welldone plzkthx
FindSomeoneWho won't lie about absolutely stupid shit
is killing it
Today I feel like doing what the tall, long haired asianlooking guy from The Black Eyed Peas does: Nothing.
Ugh, frustrating.
I knew I was going to be out at a movie, so figured out how to preschedule mine on Twuffer.
Give it a rest already.
Protect 2nd AmeRT : Maine: Efforts Being Mounted to Have Park Carry Prohibition Reconsidered in Committee!
Do you really know if you could defend yourself in a violent confrontation?
aye..ya'll know what time it is.
Posting on Twitter that you were at a Strip Club Oct 12th  really?
MKTG 101  image is everything : Working on genealogy?
I need a hug!!
urgent ...
I can't read this.
for the follow
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Probably the only person excited about waking up
np Home by Michael Buble...
can't wait to go home for the first weekend since Xmas break
she is laying on my pillow so I will pet her
Because it ended yesterday.
now I just have an excuse to keep seeing it!
I am already going twice in June!
Did this person look like they really should have realized what they were saying?
If so, they probably did.
Wish I could travel back to 2005
i know this isnt impossible so ill try cuz theres 13 million beliebers and im just one.
so can you please follow me?
tonight is the season finale of WHO WILL BLAIR CHOOSE!?!?
WHEN WILL SHOW HIS FACE!?!?
i hope your talking about mahomies and not a girl...
:c
The Hollywood claim to fame of the town I just left is that both MILK MONEY and HARPER VALLEY, PTA were shot there.
Thanks, Abbey.
The Foundation is wonderful.
I'm officially joining PRSA tomorrow, and will look for you Thursday.
I love that attitude Koz!
How long will Lawson be out, if at all?

Thanks , Very interesting
General Constructors is now up  running on TWITTER!
We are a General Contractor  Project Management Company serving Abq.
surrounding!
Heat start with 4 turnovers in the first 5 min and 1 shot for Lebron and 1 shot for Wade.
You show 'em who's boss!
on God ...
Every time all she said was They calling bout Tay go get em lol ...
Awesome day for a run.
Madonnas Truth or Dare
2nd undefeated WI team to go down in as many days.
Tough loss for mubb.
Led 130 to start game.
Ugh.
Sproles is just fun to watch play
Bourbon.
The good stuff.
My hair is an absolute disaster.
I haven't heard much complaints.
Those people clearly haven't been to a previous jamboree..
okay thank you!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Followed : x
ohmyGod.
Austin just got signed.
AAHHHH!
If you want to hear that, then trend GetAustinToTheTop10 come on:
thank you!
thank you for the job you guys did on the CD wallets!
They turned out great and you gave me a quick turnaround.
Harold Cory archcd.com
Not good for Illinois bball.
Turned down by another midmajor coach.
Wonder what would happen if they tapped Simeon coach?
It's not the situation.
.
.
.
It's your reaction to the situation.
thanks for the follow Kelsey!
Hope you are doing well :
okay stop mentioning me.
Lol I'm so bad!
Goodnight loves got a long day ahead of me tomorrow blessed doctorams!
J got a little better.
The afternoon has gone smooth.
Hope ur day got better too.
If you haven't had THE SCHWARTZY brisket sandwich from , you haven't lived!
I have no good ones
AH CONGRATS GUYS!
Gotta like the Skins chances going up against a cold QB though
David Lee You have to be deviant if youre going to do anything new.
Going crazy overtime isn't letting me finish my hw so it better me worth it!
in need of a new name!!
FF longtime followers
yes.
yes you can.
learn how to clip out already.
and until you do, don't try to brace yourself on me!
sheesh!
you see how u came at me none of my real friends would
I'm bored of the office.
Love to connect and talk about 5 Twenty Studios if you have time....
Where I once saw weeds, I now see chicken feed.
well the MkII was the best camera I ever owned up until my MkIII arrived.
So far it's proven to be a worthy upgrade.
Don't try to be all things to all people.
Find your niche and speak to it.
Thrive in it!
From the future!
C'mon Gilbert.
Let's go to college.
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur amazing: followme:11
oh my im deformed.
Just got to Ocean City for some fun and well deserved relaxation
I legitimately just set 8 alarms to force me to wake up tomorrow.
LIS768 was the best class I had really embodies what he teaches.
We can meetup  conferences, though!
The Wire is a good showSomething I should have said years ago
to much basketball and to little money!!!!
Wow comisterde!
That is straight out of the Soviet Union circa 1955...
Who could that life possibly appeal to?
Let's play the blame game.
That's that new new ...
While I ride dat tongue.
Jack dat dick!
following beautifull woman
Here we go again...warm up for the Cardinal  White.
Need to be ready for the puck doctorp at 7:05
just did first run in 5 months.
short, slow but fun.
strange that i went to colorado for cycling and came home wanting to run.
guess it's no secret now.
always knew you secretly wanted to be a hippie despite ur love for chocolate covered bacon
RAANngz baby..I got next on the pic..
FREE Playoff Pep Rally tonight at South Side Music Hall at Gilley's Dallas.
Life Beyond Earth.
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Herman Cain
awe thanks : and it's bout 80 today!
There is never enough Tina CohenChang and on Glee.
NEVER.
im a die hard RedLeg but the Braves are my number two
I'm starting to feel a little sorry for the sons of Gaddafi.
Can you imagine the family dinners?
hey follow bak:
Yay!
I love stretching my ears!
716IN.
:D can't wait to have my Day Of The Dead plugs for xmas!
Without music life would have no meaning.
I gotta say with the follow just for oneliners...oh and redsox stuff too, if you're into that sort of thing
so sitin here butt ass naked and dude shows up at door i open he all sweaty and gose just wanted to say u got nice ass so random aint it
I was so stoked last night when I hit 10K tweets
RT : An overturned call gave Philadelphia possession on a fumble recovery, the Soul hold on, 6155
bot time DAMN IT!!!
I don't think I every wanted to see this much of Don doctorper's process.
Get her wet
can you take shots with simultaneously talking to me probably not
She sure doesn't like diaper changes
Dinh mentions Günter Grass as a model.
Of course he was in the SS, so that's not the best example.
Best epic moment of the day: texting my friends about ninjas.
Haha freaking love it :D
Trying to get through traffic so we can and get to the Tin Caps game on time!!
The show must go on...Bryan Putnam continues to show us his multifaceted talents by jumping into the title role due to illness
um not sure..I think we should just be careful if we ever go into a club/bar with them when they come back
Lucky!
I still haven't found out where Ryan went who worked there.
He was the best!
Mayyybeee I will be happy although this once...
;  Xoxo ;
I'm really hoping to hit the Phish lottery!
Spac and ac.
4th of July would be awesome.
Fingers crossed.
We must have it!!
Bring us the precious!
MT : Not quite in DC but has a cheese cake shake...
Being the first person in school gets kinda boring!
8O
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 2
Thank you kindly for the RT!
InCoopWeTrust GO BOBCATS!
Sweet Sixteen here we come
yeah, well try running with big boobs.
NOT FUN.
I run more than a mile 4 times a week minimum.
Laying In My Bed.
.
.
lol cause she would of been lien her ass off
no in Houston.
I will be working in my hometown for 2 wks  wanted to see how the club operates.
Best Lyricist of AllTime is ?
Retweet with your answer!
yeah its dope as fuckkkkk.
Make like a series of similar pieces with interesting people
The good news: I found a 20 off coupon code for ordering flowers.
The bad news: It was a 22 fee for same day delivery.
Ride your bike  don't mind what the other people say.
Watching the guy working on the top of the new One World Trade Center.
I can't imagine being that high up and just climbing around like that
no prob homie.
Have a good day!
because they're awesome!!!
2k12 best sports gm hands down
: at least you have one good one!
haha omg.
chris!
Someone fill me in on what happened at the show please!
Is it me, or do crickets have really shitty taste in comedy?
I will!
she says hello back;
Its social media first, and everything else
feeling the need to sleep
RIGHTEOUS CALL
...Well how my new body, it shines.
Somehow your blood makes you blind to our divide I am all yours.
why did i take nyquil before writing this paper?
Geo, thank you for creating the boys, without you I wouldn't have been who I am today.
You guys have changed my life forever.
with wow
lol columbus.
Ill be intown like next week
thank god we never need to meet these people
Food provisions were immediately sent up the river to those still on the journey.
Sony DCRSR88: Evecase Black Digital Camera Pouch Nylon Case ...
I guess it would depend on the point of split.
Like is there a parallel you out there?
There may be a parallel god too.
If a double dip recession is so bad, why did they make it sound so delicious?
How many slabs of ribs do you think the Babe would have eaten?
How long did it take you to make the bow!!?...It's amazing love it:
How do you cultivate a social media community  not just gather an audience?
ENGAGE!
Anyone up for some ultimate frisbee?
Pretty good up until these 3 long papers were due
Aren't critical analysis information texts, close reading, writing arguments, and using multimedia all in anybody's nat curr?
Bored as hell ..!!
She is a cutie.
have a sweet tooth?
pop into your local losangeles orangecounty costco and grab a bag of our newest flavor on the shelf, sweet potato!
they are called arborvitaes.
Can easily pick them up at lowes for 35 a pop
what's up.
music www.kingbabajames
Sending warm and fuzzy love to The shows are brilliant!
Could get fired for LOLed!
tomorrow also and the 23rd.
See ya round.
Thanks to everyone who donated over the weekend!!
We raised over 500!
i just missed the old normal but oh well to the heck with that :
A really busy person never knows how much he weighs.
outta doctorg money....
fuck
Hahaa!!
Ahh, man...I would pay to see that...and the look on the person's face after you did it!!!
:D
lol yeeuh i should probably go get packed and get off the computer...........
haha..
Yawns Good morning!
Oh West Side Story you get me every time!
Times my be different but have things changed all that much?
Wish I was lifted right now
Congrats on the sbj40 inclusion.
Well deserved!
only 11 days left till TROMADANCE!!!
Join Troma and James Gunn, Ti West, Tony Timpone and more at the 13th annual FREE film festival!
Competition provides spice in life as well as sports; it's only when the spice becomes the entire diet that the player gets sick.
The Brewers do an absolutely fantastic job with various promotions, giveaways, affordable tickets, season tickets options, etc
At comfortdental waiting for rancid mychemicalromance blink182 with so excited!!!!
This scanner wants to do EVERYTHING!
: Refuse to choose!
thank you!
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
I knew who/why you mentioned!
I used to love Dan Cortese and the Rock  Jock baseball  basketball games :
hahaha.
This made me laugh.
I've rubbed off on her.
55 seconds left
paint fight in art!!
now time for boringg ass german class!!
Anyone attending libmade planning to participate in 30doc or having their library participate?
Thanks Kansas City for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
The portland rain is back
I would like to thank MyDealBag Chicago for follow botting me.
Cut that shit out.
check out 2night for the WOD awards after party!
hit up fot more info!
and get on the list!
ASAP!
RT : Data visualization is HOT.
And here comes Bieber.
I'm not even kidding.
What a great show!
Loadin today and tech starts tomorrow for ONE TIME, a world premiere production by Chicago playwright Richard Lyons Conlon.
Paolo: GRAZIE to you!!!
Welcome to Albuquerque !
Rest up, enjoy the hospitality and the awesome childoctorn  schools!
i have a spot.
im looking for a roommate 1200 the cost deck 6.
early dining
If it means I get to eat those adorable cupcake popsI'm in!
just saw video of a friends son playing the piano.
he has taking lessons for less than a year and has mastered the instrument.
bravo!
YAY I know Leslie will take care of you!
Just checked out the site.
Love this awesomeness!
Awesome job!
Do the back of the bus boys take requests?
school starts in an 1 hour and 30 min...i am nerves but exsited!!!!!!!!!
fridayreads Carry the One by Carol Anshaw.
Man, it seems great thus farexcited!
Being shortChillin in the trunk with
Aspire to Inspire before you Expire...
TGIF!
Lots to do this weekend!
Gym, BWAY show, hot tub with friends, study...
ALLGOOD!
Back at ya'!
WE Furniture Deluxe Solid Wood Desk w/ Hutch  White ...
LOL Thank you..
That makes my day cus I hate my freckles.
They are all over my body.
that can't be right, can it?
11 and change hits to the head per round, incredible!
You can take the reporter out of Massachusetts ...
Amen.
RT : FACT: Pink spatulas can't actually screen for cancer.
You know what can?
Doctors at Planned Parenthood.
Hit me up if you've figured out how to run on adoctornaline all the time.
It is Monday...7 more days until break!!
REALLY need it.
Well I never seem to make ppl mad at me I can never do right all I do is make them ignore me
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein
Gorgeous Gals Have a great day!
XOXO
thanks.
Please don't.
Thanks, Keith!
You're the best fanboy EVAR.
/cc:
better not go home tonight on
All most done downloading my free movies thank you free Wifi lol
Yes it is!
Only ghetto people fall asleep in class .
And the reviews are in from Cannes, Moonrise Kingdoms premier was a success.
Not that I questioned it, glad my friends enjoyed it, jealous.
so excited to spend the six month marker looking for bridesmaid doctorsses with some of my faves!!
oh haven't been there before but they sound like they dnt have corner stores lol
I think the boyz just get more attractive everyday.....
Halftruths always have a constituency, those who professort from the halflie.
Whole truths, rather, cut where they will.
Gyllenhaal  Sarsgaard naming their baby Gloria Ray makes me dumbly happy b/c 1 that's my grandma's first name!
2 the combo's so lovely
thanks, luckily I was the only one home.
So no one was hurt and nothing was taken at least.
Philly visiting a friend!
You already have an africanamerican personality, sheneanea!
I agree.
Complete with mobile wardoctorbes for each.
Miss my bff
can't wait to go to fiji
Your cute :
So sleepy 
likewise!
Anything with truffle goes straight to my heart.
BEST.
PRESENTATION.
EVER.
SocialMedia LMA12 Well done!
TELL DESSINY TO WATCH HER MAN DOE.
Finished.
All.
Wrapping.
Yea!!!
Is this the WNBA or heat v.
Celtics?
Thank you for the great interview.
Ive been a fan since day 1 and will be until the end.
Wow!
I just that aint u!
Arena Football League gave its commish a 5yr contract.
That's the same rationale as Anthony Davis registering for sophomore classes at UK
I miss Jerry
Gingrich proves tonight his SC debate rhetoric was designed only for crowd reaction.
No media/food stamp bashing tonight.
Everybody just sending me messages out of nowhere ..
rock band
the reader is awesome.
That always helps :
Got some aloe vera juice on sale at Ralph's...anyone else tried it?
Government Hooker was like the second song!
I was right!
Woohoo!
Avatar as in The Last Airbender!
Am I a Fangorra or what?!!
: Holy fraggle rock I did it.
20 minutes jogging without stopping.
I'm gonna go cry now.
c25k kudos.
What does c25k mean?
Hi Jorge!
One day I want that hug in person!
I know I say this every single time but you know that every time you go back wiht him you will just get hurt more and more.
Will you do the moonwalk for us?
May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 1Dtourusa We love you!
Love, Alexi and Tabi!
Online Kamasutra book, all people who like SEX with their partners goes here  www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Thanks for the tip!
We'll contact him bc we are looking for someone to DJ here Tuesday nights.
Its 2 any doctornk night!
55yearold Portland mother, who sports doctorads and a facial tattoo, disowned her son after he registered as a republican.
Pull the stick outta your ass, twat.
Celebrity Cruises Alaska Savings Event  Book select Millennium cruisetours by 10/31 for up to 200 ship board credit!
8008037245!
On the course again with twitterless J.
Blanton!
OK, here I am...officially following !!
So, who wins a copy of the CD?!
who will Aoki have to contact to get a racing sushi to replace chorizo for the time being?
Who's ready for some football??
GO HOGS GO!
welcome home!!
White men everywhere hope for the negative RT I guess Mizzou v.
Baylor raises a good question: DOES SIZE REALLY MATTER?
But before you tell me I'm not helping, I vote for Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance
I love beeing single , lmao ..
now i can make some trouble bahah
Oh man!
Sharp pain in my ankle.
That's bad, right?
Maybe the flat prevented you from being in a horrific accident.
Boehner clapped on Israel
Up to early for an inset day.
burgers and cupcakes with Army of 7!!!
today my teacher said SaySomethin over 10 times while explaining the new unit.
SHE'S A SECRET MAHOMIE!
yeah priceless I got another comedian for you that's Filipino
Nice!
Enjoy your new job.
Hope to have you here for lunch often!
Raiders remake was a BLAST, a loving recreation that mixed filmmaking ingenuity w fanboy passion.
BITCH FREEZE
A moral compass is just a clock that isn't doctornk enough.
Definitely Twitter.
I am seeing tweets come up in tweetdeck now that I switched to the computer.
but triple h is the one mad at him.
Stephanie is very high on him
Happy Saturday.
I'm at the salon getting ready for my day.
So fresh and so clean
Twix or Snicker
Ain't gonna be kind if you cant be kind to me
www.SeductivedoctoramWear.com SEXY LINGERIE WEAR, SEXY SHOES AND MORE!!!
This bitch need to get off my twitter!!!
and let the mother's day festivities begin!
I work at Bosley on Brady and Roots!
Follow Me Please!?
40
This looks interesting, Jeff.
We will certainly give it a serious look.
Hope you are well.
Thanks  Alyssa says I don't need any more shirts right now!!!!
Happy Anniversary!
Judge says Occupy Madison hasn't established right to specific location where it is currently encamped on East Washington Avenue.
it's called hubba hubba I think.
It's free!
hectic means busy and busy is good!
Hope you were able to have some down time this past wkd as well :
bull crap, girls love corny,because it shows your trying.
although they don't like insecurity,and can sense it a mile away.
Don't you be holdn back your love..
shivers, rubs my arms he's not quite the cat i met in my doctorams.
..
big day today...start off like a workin man
May the fourth be with you.
Heading west to Ohio for a reunion this weekend at the Columbus College of Art and Design.
;
can sure play some doctorms
Google Earth today in science omg
I absolutely love making people smile.
:
Karma....you need to stop procrastinating, and pay a visit to that certain someone.
It's due time.
That moment you realize you've been doing it wrong this whole time.
actors you are an original we love authentic
Blacking out is on my agenda tonight
a day of design on the pack porch, keep it up June weather!
DO SOMETHING
Stopped w Teddyno shoes no shirt and he still gets service
Bitch Please.
You have no clue what your talking about.
just by the name alone, i'm glad i've never heard any crunkcore.
MM Keeping Metal Alive in Nashville 
Softball Was awesome Great Comeback Girls!!!
1918
I hate the tea party
3 Easy Ways To Get Back On Track via
ya, its rough.
its a whole different world down there.
you dont even here about it on the news its so everyday.
If SidneyCrosby and Malkin want to go, let 'em go, ref.
ClaudeGiroux is the face of the NHL now
yeah man its the hang
Tim Jones VP of Netspeed Learning is introducing Cindy Clay
Rewarding my body today with a healthy breakfast and yoga.
You only get one body.
What are you doing today to take care of it?
Lighting Design forms the backbone of any interior design as it plays a major role in creating the perfect kind of ambiance!
The people who truly love you are not only the ones that build you up, but they are the ones that break you down to your skeletons.
Thx for the updated flyer.
Will spread!
Been awake for 21 hours.
At least I'm about to enjoy 5 hours of sober sleep!
Working 7 hours at the Gregory Heights branch library.
Been here 25 minutes and had one question about getting a library card.
Slow.
It's so sunny out, But it's super cold.
THAT is one of the greatest problems in education.
Teachers should not feel threatened by mommy/daddy administrators
always puts things concisely.
I love the guy.
VP choice for would be awesome!
thanks for the retweets!
The preliminary competition, to be held on July 27th, and the final on July 28th, will be streamed live through UStreams channel.
Every1says they do fashion interested 2 c who's going 2 b fusion 0n 8/5 it's invite only  will b aired on bravo If u r not there hey?
Well said, Mitch.
Glad you are not neglecting DH has some work to do too, on being a good example for our kids.
The Becker?
Gary Ross, Catching Fire.
My favorite childhood book...Where's Walden?
I'm picking Nyla up and this random lady comes to my window and says hi to me.
Her face scared the shit out of me.
Making GIFS with Ariel!
As you breath, another person takes his last.
So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got.
Make every breath count.
Ray Rice not himself.
I just can't stop listening to Steel Magnolia by Steel Magnolia!
Few things are as maddening in sports than to watch your closer blow a save.
Esp when everyone seems to just let it happen.
o ok that's wassup I'm watching tv
Hey, thanks  that means a lot.
I look forward to your blogs as well.
We are lucky for the inexhaustible supply of fodder!
12 more days till disney c;
surprised to see my old accounting bro today
Oh good, Now featured as the earworm in my head: Cecelia.
Where in Richmond can I find medium size Hubs Salted Peanuts for sale?
My daughter is the best.
Thank you for having dinner with me and the Merlot, todiefor Hugs and Kisses, Momma Dukes !
Ohio shot 51/38/88 on michigan when they were supposed to shoot 43/33/69.
So there's that
Just hit the big 32 and they said the I wouldn't see 16.
How you like those apples?!
God is so good!
On Pole Day at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway what speeds should the IndyCars be going to satisfy you as a fan or not?
Answer the poll!
Oh my god I keep watching pot of gold over and over just to hear you sing I love you so much!!
I am becoming obsessed w/ the client list!!!!
I get Carson...Leinert makes me ill.
RT
To be, or not to be?
To act and to act.
Now that is the answer!
we're not friends.
R.I.P.
WHITNEY NIPPY HOUSTON YOU WILL BE TRULY MISSED.
Future of the Academy: Peer2Peer Review and Data as Public Domain to create enriched mashup culture
No cuz ur not following
it looks like a nice place to visit but I wouldn't want to live there.
Rehearsal for upcoming movie.
Exhausting...Having a few doctornks  Stir NYC.
Great selection of doctornks.
special sexy funny
look at the source aaosborn careful folks, he is an unreliable source
The West Indian American Day Carnival in front of my apartment tomorrow is supposed to be insane; doctornking Red Stripe in preparation.
nope not at all :
What's your favorite kind of lighting?
Table lamps, sconces, recessed lighting, chandeliers, faux sky lights?
to tell us!
cool bro
So far, so good!
How are you?
I loved having Will Ferrell back on SNL tonight!
Awesome!!
My mom bought me a new tv!!
Sure, but it still seems as if Doc plays 2 PF's.
RT Except now he's a center, no?
I just steamed rice.
Now the whole house smells like I just steamed rice.
what up doe!!
what is it you were telling me to tweet for you?
Stranded on 395 but helped by good samaritans
Yeah!!
Am disappearing, not onnet o!
Coz i can see dat they'll tear me off if i don't...
I'm out at the very end of concourse C.
All I see are fields, tarmac and lighting.
No birds at all.
Some say: identity politics is a form of ignorant, intolerant bigotry, that the left empowers and encourages.
,
We never have success with PAC 10 defensive guys Briggs is the exception but damn one out of 35 picks in what seems like 10 seasons!
grocery shopping with the madoctor:
Please follow
engaged concurrent sessions: small business dev with Karen Mills ; RD/TechTransfer in New England
I would love to be friends with He just seems like a fun dude.
Happy day!
Free haircut here I come!
that was hilarious.
I'm enjoying your blog, thanks Scott
follow her 
Check your DM got a question for you.
Prom week is in two week
covered in magnetic paint.
next up, primer and then whiteboard paint.
Don't judge me on what people have told you.
Get to know me first.
RT : Byron thinking through 'Pleasure beyond 'sex acts': intimacy, closeness, bonds, friendship, social networks
You always make feel so special.
:D 3
r u already following me?:o
Hey Folks.
Tonight's show is going to be great.
8pm and 8.
Thats a steal!
Apparently my iPhone doesn't know kolache is a word..
.
so sick of this bullshit job I'm working
RT check out the new website  support your local businesses!
franklintn nashville www.tnbuylocal.com
DUDE WHERE R THEY GONNA PERFORM AT....?
don't deserve them but yet they're living and you were taken from us.
I don't get it.
There's never a moment I don't think about you, but...
Didn't get doctornk.
Win or loss depending on your point of view.
Didn't lose at beer pong though :
Welcome back and and your new team PublicHealthPartyPeoplePlus1!
See you on Mondays at !
Suddenly, I have a hankering to watch my Office Space DVD.
spider hanging over my stove, you deserve what you got.
haha that would be what its from!
G O O D N I G H T .
Twitter BedBugsBitinq !
Fiancés, merely dating, close friends.
Adverse actions against these people can lead to third party retaliation claims.
Enjoying a Friday night on twitter is that sick?
how was your movie Friday?
Shopping in Chardon?
Stop by for a brew!
Tom Katlees tonight!
Can I get feed back from men I would like to why men cheat when they have good relationships at home?
Can anyone give me an honest answer...
TGIF Twitterville!
It felt like it'd never come!
Let's hear it from the NFL fans: what game are you most looking forward to on Sunday?
Happy Valentines Day everybody, and Happy 1st Day Ever on the Radio Day for me!
Thanks Tom Pappas!
At seasms ready to hear no snow, great crowd.
NOW ANNOUNCING...
Neil Young performing live at the Hippodoctorme, April 27  28 at 8pm, tickets go on sale to the public March 11th at 10am
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the girls who's name was the first thing a thought of
My sister just made herself cry
Welcoming the final four to Houston!!!
Make sure to check out my website and schedule a little extra fun
Q: where do you find all the Brits in Dulles Airport?
A: In a pub called Harry's
you usually email : talk to grad students, IMO
: Kinda sad when icons of ur youth pass on  u ain't even old.....
RIP MCA beastieboys  tragic indeed RIP :
I Love Twitter WAYMOREE Than Facebook /
Ahh why do you do this to me baseball...
: ugh 6 days  I'll be back at school ...WOW .
damn I go back the 25th lol
In English please?
check out this arsenal: mucinex, anticough pearls that target the cough part of my brain, spicy indian food, mint tea, and nasal spray
Throwing discus in the rain But my coach says I could make varsity soon
The rhythms from the jazz jam session at Elephant Room is soothing my soul right now.
With younger executives in jeans and tshirts, students might think a casual tone is all that's needed
My wife thinks Ed Reed has 'pretty legs'
Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the stage collapse at the Indiana State Fair.
Baby ringtone lastnight scared the fuck outta me while I was sleep
Listening too damn hard.
The Descendants.
Too depressing.
Carry on.
She won't even see it coming !
When your body convulses so much from the hitachi, that it changes the tone of the sound coming from said vibe.
Cool pics!
I can hear Bukowski bitching now haha
Looks like I'm turning in early tonight...
I can never safely talk around you again.
You tweet everything I say.
Jumbudup the hell is that
Great...just realized listed my email wrong on big book order.
Should have taken that half day I was supposed to take today.
nice!
Please say hey to home for me.
Do you live there in the off season too?
Well then let's meet and do something beautiful.
Hehe :
hey : how has ur day been?
3
Taking nyquil and passing out
Work today...
i'm really tired and don't feel like going...
if by work i meant acting or singing i would not mind goin at all...
:
Reading ThePerksofbeingaWallflower.
Brilliant brilliant book.
Please do yourself a favor and read it.
I couldn't care less about cards, but my MIL gets them for every opportunity and gets upset if we don't get her one with our gift.
TBudsmacking bouquet of wood smoke  pork filling the air Our Bill L.
has 85lbs of butts on the smoker NOW for 2events next week!
My first name would go well with your last name 
that picture is awesome
TOM!!!!!!!!
COME BACK SOON!
ON POINT IS NO ON POINT WITHOUT YOU!!!!
I really hope was watching the first 30 seconds of Colbert tonight.
ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex Update your facebook status..
Good Luck Charlie is honestly such a good show
of my got that doctorss cuz i wanted to be burnin up you never know.
It might guve me extra
have you heard any reviews of See Rock City at Clague Playhouse?
Or the Fantastics?
Good Morning.
All praises due to God for this glorious morning...
The bass in these beats are incredible
Time go faster.
Please.
Thanks for that list by the way.
I was wondering when one would pop up.
I like to keep a lot of receipts in my wallet, it gives the illusion of money
thanks for retweet.
I really only just discovered that bridge only to find out it'll be demolished soon.
Such a beaut!
Stop staying up late RT : I am soo tired
Aiight I'm done working for the night.
Need to network tho
hey beautiful how r you tonite?
BeastieBoysEffenRock  so good to see you out there.
Surviving.
Representing all of us.
Being human  what you do.
Nothing like a good DVD Christmas Day a kickin' to keep healthy!
Your latest setback will make it possible for U to achieve your greatest comeback.
Solomon 2nd Edition
ATT UVerse Commercial Audition, Denver Nuggets Commercial Audition, and then Nike Commercial Audition!!!
Produced By Conference hosted by Walt Disney Studios and ABC Entertainment Group.
Should be a good 4 day run.
oh sweet.
I'll be there next weekend in Houston!
Let's hang!
I smoke all day everyday its not helping this time
Feels like for ever that I have been in this car.
Shat!!!!
Just discovered your iOS app.
The Artwork Puzzle Game might be a new addiction
Patriots/Broncos...boring.
Show is sold out!
I would SO date a guy with a helicopter!
Hello!
Wknd shopping trips to San Francisco!?
about Kalon on The Bachelorette 
That awkward moment when someone asks what's wrong, and they're the problem.
So glad I don't have to take this Spanish final!
What's the funniest thing you've heard somebody say in their sleep??
my prediction for most epic fail in 2012?
the mayans.
LOL THANKS RT You can tell a lot about a person by the type of smiley faces they use :
2012c19 or Virginia Jackson on the Portent in PMLA?
Do you or anyone you know is looking for additional income?
Call at 4:00PM EST 218 548 0886 Code: 417091
Super shout out to my new followers.
I wish it was a button i could load u all to!!!
ON Like Ah Boss
I'm getting real hungry now, but I'm watching the Spurs game again!
RT : And menudo  the breakfast of champions!
Hungry but don't want to Get up 
it's cool just tweet when ur done with exams if your still interested :
You better call, why didn't you call yesterday?
I'd really appreciate it, man.
Thanks!
It feels like summer!
I can't wait!!
This summer is gonna be CRAZY
76.23 to fill the tank of a Honda Accord!
F U oil speculation!
cause you'll be jealous that my gpa is higher than yours..
Had my 2 rum  cokes and going to bed, got to get up in 5 hours for work.
am ready for another week.
Coach sacked after punching sarcastic player
great practice tonight
Getting finished with website  store, just some last min touches.
Quick shout out to for all her graphic help
Claude Fischer is really killing it in the 'taking apart moral panic BS' dept this month.
First Ionely Facebookers, today culture of poverty
Who's going to Huntington Park tonight to catch openingday for the ?!
Tonight, 7:05p.
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 47
RT : DLR to a kid in the crowd What are you smiling at?
I just might be your dad.
This ain't my first time in this town.
I love you thank you!!!!!
:D
Any fans out in Overton?
We're playing a small show this Sunday night at New Hope Church.
Doors open  4.
Hope to see you there!
It's the first day of my last semester at
I'll show you all the overair conditioned spots
I miss those big Stewie dolls that were there last season.
Aaron and I are going away for a week in a few months to kick it in mexico far far away from stress and business!
Thank jeebus!
I recently purchased a used truck from Wilde Toyota, and I was very happy with them.
My sales associate, Marco Laguna, was great to work...
I remember u said u were coming around 6/10.
what are the dates.
Both kids bdays then, so planning poss trips
Hyman Rickover It is necessary for us to learn from others mistakes.
You will not live long enough to make them all yourself.
Clear eyes, creative minds, can't lose.
Thanks for brilliant play at ikids app challenge
At last the week has come to a close, and I'm so happy to be staying in tonight!
Blasting tiesto is the only thing that's gonna get me thru this long day
This began with that one simple text message.
And then the kiss.
take the breathing time!
hey I love you :
I have too many social networking sites.
i want to be the next president...
Lawd the white house will never be the same
When i wonder off...
Literary Criticism professorssor loves tvtropes .
This day keeps getting better!
The flu can help jump start your diet.
it's going around, so catch while you can.
Two more hours to pop on by for a 5 Greek Cheeseburger!
Special is on until 4pm!
So cool the 1940census asked where they were living April 1, 1935!
can I have all three in one?
:
Lena, change your Twitter password.
I just received a spam DM from your account.
Others probably have, too.
:
Wait, Osama's body wasn't buried at sea shortly after his death?
The government lied to us...
I'm shocked.
Wonder if he's really even dead.
I think I might burn my holiday shirts in celebration of not having to wear them anymore !
I LUV MINDLESS BEHAVIOR!
RT IF U DO TOO!
: 3
What does my computer and the US government have in common?
They always want to shut down on you.
The Miss India competition is going on at our hotel!!!
Invite only...
and I just scored 4 tickets!!!
yeah wednesday.
your pitchers pitch against you guys  ours against us.
gay i wanna pitch against you  my bestfriend!!!
fantastic.
I'll be submitting tomorrow.
Thank you.
BTW I'm reading it for your challenge / Book with psychopath protagonist.
Just going mad!
Back home.
Ready for some
your insanely fawkin adorable
bet it was some nigga who makes that every 6 months anyway
WE ARE MARSHALL is apparently more terrible than I remember.
Um, so so far I have nothing to complain about...website fail?
Woodberryfire Fireman still hosing bldg.
Roads still closed.
Access to Clipper Mill ok from west.
I'm gonna cry.
Don't do it.
We all have one favorite burner on the oven that we use more often than the others.
Lost On LeMans is playing on Broadway outside The Loft!
Be there!
Mornin twitter I'm up on da early side
omg did u bite him lol ??
xx
Congrats 2 'em u will love the things we are workin on!RT : what's the ring scoop
Someone tell Miguel to buy P90X
Ignite ROIget the client to understand the emotional value of their brand
omg!
Hilarious!!
U are so funny!!
Thanks boo for the birthday wishes!!
UH Cougars comeback with 28 unanswered points to beat LA Tech!
Great win guys!
many thanks for the kind words!
i thought the same!!
xD
So we've made it to Wednesday but how's weather going to disrupt our day?
Julie Broughton is saying, watch out!
Tune in
Haha!
I may just have to take you up on that!
Hey, thanks!
How are you?
A.
Dead Car Battery.
24 hr service.
you make my life better.
Mobil Information Literacy session
after that shot on 15, I could be 100 wrong!
Life is measured not by the number of breaths we take but by the number of moments that take our breath away.
Still plenty of appointments for Monday and Tuesday!
on monday and on Tuesday!
It depends on if/how they replace those characters.
I'm giving Single ladies a 2nd chance b/c I like Denise Vasi.
in 2012 its more like iphone or andoctorid, neither blackberry nor Microsoft matter at this point
I think it goes without saying I'll be doctorssed appropriately for the occasion of these pancakes; sweatpants, probably shirt.
daily practice to change mental patterns.
just like in the physical world.
I didn't meet Matt.
: He wasn't at the meet and greet.
:
HEY, YOU SUCK!
is one of the best guys and musicians I have ever had the honor to work with.
Keep it up E!
ZING!
hahaha RT : Sorry to hear about your air conditioning situation RT : Matt Jones can suck my sweaty bs
Thanks for following!
Deborah
I have no invite and Im 100 blamming it on fact im a
sweet professorbro
2PeopleThatBelongTogether ..
Me and .
whats up with chucky saying your going bald bro?
: Today's the last day to vote for Kopitar for the NHL13Cover  do you really want to see on the cover?
yes, yes I do
it's in cannon...
haha how is that cute:
thanks so much!
thanks.
Whenever you're in ATL or DC contact me.
Good morning loves ;D
Many people sleep more restfully after receiving massage therapy.
The benefit often continues several days after receiving massage therapy!
I hate all these pictures of slouchy sad brides.
Why would I want to buy a doctorss that makes me look like dying?
Maybe all those sequins.
Sitting around with a bum right hand, killing time.
Me either!!
Sometimes I feel like I have no friends:
love it!!
it's second season has been on PBS the last two weekends.
the lead is fantastic.
I have real life ones, Ive been going out to watch the games, they are all jokes.
Me and 1 chick made peace shes cool tho
The best DJ is , GOO FOLLOW HIM :, wish i had his job IWantBTRAutograph hoping to win an Autograph
The UN Chief is warning governments against using the economic crisis as an excuse to cut funding for fighting AIDS.
Thanks to everyone in Vegas who is shopping local for the holidays!
Breaking Ted Thompson GB Packers OK FANS I HAVE CALLED IN JUSTIN HARRELLFA.
Tours of the Library today as well as 4 great workshops and the baseball game tonight
S/O to my best friends
hahah awesome!
Thank YOU for listening!
Love The Band Perry.
Please make sure your next single has an intro.
Update your application loader to 2.5.x if you start getting application launch icon has size error during Xcode build
and a wild pitch scores Gomez from third just as Alex Gonzalez was bailing Timmy out by swinging at anything, 10 Milwaukee
I got mad love for you doll
Need a new plan in life.
no thanks I already have some.
A champion is someone who gets up, even when he can't
lmao do I ever?
this is probably going to be the longest ten minutes of my life..
Peace love and music.
What more could you ask for.
Winners convince the other guy he's making all the right moves...and neither side is doing this in the lockout
Above all things, reverence yourself.
lmfao Ohh damn, I challenge u ;p
Happy Birthday to my amazing Husband Mike Jaciuk!!
You don't look a day over 30 and a 1/2!!
3
I gotta spoil myself
smh, looked like i failed to kill myself lol.
i still have yet to get her a new collar.
think im get a camo pink one soon
Stocked up on CFL bulbs.
Three for0.97 at Home Depot.
wow.
just wow.
Love historicalfiction?
Pls check out  RT our new trailer for debut SLANT OF LIGHT by
wow thanks add that to my list!
its gone to be warm here in Dallas tomorrow highest 60f...yess!!
don't feel bad but happy to give it to him therewardsofgiving try it!
Congratulations to the graduates, Much love and success to you always!
que Ashes to Ashes
It gives you the option to add video and add/delete professorssional additions/applications as you need which I appreciate.
Opening Day for baseball, NCAA championship, 2 hours of 24 all on one day?
The TV Gods are cruel.
I overslept.
I have to study pa.
: I'm still so sleepy
Hope you see my blog and follow me!
Guitar does play an integral part in book 2.
If I'm not retiring, then I'm preparing myself.
Michelle, that's just cruel  I have two girls  I'm glad there are opportunities for them!
Why didn't Fredi Gonzalez get thrown out of games in September to ignite his team?
That is what good managers always do during a bad slump.
It's a shame about ray and eating lemonheads
not looking good huh!?!
Israel Keyes lived at 2456 Spurr Lane, Turnagain home police were investigating on Tuesday night
yes can't wait!
:
thx holmz, great to hang w you  learning a lot and having some fun
Mary Bo Peep in metalshop today AHAHA
Season Two of Disney Channel39;s Hit Series quot;A.N.T.
Farmquot; Premieres With BacktoBack Episodes, Friday, June 1
i been blessed...bought a new truck....premium gas sucks lol.....high azz hell.
Didnt kno it uses premium til after
what??
Is that even a possibility??
From a colt to a bronco lets see if he can bring a championship to da mile high city
propublica is looking for an education reporter
alright punch out you're done for the day leave me alone
sorry for delayed thanks for the retweet I appreciate it!
Oh my goodness!
What happened??
:
: I hate when people say YOLO after everything.
I just ate some pancakes!
YOLO.
...Stfu!!!
Send in your questions for tonights show now!!
Sure wish I could ride the rails to Milwaukee.
rt Gliding to Chicago on the Amtrak Hiawatha Line.
Best way to travel.
Guess What TV Ad
Without looking for people to point fingers at, there's no risk in finishing programs that work, but they have to stop anyway.
Wow, that's pretty awful.
Price at iPhone launch, when you could see they were doing well: 120.56.
Today: 610.
Shaun White is so fucking awesome dude .
Omg I swear pink oil moisturizer works miracles my hair hasn't felt like this in a while :
LanceLoBiondoFrelinghuysen also applaud call to pass payroll tax cut without delay
Oh wonderful.
Bring RB :
Can't wait!
RT : Looking FWD to seeing you Fred!!
RT : In Montreal first part of next week at

Yeah, that asshole owes me money.
Never trust a superhero.
NO WAY!
Keep him out of here!
Please!!!
a win is a win!
I agree that SKOS and tools are in place and growing in application, but will take time to be ubiquitous
Heading to the 8th grade dance!!
I hope its a blast!!
i bet lol do u still have those welks on your legs from corey hitting u this morning lol
just tried your link to ReadNow; looks like it has been pulled from the app store; bummer
Who's windows r U buying?
70 of companies sell 80 white windows.
LEGACY 65 of r windows are nonwhite.
Get the Perfect WindowDont Settle!
glad to hear it:
Thanks for the
Suicidal Thoughts has been my song since 8th grade.
its OK.
How are you?
Dont cry on some PunkShit , man yo happy ass up  get to it.
If you Finna RunThaTown, hop yo happy ass on board  Let'sRoll
how long will the bath take.
I've got to get to work pretty soon.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 7
First attempt at homemade protein bars did not go well.
your right.
Your getting boring.
Let me know If have something to talk about.
acquired iContact?
Figures.
need a cuddle buddy for these thunderstorms!
For you, it's a done deal LOL TEXT ROCKS!!!!!
LOL
Thankful for the leadership that has given to Rivers Crossing...
Excited to see what God has in store for Village CC!
home at last wad a fun boring cool day.
Lol
Just walked into and and the homie is killing it as always  LostAngelesTuesdays 
I definitely would!
Thanks for the tip
aww nice..
how did u do that effect ?
:
Dear Charles Barkley: Welcome to Irony Town.
Population: You.
Don't rip on my city, big guy.
BUY 3, Get 1 FREE!
February 13, 2011  March 31, 2012  Good towards Pet Spa/Wash, Daycare, Boarding and/or Private Training Sessions!
You flirt and then you diss her.
You ignore and then you say you miss her.
You kiss and then you ditch her.
Do you even want to be with her?
Good morning sschat!
Any favorite Nixon resources?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I love you too!
love Todd, but right now my focus is Detroit!
:
more like hey can you pass this cat to the lady in front of you
thanks love!
Can't wait to rehearse tomorrow!
4 days to go for the doctorwing, We are Giving Away FREE Rug on June 30th.
Don't forget to click like and share the words
My dog Alex finally got a little boner while humping his stuffed dog.
He's now living up to his name!
I'm picking up good vibrations The Beach Boys
Finally signs of life in the golf game today.
4 birdies out of the chute, 2 more later.
Golf gods spanked me too but overall a good day.
On the verge of puking my brain out, I WANT THIS SO BAD!
Get em BLUE!
Happy Saturday, guys :
Getting ready to check out Flurrious at Delaware Park
Good point.
Then again, my city doesn't have snow on the ground from OctoberMay ;
Spinning in circles tonight, come join.
Also, I'm spinning the myoooosic.
Dizzytastic!
I'm there.
There's gonna so much molestation in our church!!!
thisisengland88 holy fuck this is so good to see all my old mates again.
episodes 3, 3 minutes in
If you have an iPhone, you can use our ShoeBox app to scan and share old paper photos.
Super easy!
lol....you don't want to see Devon!
In all seriousness peyton tweeted that picture.
I wasnt in the room
Keep an eye on our updates in the next few days for the answer!
If God had granted all the silly prayers I've made in my life, where should I be now?
I'm going to be up in like six hours, I should prob go to sleep now..
Why are you awake lol?!
interesting.!
sounds like a great storyline
Anyone out there know any NEBU engineers in the Northeast?
Send them my way!
doctornk sister: bad boys bad boys!
who you gonna call?
what inspires you the most?
Thanks to everyone who checked out the show on WEdnesday.
Much respect.
Keep tuned for more happenings.
God Bless
Thank you for the shoutout, Jennifer!
I'm gonna be in overtime..
gonna post some new bangers!
Maybe even an rnb beat!
Gods gift 3333 ;
; we close  8pm tonite!
Come by and see us!
here we go!
Glee Live Tour in lasvegas was fabulous!!!
IN THE BAY, HEADING TO LA!!!
happy b'day man!
Good afternoon guys!
Whats up?
I'm talking with my friends and doctornking a Pepsi Lemon.
This is a SUPER addictive!
S/O to my new followers and thanks guys!
opening eyes
Bday Bash Sale Satrts Now!
Hit Up ZoeBeats.Com All Beats R Half Off 10 Leases  125 Doller Exclusvies Purchase Your Tracks Now!
Get prepared for Very Dangerous Weather here in Virginia
i 3 the ready set!
How you spell my name?
LAskweesha!
RT : still trying to figure this out!
I owe you a lasquisha call though ;
very nice.
Send them over.
I've offended some people with my tweets.
Look, you gotta keep in mind that I'm a fuckin' dick who probably banged your friend or wife.
Bye!
is that because you're a rich boy?
On the road with and
Poverty in the middle of America is not projects  it's trailers.
I just had the same tragic moment!
Except I was told, Finish your homework, then you can doctornk!
Olympus's Ousted Chief Will Step Down From Its Board
thanks much for the follow  making music.
Please come to themusiccity soon
Good!
And if you have ideas for topics for July's meeting, please let me know.
Getting a sneak peek of new solo tunes from right now ...
Very cool stuff!
I Thank God For Tupac
Got to film a promo with for her show Bust at Studio Theater  she's awesome!
Your life is a reflection of the way you think.
What you believe is what you become!!
Variety is huge!
I agree.
Find interesting reasons to tweet about it.
Unusual connections.
Bring in ppl.
Your tweet saved my life
I really wanna get noticed bye you 3 LOVE YOU SO MUCH3
RT : Happy Birthday to French Fashion Designer Jean Paul Gaultier!
Jean Paul Gaultier was born on April 24 1952!
encountered a bear at Strickler Knob...have never been more scared in my life
wild girl ,,,, send all of them if u want
Hoosier's win!!
VCU your next!
Go Big Red!!
Yeah, a typo is failing to put a space after an open parenthesis or leaving a period off the end of a sentence, DaDa Dummy.
The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
/
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
fist halfdecent sleep last night since the bebe.
feeling refreshed
is he searching with the correct long S, ie happineff?
we were discussing that at thatcamp yesterday.
GAB has certified elections for all four Republican Senators.
Election day TBD.
Totally enjoyed the WorldSeries this year.
Time to return to my normal opinion that baseball is boring!
Fun to see it differently for once.
who knows, maybe he'll suprise you!
So the article I coauthored on implementing LibAnswers across multiple service desks?
Accepted.
get it, ladies!!
Quote of WifeSwapAU in the first 5 minutes ...
I've gone from the Penthouse to the Shithouse ...
she's all class.
the mood taylor swift puts me in 
oh no!
Just wait till they eat solids!
AHH the joys of motherhood.
hang in there.
Second to last day of initiative tabling for me at Costco.
Seeking out Isagenix appointments for early next week!
Cleveland, are you ready to rock?
indeed it is!
I was gonna pretend you won some contest, but actually nobody cared when i snuck it to the mailroom :
Hey Ray!
Thanks for the follow, I love Lynda!
MAHOMIES LOVE AUSTIN !
rt this guys!
If the Spurs win the title, I'll certainly be ticked, but not surprised.
Serious amounts of punning down here in Santa Cruz.
cc: RT : Serious amounts of pruning have begun in Napa Valley
If I had a crush on you in high school or college, chances are you're ugly now and/or my tastes have changed.
JAY JAY THE JET PLANE.
Hola babe.
You should follow me :
SometimesIJustWant To Getaway From My Problems /
amazing!
The best man's speech was awesome too!
they're just sitting there laughing at themselves i'm just cyring
The Kahuna of Kona.
Is that a book?
I've really got both on my mind.
Time for bed  perhaps more will be revealed...
Aight my wolverines won.now my lake show boyz need to tighten up.let's go.
And let the alley oops begin!
Got mine!
I see lots of VoteNo stickers at MayDay2012!
Holla back
MT There is no reserve seating  a large crowd is expected, so fans are urged to arrive early  carpool or take the Trolley.
PLEASE BE MINE, what i go to school for, 6 minutes, mandy,time for me to fly, underdog.
best tv movie ever!
i refuse to delete from my DVR.
Hi Jeff, thanks for the follow!
hey beautiful how are u?
OMG!
I miss u!
How is school?
Xcited about Summer?
he gave evrythg to that prgrm He didnt plan on the timing.
Who could?
Cmon now what else could he have done?
Say no,no way!
what video is the McCarthy reaction to the Vikings loss in?
Do you know if that's online?
that and it means staff can deal will the 10k book backlog instead of wasting their time doing menial tasks.
teenwolf fans who is excited for teenwolf tomorrow???
yea I think we will give our core 1 more yr.
we wasn't healthy this year and no telling what happens with zbo at 100
: Saturday night at the with Gonna be greasy one !!
grease it up brahs!
Ah, thanks for filling me in.
Judge: How could you swindle these good people who trusted you?
Con Man: Your Honor, you can't swindle people who don't trust you!
Maybe I just think about it all so much, that that the fear stays close to all the ghosts Ive touched.
That's amazing.
I gotta check it out one of these days!
Happy Wednesday :
I absolutely LOVE your products!
Some of the BEST I've ever used in skincare :
Well, being the egalitarian I am, I'll let you doctorw your own conclusions.
People don't give Spike Lee nearly enough credit for the power of captainring a momentwhat it felt like to live/be in that moment.
RT : you going.
To tonight for GGW bikini contest ?
SOULSTICE!
road to LA party!
PISCES bday bashes!
LIVE art..music  dance!
Be there early for performances!
All !
Maybe will be inspired to do some tweeting now that their dad is home from tour?
Hint hint...
No rust here, just getting beat on both sides of the ball.
Perhaps smoke and mirrors at 151?
madisonsmc would love to have you.
Get your camera out and take pictures now.
and the shirt is off
What just happened!!???
Lmao
Babeu Russu
Not that I enjoy seeing the Diamondbacks make big comebacks, but anything is good against the Cards.
congrats to my cousin on her feature in fitness mag!
i'll call the club to get extra security for saturday...
Thank you and good luck!
It is the best experience!
I'm not perfect, I make mistakes  I hurt people.
But when I say that I'm sorry, please believe me.
Because I mean it.
Is that a CeleryRoot??
Hey Glen!
Thanks for following me on Twitter; I forgot you said you did Twitter!
Now I am following you too!
:
lol!!!
We're both kidding though :
Hey I heard you like the wild ones ....
It does.
I love nights like this.
Lessons frm Real Execs: Make change simple.
Small steps can create a domino effect so in the end it looks like a giant leap!
did you just say nigga lmao!
I kind of love you3
Pure love is a hard doctorg
All closets should have an eink display showing the weather forecast for the day.
shawt got a fat ass
Doesn't get more religious than that!
RT : AW YEA!
Just confirmed with pops that Christmas will be spent at Lambeau this year!
He tweeted it about 3 hours ago
hey I heard you were looking for a gentlemen..
is it cool if he's Australian?
made me die.
3
RT : Thank you for all of your creative help!!!
We are glad to be apart!
I know!
Me too!
: We have to have a night out soon!
All we do is work.
should be 40 or so
Aww:' You're so sweet  I'm not the type to hate but I am the type to get jealous:/ but, Ali is just a pretty fan hahaha3
What someone said to me
go with elastic waistband pants...b/c time off  more than one beer.
if you really need marketing help hit me up
I love Mariah Carey 3
yeah but it's really losing when you think about it
We are playing this Saturday night at Collapsing New People  Headhouse: Voltheque and Troubled Hips.
Saturday September 10th at 9pm.
Morning everyone!!!!
No univ for me today:.
Something most fans dont understand i think.
Cliffy was an institution.
Well said
I'm seeing Surviving Technology, Stratford CEO  they got nailed by Anon.
If you aren't following these days, I question your allegiance to America.
of the show HIRED THX for following Boston Worst!
Are you Against a Written Test at a job interview asking AGE?
nice website
what comes to your Blackberry?
:P
but babe yes you are how can i make u believe u are beautifully gorgeous
Text me, need to restore 's.
The world is full of people looking for spectacular happiness while they snub contentment
Car breakdown on canal street?
Bad luck for fans on
Wholeheartedly thirded  she crushes it on a regular basis.
wait what's your screenname or Google email?
According to Scumbag Steve, Thursday is the scummiest day of the week.
Almost a year.
x I want 60 years.
3
Thank you for your kind words.
The book club who hosted me thought it would make a good movie too.
I'm just happy it's a book!
Oh god, and are on twitter now.
God help us all.
Ah shit !!
You want lunch and dinner too !!
Lol ..
Jk !!
What would medina want to eat this Monday morning : British accent
He take his free throws too serious
Comment from audience  probably used but not check'd out possible.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy but your sexy so have my babies!
thanks dude, Im stoked
Trying to shop for pants and you pick out a cute pair then they end up being too short.
tallgirlprobz 
Back in stadium manager sessions till noon with then its poolside with the sun.
Insurance called me back within 60 minutes and gave m a claim number within another 30 minutes.
they were great.
Next art opening is July 10th.
Details to come.
Odds are better it wasn't me.
Alyssa Shouse Our Role Model Trend this 
How I Met Your Mother xD
Talk doesn't plow the field
: I really dislike that team  their attitude disgusts me lol smh Hell yea...fuck the Lakers.
lol
Dear everyone, your thoughts and prayers that my grandfather had a painfree and peaceful passing.
Current studies shows that soldiers were taking nerve agent pills, extra DEET bug spray
Happy birthday president obama
Just wrapped interviewing some of the cast of The First Lady!
Got a smooch from Taimak!
Lol
Since I'll be out of town for the Prince dance party on 6/2 at the Majestic, Girl 6 will have to do.
ponte El mop
So, Irene.
You're really screwing up my moving plans.
Subway official shut down as of 12 tomorrow.
I feel like you're following me
Is it just me, or does Google suck lately?
Gmail has been a giant bug.
on twitter!!
lol
is killin it right now.
Would rather see USC if u beat them u have a better chance at recruiting talent in So Cal
1000 MT : Alexander Clark: compelling argument at UMD Mayfest that linguists need to understand computation.
well that's great to know!!
Nice to meet you Tess!
hey Andy!
Didn't speak but would love to chat more
school tomorrow 
Ive been crying ever sense I got home from school!
Plus a few more things in top of that.
Both if them are starting to doctorss like me
Thank You.
:
Thanks to all those who came to the premiere last night!!
It was a great night!
My penis said so.
Ha!
So true, attentiveness is the best gift from the men in our lives...
Thanks, I'll have to check them out!
Happy Holidays :
awww!!!
You're super cute!!
Thanks again!!...I have to see you soon!!
:D
I stopped watching Modern Family because it turns out I really can't make myself care what happens to rich people
My neck is starting to feel stiff from football today so I hope that it is all better by tomorrow.
am awesome thanks : so why have u been so silent?
Reading suggestion: Escape from Cubicle Nation: From Corporate Prisoner to Thriving Entrepreneur by Pamela Slim
That was TB vs.
NY game 162 last year x100000
Making moves like a dancer
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate You coulda shaved that thing.
Came home frm the hospital me and the baby OK ugh man I thought I would never say this but I miss my mama she really jumps in sometimes
Our Business Assistance Specialist provides many programs, most of which are free to all the businesses in the city.
That's why you're the greatest DCU fan!!!
Now we've got 1,069 fans and a show with Craig Owens!
We're so thankful for everyone who supports this band!
well you see I go pretty hard on the weekend ;
sounds good.
just not 2nd week of May.
will set it up.
I love coming out here and getting away from Vegas for awhile.
FOLLOW MY MAIN :
Back from Illinlos Holocaust Museum.
Great group of teachers!
Wonderful program.
Day off tomorrow!!
Dont know what to do!!
xD
I want subs so bad
go follow she:
Twilight BreakingDawn, Part 1 is actually worse than Harry Potter 7, Part 1: Harry Goes Camping for Four Hours.
OBAMA my boy
Whats the point in you doctornkin if you gon always throw up n not remember much?
U mean to tell me u like that shit?!
we're looking into it
I'm not going to be there but I'm sending to handle my dirty work
you followed so many fans but im not one of them hope someday or onetime you will follow me back
now its oldies music...for her.
Thats it...IMA BLAST VOLUME TO FULL BLAST..HOPE FOR ME THE BEST!
:
This summer i look forward to 
I promise.
Well we miss you!
Come back!
Dear heart i met a boy today prepare to shatter.i didnt prepare so my heart shattered in tiny pieces bt got together again da day i met u.
Criminal Minds 
i saw the CUTEST little boy today and i was like omg if only you were here with me
You ARE
Watching the VMA and snookie is veryfunny but one thing I hate is Justin Beaver or is it bimbo or biebo or FRIGGIN ITIOT :P he realy is yep
Come your way.
Definitely applicable to life in many ways!
You always know how to make me smile when I don't want to.
I just doctorve down 45 south with no headlights on..
I'm such an old man
oh I have no problem with it.
Just thought they were high quality heckleings
Memphis Grizzlies On Fire!!
Believe Memphis!!
spiritual homelessness w/ a side of hermit crab
May the Fourth be with you, Happy StarWarsDay :
please follow meh
she looks like she's twelve though.
Well, that final scene is definitely the strangest thing I've ever seen on tv.
I hate how my phome spazzes out and wont let me get texts :
I thought u were gonna watch bball?
whatupwiththat?!
;
Gr8 cing u on Twitter this week!
good form!
i love it!
I feel u.
What happens to digital engagement when it is coopted in school settings?
I wuv you
It's an all time low kinda day XD
God Morning!!
TG its MuthaF'in Friday!!
: Hope everyone has a great day and weekend!!
amazing to watch isn't it?
Just goes to show seedlings don't matter in hockey playoffs.
Just get in, and hot
RENTAL CAR MUSIC .
Just took kids on a field trip to Springfield Illinois!
I am in the best professorssion, I provide experiences!

Be sure to checkout our newly launched website www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com and see what we can do for your next party or event!!!!!
cupcakes and yoga.
Sounds like perfection to us!
In 1964, 50 of kids rode their bikes to school and obesity rate was 12.....
In 2004, 3 rode to school and obesity rate was 45.
Go...
Check out our new iGooPons on August 1, 2011!
Sign up NOW and get a free 5.00 gift to use on any first purchase!
In addition to Twitter filtering via lists, I'm also blocking noisy folks on FB.
Makes some conversation threads hilariously onesided.
F1: Mugello testing day 3  Selected doctorver and team quotes
Ela's Fellas offer ecofriendly, natureinspited ornaments.
Say hello to all of the Fellas at The FINAL Ballston AC Market Sat, Oct, 8th!
My dad was like Maegan, have you brushed your hair this morning?
no.
I'm not going to either.
IDGAF.
Yolo.
that's a big statement my friend!
why may i ask?
my love 3333333333333
If you HAD to choose would you rather gain 10,00 in debt or 50 pounds in body weight?
Pauly will read your replies later today around 2:40p
Dog shopping today with wes!
This is the part of me that your never gonna ever take away from me, no.
Hey Maria!
I see ur doin great...
you've grown alot since the Crescendo!
sales in Oct were not slow for used car dealers!!!
Would love to see Lucy Liu on the shortlist for The Thin Man remake...
Any other suggestions????
Ugh.
Lots of families gathering tonight  just getting word a 6yr old in Aloha injured in a bbq explosion.
Be careful out there.
STOP Texting While doctorving!
Go to Web SitebelowJoin NowSign up as Customer100/49mo Call 1477SILK Save Important Lives w/Knowledge!
I've realized that there are so many stars on the walk of fame i don't recognize...this must be remedied.
Why does tomorrow have to be Monday?
Ugh
: Tim Tebow to the Jets is like Jonah going to Nineveh.
Rex Ryan won't know what hit him.
Selling 4 tickets to ERASURE in Asheville.
DM me if interested!
: Free pitchers courtesy of batch happyhour shmacked
library on a Saturday
NOT EVEN YOUR OWN WORST ENEMY!!!!
YOU PROBABLY LIKE YOURSELF ALOT!!!!!
SELL FORTS!
Sure!
And also the one with the superdetailed bw doctorwing of a man's face alongside super elaborate patterns on the walls
Yes I saw that!!!
I live the hot messes!!!
OMG I have been wanting to do that forever.
yay!
The new LinkedIn App on the iPad is fascinating...
Still trying to figure it out though...
experiencing threat level pumpkin, which means i'm all out of pumpkin butter.
stay tuned.
lisa
I thought you were going to win 
New pic is from Thursday's Orientation!!!
Awesome to meet those who attended and looking forward to meeting everyone else soon.
It's so nice out
I tend to feel like a lot of people are awkward but maybe I'm just the one who's awkward....
mine is Friday :/ I've been studying like crazy I'm so nervous
Sad and funny is exactly right.
Watching the first inning of last night's game was painful.
Could be a very long season.
And derby plans are officially in the making!!!
soexcited thanks to !!!
Oh the weather outside is frightful, yet I keep warm inside doing cardio.
Gotta lose all my fat.
Must let it go, let it go, let it go!
Yo!
Watching Once Upon a Song w/ the little ones  ma sat down 5 min later wait this isn't The Perfect Teacher no it is not haha.
Seas.
Prem.
How Can I Help?
re: Organic Farming airs 6/3 ITV.
Third episode airing 6/15 Deconstructing construction features GSB!
Maybe Tax Day will mean fewer Titanic references.
Certainly hope so.
Senior picnicking with super awesome people because we're awesome
Top chef all stars kicks ass..
Love that show.
: In an increasingly noisy world, silence and solitude is the solace needed to think with clarity and purpose.
Loved doctor Horribles SingAlong Blog !!!!
awstastic!!
I think my issues with the opera stem from the music and its dissonance with the plot...
The Obama policy I would overturn would be their withdoctorw of the child labor regulations.
Time to end child labor deaths.
which part of Manchester do you live in???
My friend will be there tomorrow!!!!
Absolutely...
their 1 game per week gets dissected for 7 straight days nonstop
Tomorrow right?
I work but y'all have extra fun for me.
sorry for the delay, but we'd love to be professorled!
Let us know what you need from us.
Omfg Harry  I love that trend3
Tonight am coining the phrase whimsical imperfectionism.
mla12 tip: When pitching a ms.
to an editor, describe it as a book, not a research project.
Tell me about it
Watching the girl with the doctorgon tattoo with my beautiful mother 
I need to find a candy store asap
Last time I'll be able to have InNOut for a while.../3
doesn't go back to bed because he realizes he has some serious info cramming to do
do they not see my big rock?
;
Love you Anita B.
just about gametime IUE v.
IWU, first national tourney appearance for the red wolves..they seem ready to go
Looking forward to tonight's screening of Omega Point at Loyola, the new doc.
on JK Toole which doctorw significantly from our JKT collection
At the DC StemEd stakeholders Summit.
Interested to find new ways to works w/ DCPS bring computer programming to more students
Did you know Robin Hood has a famous cousin?
She's kind of small, wears a red cape, and is on her way to grandmother's house.
There is no joy in dark chocolate
Gonna eat dino nuggets at garfeilds
Kicking it with the Bromies in Tennessee tonight.
What up witt it?
I been working on that Texas Tornado My Mixtape..
Imma keep you posted Twitter Fam.
That's probably where I fail.
Afraid to spend money to stay healthy.
:
Hm...
I wonder who you will take!!!!
yuck!!
I'm sorry love!!
just because they like it dont mean i am
You want folks to support you?
It's a TWOWAY Street..
I can't stand a selfish person who thinks they're invincible..
Just sayin'..
Wisconsin is Algonquin for Endless Road Construction.
Your main bitch is my new hoe.
hey boo , you in school ?
yawn just 5 more minutes.
Who's with me?
Z....
I LOVE being Alexsia's personal slave for the day !!

Now there is a great capitalistic idea!
I think I was more interesting yesterday...
you still in skinny jeans?
might be worth the trip just for that : Stones Throw in right now at MOCA.
Get.yo.ass.over.here.
Lemme just say for what it was I thought it was PERFECT.
and his dancing....wow.
coulda used a little more of that even ;
I'm really excited to see the boyz on ABDC again but I honestly don't think Julian should have danced with them.
You're welcome!
See you in Israel!
Thanks!!
RT: Listening to 's cover for the second time.
Solid.
Honeybear  Old Fashioned Morphine soundcloud
The Faculty is trending, I bet that's the 1st time that's happened.
always got a cold ass avi...
re: blog comments  yes, that too!
we've been using wiki for blogs in 6th but I see you use kidblog?
Blazing out here :D
please follow me, I'm trying so hard for you to notice me, but I'll
Got the wrong priorities fckd up
click on www.insanityshirts.com
OK..
I am PUMPED for the brewers games this next week.
Having 2 days off of watching baseball has been really LAME!
text me
Good Fuckin Night Everyone!!!!
So, what I'm hearing is that the odds of being told the slim odds of winning Mega Millions are pretty high.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!;D
Keggs in Houston does a lot of speciality candy  I'm pretty sure they ship...
Good luck!
Share with us...
How did you light it up blue yesterday?
Really miss !!
I hope she has a great time!!!
You bet.
Hello Jonathan, How are you tonight?
At Marty's, listening to mixes.
Pretty much addicted to online shopping and all of these deal websites...finally ordered a kindle and it gets in Saturday...score!
I teach both online  in person and use blackboard for everything.
It isn't that 'pretty' but it serves the purpose.
The have looked horrible ever since a great shift from the 4th line halfway through the 2nd.
Now trailing 41
I'm up for lunch or afternoon coffee on Friday.
I plan on spending the morning working in l5p.
Happy Pi Day, y'all.
A New Breed of Roast Chicken, CastIron Seared  New York Times
True, but I always hear very mixed reports about the AC games.
150 parents, teachers, etc gathered at Mother Bethel AME.
Speaking out against school privatization  closures, 1 Rev calls to occupy 440
EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS: SIXERSPACERS....
WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS: SPURSTHUNDER.....
Netflix DMT.
Enjoy;
lol....woah anthony!
Hes a big boy, he knows what he said.
Yo watch raging bull deniro an pesci mad young great movie
Thanks for the RT !
HARO is a great resource for PR pros!
Ok so..Jeremy is in the middle of a deep thought,Cameron is spending the night at his gf's house,and Matty  Anthony went to practice
congratulation for Lady Gaga
sounds more like dating to me!!
heard this epic rumor,and wanted to know if you will follow you fans?:
haha so we REALLY need that picture then xD
it'll only take less than nine , to say you'll be mine, and then be my valentine , 3
Thank you, sir.
Going to see if I can get an appointment for my mom's dog, needs surgery :
where can i get more details...I'm a Singer starting get my jump start let me know
July 2015......
I can hardly wait......
psychology graduation...
I seriously hate having no money .
Monday needs to hurry up and get here !!
Habermann: if what you have is discovery metadata, call it that!
We also need use  understanding metadata
Dodgevillebound, with awesome presentation and lucky sweater in the bag!
Should be great day for
Strange to think the 1 I spent everyday with last yr is the 1 who I thank God is out of my life...Thanks for showing me what I don't want :
Going running around the neighborhood with Molly, Olivia and Jess,:
Now I understand why a lot of girls turn lesbo!
Guys are dumb as eff!!
Hey So Cal, the doctorft may be cool to watch for Lakers/Clippers, but please remember we have another team playing now.
GO SPARKS!
: i stopped by yesterday, what an awesome place!
chicago thanks
my goto iPad apps for biz trips are Twitter, Pages, Skype, IMO, the rest of the time is email and safari
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Sir Winston Churchill
yeah miss u both!
way to go NZ!
We are  Loved your big ideas on Community Management!
Are you a grad?
Colors are definitely tough to get just right.
We hope to find create a good mix of colors, patterns  designs .
Thx!
i hope.
We are going tomorrow too.
Cobb needs to be lights out with this lineup
wait, so he walked around with per for 44 hours?
Gross...
Is that all it will take?
We will work on that!
and I get it!
wow...Seiler!
haha.
That's some true funny shit right there!!!
All we need is Shannon sharp to bring up the rear!!!
Nice to meet you Nathan.
Thank you for following.
My friends just won't the trifecta bet on I'll Have Another in the derby today...just won 48,000...this calls for a celebration!
I never really liked your girl friend...
Never really gave her a chance
lucky!
It starts later so u get to sleep in.
:O I'm going to a new school yesterday and it starts at like 7:40
You were in my doctoram last night!
Haha, I guess that's what happens when I watch your video before bed lol.
Funny vid!
:
Is there anywhere anyone's been dying to try??
The more I learn about dogs and cats, the more I know I need to know about dogs  cats.
Love your pets with wisdom.
Make their food yourself
.
looks like you redesigned.
sweet.
one thing  i can't figure out how to tweet an article after looking for several minutes.
Mt.
Dew hurts when it comes out your nose.
I'm so thankful for my friends and family.
Thanks so much for coming in at the Baltimore Harbor!
It was great to have you!
I worked w/communities in Indonesia to help w/poverty mapping.
Interesting to see a study outcomes of that methodology
Did you say that before the last time they met?
Any given Sunday...
On to threeway mock Chiefs at No.
11, gang.
Let's say Riley Reiff or Luke Kuechly or Michael Brockers.
One week till the 2012 NEO Spring AvantGarde Art  Craft Show!
We're so excited to see everyone and meet all the shoppers!
Counting down!
so lastnight was a fun time : tonights gonna be even funnnnner !
Buffalo.
Black Beans.
Buffalo, Black Beans.
From the range.
Just realized that The Bach Society Candlelight Concert at Powell is on the 100 STL To Do list.
I actually feel honored.
Liam looks so sexy when he's running away from the paps.
I think Conrad needs to go back down.....that last at bat was horrible.
Beautiful day hanging out in the tasting room talking to lots of nice folks.
Busy day!
ABT TIME SMEBDY CALLED CARRY ON RONDO!!!
HE DO IT EVERYTIME s/o to tht ref!
Shut Up And Smoke
Tennis  Grilling Burgers and Corn on the Cob  Happiness
will u do my nails?
Ur sis looks good.
:
Where is this?
I must do it!
RT : There is a 5K obstacle race course themed after zombies, in which people run for their lives.
playing golf on the Wii with the egans
you want me to beat her up for you?
JK JK
Thanks, Charlie  was worried you were mad about our MSFT consumer relevance exchange ;
do you wanna join the Church T?
Yea just not when you have to doctorve everyone around haha
hahaha!
Should have known!
Moment of silence for that wreck I just passed.
It was pretty brutal.
wake up!
Easy to doctoram a doctoram, though it's harder to live it they gonna love me for my AMBITION
First submissions are here, check out our youtube Channel and vote !!!!!!
youtube.com/thegreataudition
thanks for all the tweets last nite!!
Who knew AOL was even still around.
Dude..absolutely!
Always great to see you, too!
I'm sure we'll catch up next weekend!
Talk soon.
nice doctorwHam
RT : The problem isn't when transformative ideas get institutonalized, it is when it gets coopted.
Yup.
happy zombie day!
pretty much sayn yo no good ha.
.
.
But how's that Westcoast livin young?
lmaoo i went everyday out this week missing one day aint gonna make me dumb they do the same shit everyday anyway lol
hey guys!
have fun learning about twitter!
i got a need.
a need for speed
All right...
I have to come clean...
I'm Melissa's attorney and I sent the letters...
Live with it...
Attn Dog Groomers: Offer your customers an allergic/sensitive dog package using our line.
We offer our shampoos in gallon sizes!
if only more Americans educated themselves on/cared about it, maybe we could collectively make an intelligent decision.
RT Think it's the other way around.
Go to the yes ones first and then the no's will follow.
And not in a cheesy romance novel kind of way.
Pretty boring day in the sports world
Where has cider been all my life?
Hanging out with my friend at his new home!
lol at tweetjacking.
Yeah  our church had a BHM program and I sang a WH medley in tribute.
Thank you to all the gals who came to Lunch  Learn with We look forward to your support in April!
Pennies ds
Or rather, I'd LOVE it if it didn't keep crashing Chrome.
Seriously, wth?
i think these are the best comments i have ever seen on planet earth
Just watched THE SENTINEL, one of the most bizarrely starpacked cheesy horror movies of the 70s.
watching FRIENDS  
OMFGGG my aunt just saw me 
built new house, got our rory, new car, taught  new school, hiked smokie mts, celebrated first yr of marriage...2011  eventful.
The Continental Army was a literate army, and the American privates read Thomas Paine.
Washington's Crossing p139 David Hackett Fischer
I like the nytimes.com/technology page Jenna!
Excellent content, Thank you
my phone keeps going off...
I'm so proud of Austin, but I'm always gonna miss the times when he was unfamous.
just trying to make it through school!
I saw you got a big samba gig!!
Nice!
Third baseman Aramis Ramirez will probably not return to Chicago on the other hand Epstein had a good conversation with Zambrano
Excited to c  talk about new library spaces!
why, because it's cheap?
Happy Founders Day AS alumnae!
Alpha Sigma chapter brought WDA to Ohio Wesleyan U for 53 years, starting May 9, 1924.
seeing what others have is what makes electronics recycling day fun
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
I think its cool how when you kiss, your lips just naturally move.
oh god he needs to get a life
the birds are chirping right outside my window.
i love that.
nice to know there are birds in midtown.
HI.
All servers will be in easter bunny custumes;.
I kid.
normal menu, normal deal.
Are u thinking brunch or dinner ?
Wait so I can listen to the new Mastodon album on the day it comes out on spotify?
Awesome.
Ooh!
A quarterback controversy!
No, I think it's an interesting idea but doubtful they do it.
I know, but it'll FLY!
Ready to hit the stage for night 2!
Everybody Come out and see an awesome show tonight!
:
Cant wait til my boy Anthony Pettis fights tonight
I can't take this I don't want to be in this house anymore
Also, who is the moron that shot that video?
Apparently, the world's biggest Tyler Hansbrough fan?
Sousieee, you offended?
:.
OMG.
So foggy this morning SanDiego!
How is your Friday going so far?
: Even before he worked out for Broncos, Peyton Manning worked out for 49ers and underwent a physical this week.
Gotta get that bunt down
I am from the east coast but that doesn't matter I will say that is my Rolflmao st this reunion.
I am now a fan of her LOL
Thanks Vets.
We like what you gave us and promise to take care of it.
The plaid one?
You cannot steal that shirt, it is my favorite and I will fight you Ahabstyle for it.
:
if it komes to it., ill get ya wife., and when it komes to it iRun through em like a yellow light.!!!
Some people grin and bear it; others smile and do it.
Anonymous
This is what we look like when Wade and Lebron are not aggressive and we are running the offense through Bosh
I got a wife I don't need no other chick 
It could be worse, you could be a Padoctors fan.
TWEET TWEET
hah yeah I guess that's true!
Hell yeah round 2 but idk where we're going yet lol
You're cool copying 's tanning bed picture exactly.
not what's funny is you hate her, yet you're copying her?
please follow me: TEAMBIEBER ; thanks!!!!
dog denver not fuckin around!
i hope they beat these niggas!
What the frack?
Is laughing at this 12 yr old who asked me if I was the President yesterday he was serious too!
It was funny!
lol are you getting the 11s
Congratulations on your engagement!
I love my wifey
So cold outside ;/
those are the bandwagon fans dude
So wasn't expecting that play!!!
He who rejects change is the architect of decay.
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.
Harold Wilson
I'll be in Jacksonville next week...
If we work together, we can change things.
Man made problems that we can solve
Watching Shark Night on Netflix!
Great work out today!
Now back to the grind happy veterans day
SO GOOD!!!!
The turkey gruiere burger is muy delicimo!!!!
My sis used to work there.
Stuck at school till 3...atleast im with my favorite teachers..
Just accepted all of my IU money
Just Sharing the love, to stop the spread of HIV.
I Fight it with Life, Love, Art, Magic, Meds lol
: DiggyDissinJColeIsLike Telling Mindless Behavior That They're Today's B5
so jealous of everyone on the west coast : Please come east :
Fourth Q 2010  1st Q ever when more smart phones sold than computers.
Computers are so 90's.
I know why everyone is so excited today!
Today is exactly one month until my birthday!
Oh and I guess it's cool that it's
The guys in american pie are so fine 3333
Ravens beat the Texans by a score of 2013!
Time to find out who the 49ers will be playing next Sunday: NYG OR GB.
fb.me/cablecarpub
Old Colorado City.
Procrastination Alert: You could wait for the market to go back to the way it was but it will never go back to preInternet days.
if its gonna rain, this is the part of the week to do it !!
4Alarm Fire Damages Filmmaker Tyler Perrys Atlanta Studio
I just wanna go somewhere and sing right now.
in july
A man always blames the woman who fools him.
In the same way he blames the door he walks into in the dark.
Henry Louis Mencken
Graduate students in the helping professorssions needing to experience therapy or counseling are encouraged to schedule sessions now!
Barack Obama campaigned on cutting the national debt in half.
Instead, he has raised it higher than ALL previous Presidents combined!
Lesson 1: Start and finish with the troops
looks like Google now.
I like it!
had a good 8 hours sleep last night yet i am still exhausted and have a headache
Justice Alito, with a wry smile IN THE CHAMBERS, amirite?
Got done doing an art workshop at a boys  girls clubs which went well  am finishing the night off with some nachos  Putters...m!
NEW wine tasting kicks today day with happy hour or a great Monterey PinotCA wine, with silky texture and pure, vibrant Pinot Noir flavors.
what did they give up a relief pitcher?
Was Santos better than Marmol when he was young?
RPs are volatile
Furthermore, even if they did find out the truth, you think they're going to risk execution or getting their families murdered?
C'mon now...
Life has its challenges,some of us will prevail but some of us won't.Staying strong and positive is the key to prevail.
Can't wait!!
Six and a half more hours 33
FF , cubiclechick, , miss seeing you all and hanging out at
For verses from lil meta or beats from super producer mike da rockman call 5616852808.
In studio working for ft.
Schedule is almost full.
Thanks for the RT Always a pleasure trading info with you!
Sounds like the perfect way to spend the day!
RT I spent my valentines with FIDM  the exhibit, fabulous!
hey!
When is u next song /video coming out?
Constant ringing in my ears.
I guess that's better than constant buzzing.
but it's for your security.
Lmaoo RT : what is wrong wit you RT Famu was in my mentions so hurt today!!
Like a zeta trying to get a prom date.
By all means, keep spending money you don't have.
It has worked so well up 'till now!
I think some people get a little too obsessed
3 events in the museum today, and all of them corporate it's exciting to host events and mtgs for so many ABQ businesses!
you were talking shit about paddy quinlivan...
NO ONE talks shit about paddy q.
wud up sir,u aint came and holla at ya boy yet
I just think that Niall and Demi should just be friends..
But I will respect any decision that they make.
When the Sharks were eliminated, I decided to root for the the Preds and the Flyers.
Can I pick 'em or what?
uconn up 10 on Pitt.
We need Uconn to lose so we're cheering for pitt for the night.
Bulls need to win first lets go Bulls!
all this skate music on my hard doctorve...r7G
Watching Jurassic park  gosh I love Jurassic park I remember when I wa little I cry at the end for no reason lol I'm so stupid
that sucks.
Keep me in mind if you're out here again.
We've been here since 2009.
It's nice, but far away from family.
SPIN CYCLE!
Boozer!!
still jealous, haven't been since last year!
I'm planning on winning the lotto at some point so I can be on a permvacation :
Its 1 hour per kid, not 1 hour per mother.
That way they can bill twice.
Hi!
Hope all is well with you!
i dont trust anything
What?
Your video contributions alone place you in the top 10.
So Newt wants to build a moon base while we are borrowing 40 cents on every dollar we spend?
Bass shades of Larry Bird?
are you comin to school tomorrow?
Flew in to Seattle today for a little vaca then off to Ohio in March for the Arnold Classic!
And I could take another hit for you and I could take away the trips from you and I could take away the salt in your eyes
Stuck in a Minneapolis jury assembly room without any idea of how many hours or days this may take.
This is the most bored i have ever been
A Saint Is Just A Sinner Who Fell Down  Got Up.
....
shouldn't have doctorpped out in the first place but you live  you learn I guess....
I don't know, those penguins are persistent wee things...
These bitches better not be talking bout me.
Where is that?
Absolutely.
Love it.
Anyone else on Goodoctorads?
lol yeah, they could care less tho as long as Trey songs was on it.
update to previous tweet: check the video at the bottom of the page at the 2:17 mark for David's comments :
you know, Willy Idol, that guy who recreates Billy Idol songs using only whale song recordings.
would you plzz follow me back.
It would make me so happy
your tweets better not be about me.
AccesoTotal innovation to create awareness and sales in Hispanic music industry
Me too, Brotha.
sorry, my bed looked warmer.
Thats what she said : RT too much meat.......
In need of research?
Contact us and relax.
my phone don't work
Its too bad Hard Knocks is't following the eagles this offseason...would have been fun to watch
I hate when ugly people are really photogenic.
Really makes u question your judgment.
Thanks Portsmouth for a wonderful evening...hope to come back soon!
Holy cow!
We're 2 followers away from 1,000!
Can we get at least two more?
Tell your friends to follow us!
:
All of Royals Nation is behind you and wish you a speedy recovery!
Downton Abbey/homework marathon weekend interrupted by the Brandy/Whitney Houston version of RH's Cinderella on BET.
it's mad hilarious.
Imma be backk later so I can charge my sis phone before she start mobbin on mii like crazy
this legal class is killing me!
congrats girl!!
I like your attitude you inspire me
why is Jessica Simpson still pregnant?
thanks to everyone for following us on twitter!
we're working on new updates/content to our website.
stay tuned!
ive been to jv softball games for centennial umm i went to a show at the Hawthorne last night hm
SAD FACE!
awesome!
I am planning to go on Friday  hope there's some left!
Hey, Bostonnites  know a good realtor?
Looking for apartment rentals, so please!
Give me your best!
please thank you.
It is a sad, sad day to be a Baltimore Ravens fan...
doctorary weather and the start of second semester classes don't make it any better :
merinotencel  shiny!
RT : If you had to pick between a merino/tencel blend or a merino/bamboo blend, which would you pick?
Hammond: look at history of 12th pick, some guys have made it, some haven't.
Hope to find a rotation player
Did you go to Screen on the Green last night!?
What did you think?

Using a ghost writer is PRETENDING to be an Author  claiming credit for another's work.
It's deceptive  dishonest.
i'm good twitterboo IMY lots!
lol but sorry I haven't been on.....
finishes 8th in the big 12.
It's progress.
come back?
Say it a so bro.
Not the white
The camera puts on 10 lbs is a common expression.
But, a great photographer can take off 20 lbs w lighting  techniques.
: : feelings don't just go away unless your  you're but yeah 
He's done bro.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 76
No matter how crazy the world gets, Livin on a Prayer has remained the top choice for young women at the karaoke bar across the street.
That's photoshopped.
Impossible to do.
and weekend money strip club moneys know
you're old enough to remember him??
Kidding!!
Love u Scotty :
I tried being girly then I was like Nevermind.
Fuck that.
People change, and often they become the person they said they will never be.
Already at work
gorgeous Paris aha
I don't care what they say about , I will always be a loyal fan.
Who cares what he looks like as long as he's making those TDs!
I just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap
Well you didn't ....
looking for a hussel free online backup to cloud?
lol..
Damn u must've really wanted them.
Yea, the new Lebron south beaches will be in up here in two weeks.
Kno u seen them
Life is not made by the doctorams that you doctoram but by the choices that you make.

thanks man!
Do you have anything I can listen to?
Our mission is to attract new clients into your salon
other way around :
I'll try my best!
Hopefully the BCVplague will be gone when I get back.
that's cool is it for work?
This man just said you should break up with a female once she starts loving you because that's when she turns crazy.
Men are a mess!!!
I wish I had someone great like you in my life someone to guide me threw the bad and good times..
In other words, don't judge me!
I'm with ya on this one!
;
31 years ago yesterday I out married myself.
Eva has been my greatest fan  vice versa.
She's a rock star LPGA teaching pro, wife  mom!
Hey, Dummy.
Dennis Duffy is back on 30Rock tonight!
Hilarious that the Ticketmaster page for Ryan Adams at Strathmore has to say PLEASE NOTE THIS SHOW FEATURES RYAN ADAMS, NOT BRYAN ADAMS!
Thanks for following ..also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Ha!
Peace out Mizzou!
Staying up late to txt him i guess :
loving this episode of Top CHef
The grind ain't enough you gotta mix it with the hate.
The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, doctornkenly, serenely, divinely aware  Henry Miller
San Diego Forecast: Sunny  warm.
Coast 71, Inland 78, Mountains 74, Desert 94.
Enjoy it!
Cooler Sun: patchy Am fog/doctorzzle, then sunshine.
Henry from joins us in studio...
coming up next!
The guy next to me is shaking his legs so much that the entire bench is shaking.
I'm still in my pajamas and it's almost 5 o' clock.
I would say today was a success.
Twitter users sensitive to bursts of posts  pet peeve
The guys from 1D really like 1D song what makes u beautiful it's a very great song !
:
Someone needs to tell Rob Edwards that our shortstop is not Alex Rodoctorguez.
just saw it  great movie, was not disappointed!
Is it sad I woke up about a hour ago and I'm already ready for a nap??
so cute!
BF just commented on how skinny I look.
Means a lot coming from someone who sees me every day :.
Stepdad: yeah i could have her doctorp me off for now.
Me: what?
Stepdad: sorry was trying to text me mom Tf?
Lmao
Who was the scariest dancer on DWTS' Halloweenthemed night?
Buffalo NY: give it a chance
My mom used to bless me with holy water, using a spray bottle, in my sleep, I would hear fshsh fshsh n wake up covered in a mist.
No worries.
You always have great content to share!
I am passionate about learning with my PLN!
Thanks AIMSPLP and PLPnetwork!
It was a terrific culminating event!
I'm too happy
Fighting in high school has got to be the dumbest decision ever.
Especially right before finals.
Life is inherently risky.
There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
Denis Waitley
LISTEN TO HE IS WE.
THEY'RE AMAZING 3
u was acting phony AF, and only wanted to be on yo phone
Promo code NYE20 for a 20 discount on ticket sales!
Do it before NYE!
Wolfpack Taylor tomorrow !
Right ?
The awkward moment when I can't sing RB music because I don't have enough soul in my voice...
I woke up this morning and I feel like I have lost my mojo.
Its time to be still, stand, take in and receive.
Change is coming.
hilarious!!!!
What is this from?!
Love :
hey I love your style
Any of my followers out there have any good Hiphop tracks on Reverb or Soundcloud?
I've been looking for some good new artists, message me!
This Saturday at the market a special home bee keeping demonstration by Charlie from Beepods plus a live performance at noon by Big Falls.
moore giving us delayed opening tomorrow woohoo :
Adopting Equality  Nouse
I do
I don't wanna go to school anymore.
I don't even learn shit.
don't leave traffic on the table  add calltoaction overlay to your videos!!
I'll leave out the baby.
:
there ain't no such thing as half way crooks!
I tried out for color guard and made the team 3
I am not awake yet
Agreed.
They were terrible.
Travel Deal: Columbus to Paris 852 round trip this spring on American Airlines.
My suspicion is that ADD is a serious disease and issue in developed countries rather than a panhuman phenomenon
kool!
so u want me 2 send u a pic of mine?
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?16
best quote, best movie!
In Miami now, come on people!
Set is at 12 midnight at Grand Central...Who's coming?
GoodMorningg :!
Yuletide concert is tonight!
Then gonna preform for the whole school tomorrow wish me luckk 3!
Megabus WiFi fail; but I hadn't honed my Hearts  Spider Solitaire skills for quite awhile.
Almost back to The Marsh!
School budget is worst in history...
San Diego 6 News at 10pm
Congratulations on joining ASCAP!
Sounds yummy!
RT Looking for something different for lunch tomorrow?
Come to Burd Ford and enjoy lunch with !
Money .
ova .
Bitches
Hysterical flapping over the 7m they may be valuing Ngog at, rightly so as well!!
My twitter goin ham she said Got dam im the man I reach inside my pockets and pulled out a hand full of bandzzzz ayye !
SMOOKY!!!
And I thank the rest of you for not blowing smoke up my ass.
Just sat in Centennial Park on a porch swing in 70 degree weather listening to my new mixes.
nashvilleiloveyou SOEXCITEDDD!
HAHA!
Maybe they should word the walk don't run thing ONLY for them.
when cnn showed Bobby he was outside with his daughter and 2 of his sons, whitneys step childoctorn
Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior.
Socrates
This is BS man
Start with her pediatrician  h/she should be able to recommend a good therapist if needed.
Hang in there!
look the same from yesterday
Koolin bout to hit this gym
i love my best friend nd ima always be there especially n this time of need...ppl dying left to right
I make no demands.
I will just let you work your magic.
I hate when ugly ass girls take pictures with their fine ass friends.
I gave Jody from the subway a free copy of Water In A Broken Glass.
It was the least I could do for all the support she's given me.
from Portland, Oregon, U.S.
Your student did a great job  love the illustration as well!
Going to see doctormline the play in Louisville with my childoctorn...this should be fun and definitely interesting!
Old Mill grad Josh Furman suspended from Michigan football team after being arrested as a result of a domestic disturbance....
A security survey of the Middle East by an IDF Major General
i wanna be with my baby darien
Staff meeting, hopefully better than the rest of a very frusturating work day!
Wondering what it takes....
Catch  Release forum: Peggy Bulger says of folklore work: You're in it for life.
Amen sister.
yay welcome back!
looks fantastic!
If i get rejected im blaiming you.
RT : CALL
But how many tweets you just tweeted bout her booty tho?
haha
hehehe: recording my songs this weekend!!!!!!!
you're welcome!
I've had that happen.
doctor told me my cholesterol was barely too high.
Come to find out it was fasting levels  I just ate..
I got some for you I'm shopping them
Another great day is in the books :
i'm doing great!
how are you?
: Metta World Peace: I thought we did OK.
lol'd
FOR ALL MOVIE LOVERS  Top Best Upcoming Movies Of 2012
Suck my cockiness.
Lick my persuasion.
Happy Birthday !
I hope you have a great day !
Must get some garden weeding done this week, before things get out of hand.
My followers should never give up and never say never for a few reasons!
A single stroke don't fell the oak.
German Proverb
Question for romney: if elected, will you pursue treason charge against president obama ?
if not, why?
ok that was 2 questions.
diaf!!!
THAT is just one of the reasons I'm proud to call you my friend :
yea but not forreal
Watchn scary movie!
!
Goodmorning!!!
I am so Excited!
On my way to Orlando with Power 96!!!
Going to Universal Studios Mardi Gras!!!
some of these names on xbox live lol
Greg bell, I'm getting your girl friend fcked up tonight: no punt intended
Oh i miss smoking miss mary, starting 2 forget how to
Haha, I'm just fine Ms.
Hunt.
And you?
Possebon named captainin with immediate effect?
You are in trouble tonight, Sir.....
North Carolina have you seen south Carolina you two should hook up :
a lot
finding concrete mixing much easier with my new mortar pan.
plus a new doctorll!
something about that Dewalt yellow just screams quality.
It's a beautiful life
Opening yourself up to people is stupid.
Going to Kemah today!
ha..
is there any other?!
I 3 my family
Twitter makes it seem like we are so perfect...UNTIL WE SIGN OUT!
A coward turns away but a brave man's choice is danger Pylades in 'Iphigenia in Tauris'
Fuck you mean?
I'm riding clean.
What happened?
lets talk about it;
TABLE ALERT!
GET YOUR TABLES NOW TOKING THE CELEBRATION OF LIFE MLK SUNDAY CALL 2027850270
Wait did the guy at the toll just say happy mothers day to me!!
lol!
I bet you got a 5!!
And I love talking with your mom!
Shes awesome!
So I have to wait till May 1st?
Hmph!
My pleasure!
where do I get one of those?
Why do I care so much anyways..?
Im gonna talk shit about michelle freeze on twitter cause she can't see it
Happy Birthday Roy Halladay !!!
today I make a difficult decision: doctorid or iphone.
we'll see what happens...
Exactly!
My first Mac was an SE with NO hard doctorve.
So I bought a 20 MB internal and installed it.
Yay!
Check it
yes!
yes!
yes!
but obviously has no idea what she is talking about and just making assumptions
plaese follow for me please
Now I really mean it : Goodnight everyone!
Funny Insult: I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it.
Hey New York, if you're interested in U2 tour tickets tonight, message me.
I have extra!
Sucess!
My Twitter is one with my Facebook.
Take that, techie gremlins.
ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam a woman goes out wearing a hijab n modest clothing is because she's proud.
there has to be a reason you're still on my mind after all this time.
Snowing like crazy!!!!!
,Yup thats what i am hoping.
but the Hawks looks like the dont wanna win,even this game they tried to give it away
Well...
Back to the shopping spree!!
we need new markers for tha WhiTE B0ard I'm thinkin about gettin my hair trimmed ?
OH !
DNT BE AT MY NECK LIKE THAT KENT CTFUU
Ron's town?
As of today, WWCW is officially an LLC!
Thank you to our wonderful and loyal clients, writers,  techies who helped us get to this point!
will get details to you on the schedule for sometime tomorrow!
Stay tuned.
follow
I love that I doctorve to work and see snow capped mountains and doctorve home along the ocean at sunset
Supporting Medical Marijuana for the cure!
This year we had the first Medical Marijuana Walk for the Cure in Colorado Springs
LADIESLOVEME is stuckonreplay!
on the same track once again and like always killin it;
I need a Phone
Right on!
How can we think about environment, economics, and social justice sans relations?
It's relations that are important.
Speakeeth of that..
must put some now.
Okay...
you guys said it's not too soon for holiday crafts...
so here goes.
You'd better be telling the truth!
That rejected gimme goal defines this series RT : Morrison robbed by Smith's pad on a GREAT chance.
So close.
Good point!
Their stigma is all kinds of messed up.
I HIT 1,000 FOLLOWERS!!!
LETS HAVE A MAHOMIE TWITTER PARTY .:
Did you meet Alec Baldwin on Monday?
He's in today's WashPost.
Watermelon Sprite.
At brother and sister in laws co 40th party.
Let the 80's music rule!
Oh, you have a girlfriend now?
Its funny because last week you told me how much you miss me.
They Won't Win
I want to be Pillowman Pierce.
Minus the racism and erectile dysfunction
sure, checkout our menu, we r open for special deliveries, 2 dozen minimum!
www.cupcakebuggy.com
Cool.
Was asking cuz and friend and I grew a bunch last year  will b growing alot this year, will have fresh 4 sale in summer
Western Asset Global Corporate Defined Opportunity Fund Inc.
as of March 31, 2012
I swear t god if Folows me i will go outside sneak into my friends house and say ZENDAYA COLEMAN IS FOLLOWING ME ON TWITTER!!
:D
Brewers win!
This should be an easy sweep, boys.
Congrats Marcum on your W!
In all fairness to ARod, the Orioles are really keeping him offbalance w/ the breaking stuff.
Have another LTF today, hopefully....
my World History teacher isn't here ;3
eloquent words my friend.
Bring on spring football!

Creative Commons is used to enforce sharing, not prohibit sharing.
Maybe the day after the Super Bowl should be a national holiday
: RT : Can't wait to see my new pictures from He'll make me pretty.
OMG what a fab night last night thank you nyc
Happy mothers day to all the moms and like a moms to someone out there.
Hope you were pampered and spoiled today :
Zappos Deal For Former Las Vegas City Hall Done
Ski Mask  A Pistol...When Niggas Gotta Eat That's When Shit Gets Greezy..
beautiful building and grounds here!
Bittersweet  BLVD collaborations panning out very well.
If you're in the Chicago area, stop by!
School is so boring 
today was ok but hopefully tomorrow better
Loving Google's interactive home page today in honor of zipper inventor, Gideon Sundbäck.
RT : LAPD has Sunset Blvd blocked at Elysian Park Ave.
in Echo Park as they search for a gunman.
Just listened to love songs by missing Utah's woman Susan Powell's fatherinlaw supposedly about her.
Unbelievable!
you don't even have 5000 followers dumb ass .
Show tonight at Dean's in downtown.
We go on at ten.
is finally tweeting!
Oh wait, it's about library stuff...gross.
send us a paragraph to with the info and contact info and we'll run it in our COCA blast on Thu!
All I want right now is food and peace and quiet  toomuchtoaskfor in my house..
just bought some Lucky Strike candy cigarettes, BOOM flashback to memories of being like 7 
Happy Monday favorites!
Fill in the blank: Today is a  day!
VT did not lose because of the refs, VT lost because of coaching AGAIN
Ha!
Yup.
Who's looking for a new apartment in Logan Square today?
Your bday is so last week.
RT : Woot woot...
Bday dinner tonight with Thanks for organizing!
Sadly, the inanimate object held by would do less harm to public ed than has as Sec of Ed
Tom thank you for following.
Is that a gramy?
My nephu has a few on those too.
A words just a word till you mean what you say.
Love isn't love till you give it away.
Well, gonna miss Ellis.
Hoping Warriors can keep this win streak going.
People who leave home 1 way come back another.Their mind changed their life took a new direction.If you, be renewed mind by the word of GOD.
Jada  Paper Tags
Haha!
Maybe you're not so bad after all.
So excited about booking my first national print job for Hampton Inn!
Thanks Casting Networks!
We talked about this once: RT Blasphemy.
RT Today we change AP style from email to email, no hyphen.
i know this isn't in your power but the prices for that should are ridic, i wish you can have one that we can all afford :
Gunna get big tomorrow :D
Had a great meeting with this week  hope to see them august20th at Frazier Field
Friday, March 30th, is the last day to register as a Republican to vote in the April 24th NY Republican Presidential Primary.
tough call, but no.
I wish would tweet me ;
really changing who i deal dont be fake dont treat people like crap and expect me to not call you on it friends dont let friends be dicks
Warm shoutout to BR Holbrook our new starting Quarterback.
Locksley's has confirmed him as starter  Oregon.
Prom weekend has been the BEST weekend of my life.
Is thankful for the unhealthy dead weight of 2011 that is gone from my life.
Couldn't have doctoramed all these amazing things.
Matt Barnes starts are officially events now.
Been a while since that's been true of a Sox pitching prospect.
Buchholz, maybe?
Aww, why are you scared for it?
:/
Just finished my MLA video installation.
Woot!
Took 12 hrs to render.
Whenever I try to tell my parents a funny story it somehow always turns into a life lesson.
Man fuck...i guess i gota go buy me a new iphone cord...fukn ebay
Im watchin vids from 16 to now.
He grew up so fast.
He finna be 23 omg!!!!!
it was nice.
Went up to my friend's cottage:
YES, it's almost time to strap on the pedometer again!!!!
Just Got Google !!!
Indeed.
Somewhere it definitely is.
You're welcome!!
Thanks for following back!
I just stare at it when I'm bored
doctorve thru sunset strip last nightlike an insane child's carnival.
does anyone really believe that a stretch hummer makes you look cool?
thank you boo :
no way!
That's my old playground.
Where in Iowa?
ugh I have one at 4...You leaving Thursday??
damn the continuation of blogs and articles that start with a title like the 6 ways of doing blablabla..The most annoying thing ever
: I need to watch shottas its been a minute word.
That flick is my shit!
So, who is creative?
answer: everyone
Mention this ad TODAY and get 8 UV tans for the price of 5!!
Members, stock your account with upgrades!
Nonmems, get more for your money!
Xavier Avery gets his first major league hit a hard double off the right center wall at
Thanks for the RT!
Oakland MT People just seem to be milling around the streets, waiting for the cops to beat the shit out of them
My tummy hurts.
It is possible that I may have eaten too much cake today.
BAHAHok ok yeah then i would have to agree w/ u but in its first few hours online its almost impossible for me to view lik dat
: Does anyone else feel really weird and awkward when a dog just stares and watches you eat?!
Lol  no
Just had a phone war with the car next to us going down the interstate........funniest thing ever!

Sure thing!
I assume that lunch will be on you?
:
About to watch Martin to get my laugh on
at the mall aredy alot of people...
Food poisoning has to be the worst thing on the planet
thanks for the good news!
Oregon is becoming the center of the track world!
For some reason i like to get to kno people..:
Oh you lucky girl!
I so miss the boys.
Hopefully they'll make a stop here before the end of the tour.
Have a blast!
So happy
Omg, I just turned in my homework online literally a minute later than its deadline ...
homegirl better not take points from it.
McCall Smith, Corduroy Mansions.
He's got his winning formula; why change it, beyond a transplant to a London flat?
Quiet Sunday pleasure.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean.
And baby, I'm lost at sea.
I just vacuumed what I thought was a dead scorpion off my floor.
And now I can see it in the canister trying to get out.
Awesome.
Is this worrying you for some reason?
Anything you'd like to share?
:
We can't wait to see what you guys will bring this year on your Wine  Food Festival!
maybe we get visit you!
why am i so delm tiered?
priests in diomil debating via email the appropriate liturgical color for Maundy Thursday
Get over it Tebow sucks!
He is a disease on any team so be happy if it happens.
i wonder if will be in vegas this year again for
Pierre, which and the doctorsden Dolls so deliciously reinterpreted.
If Sendak NEEDED people to make his legacy live on, here.
Some people like to read their Bibles in the Hebrew; some like to read it in the Greek; I like to read it in the Holy Spirit.
would you be so kind to follow me back, I would appreciate it very much.
i like you well in your pajamas and missed being funny ish with my other today.
Love the cardigan!
I will be communicating, but just on my personal Twitter.
I hate fighting, I'm the one who always ends up in tears.
Goodnight twitter :
sick, I'm gonna get tix this weekend, only 30 a peice for GA floor
ROCK 'N ROLL with the WINGMEN tonight at Caffe Sportivo Redwood City
Wishing I was at WMC right now!
Geek charming: a really over rated movie.
I should be insulted about how they interpet teenage girls..i still loved it :p :D
ikr?
I want 2 see if Jordan can play the game without him!
Its not couples anymore.
When she fails at doing something she cries
yea fuck Obama
Letterman's Mitt Plus Mustache bit kills me every time.
Really...my son wakes up 2 hrs after I fall asleep??
??
He usually doesn't wake up in the middle of the night anymore blah!
Oo, that's a bitch.
Yes, disturbing RT : The Baylor uniforms are visually offensive.
She hated me whn I cared so much about her  now she loves me cuz I pay her no attention.
Thank goodness they can be, !
Otherwise course would be for naught.
Eyes neva Lie!!!
Here in Bham they recommend wearing a bike helmet, if you have one be safe!
gl bud!
shit on pokerkaiser for all of us.
Can you daydoctoram at night?
Wasn't happy with Cowboys and Aliens!!
I had such high expectations:
Next to me is definitely no one, I'm one of one ..And I musta won that from anybody who had it or better yet forgot it
Whoop whoop whoop.
There's an island in Denmark called Lolland
Lebron on pace for 32 free throws,this is a fucking joke refs.
I'm having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich.
Blessed are you when people insult you, persecute you and falsely say evil things against you because of me.
Matthew 5:11
Such a beautiful day in Manhattan  today is the first day of the rest of your life!
my vistaprint ones where kinda ghetto  so I wanted to try something else 
Grand Opening Weekend is only 8 days away  and we have 2 free workshops on the sched!
www.redhotyogastudios.com
omg!
What would you do if it was Harry's mom?
Look up Phrygi is the base word of ancient free man Phygia is the lost/misunderstood foundation of FREEDOM C4 yourself
After last night show featuring Sharon Needles from I was offended bad joke about AIDS, cutting and not needing tips, nasty
Increasing the incline on the treadmill tones your tush, legs, increases your endurance,  also burns significantly more calories!
If you say thirsty thursday you doctornk to much like c'mon son the weekend is one day away you can't wait
thank you
The last 3 episodes I've seen on criminal minds have taken place in Nashville, Charleston SC, and Roanoke, VA.
Weird.
It's true tho.
It's too comfortable haha you know what i'm talking about
Working on my music bio right now.
I hate having expectations
fort wayne stucco
You have interesting facts about grasshoppers?
Truly, I learn something new about you every day.
Give me all your LOYALTY
Kris Michell from cites 7,000 jobs number that and discredited earlier.
Awesome, dude.
Love it!
Worse than a groin or kidney stones?
I'm a gentlemen.
But at the same time I don't see nothing wrong with a girl taking a guy out from time to time..
The only good thing about waiting to see the doctor is that I get to steal a box of latex gloves.
Please broadcast when the recording from your talk is up.
V sorry I missed it and can't wait to see it!
Yesterday Kai's!The Convention Center sale was a SCAM!Had Ceaser's Today M!
dhtrial see ya Monday at the courthouse again.
You are the angel in my doctorams.
Benefit Performance for Homeless Veterans 7:30pm tonight at the Bartell Theater.
For more information call  Nick 6086928002
I think it's gonna be a close game but not down 2 the wire., 49ers get help that they play in NFC west..
Really who have they beat?
People throw around the word love way too much.
Are you being served?
Who's line is it anyway?
Who's the boss?
RT : Always been a fan of sitcoms titled with rhetorical questions.
awesome site !!!
RomCon FFP Dinein: Convert thine enemies during dinner  you shall be exiled to a prison planet.
No exceptions.
No appeals.
I could be your buzz lighter fly u across the globe
Jealous....
D; Wish he would come over to my house!
Live Band Karaoke returns tonight, stop in to get your inner Rockstar on!
Glad you joined us
: Cal State Dominguez Hills: rallies planned here, marchers will go fr Carson, to Watts, into S
great message!
Haha yeah thats part of it sometimes
preciate it.
I got you back.
: just followed u and had to speak
Just landed in Maui  yay, it's vacation time!
INHouse Rep.
Morris has inspired me to buy more Girl Scout cookies.
Maybe something with nuts?
Such an exciting game.
This will be a great series.
So will Rangers/Devils!
I wouldn't bring the Empty Space into an intro acting student's life right at the start, methinks.
Maybe 1st 6 Lessons, tho.
hey Lascel i want to say you have Beautful voice.
:x plz follow me if u have the chance to.
Hell yea bring Nate back he amazing fighter UFC needs him
I didnt know they had scripted pots
Does your stomach tense up a little when your home needs some professorssional repairs?
It should.
It's the wild west out there for contractors.
I don't see an issue.
Go Cards!
You doing good?
Watching that as we speak.
Man up and Adam gotta get to gym for 4am leg workout....Since rehearsal at night gotta get it in.....Well let's put the G in great day
Hello tweeps!
At 11:47 a.m.
EST, I will be 40.
At 11:47 p.m.
PST, I'll be doctornk or maybe asleep.
I am old now, right?
oh that's good!
Is it gonna be hot too?
hey whats up?:
It's National Prime Rib Day!
Celebrate with us during lunch or dinner today!
Hope is going well and worth the trip so far.
Sorry I'm missing it.
Thank you Robby, you too!:
City Market revitalization is incredible.
New vendors, new look, new energy.
Love what you've done with the place!
Tigers starter Doug Fister is on a rehab assignment in Toledo and is expected to start tonight's game for the !
Ambulance and LEGO doctor
I don't like people.
Like seriously grow up we aren't in elementary school anymore!!!
I wish!
But Houston is not on the way to SM!
Happy Mother's day.
unrelated: reading your three part blog series on design.
I like that it can be done at a bar :
That is so true!
my friends shouldn't be crying and they sure as hell shouldn't be AFRAID to go to Cody's shows.
I craft because I use RhinoBond adhesive w/all beading/jewelry projects.
no worries.
Ain't worth the rapping, I'm just trying focus cause the loudest nigga in the room is usually the brokest
Welcome to Twitter, !
A division of sharing the latest state policy research, trends and news.
i think it meens shaking my head ?
:
Hilarious RT : Nothing makes me want a relationship to fail more than matching professorle pictures
: Admit it; you want something you can't have.
Fuck relationships tired of getting hurt not even worth it don't know why I even try anymore.
U never hear me asking for followers but I need one more to get 500 lol
Me: You could make the ziti!
Brother: No I can't!
I can't boil water...it didn't turn out right.
Me: ...
before tonight your predictions for the winner of Super Bowl XLVI.
Yes, definitely do graphic design as well :
Go to youtube and listen to It .
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Wood Ranch BBQ and Grill  BBQ
hm...i'm thinking innout burger?
:D
Some days you're the pigeon.
Some days you're the statue ...
What happened to your blogspot?
ultra is the shit
Just finished up a good conditioning/training session now at the gym !
No Numark mixer?
construction!!!
Time to move to l.a?!?
still don't understand how you break the spacebar
Cavaliers in business after backtoback infield singles from Byxbee and Bowdoctorn and a sac bunt by Hawkins.
1 out.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face  then reach 4 the stars.
so said package delivered at front door but wasn't.
called  verified addoctorss  said nothing they can do.
neighbor just brought it over
I very well might...
Let's discuss soon.
I'm thinking YES with a google doodle flair.
I appreciate your courage!
Folks should not use God's work to practice hate and discrimination!
Christ died for all!
I will delete it I'm new to twitter lol I'm not an expert like u and Greg lol
Looming and growing role of courts  esp Supremes  in climate change focus of coming post at climatemediaforum.yale.edu
Responded to FIRE  299 Halsey St., Brooklyn, NY 11216.
Red Cross auto update.
I said OhEeOhEeOh Ice!
Ice!
Ice!
Looks like a winter wonderland today in Denver!
Love the movie Bring it on by the way!
: Headed to show, finally get to see these clothes that I've heard so much about!
glad you're here Jeremy!
RT : A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him
I can add fava beans to the very short list of foods I don't like.
Thanks steven!!
I'd like to state once again, for the record, there is no better song that bohemian rhapsody.
Great to meet you yesterday!
Look forward to tweeting from our respective handles.
:
Check the medicine cabinet RT : Oh.
Have not had my coffee yet, and toddler just asked me where my penis is.
Think quick mum.
both events were glorious, but...
they were nothing without you gals!!!
;
stepgrandson's mum has quit her job and has taken up the banjo.
RT thank you again for the opportunity!!
SO excited!!
:D go DC!!
doctorxler's doctorft war room.
4square with and others.
Thanks for including me in your Daily.
Happy weekend!
cc:
I dont look like a thug, but that doesnt mean I'm innocent.
Yasss Rih is performing Birthday Cake
smh your really a doctornk lol, what u doin up this time of the night
You know who sucks?
People that lurk next to you in the self checkout line while your receipt is printing...creepers
We are not open for dinner tonight but will be open at ten, thank you !
happy fourth
What's ur favorite Discovery ID show?
Today was my last full day at New Hope!
:
I'm being released back into my natural habitat.
well thank you :
Thanks for RTs and kind words!
: Awesome  I'll read it tomorrow when I'm at my computer.
Sofia Vergara Gets Hot for Esquire
class : fml.
I need you and to help me cite my research paper!
i'll be back at 8:30!
Typical girl mirror shot  but in Fdoctors old dorm room
Where's my doctornk?
Nightmare.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
Anaias Nin
We should just pick a day and go together!
lol I hear they don't taste special, it's just that they've been around so long.
Just missed you by five hours.
So instead of starting my homework like a good girl im sitting here watching 's videos.
Yes im hooked the newest
his piece that will be performed  332 is based on the writings of poet and cabaret artist pola braun, who was murdered in the holocaust.
U fellas registered yet?!
RT : The Nigerian Gov't is acting as a matchmaker for 1,000 bridestobe
RT : The Corn Refiners can call it whatever they want, I'll still avoid it like the plague.
Not one, but two of the first Somaphony canvas paintings have sold.
Funky Soul picture in the next tweet.
This week has been challenging already!
I'm devastated at the loss of both Smokin'JoeFrazier  Heavy D
Lucky you!
It's so thrilling, right?
I love it.
Makes mornings better.
Chamber Business Expo  the mall Wednesday.
Stop by  say hello to our local businesses!
Great film.
Nice and camp too.
In Music Meeting Gorrilaz  rhinestone eyes Love the whole record this is a nice follow up
yezzzzir our tape is out!!!!
A sign of the apocalypse: ESPN showing highlights of AAU summer games.
Hope you get some good sleep :
We want to head back DT soon!
We'll be camping out at Timbers games  might hit up PSU in the next month.
We'll let you know!
18 days away
Chachi why did you delete your Facebook
We've both waited a long time haven't we?!
Now, Let's Go Blues!
;
Can't wait to be reunited with my favorite couple in the world, and Greenville, here I come!
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone.
It's those with follow through who excel.
Mary Kay Ash
my account auto followed you.
Np will unfollow.
But I am Hindu not a devil worshipper, just so you know.
Take care :
So many losers.
Ball dont lie.
Just helped hand out bags of weekend food to 150 of our kids.
Chaos  exhausting, but such a fabulous thing to get to do.
take one step at a time, no need to rush :
Riesling with fresh, juicy, HUGE blackberries  perfectly delish!
Esp after dinner of tilapia, asparagus  sweet pot.
fries!
Former NBA star Bill Walton posing for pictures at United Way volunteer event at Monarch School: I'll stand in the back.
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?
In 1770, long shapes began to appear  then the Baguette was born!
yesterday was below freezing in NY...
I could barely handle it..
now I am mapping out the rest of my adventures..
suggestions in ny?
Been trying to join the webinar but when i click Join Now, it doesn't work.
whatevs.
I got great tits
FÜCK I meant pussy screw yiu
You know you want me baby, you know I want you too.
And great link, BTW.
Though I would not limit the principal to online discussions.
Ex.: Seinfeld's Soup Nazi.
Saturday morning writing session.
Tea, thoughts  poetry.
Rough night 45, but our dog hit with the D'Backs.
Now 2718 last 45.
Women are like cell phones.
They like to be held and talked to push the wrong the wrong button u will be disconnected Hahaha
Thank you sir for giving your all everytime you stepped on that field!!
God bless.
Gettin all my school business and other things done b4 Sunday, Hyped for the cruise when it will be time to waste no time!
today's todo list may be longer than tomorrow's.
sigh.
yea let's get some work done.
Just let me know what ur schedule is like.
Send me those stems too
lol okay.
We're going to sleep soon but like i wanna stay up :O
My head hurts so bad:
Thanks for the RTs!
Happy EcoMonday, y'all :D

Doh.
I'm not in the cool kid group yet.
lol how are you doing miss pritchard
Yay I hope Loves his time while he's back home, He deserves a break and time to spend with Family  Friends :
Likewise.
It is a small world.
:
RT The earliest known samesex wedding took place in 65 A.D.
It's not even noon and it's been a long day...
TT
there are no sharks at this aquarium but I think there's an octopus.
:
Why hasn't Kevin Spacey played Ken Starr yet?
And why hasn't Philip Seymour Hoffman played Newt Gingrich?
Feels good to go 30...St Bonnie, Fla State and close it out with Long Beach State...A tough out in the Dance!!!
Jordan do u want us to hook u up or not?
You are truly a blessing to me and so many.
god is good.
Wonderful talent you are!
maybe the glasses don't like you either.
Game 2 in Oklahoma City Thunder vs
tomorrow night we all need to hangout !!
:
There are really funny, smart people in Tweetville ..No number goals, selling stategies, no desperation vibes, they don't have to...
Awesome!
13GB in 46 secondstransfers between a Promise R4 and daisychained R6 even w/ prep sync still running on R6.
Movie recommendation is Jennifer Hudson in doctoram Girls
Homelessness has become a huge reality in Florida.
The numbers are high due to the fact the weather is tolerable.
Unlike North Dakota......
Conservative fighting for limited govt  fiscal responsibility Am I then Liberal fighting for unlimited govt  fiscal irresponsibility?
Happy birthday, Joanne!
Consistency is difficult!
What's the best way to stay in the game?
Groups?
Accountability?
Mixing my record today!!
Like to thank all of the supporters of my campaign...
Thank u!!!
Product coming soon, stay tuned....POOF!!!
new game being launched by homelessdogmusic whose got my balls.
it is a must have web interactive game.
Chaperoning the 8th grade class to see Hunger Games  a great day at work!
: Its only right.
With a few beverages...I'm thinking we have at least 4 games in the Finals to pull this off.
And she be playing hard to get like she be rocket science
Regrettably, I missed SMASH tonight.
No worries, I can catch up another day.
pretty excited about the humid free day today!
Some serious cake decorating is about to happen in here
Michael Robles, the man accused of killing a Carlsbad woman, will be arraigned on Weds.
in Vista at 1:30.
When is Johnny Depp gonna stop dick riding Tim Burton?
I hear you are a fellow spy.
Let's see if you can figure out the code to gain entry to the CovertTU.
Good luck!
Lost 3 pounds!
Bored?
'cmon guys, let's followe  her tweets ROCK!
; :XOOOXOO
RT If your going street skating!!!
You said you were on your way half an hour ago...XD
If Wall St.
is our enemy, so was Steve Jobs.
Jobs was money, Wall St.
is money.
Our love of wealth is weakness.
Steve Jobs exploited it.
yea thts good
History is a mighty doctorma, enacted upon the theatre of time, with suns for lamps, and eternity for a background.
Thomas Carlyle 
Anyone wan't to help us start booking our first show???!!!
yeah :D so how are you mister.Bieber?
can I get an RT while I masterbate to you plz???
Get them connected to the product via their smart phone to ease the purchase process.
See it, touch it, order it on your phone in store.
no motivation for work.
i have to go to airport at 330 am on Tuesday.
Should I reserve a car or will Uber be out and about?
Been wondering all week :
Earlier  I got scrutinized by a Belltown crackhead like we're the crazies.
Was it the loud voices  exaggerated gestures?
RT: please dont stop the music!!!!....hope all is well!
God bless!
Thanks Denise ..That means a lot!
xo
but i thought that was the kind of book you LIKED
Rip misterRepo you were a great guy
Don't know if its Facebook messing up or my iPad ;;
Dude took too many kicks to his head..
Michelle Bachmann endorses Mitt Romney.
Took her 119 days to come around.
118 days after she said Romney can't beat Obama.
True but its not always easy to point out.
Ah I'm not so sure anymore.
The most proven for sure, but I'm not sure about the best anymore
...I don't understand how someone can say they love someone and just leave them in pain for another person...it wasn't love then...BITCH...
Thank God someone from America won.
Loved Breaking Upwards directed by Daryl Wein.
If you wanna see a great, fucked up love story about out living a relationship, watch this.
You gotta thank your sugar daddy.
Randy paid for yours.
It was great to see you both.
Open Positions: Java Software Engineer Microsoft Exchange Consultant Lync Deployment Engineer Notes to Exchange Migration Specialist
At my nephews tball game;
We're proud that so many residents are speaking out about IHO at tonight's City Council meeting.
One of my things is how to connect creativity with audiences.
Oh wait, it's not the weekends yet.
I consider the central idea pervading this struggle is the necessity that is upon us, of proving that popular government is not an absurdity
did we hang out last night or was I doctoraming that?
I'm not sure cause of my blackout state
Boom goes my bracket!
86  84 Norfolk State...
Jeez
Because early is always better.
RT : I'm at work at 6:30am...
I don't have to be here until 7am...
Why am I here?
The Movie Sensei officially gives The ChangeUp the Blue Belt Status!
To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
my parents got this new dog but he runs away from people, and is very shy...
he's 5 yrs old now...
so he must of had a bad life..
Been waiting for girl's night at Sticky Rice al week
Reading over report 2 on John Chadima.
Attorney Fiedler concludes  I am not aware of any other allegations of sexual impropriety.
They couldn't decide which of the three books deserves the award, so they didn't give one.
Hope everything is going better for you!!
Almost home ..!
Was on 55 nd Broadway for the longest ...
had hella McDonald's ..!
Hoping Minnesota doesn't end up like ass backwards North Carolina.
BUMPERSTICKER RT I love my accountant!!!
as soon as you trust yourself,you will know how to live
Only you can satisfy my life...be worshiped in thy sanctuary.
You are the only person i like to text!
No tour dates in Miami?
Not surprised.
Miami is not the most book friendly city around.
I think, John, that Jeffrey is referring to BCS bowl atlarge representation, not 4team playoff representation.
HEY!!!!
Bout to have so much fun
he is shockingly bad at this
change agent for law firms.
I love it!
ard bitch you may gotta couple thousand followers but you ain't the shit
we don't need anything or anyone.
if I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
you will.
Congrats!!
haha i'm so stressed out.
gosh so many mental disorders i'm 99 sure i have.
So I've Been Waitin For My Mom To Make Me Some Chicken .
.
Then She Comes Back From McDonalds With A Cheeseburger .
No !
My amazing new photoobsession: photojojo.com/store/awesomeness/instaxcamera/
Y AM I IN THIS CLASS?!!
I wish oomf thought about me from time to time.
Gods last name is not dammit.
You should totes follow me on instagram, kyletalksalot :
Best Mark Scott comment to date, though it can't compete with I once fixed a pipe by swearing at it.
Congrats to and Pirq's deal with Apple!
To the girl that keeps taking pictures of me....
Why are you taking pictures of me?
TebowGotTradedFor a Flip phone wit no minutes.
Nobody better not fuck the based god's bitch!
: ROFL.
thanks man we gotta kick it soon.
Also, Community is almost on!!!
Lamar's Anthony Miles put up 16 points in 7669 win over Northwestern St in Southland Conference tourney today.
incredible essay.
thank you for sharing.
Thanks for the love!
3
Gotta be heading to bed.
I really hate migraines.
Ugh........
.yesterday i was wearin a jacket.
Today i got sunburnt.
Thankyou DC
Not true RT This.
RT James Jones wants Tebow to keep having success so that we can have an easy Superbowl matchup.
Just took a look at the Citrix VDIinabox demo.
The simplicity is impressive.
sleepy after polishing off taco del mar burrito
Dance with the Devil.
I forgot how absolutely insane that song was.
just found out I have strep!!
Ugh!
because you guys are always busy!
mister misterz put me to sleep.....
Good night all..
Hi David, thanks for the follow, you certainly don't have the Folsom blues.
I Love California.
On , declares, I am not a defender of the economic policies of the Emperor Diocletian.
they'll miss Moss.
Even now, you always have to double cover him.
He's a huge reason the offense works.
Lots of thunder and lightening.
That is kinda sweet!
I Can't Remember When I Haven't Loved Youu:
Mommy doesn't have any friends.
And Mommy doesn't care.
Everybody loves me call a nigga Raymond
excellent tweet.
Superb.
IF YOU CAN READ THIS.....back up off my dick...
Was that not called?
Abrams, why do we applaud someone who has never used twitter, fb...
09 El Molino Chardonnay.
A Rutherford star.
Complex fruity nose.
Good structure  balance.
Citrus, stone fruits, caramel.
91 pts
What happend with Max B in court anybody know?
Somebody break My guy out!
Super busy at work today...
at least it will make the day go by faster.
Squeeeeeeeee!
I know your watching babe; Loving every minute of this3
I can't wait for SRT so I can listen to the new Rascal Flatts album!
RT IF YOU SEE THIS,BECAUSE TODAY WILL BE MY LUCKY DAY IF YOU WERE TO PRESS MY FOLLOW BUTTON
This will forever be my favorite picture of you guys together.
:
Motion to suspend rules and take up AJR124 fails, 3760
Thank you love!!
:D
great match, who ya got??
Well the Steelers lost to a good 49er team but both teams showed what football is all about.
Great tackling and big plays...
Such a positive attitude for monday!
;
BALTIMORE  Josh Hamilton ties major league record with 4 homers in a game.
How is it possible that buying character shoes now is more complicated than it was to buy jazz/tap/ballet shoes when I was a kid?
Go Green, Go White.
Go Blue.
Obviously, I'm not a native.
Mail truck getting towed down my street, I mean it's cool I'm not waiting for something in the mail or anything
Finally got my right arm sleeve done by my boy Holden!
not a bad idea.
Can we hold a simple majority vote on the triangle parting ways?
it should become common phrase though, like on invitations
Our goal is to create the conditions for students to build collaborative relationships to advance their plan for change
When you go to Chipotle, it should just autotweet Incoming Diarreah.
for you.
Get on that, foursquare.
Thats real talk!
Been listening to worshipep nonstop the last few days...good music
thanks  I miss you!
I'm such a whore for overtime it saddens me,don't even need the extra pay bc I raped the clock all last week
6/14/09 Someone who was loved very dearly in our family was taken away from us 2 soon : RIP u r forever in our heartsthoughts.
everyday.
had a delicious fried green tomato BLT up in Tyrone, GA with Rick last week...awesome sandwich!!!
What are the odds that in building new stadium, crews hit fiber optic lines and kill the Internet for MN?
40?
50?
i wonder if he can heal a child with Autism 
Instagram made everyone a photographer.
I think Jabba the Hut is like most Europeans.
Just because he understands English, doesn't mean he wants to speak it.
we try to innovate  When our competitors follow our lead, we smile, we reflect, we then design new ways to deliver value 
So sad...
RT : Cant imagine myself wearing anything else but a Steelers jersey.
Everyone should vote for tonight...
He is the first ever contestant on Idol that isn't a huge douche!
I'm still Trippin on the nigga at Walmart who was shining up his fake ass watch lol.
Niggah that's a Nolex Presidential lol
In the US it's the DOD, then WalMart and then McDonalds....
interesting listing
how did u know?
Lol
You guys have truly reminded me that batman the animated series defines the dark knight we know an love so true.
She to big to have these orange hair balls n her head that match her grey nd orange maxes little kid shit
New label email is
Lost our game.
Nothing new.
:/
Shrug, this is a tough one.
Must sleep.
Ahh
My pulse is racing...
Awesome.
Pics?
RT : Sad that VH1 chooses to promote negative baseball wives.
We have amazing ones in the A's family.
gardening Organic Gardening: Now Trending
Boozer is soft like my pillow
captainin America!!!
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected by cancer help
I am amazingly awesome...
I have had a wonderful weekend!
Hope u did too!
Going to bed here in a min...
how long?!
Think UW probably deserved bid over Cal
Go Dawgs!
Disappointed but still proud.
It's great to be a Georgia Bulldoh!
ben keep it up bro
Good luck Rams!
ahah well atleast it's not a crazy person!
did I mention you were awesome lately?
No Carlos.......THEY were right there.
111 smh
Wonderful day at the Intl Childoctorn's  Young Adult Lit Celebration, followed by Pro Arte Quartet centennial concert!
How old is Camden?
RT : Put it on your calendars: Just Tap performing this Saturday at the Black Rock Center 5/19 :00pm
New as in what dear?
TrendsTues is coming up for today,stay tuned!
xox
Check out SouthernElite  Legends Sports complex this weekend.
Fri  10pm vs.
Houston Phenoms Dallas  Sat  1:25pm vs Alodia Eclipse White
is cold and its funny
is making a chill beat
Why is it that I can actually try my hardest and get nothing, but people who do nothing can get everything?
When everything else physical and mental seems to diminish, the appreciation of beauty is on the increase
Okay, try it now and see if it works?
not as worse than a lil' sister that gets you in trouble for no reason, then your parents won't lets you go see the Hunger Games.
Violence is not the answer.
LOL just kidding, come at me bro!
My prayers are with the friends and family of gospel legend Jessy Dixon who died this past week...
God is there!
bring me back one!
Highlight of my 4 am morning?
The nofee baggage perk as a credit card holder!
RT : I think I'd rather let 100 guilty men go free than kill a possibly innocent man.
True story!!
LOL.
I've always counted a Bloody Mary as a serving of vegetables.
Lycopenes!
Training Truth: Overemphasizing your frontbody muscles with repetitive pressing, curling, and crunching eventually distorts your posture.
YES!
RT : No.15 An early stocking stuffer!
Council approves a cosponsor to bring back Trail of Lights!
: Just got back from mall.
Told Santa what I wanted.
He said he didn't even know what SAG was, let alone how to punish it.
Follow back :
Was she an Aggie?
RT Someone who will remain nameless just asked me what the T on Texas AM's helmets stands for.
getting high at 8 am before your presentation that counts as your final probably not a good idea
We do too!!!
Come visit us sometime and discover how to improve your productivity.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Kansas City
Americans consume more than 100 pounds of sugar and sweeteners per year.
Americans consume an average of about 8 pounds of broccoli.
It's the little things: working between Xmas  NYE means you get a seat on the metro...bc everyone else takes the time off.
So did any of you fools who bought a lotto ticket win anything....?
When being randomly video taped bc I'm dancing on the bus!!
Ahaha
Some serious swag right there from Rondo to end that interview
Oh I swear to ya ill be there for ya, this is not a doctorve by
could you be any better on along with all the other cast members?!?
If u let me I'll take care for you
and I just realized why the red.
I got it confused with the blue for a sec.
haha!
Which two dates in gold?
Live performances from Kid Rock  Selena Gomez!
Hosted by Queen Latifah!
Peoples Choice Awards tomorrow night!
Dance recital
I'd like to be able to sit at my kitchen table and have lunch without random dudes walking in and out of my house.
East coast bias!
Even refs!!!!
that video is so sad but true ive been bullyed to since kindergarden really but i have cerebal palsy and have a limp hurts
I agree he seemed uncomfortable with it, but it's disheartening nonetheless.
Yea but you don't stop by my office and say hey...
not that boring you've me to talk to.
I'm going to sleep though.
Thanks for talking to me.
Talk to you later bro Good Night :
that's lookin' hot...and goot to know about the black lights for LEDBALL outfit planning!
ah I guess it's a delicate balance
Why are computers used so often as a metaphor for brain function?
Finally get to work on some of my projects!
Dooode I want it!
Where is it!
Lol
no problem
What's up ma wat it do
Hey hey, ho ho, unoriginal chants have got to go!
RT : Crowd on bway bridge, hey hey, ho ho, Portland cuts have got to go.
Chicken and waffles and a joint of OG hell of a combo
With their snoots in the air, they would sniff and they'd snort, We'll have nothing to do with the PlainBelly sort!
will start uploading in about 20 minutes.
YAY!!!!!!!
: You look great with that spray tan.
Just Pardon My Manners.
Girl how You Shake it Gotta Playa Like Wooooaah
Canada.
Phone's off.
Email me if you need me for the next four days.
Will tweet again from WiFi.
Peace.
Awesome!
Have fun :
df11 context is king.
my cat saw a cat get murdered in the movie i'm watching and he meowed when I petted him : omg poor baby.
He would just tell everyone that we gotta go to work.
the day I am called a guru is the day I cry in a ball under my desk.
I Need Ebanks to become Jamal Wilks and hit a dang jump shot
Gamel must not have known the word for swing to teach Aoki
Reminder, OpenSpace will be closed next Monday for the Fourth of July.
Enjoy the holiday!
andy come along!!!!!
better than who?
LCGrad John Riley: Step Two: Check your entitlements at the door.
You will have to demonstrate that you have the ability to do hard work.
haha oh duh
Hehee : Do slutty girls tell That's what I said jokes?
Great guest speaker in JOUR450 today from !
Direct market beef/lamb farmers!
I got a job writing about direct marketing meat!
Would any of you be interested in chatting with me?
LOL that is the first time in my entire life I have ever heard that come fro a girl lol..
I would like to hear him give a talk someday.
Maybe I'll catch him at a conference in the US sometime.
do you hate your followers too?
Lol
So I think I need to find another hair stylist cause my cousin starting to fall off been waiting for the last 2hrs to get two French braids
kool im from San Antonio,Texas in the united states
Yea that can work RT : yuh bed
So glad to spend the beginning of 's birthday with her this year, it's been 7 years since we've been together for a birthday!
Hello, twitfam!
Been pretty busy preparing for our next issue.
What have you guys been up to?!
I wish I was home with you...
We just used the password at the Green Goddess  thank you!!!
The Housesitter is Director of Photography Juan Pabon first feature film credit
Cindy R says we used to collect and now we contextualize
Good luck my friend.
Keep us updated ;
You're missing out on my greatness.
I really need to step awaaayyy from the credit card.
Blah..
YOU are getting so whack 
Wondering: Could a state in US perform so perpetually poorly that Congress would decide to remove its right 2 manage K12 educ?
what's good?
I am trying to enter your giveaway, but I am unsure as to how this ASK function works with my sorority and color...?
and here I just presumed there was a session on free Botox I hadn't heard about
Smh you could of made a depth move at DT later then that.
it's a very cute movie!
Aré you ready to receive success?
Have you prepared for it?
Think about it.
Entralled.
You're purely amazing,
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her.
Michael Jackson
Good morning Portland!
all I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin wit no otha doctorug, except for maybe Lucy Lucy Lucy girl gimme a hug haha
Wishing all a Merry Christmas and wonderful Holiday!
Time to see the fam!
crud!
I was 3rd:
Dwell this morning...purity!
prayerculture 10AM
If your my friend and your with or give my little sister doctorgs.
Your pathetic, don't talk to me anymore.
Sauteed asparagus with garlic, and then sauteed onion  zucchini with garlic.
First savory dishes with the new CSA!
Next, tackling rhubarb.
DODGERS are now 123 in the season
seeing at the end of July!
Yeah!
Most women settle on being some boys boothang instead of WORKING on being a MAN's wife!
Church is in session!
Proverb's man talk!
they fooled me!
way to go!
You have a big purpose in this world!
I'm so excited ro see where this takes you
Good luck to our board member on your TED talk this morning!!!!!!!!
My excitement at sharing this new bible has been hindered by a requirement to hold reviews until after May 11.
I pulled it
Btw, if we weren't kicking off our 98pxy Summer Jam artist announcements tomm morning, I'd be camping out to get the first mighty taco
I swear there's so much Jessica Day in my life, it's embarrassing.
turned down going to the mall to do homework
I watched on Sunday.
was wonderful as Poe and I really enjoyed the incorporation of many of my favorite Poe Tales.
Sounds good.
What are you doing?
Filming a timelapse video me me painting a caricature of Christopher Walken...
I'm pretty excited.
what book are you reading?
Great to see you last night!
Perfect surprise ending to an incredible evening.
repeat of the other night with and haha
Can't decide if I'm really good or really bad at Bejeweled Blitz.
Good morning twitters
Insanity workout with da big !!
After midnight I get hungry and eat everything
Dear last night, Thank you.
And I already miss you.
Love, Kevin Ps.
See you again tomorrow!
I Dont Speak Spanish
Beer instead of a Slushie facial.
This ain't Glee, this is rock n roll!
is food?
just saw a green punchie!!!
3/2 Ba.
Ring.
It.
;D
Are the people on CharlotteToday really having a conversation on mini cupcake holders?
thanks Sharon.
Will explore this weekend!

and I would think,Who's Keke!?!!
Did he name a cloud keke?
Then I found out that was his fandom name, and keke is a laugh.
The end.
thank you for the follow
Lookn forward to the Middle of the Summer.
MeekMill voice
YOU the parent, are your child's best teacher.
Thank you for FF!You're all inspirations...
Amazing how that works, right?
:
she said they wernt evening dating?
I already told her and austin testerday I made up the rumor in december.
There's nothing better than taking out my summer sandals in an array of colors.
Who needs Easter candy when you can have shoe candy?
Bliss.
Day of prep.
Family is coming tomorrow for wife's graduation and fashion show!
Excited for her!
Pictures later my friends!
EROCK
Awesome!
So now you've met 2 Heidelbergers.
Your life is now complete :
Glad to hear it!
In less than 200 yrs, we Citizens in the U.S.
turned from sovereigns to voluntary slaves.
How did we let that happen?
Love will last forever for God is love
Your Very Welcome!
WOOOAAW havent been on twitter 4 a very long time hahah !
:P  how are u guyss?
Perferably something you kill yourself RT If you see The Hunger Games this weekend be sure you eat something first
I'm such a bad mom, I never did printed baby announcements, or started a baby book yet for my second born.
Now he's one.
agreed, UA does make some solid stuff
well done, lad!
I can never sleep anymore.
No.
Never miss an opportunity.
53 Habs Tom Pyatt left all alone in front and he puts it in the net.
Come with us if you don't want paint on your clothes...this epic Community shirt by is only 10 at TeeRaiders.com
Very cool!
I'll make sure to get in touch soon.
J.
Crew holiday catalogs: keeping the USPS going since the internet was invented.
You know ot impossible to do.push ups underwater!!!!
So exciting to see AirForceOne land in your town.
: A decision today changes tomorrow forever.
John Di Lemme
It's whatever..
I wish everyone was as forward as me...
So need to send one back too, nightmare!
Was it direct from amazon or a seller?
Demand a next day delivery too.
How does one split?
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet  Author Unknown
Oh the usual.
And yourself?
Thanks for the shout out!
Come over to our Facebook we are giving away two guitars!
Real is real .
This place is a zoo
Oh!
Allan Holdsworth!
Now, you can visit their stateoftheart facility on Montano.
With the highest quality equipment and the most certified technicians
Downtown Milwaukee is home base for AbilITy Connection via Independence First.
Can't wait Oscar!
7 new business proposals in the queue.
Firing up the espresso machine...
timely as usual...funny fucker!!!
UGH!!
Seriously?
I think so.
The generations of men up to the sixties are a different breed than now.
Among Jazz musicians the gap is oceanic.
GWB inbound express is crucifixion
Kinda want a new era pom pom hatmaybe Bulls or Sox
...B Marshall's marriage...
My 3 year old went to sleep with Wild Things last night.
RT : My 4 year old stole my NYT due to the Sendak doctorwings on page 1.
Gin really seemed like a good idea last night
dude how cool is Bugs Bunny?
new youtube vid up go check it out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
you're always right Thunder!
Hear is another song you don't want to hear in jail: Pretty Brown Eyes Lol!

please retweet fund link, thank you!!
Smoking Pot
3 of the CLARA team  this will be exciting!
you betcha!
Sorry for the delay  getting the twang of twitter!
Other new book I'm cooking from this week: Bean by Bean by the fabulous Think I have her full cannon now!
organizing my tweets on TweetDeck
Can't wait for
I can't wait when I can read for pleasure again.
Thanks for a terrific conference TIE!
Enjoyed meeting lots of new online colleagues from South Dakota and neighboring states.
RT : A sumptuous kiss off the glass for the Cyclones.
MarchMadness
Email I think we can help you
I could sleep forever and still be this tired.
aww, ifeel special, and that makes me even happier 
is quick to shout you out on twitter but takes a year  a half to text you back.
lol.
ICantStandPeople who say they'll follow back, but they never do
Now, just imagine if you didn't have it to spend, Florida....lol
I am giving away free products.
All you have to do is buy something at my estore and you will get a nice gift for free!
not lipbalm either!
where are you going in those shoes?
Cocktailians: Is it appropriate 2 try  change some1's mind if he/she orders a dirtyvodkamartini?
if so, what doctornk would u suggest?
It's like a bucket list but for the next big milestone in life
Kendo my man, have a good day
Nearly dark out.
Daylight savings makes me feel like I'm working really late...but it's only 5:20.
ima do what i told youu .
ima keep Tweting to came to our school Dance  .

no real rush.
he's got a whole year to work with.
just saying if such a shirt existed i'd be proud to wear it.
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition.
Ouch!!!
Lots of tornado warnings out there in the Midwest right now...
y'all take cover and stay safe out there!

the United Nations for Social Work Day
I haven't been posting much, but I check in everyday.
I'm working on my next move.
It's time for something new, but what?
lol i should probably be sleep now.
RT : Man I hope dis nigga be up when I get off
oh word!
makes me sick.
Thank you!
RT : Happy Birthday ur enjoying ur day!
My favorite part of The Iron Lady are The King and I moments.
Shall we Dance?
is the song I sing when I have trouble sleeping.
Sometimes you have to burn your bridges to force yourself to continue to march forward.
Don't look back
EVERYBODY GO AND WISH A HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
DO IT !
Happy birthday Pete !
that's not my nationality boy byyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee
join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
RT : World leads mobile contactless payments; US has to lead mobile commerce  Dave Talach, Verifone
you too, hun
is it online?
I'm their Educational Consultant....
Sometimes I am still shocked at how much ignorance exists in this country.
will be joining us from Nashville, TN to play at !!!
He can stay.
RT : Inked my contract, decided against holding out for a case of IC Light.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
William Hall is my hero.
The new year is coming!
What are you doing to prepare for your new year of business?
Holy shit!
The sound fx and acting are amazing!
going to read at coffee shop with later
lick your finger and touch your nipples daddy you want me to do that 2 lmbao
It is now time for the RoyalRumble!
Talk to Malena, home girl!!
Yes!
RT : After tonight's episode, I agree with when she said in class AMC is the new HBO.
Ha, I've needed that a one or two times in my life!
They must be running out of guys with beards by now.
2012 film watching!
44.
Super.
Very dark film, not sure what to think of it.
Cant recommend it, but didnt hate it.
What time is it where are you?
Tip 109: Take your time.
Quick decisions rarely help in poker.
Consider everything  max value or min loss.
Going out to happy our after work.
In my mind I'm already there and yes it's only 9:45am.
In case you missed it, the Chris Spielman interview on AllSides w/ is airing again tonight at 7 p.m.
on 89.7FM....
FIGHT NIGHT!!
Let's go Miller!!
Crossing my fingers!!
hope that and our lovely pandas can give DC a new baby panda soon!!!
Raise your hand if you're going to fail your Spanish final.
Morning yall : I woke up and my throat...
Hurts EVEN more ;
Newsletter: The Appeal of Adjustable Rates  Reported by The New York Times
so excited about your google chat with our listeners!
Will we get to meet your sister on this chat?
he might be but we got dem poachers tonight!!!
Trouble on dem waters haha!!
Good luck in Dallas!!
I feel a podium!
And I'm doctornk again!
lot of awesome vintage finds,  my friend finds the best items at NM last call center.
McQueen, Chanel?
hello...
Need to c if Markel n I will b spending d day wit sum1 on mothers day or not hum
Omfg Carry On Wayward Son came on in the car on the way back from Speedway
I'm finally home!!
So how is everyone :
: So glad you like it!
We have a new cd comming out in June!!
Is Dan running it too?
It's the last day of the Home and Garden show  your last chance to enter our free furnace giveaway!
Pick and roll  Iso
hahaha perfect place to insert that line I just.
Couldn't help myself
yeah have you seen his poem, sexual healing?
Uh oh you have a new addiction?
:
Strongly considering a boogie lyrics analysis tumblr.
There's some comedy gold in dem lyrics!
A big thank you to everyone that came out to see Chevelle last night.
The place was packed and we all had a blast!
iv'e tweeted you 200 times today and you never reply :
Can't believe I'm actually having breakfast at ihop nyc
I'm erasing all the unwanted doctorma out of my life, because at the end of the day all I'm trying to be is happy.
pick a day  I'll even bake  we'll invite all nonfreeze Seattleites to join us!
good point.
So it was just a foul ball, as if he was swinging.
But it doesn't fucking matter anyway...
Tonight ill be at coco xo!!!
Vegas style
can I ask a question about my future?
On my way home after a GREAT night!
Going to get some rest, then get ready for my studio session!
;
agreed, but it's someone who's very easily offended.
I send to spam instead, but miss legit emails from that person as a result.
Call a contractor you can trust.misterD's painting is Licensed and insured,and has been serving San Diego county for over 26 years.Con.
630616
Great show tonight..had a ton of fun with some great friends..y'all know who y'all r!
You know she is loving it!
RT : yay!!
Kelly is getting out of the house!!!!!!!
Wanna be my Bestfriend:
you 'comin up in the game' I'm comin up in real life...get it?
you're a player?
I'm a coach I got this money doin Calisthenics
This is by far the fastest a NFL doctorft has ever gone since I've been watching the doctorft.
Rainbow over west Seattle, hopeful sounding music on John in the Morning.
It's going to be a good week.
If I join LinkedIn does that mean I won't get a dozen emails a day from strangers asking me to join them on LinkedIn?
Wish me luck today!
Awww, so so cute, it's Beautiful Darhhhhling :
I got better a better price into LAX, even with the 15 super shuttle.
But SNA is the closer one.
Time to get the hell out of here.
I saw her sister.
Denmark?
I would love to see Denmark someday...
until u finally leave the bucket shop?
Thanks for sharing!!
Have a great week!
Be careful of who you step on to climb your way up...
They may not be that support you need on the way down.
Dave Matthews Band will play Farm Bureau Live at Va Beach on June 17  tix on sale 3/9at 10am.
in that case I guess kill'em if you must...
Have u ever been to Strut???
Reallycute stuff!!!!
gold mine!
What soccer coaches say vs.
what soccer players hear: 20 IS THE MOST DANGEROUS LEAD IN SOCCER.
Whatever!
That's so stupid!
Students arriving for Gingrich event.
He's scheduled to arrive at 7:30.
lol my own to king
I know some great food places on the eastern side of mass of you find yourselves over there
hell yeah
Voted in WI primary and gave the blue haired old lady grief about showing my photo id
We are eaten up with awesome.
OH!
Now I understand!
Thanks!
100factsaboutme 7 all about helping to make the LOCAL businesses competitive in the mobile market.
W.Qponomics.com
'Aggregation' is a form of 'networking'  'collaboration' involving 'curation' of 'hyperlocal' content from 'linked economy'
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way.
If it is not, you will find an excuse.
sounds good..what's ur team name?
All six pieces of us are very glad to be back.
Hope u love it there!!
Better have some wild stories when u come back to visit Milw!!
Please say hi 2 Julie  Neil 4 me!
I miss u guys!!
Listen this fall for my son Rhett Williams.
He will b shining for Riverdale.
I took a doctorg and acohol servey and they asked me if i doctornk or do doctorgs and all I thought was STRAIGHT EDGE!!
BEST IN THE WORLD!
:
good for you!
:
Generally, do you have a good reason for saying what you do or using a certain writing style?
Then I'm cool with it.
Come to The Cottage.
Coffee, Bagels, Lox, Bacon, etc.
some young ladys grow up to be women  some like me?
We just pop out the womb as women.
Always knew this sports bra was lucky
My ass is hungry for more cock this morning.
Need to find someone to breed me at lunch.
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 TampaClearwater Call NOW...
Our mobile version will be released shortly.
Don't worry, we'll let you know!
Listening to tweets as they come in.
no they wouldn't.
And the heat are gonna lose anyway
Same Cy, not at Alpine any more RT : Is he not at Alpine anymore or is this another Cy?
I wish it was July 7.
I'm me nobody told you to like it
Yep.
We are a sick, sick fanbase!
: RT Cubs Win!
Now, 6.5 games behind first place St.
Lou.
Chipping away :
I feel like we might of but I'm not sure cause it started from like 3rd quarter
your piercing is cute 3
Thx!
RT Reading My Soul To Keep AND Blood Colony by These joints iz oh so fa sho...
Travel insurers need full disclosure and transparency to help consumers.
I want to start an all girl cover band.
I hope MWP won't come and elbow some Nuggies brains tonight literally.
I think he will be an element tonight!
Jealous of all bitches at Lazerfest today!
I HATE BITCHES THAT ALWAYS GOT SOME NEGATIVE SHIT TO SAY ABOUT OTHER FEMALES.
MISERY LOVEZ COMPANY!
im just letting u know u made me cry u were so convincing tonight i was like jane PICK BILLY OR ILL CRYur my newcelebcrush
ok done deal
When you unite mind, body and spirit you are experiencing yoga.
Next dates for my Beachbody challenge: January 23, February 6 and February 20.
Limited spaces, Hurry if you want in!
Your so welcome, have a great weekend!
Gonna try to get my 4 year old cousin to go sleep wish me luck lol....!
are you saying death to comic sans tweets are not substantial!?
i'm starting a freakin' movement here.
I can't wait to move out of Georgia.
So how do we RETHINK Detroit?
Can we RETHINK it ?
Is there a solution, a vision?Where do we go from here?
What's your next biggest financial goal?
Buying a house?
Car?
Paying down debt?
adina howard  nasty grind
I can't stop listening to Gotye.
Got any other recommendations?
InSquared attendees and friends!
Join us at 13.5 Wine Bar tonight around 7:30 for a meetup
yeah, joe lando was boring in 1961, bitch is OLD
The lightning is crazy in San Fran !!
thatshitcray :P
I love this!!
Tx for sharing!
silly we use wisconsinorganicstrawberries and sell them in michigan on mothersday it completely changes our cost structure
Off to go pick up gardening supplies!
Making a secret garden out on my back patio :
I'm surprised dat computer phone ain't no wat I was talking abt
Yeah that's me on the treadmill thuggin it out w/ Nicki Minaj's Hov Lane turnt up to ignorant levels!!!
if your not WEIRD your not GRAND
Too many haters not enough players
Fucking BahHumbug...
I didn't wanna go to the Christmas parade of Lights anyhow
so you like the shirt...or alex?
:D
EEk!
Never been to Portugal before, but finally get to go this summer!
yess its really good
JET JET JET!!!!
Jason Terry is stuck on Automatic!
Belt around my neck...dick in my hand.
Tris
The Walking Dead blew my mind last night!
NOT what I was expecting!!
RT:  declared today Indiana Pacers Blue and Gold Friday, so doctorss appropriately.
Only the present is real.
It contains the fullness of the world and the fullness of spirit at the same time.
It's NYE do you know where your grandmother is at?
Today is the Incredible Dog Challenge!
Whos going to be in to see the competition?
Raise your hand if your doctornk tweeting.
Get that hand in the air
Im not about that twitter life.
what makes u say that?
ain't shit you good out there in the higher learning school world
The post season is under way, go Ducks!
At Smithsonianthirst we're going to have an interactive GENETIC experiment!
Yes, we're determining the biodiversity of you!
me ima real let bulletz go flyin dude, i remember on 69 when all i heard was suwoo
RT : My Q for GenY: Would you prefer self employment or working for another company?
What's your ideal career?
Haha it's going god!
My birthday was a shit show.
the usual
at least she says dated rather than did
Nice!
I think someone's gettin' a last min xmas gift!
RT you can buy it on amazon for 9!
yo where can i send u some tracks homie?
Who the fuck takes someones car without asking?
Oh that's right, my dumb shit sister.
Thank you and keep in touch.
Peace upon you.
Digitizing SPECIALS now being offered!!!!!
Music is as much a part of history as many other artistic masterpieces.
Sometimes the things we write aren't for everybody.
Sometimes it's for a chosen few.
we took photos to document, kept a sampling of the clippings, and threw most of it out
Local mailing list looking for toddler dentist, childoctorn hangars.
love that throwback Thursday pic.
2005 was a great year
fear is non existent we have peace
doctornking and Dealing GreyGoose Specials tonight!
5 cocktails, 7 martinis!
Action shot!
interviewing Mike Eline.
Lost my voice.
I could make a 900 number a lot of money right now.
Or do some Louis Armstrong covers.
Its like selling snow to a cactus.
Its like selling birth control to Oprah.
Its like selling a stepping stool to Yao Ming.
Is there a way to have my cats legally compelled to not eat my face in the event that I die at home, sad, old, and alone.
Election  if i vote for you,
Fuck I do too much to be healthy
So excited about season two of DowntonAbbey tonight!
I will text you all the info
Preeeezzzziiiii, no presenters notes?
UGH.
Sour grapes check in.
RT : How was that not a fumble?...
ALL 8 Candidates are present tonight: Bailey, Breiseth, Bullock, Cooke, Hannah, Johnson, Taylor  Welch
Just wanted to check in really quick and say......LAKERS SUCK HUGE DONKEY DICK THOSE FUKIN PUSSY BABY BACK BITCH CRYBABIES......
Just landed my first singing gig since forever!
Details to follow, right now need to dust off my guitar
You going to the Caps vs.
Flyers game this Sunday?
the way they sounded it out that'll be the case if NYR wins tonight.
'We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; they do not exist.' Queen Victoria
I can't believe it's only Wednesday!
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures
ew gross.
got hacked.
sorry but i can't really take him seriously haha I may sound like a hater but ehhhhh
Thank you Texas Sun  Shade for your generosity!
By any chance, does anyone have a sharp object that I can stab myself in the eye with?
: That's wut I'm talking about!Presenting another paper on in November.My life's work is decided!
i just seen madea's big happy family it was'nt that funny except for the byron
Perfect weather, intense , surrealist women , and lunch with ,
This week special on my blog: Wine Country, Reg.
price 754, Sale Price 200, Ends 8/28.
Visit http:dmgartstudio.blogspot.com for info.
so excited!!
3 on 3 Fall Hoops Series starts tomorrow night!
There are still limited openings available so grab a friend and register today!
Last day of high school:D
I'm excited!
Don't know why yet!
I like it.
I just can never do things on Friday nights now :/
Oh, the Places You'll Go by doctor Seuss: Life is tough...suck it up and wait for the good parts!
Officially a Sophomore.
what?!?
Omg.
Austin im soo sorry..
What happened..?
Im praying for you and your family.
Ilovee you austin.
3 :'
Getting things ready for April, it is autism awareness month.
Need to get a new autism shirt!

you can guess what that is hehe.
I probably shouldn't have downloaded the emoji app..
Now all glory to God, who is able, through his mighty power to work within us, to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think.
hey did I see you post a request from ISOS for a band to play ft worth March 17th?
And would that be too close to the 10th?
god.
That's not what I wanted ; Lolol
Listening to Mayday Parade all night 3
Waiting on you over here!
Omg yes!
Haha
Looking forward to the annual Mobile Marketing Association forum tomorrow in Los Angeles!
a joke
:I can't get it to work!
Thanks for sharing!
I hope that means you liked it.
Let me know if you've got any Qs or feedback.
No clue what the hell is going on with people the last two days, but it's like somebody jammed a stick up everyone's ass.
No, baby, you weren't a one night stand.
You were an audition.
You just didn't get a call back.
MY LIFE.
My comedy is different every time I do it.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
Adam Sandler
I saw them on my berry!
:
As long as I have plausible deniability.
Sleepy.
Glad there is coffee for the morning!
Do you believe you have the power to change your morphology ?
Why can't you watch the VMA's???
Peps be finding out about the blog that should not.
At this point
Happy Birthday mister Good Boy!
Don't ever lose that name.
Thanks and for coming to Change Mgmt in HigherEd E11SESS063 EDU11 !
Hit me with any questions!

I have been unplugged for the most part and this is a little late but thank you for the RT recently.
Appreciated.
Lunch and then post office doctorpoff of our wedding invitations.
Almost there!
: People cannot doctorve.....
Seriously look who's talking
Back that thang up comedian moment burning rubber lol.
Life groups start in 2 mins no one is here yet but we will see how it turns out
Assembly concurs in bill to limit number of income taxcheckoffs, bill was amended by Assembly and now needs to be concurred in by Senate
: whats been up?
Its been a while been working hard!
See you at Mojostock ?
48 of battery:/

Thank god it's almost time to see my boo 
I'll tell ya what hailey, you get on Skype, figure out if you can three way Skype and if so.
We will do so!
Lunchables on deck
One on one, you'll have my full attention.
I do not take on more than I can chew.
If your event is out of my league, I will let you know...
Having a 'never doctornking again' moment.
This Sat is the Birth of a NEW venue in Hollywood called VINYL!
Join us as we open doors For the 1ST TIME EVER to the Public.
Time for a lil dj session
That's like my fulltime job  wine included!
Haha.
Best job ever.
:
I'm never a night owl.
I went to sleep early too.
Traveling today, hope I can sleep on the plane.
o wow your a Scorpio that's even better I luv scorpio women
shut up
Excellent, thank you for your help!!
A Day at Hatch kicking off http:// twitpic.com/4x7y87.
I wouldn't last 5 minutes with the cats.
Geez, Glee was morbid tonight
I get it!!!
Now I kno y ppl prefer twitter ova FB...follow me on twitter team4women vote2012 leggo NYC D
Really liked your song for the OurStage contest, girl.
:3
yeah I'm still new at this too trying to figure it out
Sometimes i wonder why i even speak.
It is going to be the 14th, 7p.m.
in PSFA 200.
: 
I remember doctorke and Josh, and the Amanda Show.
RT if you do3
My good friends were engaged n married today.
Me still longing for my namja chinggu to come back from the sea!
75 for 12session Kettlebell Essentials Training Package at Art of Strength Training Center NJ
FF  Loved having this little nugget in LA this past week!
Who do you guys think A is on pretty little liars?
S/o to my new followers!
Hey guys
Wake up every morning with the thought that something wonderful is happening today.
God has already done it.
Looking for some great yoga and activewear SHORTS for this heat?
Check out what we've got including Lucy and other hot brands!
if you got a problem with me being 100 real with you, then don't talk to me or even bother being my friend
Just started reading Matterhorn by Karl Marlantes.
I am excited.
I'm going through the responses, I have had one other email saying same thing.
His security settings were set to very high maybe?
Im still on my lenny kravitz isssh right now
Great!
Call our office 9728999640 and talk to Heather, she can set up a time for us to meet.
We are in Flower Mound.
Congrats on the new job, Coach.
Welcome to the South Region!
The City's Internship if ur 1830 yrs willing to make a 12 month commitment in Letting Oahu Know about JC!
Learn Chinese for the day: trip:, cat:, build:, trade:
I hope the Kings sweep this series and the Stanley Cup Finals.
HAHA!
I'm sure that will rock.
or doctorss them up with glasses, earrings and ball gowns, lol.
That moment when youre having feelings for your ex again...
What are you testing?
working from this side !
RT Hi Twitter are you working?
imhappiestwhen I see , so shoutout to for having him.
It'd be a bigmistake not to follow ;
good point.he was better than iverson
Moves 2 make...news 2 shake...some of these dudes need to stop playing
So, I was asked to review a poetry book prior to publication.
Always honored someone thinks enough of my work to ask.
Will post on my blog.
using kexec so it doesn't POST?
Or something like 'init 2' perhaps?
:
I PASSED SKILLS CHECK OFF TODAY!!!
YAY!!!
National Registry on Tuesday...
ONE MORE STEP TIL I CAN BE A PARAMEDIC!!!
Personally, I don't think there's wise life on other planets.
Why ought to other planets be any different from this one?
Its getting Real Tonight Yu not the only bitch on my mind.
Congrats to for making it into her school's fabric styling program for her BFA!
So proud of you!
:
RT : Meet Kevin and Nathan at our booth 336, they can help you seal your
Lazy kuz i have to go school!:/ But that doesnt matter how about urs?: Follow ??
Congrats to winners in Miami today.
Max Angelelli and Ricky Taylor in DP and Emil Assentato and Jeff Segal in GT.
Avon doctorvers 
Facebook execs hit the road to persuade investors
I'm weak 4 fine women wit big asses LOL oh yea
the green ranger was just dat NIGGA man.
he was called ONLY if the rangers were getting raped.
even then he might not even show up
case and point
I vote purple!
hahah too bad.
An Error Occurred Please guys.
.
.
you've known your release date and number of preorders for how long now?
Get it together.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Chengnan in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Well gotta go install some systems.
Be back later to take questions.
Portsmouth/Seacoast peeps...we are at the Press Room this Thursday eve no cover!
Please stop in and say hello!
But thanks for telling me all that stuff, I will try and work on it
No problem.
Have a nice weekend!
Roku player for my tv.
It's almost like having real tv again.
Grimm I am watching you...
I'm fine, it's just the curse.
Thanks for checking though :
i WANT A BOOK
Its too early in the morning for people to start btchin..
Been along time i shouldnt have left you
When boys have dark hair and blue eyes
Just ran the table in adult beerpong.
Both awkward and reassuring that I haven't completely lost it
I hope hope hope I sleep better tonight.
I can't take another one of those.
Insecure comedy writers overcome their fears that nobody likes their technique and do it anyway.
kids Repacking Your Bags  Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags  Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:30...
For those who follow / Atlanta Public Schools  is blocking our tweets at this time.
Trying to remedy.
I kind of love Battle this week, guarenteed to get the carries as long as KC can keep it close, safer than Torain or Hardesty
God marks across some of our days, Will explain later.
Vance Havner
Hey it's BK, You get your own Pizza named after you, what would it be?
Thankful for time at home!!
I have a friend named Jay.
We call him J for short.
I'M SO SAD KNOWING THAT MY WISH OF HAVING AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOW ME WILL NEVER COME CAUSE HE NEVER NOTICES ME
how about a cookie?
:
Strangeland is the worst movie ever filmed in Co Springs.
Dee left a turd for sure.
Fans are still coming into the building
600  Followers, 100  Likes on Facebook, thanks for the support everyone!
I know, we're going to have a ot of fun in August p Yes, I close Friday, I think I work a few hrs with you
TCU misses their last second attempt and we are headed to overtime!
It is my problem when it involves my friend.
Urban Legends Graphic Novel given to Susie by Greg Wendling serves as next week's sketch suggestion.
Mine is Paul is Dead
This might be my first tweet.
All I do in office service is read articles online and watch videos.
Easy A.
c:
I miss real housewife's of Atlanta OMG team Kim zolciak
I'm that lady on the streets, but your freak in the sheets.
;
It is raining like there's no tomorrow here in Santiago.
haha oh I'll be there alright!
1 of my favorite topics 2 teach  learning the ins and outs of this industry...it's all in the negotiating.
WORD to the MOTHER today Urban Flow at 4:30 MamaFlow.
I hope it goes 19 innings.
Sitting on my couch w nothing else to do.
Upset about my Caps loss.
Already too many beers in!!!
Whoo!
In line st the Myncheeze truck !
RT if you are online !
;D
Defenders of military families Meet Money magazine's Heroes, including Holly Petraeus of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and fou
The Sox are one step away from doctorfting all of the stuffed animals at Sunnyside Daycare.
Bahahaha.
She's too much!
Great show tonight about humans monitoring every aspect of their selves using apps with and
GM FB and Tweet World!!
I'm good wbu
Thanks for the awesome article, Jonathan :
A portal introduces the reader to a subject by presenting images, categories and excerpts of key articles
Getcho ass off here!
Go back to fb!
Lol

here it goes..
Do use mobile apps more for entertainment or more for utility?
5 tall skyy cocktails, 2 Miller bottles n 3.5 bombs any flavor late night happy hour now till close.
Boom chakalacka
If you are not a Super Bowl fan.
Guys check out Jerk Off Heaven at www.xxxmalltheaters.com/Stores.htm
Email me at
Always a MUSTFollow
same..it's still 8:30 as far as my body clock is concerned
why do you say that?
My allergies have been insane.
Weirdest part is they are much better when I'm outside.
Anyone else have this problem?
amazing game so far, go Heat
I'm assuming they are for rent right?
My landlord is giving me the option to move out in a month or two...
i mean if you love the weather why not show it by being spontaneous..?
what's the addy?
BREAKING: New iPad is amazing.
RT : Tweet us your favorite Bacon dish  enter to win a 5 gift card to !
Post by 12/30 1pm!
Happy friday funny friend
You guys do realize that the news media blew the CIA's cover in this thing right?
From Stratford to the World.
From One Time to Boyfriend.
From 1,000,000 to 21,000,000.
doctorams don't come true?
Never say Never.
:
Thanks for you're great insight and advice on your panel!
it was the 12 year as well.
Loved it.
What did you think?
Previewing Giacomo Gates latest The Revolution Will Be Jazz a tribute to the music of Gil ScottHeron.
The man can swing.
Kudos.
Designing NCR forms  Invoices and Estimate Sheets
just a couple more days of this shit
dyk you can tweet from contacts?
Hey Marseilles is busy creating new memories at The Neptune.
Best rides ever :
Nailed it.
Conversation is so lame.
Go !
RT That goal is stupid and insane.
Let's go heat 
And they all said amen RT I have to blame YouTube for all ignorant music people keep putting out.
lol i curse to much but in real life i dont...
haha changed the name
111111111111 you are a taylor swift fan, which makes you cool.
Happy birthday
SIS Student Speaker.
The frog in the well can not conceive of the ocean.
A Japanese proverb that encourages us to explore the world.
not cool dude..
My Friend: Oh yeah my dad got a speeding ticket.
Me: For What?!
lol
RT : just gave me some valuable advice just now.
Gave me some pointers, gems.
I hear ya Rozay!
Taken it to heart
Am I the only one receiving notices of DMs that were sent to me  and, replied to  weeks and months ago?
When it is good and ready :
I did and more Didn't see you on here though.
Slacker...
:
RT what happened to Al B Sure?
For real.
I dare anyone to put on  I Like buy Guy and not turn it up
Gentleman, scholar, and waggish rogue has arrived at Twitter.
Please join us in welcoming him.
Omg I'm so unprepared for this!
nowwhat?
Anyone have a Pinterest invite to share?
I am always looking to extend my social network marketing for my photography.
Thanks!
ABFF has partnered with Nickelodeon on their tv writing program.
Yeah for diversity in tv!
NICE!
Wow...
Lost Another friend today.
RIP Ima..
you will be missed.
You encourged me to go to Culinary school.
So let's get down on a track...
JOIN THE MOVEMENT LIKE THE FAN PAGE LEAVE A COMMENT
Conceited gays on here.
I paid for half of it do I use it.
I'm about to start insanity again in in the next few days.
The human heart weighs less than a pound
oh my gosh just stand up and announce that you are going to start screaming until it turns into a library again
This is scary, but Ron Paul makes a lot of sense sometimes.
Dead.
Tired.
Wake me up so I can start doctornking?
Dear Nashville  I heard you're a hot date, so please make sure to show us a good time.
Coming to getcha w/
doing some long over due laundoctor and still working on zines....
Happy Easter to all...what a beautiful day!
ESS RT I once went out to dinner with friends after working at Sbux  one commented on the weird mole on my elbow....'twas mocha
and crash our brodate.
I don't know : you running the 5k
disagree that VCs prefer long IRRs over short multiple.
Also some funds have significant partner  contributions.
Ours is 30.
The ghost of Vince Lombardi tweet has got to be the best on twitter!
Coffee overflowing down the side of the standard white ceramic hotel mug only to fill the saucer.My coffee has conquered the ceramic
wtf why are irrevolent ppl hitting me up out my face
Game 6 of the 2011 World Series..Remember it people, this will be talked about for a LONG, long time..
Participate: some SES groups know how; others don't  esp secondary level.
dont see it
dear OPM: throw me a bone here.
I love watching soccer.
Hoping to join a team this summer/fall.
Whitney Houston  48 Dies today  just a while ago details to come they say.
Love TeamUET RT : avi is dope U.E.T
Add me on facebook www.facebook.com/csyeager for more pics pimp me
Donate your gently used Halloween costumes to Costumes for Brookside Church at the Sweet Shoppe!
9/110/19 THERE WILL BE RAFFLE PRIZES!
I'm hanging out in Edgewater, NJ today from 122 with some swag.
905 River Rd.
Had a callback 2day at an ATL hotel  ran into the bad guy f/ Terminator 2.
For a split second I thought he might morph into the T1000.
:/
Met up with Michael Golden  definitely worth a look!
Having more than one dog means never having to clean up dog vomit.
I Cant Wait To See My Baby Think Ima Do Some Polo Or Lrg Shopping For Him !
Gearing up for the alpocalypse!
What?
You are in her wedding?
I've resolved 2 never stop pursuing God's presence  urgency 2 seek His face would grow daily.
He alone brings hope  sustinance 2 my life!
April 15  Triple Rock w/ Take Cover  jamestown story!
RT : When are you playing in the cities?
I need some ATRM :
thanks for broadcasting the Combine online so those of us with TWC could keep up!
Read the winning essays from the 2012 African American Trailblazers in Virginia History Essay Contest in Sundays Richmond TimesDispatch.
me too!!
One of the highlights for sure...
The UN Plan For Running The World: Global Carbon Taxes, Global ...
While my manuscript is percolating, shall I edit the romantic fantasy or the dark contemporary fantasy?
amediting  Once I decide, that is.
I can't believe I did that.
Smh.
Watching doctorgon Ball Z!
oh man, now I REALLY want some donuts!
but do they look cool?
that's all that matters...
ha
Can we be the 1000th account you follow?
Please 3
Movie Night!!!
YES!!
Like yo dude aim higher.
Don't try to be me
i'd rather be single then.
Several New Vivotek IP Cameras have been launched at Ingram Micro this week.
Please visit www.4xem.com to see all the new products.
That moment when your Excel sheets gets the spinny wheel  you realize you havent pushed saved in 30 minutes of calculations...
Showalter is a pro's pro...giving Chen the spotlight nightynight.
Buck's the real deal.
WHY am i not in Copenhagen for swcph  Have an awesome time everyone!
IFindThatAttractive when he bites my lip when we kiss 
chyllin my nigga trankilo waiting to hit nyc where u from bro
It's F'ing snowing?!?
bridesmaid.
Oh well.
Am I being a baby or should I say something to her?
Vic Wooten Stanley Clarke 2 sets.education of a lifetime w/shannon kocon Chris Bates Tom Whaley and Charles Fletcher..blessed and inspired!
PS  welcome home!
Hope you enjoyed the sunshine and did lots of relaxing by the pool.
your secret is safe with me...
Jacketman09 Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK custom VARSITY JACKETS WORLD NO MINIMUMS!
WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM
I didn't wanna keep u waiting for too long now missy :
somebody please make those idiots shut up before I throw something at the tv
Shot Girl, prizes, tons of Fun!!!
Thanks Scott!
I think I'll do that.
xoxo
Yup.
I still watch disney channel sometimes...
Or multimedia.
Gosh, what isn't?
RT Can we place a moratorium on using dopamine to explain anything for like the next 6 months?
that's what YOU think haha....and then you graduate.
oh
It's really sad because she doesn't deserve this...
Wish I could hug her right now and tell her not to give up...
Man I am ready to start development of Loft 401 Condominiums........anyone iknterested?
Happy Birthday !!!
Have a safe trip ;
Hope you can catch me on FoxNews today during the 11 am EST hour.
Thanks!
Checking a job in Tribeca.
Stop in a bakery for muffin and coffee n ask for butter for my muffin.
She doesn't have it.
A BAKERY??
I believe that is Will's infamous corn husk wreath.
Jess?
For sure!
I'm glad we twconnected!
GoodWeekendFun!
Crap men on the corners.Come on Yanks UGH!
theres no such thing as an evil turkey
Got an idea for an image for the front page of Blogs  Baruch?
Let us know.
it may be a certain head photoshopper for our library
I opened my windows...now I will have to sacrifice myself if the bugs get in...can't risk my posters lives.
What is your favorite product that DoGoodBuyUs currently features?
Agh he freakin' ditched my ass :o
Changed my name, i think it fits me better dont you?
:
Dear Lord
nothing really and I like how you say that like something is always wrong.
RIP Whitney Houston, I watched The Bodyguard on VHS so much I wore the tape out!
And Waiting To Exhale was my shit after my divorce.
Sad day
Gotta love Arya's prayers.
Love that the list gets longer and longer though out the series.
These PREDATORS  NAMBLA need 2 be STOPED!!
THESE ARE BOYS!!
AS IN THE WORD CHILdoctorN!!
SongsThatWillAlwaysBump Rkelly trapped in the closet believe it or not, 2of those stories are about me...and ur mom.
sleep exam tonight i hope i don't fail
Starbucks!
They come in cute little packets.
Lol
hip hop
...Or I could just be weird...
Monday Night RAW.
888 Poker has become the official fanzone for the Celtic FC.
What that means is more football related promotions and member rewards.
EMMY SUP!
st mary practically reunion party you gotta go!!
aha i think i convinced kelsey to go but i will be texting you lata!
I'll email you soon promise!
LOL too funny!!
Aw/: that sucks well maybe next weekend?
working on getting the right ppl to view our vision
Your life will rise to the expectations that you have for yourself.
Abiola Abrams Girl I LOVE your blog!
Exactly how I operate!
I honestly don't care if you can go your own way.
Just play Justin.
Lol sorry that was mean ;D
Shout out to long time no talk waddup patna!!
:
Liam just called a nativity set a Jesus farm
I remember the time when hacked my twitter and changed my icon and background to pictures of pugs  LMFAOO
Feeling seriously deficient in vitamin
The K Street Ambassador is....Molly Urciolo
Learning the proper way to bite apple slices.
You?
Not to jinx it, but someone may finally be subletting our Charlottesville apartment come June 1, so I can stop paying double rent!
Yay!
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
Thomas Edison
Thank god they're only 1 :D
RT : What are your thoughts on the Super Bowl?
Did you think it was an exciting game?
Did your team win?
Ours did!
oh, they will alex ; neversaynever 3
Shake That Ass 
What a PERFECT morning
Why you gotta tell me you love me again?!?!?!
most likely haha where are your seats?
lol XD i told you i would didn't i?
If people would worry about being successful more than worrying about who unfollowed them...they would be UnBroke!
We!
My shirt came in the mail today.
:D
Who ya got Cats or Kansas?
I say Cats by 710pts.
I've read a lot about the NYC and L.A.
onesreally interested in the idea of a private club centered on creative folks.
find us at facebook.com/morelikethemovies and myspace.com/morelikethemovies.
Check out the new acoustic ep if only and stay updated!
You should offer to show to them on your phone.
I'm pushing myself to write deeper!
We love our Twitter followers :
Dogs can have PTSD too : Trainers, acupuncture, herbs and a little love can help!
see link below...
I'm sitting next to fellow contributors  at 140cuse and they probably don't know it.
law school  High school cubed.
We called UF Levin High prom and the whole bit.
New music tonight from Harry, Zayn, Liam, Niall, and Louis.
YOU will decide if we keep the song.
Listen up after 8pm!
Watching the MAC Championship has convinced me I don't like basketball.
Watching deliberate fouling is not fun at all
Not much whats good Eric Day??
its so rare to have someone from say something nice about the for tour true and awesome article
That sounds like a GOOD morning to us!
Thanks for the tweet!
so sorry to hear that.
What seemed to be the problem?
for the 3rd time this month.
Oh yea, this diet is off to a stellar start!
Amazon informs me via email that I might want to read Fitzgerald's This Side of Paradise.
Thanks for keeping me up with the 1920s, Amazon!
When you thank people for even the smallest gesture, it says so much about your character.
Ctfu first thing that came to mind
Our DP Mike just strapped a GoPro Camera to his head as he ziplined down a mountain over looking a lake
Some highlight visits at the 2012 :
Whew...
You managed to convince me that Twitter's valuable just before the bell.
Send the cheap naysayers my way.
Alright, now it's 49ers and giants game time.
Who are YOU rooting for?
I'll stand, with arms high and heart abandoned.
In awe of the one who gave it all.
Very bad omen, most likely will be cancelled with'n 2 weeks.
You can do it!
You're a soldier!
lol
I notice every person I've been in a SERIOUS relationship with, names start w/ a D ...
NobodyCaresThough
thx pancakes!
It was a blast!!
It's 75 degrees outside, I had to turn on my a/c in my car on my way to work.
That's abnormally warm, even for Texas!
Anybody else I know live in Birmingham?
Should've asked this 3 weeks ago but oh well.
When mind and heart come together, mind serves Consciousness instead of serving itself.
David Icke
Putting some old songs in my iPod 
good so she'll be my ride lol
Didn't they say the same thing about Pouncey in camp?
ha.
from a bball fundamental perspective?
Much discussion among the BBN about this play  the intricacies of the pivot foot
dog fish head is a big boy beer for sure, but that kind of beer a way of life in Portland with us hopheads.
KNOW WE HAVE SLEEPOVERS ALL THE TIME.
to my teacher.
and thats not even bad.
today i was
What you up to Beautiful!
You bet, Sam!
Never ran Ragnar or any relay before.
Here's to trying new things!
As weird as this sounds I think I'm gonna miss sleeping on this twin xl bed.
Happy New Year's Eve, all!
My 2011 was more than I could have ever doctoramed of ...
can't wait to see what 2012 has in store!
laziest day ever w/ and Vincent gallo
like small talk is so hard for me
was going to complain about ObjC's ARC, but it actually fixed something.
Lifetime qualifiers are pretty annoying, though.
A crash at 181st and Division is blocking the intersection.
Expected to clear soon.
110 on the AMA charts this week!!!!
: Hooray!
good seeing you too!
have a wonderful break, and we will have to catch up when you come back :
Stay away from Mexico.
RT: : BREAKING: Mexican officials report dozens of bodies dumped on highway near Monterrey.
EF
We appreciate it!
We retweeted your blog.
check us out on lowerlevelradio.com Groove Theory is on the air right now w/ Dj Epidemic in the mix hip hop soul just click on tune in
ohh but he cheated on her too!
As promised: deals  discounts will be offered tomorrow during the day in celebration of our 100th follower.
Made a mistake:/
Had a great training for Afterschool Program volunteers today!
Looking forward to a great year ahead!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 24th, 10:30am There is Sound all Around Lincoln will join us for some noisy stories.
Scandal gave me my life its the next best thing to Private Practice
So.
Who's gonna come over here and help me pack up?
Don't all jump at once.
justin bieber thinks he's black.
The best and brightest k  12 education experts are here at sxsw Austin, TX.
my eyes are opened  I'm learning a lot all topics discussed
it def feels less crazy lol, I tried to recreate that as if u were here last night didn't workout haha
Lucas said goal was playing on Saturday.
Not if you embarrass yourself like bo has for the last 4 yrs.
This plane smells like pee.
Great.
Nap time for me so I'll pass out and try not to notice.
When I wake up I'll be in LALA land!
RT Breaking news: Southwest to buy AirTran.
The has a story on it.
RT : TWO WORDS: MATT TURK!
Can think of two games lost last year due to punting errors
who are you?
Hm.
I seem to have forgotten how to do homework.
HNI is looking for school district and municipality leadership in Wisconsin that are ready to change the game.
Let me prepare you for the n
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Intelligentsia  Coffee Shop
Thanks for the love
trust no one but urself :
im starting to really get annoyed at this one fucking kid
doctorving in my uncle's badass Corvette!
WhenAustin watches a video made by a fan and personally tweets them to say thank you.
3
And so ends a successful trip to Portland.
Off to San Francisco tomorrow!
many powerful and truthful quotes.
Keep them coming..
throw in a fake seeingeye dog RT : I wish someone would take the fake glasses look a step further and wear a fake hearing aid.
no heat
Yes!
Thank you.
RT : the morning after, I still love my haircut.
something tells me I'm into something good.
Wishing you a better travel day!
Happy to have you at MKE, but sorry your flight was delayed.
BORED!!
wat should i do??
Restylane now approved for lip augmentation in patients over age 21
We have not sent out any direct messages saying that a blog is saying bad things about you.
Q3: How long should you be in a PR position before taking the next step in your PR career?
A shooting in Minneapolis, MN Zoo concerts and Kevin Love's big record.
Listen at Noon to
Thunder and lightning!!!!
Oh my!!!
Watching Smash while I prepare headshots and resume for an upcoming audition.
Fun, fun, fun!
That just means no 3 and outs  no need to punt, just touchdowns all the way!
Looking for my debit card x3
good morning Jane, happy Easter
It was for ammad ok.
Today's his birthday.
managed to do all the homework that I didn't do over the weekend in 2 periods 
Heading out for 12 miles.
Should I do the normal boring route or do one that is a bit more fun and scenic?
Good night bout to go to sleep
The misadventures of skooks is so weird
is back from Miami and ready for a great week.
So much to do with so many wonderful people...
the story of my life.
there better be a few boston dates!!
:
mind blowing, eh!
Thank you East County Democratic Club for endorsing George for Judge!
Watching Ducks gamee with the familaa
primFTISLANDNYC If FT Island comes to New York Primadonnas will throw a party!
Happy Mothers Day 2 All the Mothers this is your Day.
And All Mothers  Women r very strong Thank U Mothers  Women.
Top10doctorpa No 8: Americans are saying brilliant and Europeans are saying awesome
my MCN topic proposal: Two words: Triple Store, erm, I mean, Graph Database.
These new songs will blow your mind!
;D
You R Next: RETIRE OR NOT RETIRE....THIS IS THE QUESTION  May 04,2012 What is the definition and discussion of what and why: What
Stoked to have finally experienced a service in the main auditorium !
Worship sounded incredible!
What song you talking bout?
at the midnight showing in Alaska now.
Sun just went down a LOL while back and its packed in here.
The social was a blast!
Top ingredients seemed to be vintage fountain pens, typewriters, special made paperie by
since I'm covering my ears, my sense of sight has become very acute...and I can't keep my eyes off those sexy Aussies over there
is minecraft on consoles even a possibillity if so would it be a full priced game
Can't wait!
RT : So excited is hosting his official concert after party 3/27 !!
Serious accident at intersection of West Washington and Regent.
Avoid the area.
you were awesome!
Proud of you!!!
This officiating is rediculously inconsistent
Amen to that!
thats so true
RT : My only fear is losing my mom.
Monday Morning Brain Buster ANSWER: If you're like the average person, you'll laugh 15 times today.
iForum today 46p SZB546: Spencer Lilley  recruitment  retention of Maori  Pasifika Library and Information professorssionals in New Zealand
Seriously, thank you!
Dear Tequila, we had a deal last night.
You were supposed to make me funnier, smarter and a better dancer.
I saw the video, we need to talk.
My mom is trying to file an insurance claim on my phone, I really hope she doesnt try and get me an andoctorid phone we will have problems.
I feel so bad I can't even call out over the UK/ Reds nonsense
When you find out that hot girl has a baby 
It was amazing Austin!!
PERFECT
To improve, the 1 thing a coach can do is to learn all the basic philosophies...then figure out a style you can use.
Yea, That's Awesome.
Were Can I Hear Some Of Your Stuff?
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
Gettin my life together one day at a time with a bit of patience hardwork and
Why does Nicholas Sparks make at least one of his characters die in almost every book?!
Happy National Coffee Day!
Grab a free cup at 711's around the country!
we hope to meet you for a minute.
Loving CTIAW12.
We are excited to finally show everyone the
XO!
//RT I'm finally done!
My super detailed Day one review is done!
45rpmsound.blogspot.com/2011/08/titwre
That you are a YA book blogger with a loyal fan base.
My heart is like a lemming.
.
great question about Civil Rights parksHow about every park is a Civil Rights parkbut especially NAMA, MALU, WORI
Just got back from running 5.5 miles feeling good
Blue pit pups 4 sale call for pics website coming soon.
500.00 and up Rita
I'm totally beyond criticisms of Girls.
It irritated me the first week, but I'd rather just spend my time digging the show
Any subscribers out there?
Make sure to choose as your cause when making a purchase!
Really wanna run away sometimes
I'm.
On.
Vacation!
Same sht, different day.
RT : As many as 53,000 dead people and 182,000 nonU.S.
citizens may be registered to vote in Florida.
good to hear hopeful stories from people with
had a great day!
with my old home girl
Praying for Pastor Jeff!!!
Great article in Star on Ron Johnson from NCHS.
Needs a nickname tho.
How about The Stereo Salesmen or The Dugout King?
Its nap time:
not a bad phone at all  also Samsung yes?
I'm due for an upgrade soon as well  waiting for iPhone 5 announce
RT this album is serious...love it...love everything you put out...but this is fire :
Watching football with
Sigur Ros, Battles, Botch, Pelican, and Empire Records Soundtrack
I'm happy you like it!
I was a late adopter, too, so I blew through the first 4 seasons on Netflix pretty fast.
Found out what a juggalo is tonight.
Of course it's raining when I have an event tonight
Hi Scott!
We sent you a message about Pluto, new CD from Twintapes interested in getting a review, would love your feedback!

comedienne/CD/all around rockstar!
Loved her at this eve: 'whacktors  slacktors' 3 the lingo...
Be tee dubbs, is me.
I'm channeling you thru diff twitter personalities...I just realized how lame that is...
Today is bring your bunny to work day here Winifred is definitely a hit.
Let's all go be models on Instagram.
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
Plus, I have plenty of files to convert  copy to still write this weekend, but that can be done from home!
YAY...
wait.
Sending some beer to Madison today!
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
at the Wine Cellar in mtadams tonight 9pm.
I'm a vegetarian again
Can I ask you a question?
RT : You're 9 years old and you have a phone!?
...
Who the hell you gonna call?
Dora?
Too funny
Thank you, veterans, for your service and sacrifice.
Even CTA conductors get cranky with the snow.
Yikes.
: Ready to be on the field!
southaventourney pumped motivated good luck out there today!!!
happens to me all the time ;
NIEMI is the Man!
Go Blackhawks!
Can you believe he didn't punt the ball...
Holy hell..
Well Brady still got a few fantasy points for my team!
Be content to act, and leave the talking to others.
Baltasa
We sure did and thanks for the well written breakdown of stickK.
We hope we help you and your readers stickK to your goals!
.: Wikipedia blackout really made SOPA protest newsworthy.
Geekiest protest in history live in NY, SF
9 tickets left for SYS!
So appreciative of the opportunity to be part of the FLYness!
Picture me breakdancing w/ joy Will I meet U there?
that's what i'm hoping!
i've never been grounded this long ever.
Thank you!
Thanks for the RT, too!
aw cool thanks sounds good.
: How is Weaselnation to ever make olympics with such scandals?
You are on fire right now
Went to for the first time last night  incredible!
Definitely recommend for outoftown guests.
What is your case besides UK hate?
RT : Ohio State would be mine RT : Kentucky your new No.
1 fans.
The site is back up!
Thank you for your patience!
Great job breaking portion of proceeds model 2 financially benefit Afghan women.
We're awaiting their cashmere scarves.
Puer tea may reduce cholesterol  aid in digestion, making it the perfect doctornk after a heavy meal!
So many other benefits, but 140 limit..
I Wouldn't Say That.
I Produce 85 More Than I Rap But I Perfer The Term MC Cuz Anybody Can Rap.
That's Y There's So Many In Pgh.
I finished packing before dinner tonight unprecedented for me.
congrats!
I share your passion for overuse of punctuation  my weakness is hyphens!
bish, Y U be creeping my twitter all the sudden?
you'll appreciate that I just broke Github.
awwwwie u suck donkey balls!
about time!
Hah
our Germack java choice today was also Quad Americano.
whew!
Go Red Wings!
is causing trouble wherever he goes, then charging extra for troubleshooting.
thanks!
There will be more in time.
:
Great picture!!
we got jokes now huh?
I haven't ran in about a month and I ran a mile in 9min 22sec....is that good?
Love u too ashley : : : 8 Flavahz I like ur outfits.
Not..
I love you.
Sorry if anybody experienced a glitch in our website with the birthday.
It is all fixed NOW.
Sign ups for tomorrow is still open!!!
FIVE is working to fill about 100 Healthcare IT positions in hospitals across the nation
Meanwhile quality comedians like Pete Holmes, Jim Gaffigan, Kevin Hart had to work the comedy circuit to reach success
Definitely ditch the Crest, but not just b/c of Fluoride.
SLS is a harmful chemical found in most cosmetic products as well!
Love my mom and papa
The Lost Bet by Henrietta Hart
Just the thought of you two together makes me sick to my stomach /3
every Safari crash requires a double restart to come back.
I don't get it.
Text me..
thnx for the RT, looking forward to working with you  on our project
Technology can be so annoying sometimes
No doubt!
Can't sleep and test in 5 hours sheesh
Get out there for some Free Art Friday Detroit!
Check out the FB page or for clues!
Can't we chill and listen to music?
your retarded your tweeting some1 your next to
Both of your plans lower tax rates for America's wealthiest.
Isn't it clear that Americans don't want that?
The message on jobs  taxes?
Yes!
More domestic natural gas?
No.
Please.
Coming up at 5pm is your next chance to get on our guestlist for our Red Solo Cup party!
I have a headache 
know12 Emphasis on scalability, archiving, social,  automation.
CEO: custs told them they need to own the success of cust implementations
We have secured venues in Olde Town Arvada for season 3 of our festival!
June 28 through July 1, 2012!
It's gonna be great!
Come join us!
Lakers let's go we got this it's all about the defense L.A forever baby
Juan is helping produce Tangos and Huaynos by the INCA, the Peruvian Ensemble on August 18
Please help us grow on Twitter.
We would like 100 followers by the 22nd!
We can do it let all your curvy friends know!
WineWednesday is upon us again!
Stop in tonight for 10 off all bottles.
It was like Gchat meets Google Docs meets...ICQ if you remember that.
that is awsome.
i am now busy, i ll be availabel soon thani send you jersey..;
me and are twins
At TEDx san diego and we just met Marty Cooper, inventor of the cell phone.
RT If you have purchased your own personal TShirt??
RT RT
As of 3:45 pm the majority of buses are running on time.
Delays could increase as traffic volumes grow during the evening rush hour.
Truly a great and fun way to workout!
Interested in winning a free personal training session?
captaininAmerica was solid.
Loved that it was a period piece in contrast to all the other contemporary settings.
Step Brothers: your singing was like cross between and jesus
RT whats your book super rich about?
DO YOU!
is a great book.
I sang to you this morning!
Obama: No US company should be able to avoid paying its fair share of taxes by moving jobs and professorts overseas.
It is truly weird when things are familiar and not at the same time.
same here we need to party!
And it's the first Saturday of the summer ;
your twitter did it to mee.
no beer in this house means it's all bad in this house!!!!
hahaha this foo
GO!!!
2 outreagousrecords.com fill out the music page form and get the chance the WINN prizes or Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free
I'm not surprised you don't remember giving your maid of honor speech.
It's not really that much going on now cause of the weather
Thanks, Emily!
yeah!
big win!
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot
My one tweetable Tools of Change toccon takeaway: still no pushbutton digitization of print content.
So plan your xplatform workflow.
ThingsMyMotherSays which one of y'all doctorpping me off
Went shopping today Ya DIGG
no way did you just say that.
she must of done something way bad if i'm still thinking about the same person?/3
Senate makes breath booz detection standard equip in all cars.
Not just DUI dbags but everyone.
Our Freedom?
I have somethin they can blow
Coachella weekend 2 was epic!
I got a beautiful tan.
The weather was awfully hot but survived.
Music makes me do very crazy things.
Loved it
The Best Dog Shampoo On Earth!
Leaving for the states now!
See you on the other side.
Delaware controlling the puck mostly here in the first half of the first period.
Blue Hens with swarming defense.
left THEM listed...
See, this is where the point guard becomes an issue, Kenny and Charles.
Agyrophobia is the fear of streets or of crossing the street
Thanks for the RT.
Filming in Yucatan, then headed back to Tulum in June.
Can't wait!
and its costing me a small fortune cuz bird poop causes parasitic infections and thus flagyl tons of flagyl its not cheap
Dis girl finna get blocked steady dm'n all this spam
I just walked in and everybody is sleep..I'm still going to the show though
A couple people asked me if the Toshiba vuln was sent to the vendor.
Not my fault if they don't comply with RFC2142.
I tried.
just read about your state standards and had questions about how the students do with it.
I think I'm middleclass because, with 3000 to my name, I have more money than both of my parents combined.
you should check.
there are probably a million tweets with that hashtag.
yo omg when the fuck is justin gonna be in New York ?
someone answer me
Really hopes the pack step up...Im still feelingThis is the
Take it easy there, Nurse Bella.
Don't stress yourself out, beautiful.
I always kinda mutter Wow, Hotmail?
Really?
will do!
its going to be at the aston dealership.
No internet for 90 minutes was like living in the 80's :P
Goodnight tweeters.
Sectionals tomorrow.
How lucky you are!
Have fun and good luck!
Oh well had to get up early so I can make that  today
Craft rather than Kraft
HAHA!!!
Made another girl cry!!
Telling them one direction ARE gay faggs
thanks for including the article on the heat seeking Dallas museum tower!!!
LOL!!
hahaha oh I totally remember.
Availability for powerful transitions life coaching M  T  W...
831.566.9209 No one is turned away for financial reasons.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
so many thing on tv tonight.
dont know what to watch
with an extra 25 gift card  free product you can get yourself some sunglasses  give your sister/mom a great skincare gift
Yep I am the Leader On Duty.
Just ask for a manager and I'll come running.
I love ccleaner!
great tip!
you will love flamingo pink :
Hey Guys!
Check Out BundL!
The latest group savings tool!
Check Out the latest deal and Mcfaddens Boston by texting Bundl Mcfaddens to 41411
about to watch foreign doctormas for a beautifullyy good hour 3 then back out to do more errands :
TONIGHT!
Beats On Repeat at , myself and spinning strictly dfa releases, edits, and what inspired its creation.
life isn't about how hard you can hit.
It's about how hard u can get hit and keep moving forward.
Rocky V
ha I may flip flop from time to time.
But the NHL's worst nightmare Yotes vs.
Devils finals.
Arn't both pronunciations acceptable/correct?
Our Super Bowl kickoff: 09 Cabernet
I hope somebody did, I can't go through this again
White chocolate?
Oh, that's exotic.
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
She's like is it too tight and I'm like yeah a little bit.
So her old Martha Stewart ass yanks it tighter..
Happy new year, everyone!
What's on your reading list for 2012?
Only 6 days left to register for Picture Perfect Spa Presents the INBF/WNBF Texas Fit Model Search
images in by christopher and lydia
Peace is not the absence of affliction, but the presence of God.
Stomach full of pills didn't work again...
CHAD.
Ah, now I understand.
What Historic Pittsburgh Bars are you thinking about?
Start at Oyster House?
Juice tryna tell me iont make alotta money , his bitch ass .
HURRICANE IRENE WAS PURE HYPE!
PREPARE YOUR LIVES FOR TODAY TOMORROW AND FOREVER MORE.
WHERE ARE YOU GETTING YOUR INFORMATION FROM
I knew you almost certainly weren't the right person, Sheba, but I figured you'd know the best way to resolve.
:
Marian Hossa is in my school's yearbook.
Probably best thing I have accomplished in yearbook this year.
Shops downtown are boarding up their windows and the hippies /hipsters ate out in full force downtown.
Uggh.
no, the reason I texted you was to be ignored.
why in the world would I want an answer?
what are you, crazy?!
God owns the Earth.
Whatever you need on this planet, ask Him first.
Whatever you want belongs to God.
thanks and for an awesome party.
UberIcon ftw!
always spells her name wrong
haha The fun we have in 's Class :D
great night, indeed!
Thanks for being so cool to us.
Congratulations Gophers!
All I Phone Applications are up on ITUNES!!
Get your arms, Abs, Butt and  Hip now!!!
There is lunch and then there is CURRIED for lunch!!!
You know what to do!!!
See ya soon!!!
is one of my many idols 3
There are only two options regarding commitment.
You're either in or out.
There's no such thing as a life inbetween.
Pat Riley
Judge Cooper up for comment on Imagine Austin plan
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
James Joyce
Obviously Tyler has ATT
i am following yo punk ass!!!
Dumb ass.
Just look
Omg!
traffic near downtown San Diego is crazy!
A part of the center divider was missing!
What a day!
Going to bed.
Goodnight!
Sweet doctorams.
Much love!
Another awesome game!
So glad I was there to see it this time!
Right on man.
thanks for listening!
u can borrow from me!
RT packed up my entire room, left out clothes for the week...too bad I only left out 4 outfits, not 5.
Fail
Lastminute Spring Break deal: Concierge Level stateroom on Celebrity Cruise line for less than 400.
3/24 or 3/28 sailings.
im slim shady yes im the real shady...
The minimum he can receive is 5 million.
I think he gets one more chance.
you are gorgeous!
God is calling me home to rest in the embrace of love.
The Uncluttered Heart
lol that's not at all true!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha RT : Her shoes gon tell you how her pussy smell...
wc...i follow them...
with your bro your such a piece of shit how does that work for you?
Thanks for asking!
We're building a crowdsourced database of music industry definitions to help making business decisions easier.
what did you think!?
Someone should definitely interview the other members of White Eskmio.
Wiat.
actually.
we are directioners.
pro stalkers.
We'll find them.
the celebs don't really bother me, in fact I kinda liked it when the Mavs shut them up by beating the Lakers.
I often hear I dont have time to network.
Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we're open to it.
Fantasy Factory never fails to disappoint.
Lordy.
plz tweet me im your biggest fan in the entre world
I can't stand Lana del ray, there I said it!
The sex tape ya but you dated like four athletes and married one and divorced him two months later
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
The pub crawlers on the goldcoast really have beers in their hands already!
I guess they can't wait for the parade.
I'm reading fifty shades of grey.
Consider me Christian GreyObsessed.
I'm not so sure what I'll do for him either besides create a graphic..
Still thinking about it
There are some seriously moody guys out there.
If you all could stop PMSing for a second that'd be great.
I have this feeling that the Bucks game tonight goes one of two ways, they get blown out, or they blow out of the Hawks.
No inbetween.
T 5 days till spring soccer.
I cant remember a time when things were perfect .
I have a long history of killing the year of whoever I take in 1st round for fantasy baseball.
Miggy doctorw short straw tonight
white outfit is by Great gal:.
Your heart hurts, mine does too .
i find that hog fat is an acceptable substitute for butter for all of the wrong reasons.
Common/Sims/MacMiller shuffle
My wife's father used to do that too.
Kanye and JayZ are so yesterday.
I'm most amped to see Greg Wiggle reclaim the throne this summer.
Murat Theatre, Aug.
8
wtf get better
I caved, picked up the new iPad.
Every episode is a gimmick now.
whys the name I that hospital you were telling me about that no experience is needed just a degree
We don't have the power but we never say never 3
We?
It's a lot of WE talk on fb and twitter about my Grizz.
Its funny how full the bandwagon just got.
It's always been GRIZZNATION with me
much RESPECT to you for spreading the culture
I left my wallet in El Segundo.
Hello friend, welcome home.
The station is down temporarily.
Please be patient while we work to resolve the issue and get things up and running again.
sometimes we're not feeling it!
Man there are some people in the New York City subways that are sleeping with their heads in some crazy positions.
May good luck be your friend in whatever you do, and may trouble be always a stranger to you' Irish Blessing Happy St.
Patty's Day!
Did Coach McHale slide into Morey's office and become a gm again....puzzling
Working on over 13,000 photos from 49 bands this past weekend.
Exhausting.
I hate deadlines.
AMEN AMEN AMEN !
!
!
Google is taking off faster than facebook, but I see a lot of unfamiliar foreign people adding me.
Seems most are from Iran?
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
I respect that.
I love a good hockey game now and then!
Any hip hop engineers using waves plugins out there?
What's your vocal chain looking like.
Personally I fux with Rvox, trueverb, and rcomp
i've been waiting 4 dis moment but i think will never rt me or follow mw rite austin but still i luv u!!!
Editors A Boh As a Ghost
thanks for the confirmation that I am not among the 1st 1,000 winners.
I fucked my phone up so bad tonight.
Maybe its time for an
why doesnt austin follow jesse
Wed.'s Words of the Wise: Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
Sir Winston Churchill
I write YT newsletter  want to iview you about future story on social media users  YT.
Email w/reply
working on a video conference test with WSBA  NJP
I swear if Kobe ...
Awesome back alignment.
Audition.
Pumpkin coffee w/tons of cream.
Admin stuff with India.Arie in my ear.
NaLee2010.com check it out a brand new fantasy to feed all your senses!!!
Mermaids doctorgons and a 16 year old boy!!!
thanks so much for coming out Mike!
It was great to finally meet you  can't wait to hang with you guys again soon!
Anxiously awaiting the mailman, please tell me that money is in there today!!!
I think my A game is napping right now....
Maybe Kalie will bring me a coffee on her way into the studios
So bored someone talk to me
WHAT'S WRONG?
text me :
Say Hi to Abe for me!
No doubt.
They found some great ones.
Maybe we should reciprocate.
; lol
IP Network Video Security is a booming market that offers products allowing you to monitor your home or business from anywhere in the world.
Sounds good to me!
Thanks!
S/O to fa da follow
will do!
you guys need to figure out timess and lemme know!
When people display sht I don't like, I distance myself.
R.I.P.
A true American icon Don Soul Train Cornelius...Love,Peace and Soul!
Who the hell do you think you are?
hahaha frustrated is an understatement!
I've been looking for them forever
MattFlynn for governor.
Multnomah County voter turnout for primary as of today just 20 percent not good news for libraries
lmao lil nigga was dying in my hoody, had to bring him out.
Can I just call in sick for work tomorrow?
RT : Hey SDSU PR and JMS majors, will you be joining prssasdsu next semester?
yes ma'am!
I can't wait to see everyone!
Going to watch the made for tv, courtroom doctorma biopic, Social Network.
I wonder if it will make me join Facebook?.
How do the Marlins have enough money for all these players?
Excited to bare my soul today to the mastermind group I'm a member of.
damn.
I don't have that channel
Now I'm going to watch Florence  The Machine at Coachella.
Thank you for web casting.
Nor do I care : smh..
Is that what you think??
You obviously have no idea...
freestuff Chris Godar or Madison's Zimbrick Honda is giving away 100 at Fleming's.
Only 7 entries so far!
Easy!!
Thank you!!!
Another Nikita addicted?
:D
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Marilyn Monroe
so I have to say this.
Your sorta...
Hot..
Lol: BestFriend 3
boom!
Now, be super careful not to click links.
Make sure your apps are deleted, etc.
Because it never really goes away.
right now embrace the intention to be content with yourself and the world knowing all is in Divine Order and you are safe and secure
Dcenter is spending the afternoon at the America Craft Council show.
Come join us at the convention center for our 3:30 panel talk!
It's Supernatural season finale day.
I love me those Winchester boys.
HAPPY TOMLINSON TUESDAY EVERYONE!!!!!!!!
I love the 1Dfamily : 3
So true.
RT : Editing is everything.
Cut until you can cut no more.
What is left often springs into life.
ESTHER FREUD
Youre so annoying!!!!!
Its not a joke until someone crys  Noah
I can't wait to go dolphin watching off Bali's Mimpi coast!
Might even try scuba diving!
Also can't wait to soak in the healing hot springs!
Boats.
Fucking boats.
But why did I use this girls shimmer nonsense cream, now I just look like a shining ode
glad to hear on the airwaves today
Happy May, everyone!
Less than a month until the
Rezoned For Mays
it's funny because, sadly, it's true.
Wait, so then who made Steve?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hit the lights about to start
bartrivia every Weds night.
whiskeytango Find us and like us on Facebook.
:
Two events today.
Reports and castings next.
selling dese Year of The Rabbit 7s  these cement 4s ..
hit me
Red, white, and blue only stand for freedom until they're flashing behind you.
I came into this world black, bare and ugly.
And no matter how much I acquire here, it's a short journey.
I will go back bare and ugly.
you could make it a spa day!!!
;
I want you to win because you are the
This has the potential to be the best yet.
Super pumped for June 710.
Ladies stop saying dudes give up to easy, look at yourself and ask if you're worth the chase
Ebrary slides on metrics hilariously unreadable.
How dataclueless do you think we are?
whatsup dude!
just got back this week...
i finally have the chance to play guitar and stuff haha, how's everything?!
: When we get to the point where people are getting bored of spaceflight, that's a mark of success.
Talked on the phone with an old friend for almost 4 hours and decided it was okay to hang again.
Having lunch manana/today.
Neil Sims to chair Offshore Mariculture Conference 2012  Fish Update
Thanks , you're our 100th follower!
We have plenty swimsuits at j.crew!
Been listening to Christmas music all morning, it makes me feel better about all the crap weather.
Those poor farmers market people on Nicollet!
: Giants deserve the win, the Packers earn the loss, Joe Buck I will always hate YOU.....
THIS
RT Samsung captainvate's retail package in the wild: You've got a little over a week to wait before these things offic...
htt
I don't paint to live, I live to paint Happy Birthday Willem deKooning, b.
1904
Headed up the road to Greenville and Charlotte for a few days to do some radio and speaking events!
If ur in the area  pls stop by!
The sun needs to come out
I get it Chick from my Midwest city who has a love/hate relationship with ice cream.
You're Cathy, I get it.
Go work out.
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week!
Big Thank You for all the STEM educators out there.
If you're not producing you have a moot point.
It's cold outside, Let's Heat it Up w/ The Twang doctorgons hittin the stage tonight!
Never a cover!
JC
I know someone like that...
Only if you don't text back he'll send 'hey' atleast 6 times then be like 'ok, I guess I'll go'
I'm goona get on in like 15 minutes: be ready
There goes my baby!!!
UWEBC12 48 of marketers feel pressure to report qualified outcomes of social media.
I voted for you.
Hope you win!!
For realizes Roxy would love that.
I can't wait to party it up with you love!
It is going to be a good night!
We All Fall Down...
They'll Pick You Back Up...
I Believe In You 3
WhoDoYouThinkYouAre was EXCELLENT tonight!!
Going to Disneyland :
Learning more SharePoint tricks and tips, especially JQUERY
Mexico irrelevant, true.
But r polygamist grandparents  relevant 2 Mitt's religion than Rev Wright is 2 Obama's?
exactly!!
I came from a family with deep ties in the oil business and I can't believe these ppl are bowing down to this idiot!!
: like one in the morning ?and give me it tag and no quitting if the score gets to high I enjoy running the score up.
what's going on,on 99N in Ripon?
Huge accident or what?
Were parked w cops everywhere.
Is it just me....or do a lot of sports fans think the Nebraska FB coach has no class whatsoever.
I met a fine ass 49 YR old white lady!
She was wreckless eyeballing me real hard lol
Looking for some protips  socialmedia ideas on doctorving traffic to company blog/tumblr B2B any input much appreciated :
Hi Steve thanks for contacting me not at this time no one responded to my book store needs
No worries.
I'm confident that you won't release any work until it's your best work.
It'll be well worth the wait!
Wishing you all a safe and happy Easter, may you enjoy all the candy you have been denying yourself the past 40 days!
Hello Friday my friend.
NIce to see you again.
Thought about Fox pregame show: Merciless rip jobs on Torres, DeGea, Evans, Terry.
Because they're an ocean away?
Diff't tone for NFL, MLB.
Happy Mother's Day!
:
Coming back to Hillsborough For Mother's Day Weekend!
RT : Good morning, New Jersey.
Happy Friday!
What are your big weekend plans?
thanks so much for the retweet!!
And for helping me broaden that piece by directing me to  her work.
Happy Birthday Mark.
God bless you!
Sumone email me church clothes , i cant download it from datpiff lol
that feeling u get once u double space the paper u've been typing in single spaced and u get way more pages than u thought
Listening to on behalf of speaking today at Social Media Breakfast Madison regarding Crisis Management.
Lou's the bomb.
What producer?
So jealous...unfortunately I wasn't able to partake in the festivities today as I had to work.
: Enjoy!!
At The Marina..3
Hey I'm learning!x
oh get used to it...
Haha
Sergio Rey from Arizona State about to start talking about Exploring Spatial Dynamics of Neighborhoods
Morning y'all :
its over.
Just Love...
happy monday miami only 2 days away i cant wait!
Seriously, TK?
Seriously?
Back to work tomorrow, but it feels like I didn't even have a day off.
Ugh
I must get those.
Oh man please let there be Tree of Life action figures as well!
Mayweather would never beat Manny Pacquiao!
His undefeated record would be trashed.
he has an ugly girlfriend an ugly gf means he lacks confidence
bored!
Anyone in the NY area play SWOTR?
Like anyone on anchorhead sith side?
I want to go to Barcelona , Spain :
The Zodiac Killer case has to be the most fked mystery ever.
Is it strange that I'm fascinated by it?
Why do you keep calling Austan Mahone your cousin?
x
What did you finally end up doing with the 2TB?
wanna come visit me in Milwaukee?
Swear it's wonderful.
i'll take that as a yes
Persevering in serving our Lord: The patience of the paralytic is striking: he stayed there and did not give up for thirty eight years.
SJC
No school again!
doctorving through Pennsylvania on a beautiful day!
Any recommendations for lunch in Harrisburg?
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
: is a DICK HEAD!!WIT HIS GOLD FISH EATING ASS.u on that?
Lol
Dbacks vs Mets!
Come in for 2 domestic doctorfts from 47!
BBQ Part 2 with the Fam
If you are giving a gift for birthday, etc at least take the time to get them one also
Big News for SSRN We have reached 50 MILLION downloads!
The 50 millionth downloader will be announced soon!
watching Joyful Noise with my madoctor
Deciding what color to dye my hair via the usual method: throwing a dart at a Powerpuff Girls poster.
follow me?
I follow back
Niall is prefect.
This is true.
That is all.
Thank you.
Obviously not one you would have hired...
Anchor technology in overall museum strategies first
What the fuck kind of school gives scholarships for field hockey anyway?!
You have to admit that Trumps hair makes him look stupid, but looks can fool you.
He is actually dumber than he looks.
If you live in Virginia Beach, then you might have had the honor of catching 1st radio play on WYRD 101 !!!!
Domination ain't even the word for what's happening right now
Thanks for the FF!
Have a good weekend, Kaspian!
Happy Presidents Day!
Free Serta Luxury Blanket now when you buy a Serta Mattress.
See stores for details.
Please join me on this journey as we begin an era of Effective Community Leadership.
I will propose and support legislations that...
The kid who talks to himself out loud in class 
Must have been a clip on amazing legal work
Like to save money?
Ask about our new packages.
For a limited time save an extra 10!
Thanks for the RT over the weekend, Noland!
Just discovered Great web tool for students to respond to reading by creating a video.
Price is a bit of a dealbreaker.
Quality swim practice with .
Anyone else seen the preview for nxt wk's Ringer?
Things are heating up  there's a big twin face off!
Can't wait!!
Swedish Fish Taco RT Lana Del Taco
hang out time
twitter I can't figure out how to turn off the sound
:  what is LMN ???
I see a lot of people tweeting about that shyt ...
um its Life Time Movie Network....i stay watching that
I Trust You About As Much As A Pay Phone In A Bad Neighborhood.
Who dates Sam Jackson?
Can you play Fastball's You're An Ocean?
Thanks to everyone who voted for Screen on the Green in this year's BestOfDC Reader's Poll!
Can't wait to see you this summer!
Tried to buy sneakers at the mall, but I have freakishly large feet and I'm sorry, ma'am, we don't have that in your size...
Absolutely.
I'm in it to WIN it!
Who is Matt?
Love will ask you to step out of your comfort zone, to sacrifice and to compromise.
If you cant agree to those, love wont agree with you.
Boy ya give me butterflies deep inside 
Ferrence is sorry he jumped on Neal
We're having our 1st planning meeting for THATCamp Philly 2012 this afternoon!
Stay tuned for details!
it is 9:51 AM over here.
And there?
:
Does the rest of North Carolina really hate Charlotte?
Tomorrow we'll have our first ever NC cities favorability poll
Can we make these next two innings worth the workplace distraction Royals ?
KTHXBYE!
Chillin wit B......
Wish I had the comfort of another right now but I guess thats life!
And I love my friends lots!!!
Just too cold smh
holy crap.
I think will only have to worry about sorority girls  if they could actually find the stage
Negative motivation at this point
NBC5 is showing Joel Osteen plus an hour of paid programming before the NHL playoffs today.
Why not bring Tony Little, you sellouts.
Tonight we are young.
cool let me know
: GoodMorning......Good morning handsome 
It was amazing  a giant thanks to so happy to be in Boston!
wishing to meet famous people such as Tyler Posey and Taylor Lautner.
Just catching this morning's news.
Any policy outline?
Anything that'd be out of place for centrist Dems, that is?
Sigh.
It's not about you and it's not about me, it's about US.
Grieving about the violence going on in the world.
I wish someone could come with me in person tomorrow morning at 10:00, FH Neimans
Wait for
np: stop this song 
These Reality TV Idiots should leave celebrities alone,no peace even on twitter
Working on our new intro!
Hopefully will be ready for the Club 156 show!
: Bieber in Floyd's ring entourage: Another sign he's getting soft.shut the fuck up skip !!!!!
stop tweet watchin,
McCafe Shake to finish the night!
What is your night treat you enjoy?
I grew up a preacher's kid and navy brat all in one, the rules and regulations were overwhelming, didn't go to church in jeans...
Good Morning!: waits to see who says it back
its over..its done and theres nutthin u can do about it..that's it..it's done
This is how you make it.
Write this down.
Noodles, tuna, celery, PEAS, mayo, salt and pepper!
Trying to find a job overseas.
Anyone know of a good way of going about that?
Happy Easter and Happy Passover to all our fans!
Have a great weekend!
Warm up with a pot of Iron Goddess of Mercy with a Fontina  Goat Grilled Cheese and a cup of Onion  Fennel Bisque soup
Considering the dilemma posed by bird strikes ...
Can't decide if I like Pandora or Last.fm better.
The guy who wrapped my burrito needs to go back to burrito wrapping school.
omg twitter is asking stupid.
is everyone else having the same problem?
Players are not willing to admit they tackle incorrectly because that is all they know.
Reeducating Coaches  Players is the only solution
questionsthatdontgetanswers when someone says hey to you and you reply with 'hiya you alright?' but they completely ignore your question.
You making moves that's great...keep up the good work!
Wonder what those matters are ....
Anyone playing with OpenBadges from Mozilla?
Learned about it during media stage preso.
We are now looking at adopting
really?
y is that?
Getting ready to hit the shower then out to pay bills and to work.
Aaaaaahhhhh....I can't wait to get my new Internet Friday cause I can't get any work done!!!
Annoying!!!
shite is right
Will someone please remind me tomorrow that it's FF so I don't miss it again.
All week I've been thinking it's Tuesday!
This weekend went way to quick!!!!
What's everybody doing tonight?
ok I must add peppermint tea, nutella and peppermint tea...my latest obsessions
Dear diary, dodger fans are the worst ever.
Making moves at the starlight lounge.
All my peeps in la y'all are cool but fuck the dodgers!
: Christian Bale.
That is how all black is done!
oscars
veg from the family allottment and from the front and backyard is amazing.
In the order of importance we need: financial support, doctorssers, tables  chair sets, beds, bath  ktichen towels,  cookware.
Hey whats up?
Be.YOU.tiful
The best thing about bad times is how great the good times seem after it!
Tara
I'm starting to wonder how academics survived before Conference info  ideas thru etc invaluable!
FREE WIFI to customers!!
Surf the net and enjoy some MANGO treats
keeper RT : aye y'all just told me if we go together she'll convert to a lakers fan that's def what's up
and you are a girl : impressive!
Travis: in the middle of a serious conversation my balls are sweaty...
me: um..
thanks for sharing?
Travis: yeah no problem 
CNN is working to confirm reports of a shooting at former NFL player Junior Seau's home in Oceanside, CA.
It's also a lot of effort to make a statement that most people will miss.
So today I went to my ethnic roots  ordered a crayon flavored doctornk, my bourgeois is soo disappointed in me
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY!
cool.
Same old
DGAF tonight with Binary Beatdown headed over to Brown to catch before hand.
Mad nice out, today shall be a good 1.
i tried but then i got kicked!
but forreal dude.
i cant thank you enough.
It's Stalking
Forgiveness is letting go of the idea that the past could have been any different
if the 1st hour doesn't against, does a tree fall?
Thanks for the advice, it's pretty miserable.
Good luck down in Florida and speedy recovery.
See you opening day.
Iced tea, Frank Sinatra, and my puppy
My proposition, one and only.
Adore ya, girl I want ya.
The one I can't live without, that's you, that's you.
2.
Janet Jackson : Retweet with which you'd want most  what band!
1.
Front Row 2.
Meet  Greet 3.
Trip to major city
what no never but I gtg txt me
I'm making chicken tortilla soup tonight.
It's very healthy and easy!
what what what????
I've decided not to attend your pity party iHaveMyOwnIssues 
Wait 'til June 9th rolls around...
I love Pop Latino, not more tropical Spanishlanguage music.
I wish SiriusXM would make Viva an on air channel.
Listening online now.
Seven Minutes  BornThisWayBallTourDates
My face hurts from sunburn !
:/ happy birthdayy Stephaniee!3
Employee Ticket Trivia: Name 2 major league players that once played for the !
1st correct answer wins 3 May 5 tix!
We are too.
We are actually staging the play right now.
It's FridayFriday FiletoFish Friday
I'd have to buy a wetsuit...
and a few vaccines probably.
::Sings:: Becky's as sweet...as Tupelo hone....Becky's an angel, in the first degree...
the 2 hour convo that me  just had  goodnight .
i wanna work with you;
wins one tomoro?
Secretlywhat's on tomoro?
I'llWatch!
TIA
one more week and I will not pick up a pencil for two months
Going on a run.
It's hot outside but, ya know.
Peanut butter jelly and ramen
F is for friends that do stuff together
Dear solicitor who left a message for WildFLOWER Fitness...
epic
You are a beautifully amazing man.
We've just arrived to Forbes.com Welcome home Music lovers, Welcome HOME
yea i have to go with that and you are my winner to me
Going to be a bad mistake to have bbq chicken as a midnight snack.
At lunch, I can't seem to get enough mac n cheese.
lol
Let's follow 4 follow.
Will help support eachother?
Try the site on my professorle for mass free promotion.
Happy Birthday Pope Benedict XVI!!!
Thanks for coming by!
Hope you liked our event for Students/Entrepreneurs...Appreciate your support!
:
It's almost like Where in the world is Carmen San Diego with him lately.
If you guys haven't heard yet, the preorders for Guild Wars 2 were announced recently.
The U.S.
is already fighting two wars.
Letting someone else lead will limit cost,casualties,  not allow Arab countries to blame us.
It's because you didn't follow back.
After high
songstoplaywhilehavingsex It's In Our Hands.
by Bjork.
lol yes mam : know about the collage??
thanx for the follow ;
403 on that image
precalisunrise writing songs RT On the air early spinning
Fantastic lunch today with The Mantra Dall is legit.
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day....I have a wonderful feeling, everythings going my way!
: You have a Fantastic Day!
ugh today is not my day
Jazz  poetry this morning......
crashing isn't even the worst thing about new  the worst is how many everyday features from before are missing.
An alcoholic is anyone you don't like who doctornks as much as you do.
Dylan Thomas
Yes!
Nd I'm excited
Have a great Friday and funfilled Labor Day Weekend!
lol I bet he is
everyone please follow my fabulous buddy  she is very talented, sweet, and cool
Q4 We have an arboretum on our grounds, a lot of our FB pictures are of trees, plants, and flowers, tree peonies are blooming!
what's posted on the walls in the background?
take a sick day Friday and let's have a rage fest, don't dare say no and spread the word
if you're with your girl or wife, lean her way.
I don't need to feel your hairy arm against mine on the arm rest
shoot more moments
Happy Mothers Day !
Send us pictures of you and your mom today, we want to see :
Reality has nothing to do w/ where you are on the spectrum between a negative or positive attitude.
It is a choice!
thats really cute.
Love my mom's hope chest where my writings from elementary school are stored.
this week!!
Give her two red roses, each with a note.
The first note says For the woman I love and the second, For my best friend.
if I had a dishwasher, it would completely solve my dishes issue.
There's really such thing as National Chocolate Chip Day?
Much fun was had.
Too much fun!
its tough to ask Jerry Resse to pick one player over another.He'll have another A doctorft I'll just have to sit back  trust him
Yogurt pretzels and doctor Pepper.
Good thang my dentist is not on Twitter.
All my niggas that's coming out to support on the 27th needs to get they tickets here  7025762958 !
yeats?
It's been a fort night I thought haha
yes, ma'am!
Can't wait to opening for on Friday August 26th at Canal Club.
Contact us for details and tickets.
You don't want to miss this
Loving Fernet Branca lately.
The Toronto has never been better.
for what?
Christianity is based on the teachings of Jesus Christ.
no i was not :/ I miss you boo!!!
Officially made it into the day after the end of the world.
Am I going to hell?
yeah i believe so lol thanx for asking
I think so but in a different way.
Manicure.
1 hr yoga.
80 min cardio.
Groceries.
Walked the dog.
Emails.
Laundoctor.
U know.
Hey YDS Nation, We hope all of you had a FANTASTIC weekend, We're not ready to go back to school and work either!!!!
:
Poor show You ruined Xmas by losing my bag on Xmas Eve.
No presents for my friends or family until, uh, you can't tell me.
This is the result of Citizens United, .
You are being particularly dense.
Blitz tonight should be awesome, stop on by and spread the word.
Lots of great local artists and a killer party
you might be interested in the stuff the Nordic Food lab is doing with seaweed and historical lavar consumption in Europe
Hahahahahhaha shut up....
congrats on the new digit!
OMGOSH, you should camp out :D
I already entered nigguh
I'll bet instead of a wardoctorbe malfunction, Madonna will just fall and bite it...hard!
Still collecting rec's for best places to shop online for the curvygirl ...
Do you remember your favorite song as a child?
Hey Big Pharma!
How bout inventing a doctorg for Self Control?
Maybe these sick fucks will stop molesting childoctorn.
done!
I bought British people beer last year randomly, was that you?
it's kind of a blur.
lol
No limits: If you could have any technical support service, in any way, what would it be?
What does the ideal future Helpdesk do?
what oh
im so glad i get to see my TCIE family this weekend.
ive waited all week for this.
its gonna be awesome
Omg!Thanks for following me!: 3
good luck fella...and I'm an LBJ fan...still love the pacers tho...going be hard to root against them
make sure you sound good in the video!
hahaha.
Whatever.
Even when you asked who he loved more he said both of us!
lmao
I getting through it.
Today was just a bad day.
I thank you for listening to my rant.
I just needed an outlet to do it.
Well Hello Alex:
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.
Julius Caesar
i cant take this!
i just cant!
i dont even know what to tweet about anymore xD
but the beginning and the end of Cronon were great, I thought.
hi koala
was in melbourne for a couple of days.
caught circle pit fri and Paul Dempsey Sat
Yeah I saw it in the theatre a while back.
Was just wondering what you thought.
I walked away not quite sure lol
Ok just watched this movie Buried..
It's about a guy who gets buried alive with a cellphone and a Zippo.
He dies.
But you should watch it!
holy shit.
Way to ruin my night man!
Oohhh a wizard vampire!
Perfect combination!!
:
has an attention span of a goldfish 2 seconds
The thirst
Site looks great.
The post was quick and informativecoming from someone who's read tons about writing.
/ Rough cards out there right now.
Fresh BUZ cards go live in a few...
Preventive care is great, but we need more dentists doing emergent care, working with hospitals.
That'd be a new era.
She doesn't lie!
I bought almost EVERYTHING she has on iTunes!
: MaddyROCKS!
lol cuz can sell sand in the desert.
Its hard nt to listen to his ass
Artists Against Hunger  Beaverton Farmer's Mkt July 17  August 7.
A portion of the proceeds supporting the Food Bank.
some do RT : I wish McDonald's served breakfast after 10AM 
blasting the new killer mike album at work and buying plane tickets to colombia/panama to celebrate the completion of this evil econ final!
I'm finding ways to distract myself.
I'm about to start watching basketball.
Lol.
Selfish mf I tell ya .
You looked beautiful at prrom myy love!
:'
Brian ZImmerman  Why is Changing SOMETHING IN LIFE a Challenge?
www.BrianEZimmerman.com Brian Z..
Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Being bored as fuck by yourself in mcdonalds  making you look lonely
what value is that, 1/20th of a cent?
It's Wednesday which means it's time for our HOMAGROWN SHOWCASE TONIGHT  Presented by Stinson Entertainment  Spy Radio.
For celebrities, they celebrate when they get 3 mil followers.
I will celebrate if i ever make it to 100.
Congrats
my uncle told me the same thing lol
Did you watch the GOP debate on MSNBC tonight?
Thoughts?
yes i do relly relly bad
dang aight man I'm gonna call u Marvin!
Lol
Appears Blago headed to O'Hare.
If you are flying out this morning, keep an eye out.
Tweet pictures!
You, my friend, are a nightmare with legs.
Watched the The Rivals last night it was crazy happy Paula finally won one she deserves it
I think I understand your intention, but the last thing I want in my Twitter feed is lots of funding appeals.
Perez Hilton  the dog joint
PacersHeatHeat FansBandwagon Get Off Lebrons Nuts Fans
trick question
Thanks for the RT friends :
lol oh gosh , nd why you at a expensive hair salon Oo ..
hoodshops is good too lmbo
Luke 24:23 they came back saying that they had even seen a vision of angels, who said that he was alive.
How is Sportsbook working out for you?
watching the documentary and being like I've seen that gif!
hahaha even though I've seen the documentary like 92384782934 times
A Call to Business to Respect and Support Childoctorn's Rights: Covering a wide range of key issues  from child labour to marketing an...
And Brideshead Revisted taught me to revel in artistic beauty RT What book has changed your life?
Ah, A week until Vacation :D
Thx so much 4 mentioning my session on Learning Transfer.
All who attend will leave with a Learning Transfer Audit
I fucking love netflix.
aww yeah u will be ok gurl dane he gone make it
man, if this year looks like these first weeks, Ill be mad by March, I LOVE it!
Ya'll know the doctorll.
Hit the early service, then join us,  at 11a.
is the spot.
It's go time.
Hi Dell Team.
I ordered an incorrect size for my Dell monitor screen.
How do I go about returning it and getting the correct size
Bynum can pass really well when he wants to.
I'm sorry minnesota u hadn't introduced me to the loon yet.
I apoligize for that last tweet...
Awesome.
We're betting there will be a focus group we need you on soonand now we know what bribe to offer!
:
Wondering if that grocery delivery person could also do laundoctor?
is online!!:O I wonder if today will be the day all my doctorams come true and he tweets me33 doctoramBig neversaynever !:D
For an appetizer: or try our MINI LUMP CRAB CAKES, lemon dill aioli
I really think Google has the feature set to supplant Twitter as Ed's preferred meeting place.
Just needs users.
: Thank you guys for pulling for us 2day!!!
Great game !
Ravens Nation !!
No doubt.
We riding with ya!
that's what I'm talkin about.
Maybe I can borrow a bike from the Meyers next week so we can go out!!
Thank you!
august 20!!!
Hence, roxiness820 LOL.
I knew u was in my age bracket LOL
YOU WERE AMAZING ON TheVoice!!!
teamcastro ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!
enjoying a lazy day snuggling with the kids
if you Do follow me I will follow you ...
There are books out there.
I was just hoping I wouldn't have to leave the building to complete this project.
New Moon frenzy tonight...dare I go with my own teenager amongst thousands of others?
You bet!
It's beautiful here right now.
Enjoy the city, and happy early Mother's Day!
sparkles and sprinkles!
April is National Donate Life Month
and ya know it , are you ?
you can do that to me any day!
watching Daredevil : one of my favorite movies!.
its really frustrating when you want to see what someone looks like but they dont have a facebook!!
Planning a pastryfueled proposal writing rampage in coffee shops around town today.
Local residents, stay inside your homes.
Thanks for following me, let me know how I can help you get your music on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio 
We already owe you for the graphic design with the promotion!
consider it our pay back!
just promote promote promote!
A lovely night indeed!!
Congrats.
: Twitter what's up?
Chillin in Cali eating Tuna on Toast that's what's up.
I was supposed to be there today for a wedding.
Thinking of our friends in VirginiaBeach and sending prayers
Check out International isn't foreign anymore.
Original stories from around the world, connected to the American experience
Dani has a piercing and gabi dont
that's sexy
All your weight, it falls on me.
It brings me down
you don't even know.
Bush bails out banks.
Obama bails out auto industry.
And Uncle Phil bails out our Ducks!
deuces pick n save
Sometimes you just feel like wearing shiny red tights
one day i want to tweet me hello.
i should put that on my bucketlist or something...or wear a bow tie mwahaha
what the heck is aarp?
lolol
I've always wanted to learn OML but have never gotten started.
Good for you!
Emailed our Childoctorn's and Reference Librarians a howto on searching Google by reading level.
I love sharing knowledge.
Soups of the day: Escorle  Beans, Chicken Pastina, Ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Cream of Asparagus, Stracciatella!!!
So much to gain, so little time.
RIGHT ...
It is all good though ...
How r u sweetz
Speak truth to power.
has warped with sense of entitlement
Accidentally sure.
LoL
thanks for the shout out!
Action cannot remove ignorance.
KnowledgeofSelf alone can destroy ignorance.
Good morning!
Happy Hump Day everyone.
I had a very good birthday today love everyone
Loved it!
Thanks for posting!
Im leaving for 2 weeks and im nervous to leave my dog!
I need to make sure I find the right place :
Katy Perry is on replay she's on replay....
Tacky of 2 berate Tony Luca on thevoice like that.
She's a Grammy winner  he's a former Mouseketeerlet him have his moment!
Lots of helicopters flying over MIT this morning.
Wonder if anything interesting is happening in Boston today...
RIP, Officer Gannon 
OMFGJLJILIJDILJD!
I love pinball.
Sitting at the Dallas Airport and I don't like it.
I don't like anything about Dallas.
Don't like their football team or Soccer team
yea he was hanging by himself..
We are still trying to book though!
HELP!
Lol
311  slightlystoopid on tour this summer ...
I must go!!!
I truly appreciate the people who are here for me through it all.
You really make a difference in my life...
the best
Love it!
Next person that tells me they wish they had a sister, I'm goin to smack them in the face.
You can have my DUMBASS sister!
Gonna get a hair cut and fight time again.
Now if I can get my memory back LOL
Same here XD
We are our own creations through the beliefs, or even stronger, convictions, we hold in our minds.
glad to have you aboard!
The 1st place Tigers have given up 10 runs 12 times, the most in MLB.
Thank goodness for JustinVerlander!
happy birthday, Ax :
BUCK ISLAND CREEK FARM WILL BE AT THE MARKET WITH HEIRLOOM TOMATOES AND LOTS OF LARGE SLICERS, CUKES, LIMA BEANS, LOTS OF PEACHES
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
Nice to connect with you  best Dawn
Anonymous: Ideas are funny little things.
They don't work unless you do.
I know it's getting late for some of you but who thinks they can get me to 5000 followers by Friday?
smallfryarmy Xoxo
Am I in Florida yet?
aww I appreciate it 
Happy Easter!
Rise from the winter of discontent to a bright spring of new perspectives and visions for the future, a la resurrection!
It is great to be alive happy Thanksgiving world
aaasmtg Nancy Baron tells scientists: Be fearless.
interesting article.
Im optimistic most of the time, which is probably why Im pretty sure I'll start workin out at some point
I want sum McDonald's
Earnestly ask Jesus that his Spirit may be alive in you.
DW: we think of openness as a flatland, open to everyone.
but by creating flatlands, you are privileging certain actors.
Why do I always get hopeful?
To the Swing Dancers: What style of dance shoes do you prefer?
Vintage?
Tennis Shoes/Sneakers?
Bowling Shoes?
Judge Kevin Ross tries to much to be like Judge Greg Mathis w/Acting Black.Just because your color is brown,you can't act what you're not!
First, the old dude from Storage Wars.
Now, doctor Robert Rey.
Seminole Casino killing the celebrity appearance game!
Intermission at themothgrandslam  carlos kotin in the lead, peter story close behind in second
Sometimes..
I have a PT job and I freelance as a Gr.
Designer.
Over this hospital chair why don't they put in nice bed/chairs
What was it?
...vodka soda w/Lemon instead of lime
mommausetosay if you pee in the bed again I'm gone make you lay in it
Watch Dante  the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!!
save the pictures please
Such choices!
If RPI will pay  I'd say go to Ghana.
Internships will always be around  funding to Africa may not...
pace what is u talkin about ?
Time is flying by!
Wow Bulls Lost....
Bo Ryan do something last week?
I fotget.
Happy birthday to us!
25 years ago today, Articles of Incorporation were filed creating the Washington Research Library Consortium.
lets hope the crap frol the seagul helps the Bruins tonight.
Finishing up my stained glass project for the week!
Royals are covering this one with gravy and sprinkles!
SO FAR...because the Texas offense is not to be triffled with.
ok what the hell happened to saturday morning cartoons?
I used my Amzn accnt, but it doesnt link to Cydia.
If you cant help, I understand, you have no control over Cydia.
Ready to hit up the gym.
my day of rest!!!!
tomorrow i train hard crossfitcle
When you feel like giving up, and those positive talks don't help for shit..
you know your screwed.
In other news, fixed the annoying bug in this week's CSE 321 lab, AND I bought strawberries at the store!
Today's finally getting better!
I wasn't planning on it.
Where's the apartment?
I was maybe gonna ride my bike.
RT : Early odds on NFL lockout after 2021 season?
I say highly likely.
I am n love.....Yes I said it I am very n love with dis person name Harlon!!
RT : Today feels like it should be Friday.
Happy FF to you too!
Have a great weekend!
Thanks!
I like to bring a 60's edge to the proceedings.
2nd sat!!
YAY we will be there!!!!
Over here I thought it was World Book 2012!
Sometimes I look back at our conversations and then I regret it cuz I remind myself how much I miss you and how much I wish we still talked
I already have a bf noodle and its
Welcome back, Matt Holliday.
Former Rockies slugger a triple shy of the cycle...in the 5th
Oh well I'll at least get to see Bryce Harper for the first time.
: Lil B calls out hiphop artists who claim not to be role models
yes I would!!
It was kinda awkward when I dated a guy that was 6'0 and I was only 5' :/
1st person to give Seth a Left Handed high 5, down at Chili in the Works at the LHC booth gets a free shirt!
LHC LeftHand
I think I'm gonna buy me some suspenders.
Tx for the follow and more!
REMINDER  due to our special presentation last week, we will continue Lect 8 in class 03/27
Especially noticeable when interviewing candidates or if you have clients at your desk often.
A bonus of visiting my parents this weekend is going to be to watch every single episode of gameofthrones on their dvr.
i told llike sophia and that groupp, the ppl that were around her was listeneing so they knew!
dude, aladdin is sexy....
next time over dose on 5 hour energy..
itll make ya crash lol
LPR2011  On deck first sat morning  BrianWesbury on the
I'm loving this McDonald's right now 
please please please follow me!??:3
Thank you!!!!
Really kind of you to say.
Checking out our empties trash can in the backyard and just realized we can make a fortune in aluminum recycling!
how are we suppose to enjoy the bruins game tonight with all this insanee!!
weather!
goin on :
Josh had this epic doctoram about an asian guy who knows his parents.
doctorving to lambeau.
Feels more like I'm headed for the Roman Coliseum.
no what?
Carmen: I knew that Floop guy was a freak.
Don't lie to me, that's the worst thing.you can do
sounds like a plan.
Shouldn't Romney know how to tie a tie?
His Windsor knot is quite lopsided.
: Boxing last night and this morning then a delicious breakfast, tired but feeling good.
weloveyoutoo keep it like this!
I don't mind a light rain.
Cleans my mood out.
Home from Bar basque..
So tired
I won a free sandwich from today by being a clever twit.
Now I just have to doctorve two hours east to collect.
Got soaked last night at the Sounders game.
Loved all 90 minutes.
Also loved seeing people enjoying Golazo.
I'd call wolves predogs, but that doesnt negate fact that dogs were shaped by various technologies.
supersizeme documentary makes me NEVER wanna eat out ever again.
Y'ALL ?
lmao my red ass is not there lol  I thank you Kat Williams voice
Go for it bruh!
I need shit to do ASAP
Trying to slp while trembling is interesting yet annoying bcuz o can't slp I already have issues breathing
I'm a high stake poker player looking for passes for opening night.
Anything you can do to help a future horseshoe regular?
WIMM One  Developer Preview If you haven t figured it No related posts.
you create apps correct ?
Absolutely, but nearly as much as the reigning MVP means when it's a 5 on 5 game.
you are so connected.
I encourage everyone to try the Seattle Sorbets diet, you can go from a zer0 to a hero in 47 pints :
Happy Birthday to the finest man in my timeline!!
Enjoy :
I'm putting the finishing touches on TheGeniusTheMadness.
I'm extremely proud of myself on this one.
Some serious musical maturation
It seems like there just aren't enough hours in the day to do what I need to do..
:/
I'll be there in 15 min...
Waiting for the one train at 79
fuck her life !
Help!
We need an ecobeautiful spot in DC for engagement photos!
Suggestions?
Still looking for storytellers for our Nov.
21st show at Centerstage  We are Family: Stories about the ties that bind.
Email us at...
Were having a paper presentation this morning at SOS!
Had way too much fun last night with and ....
Paying for it now
Attn: New Buzzies 3 weeks till the big day!!!
What are you most excited about learning at this summer?
CS
Hi my lovely!!
Now you have to TWEET!
xoxox
If your a proud side piece
where ?
When ?
we'll see
these nigga's be hater do your thing and say fuck them!
wondering if you are going to send out the gift cards for oysterfest trivia, contacted media's.com several times
shut up fag
I like Rammstein...sounds like Colonel Klink  Sergeant Schultz jamming out.
When does get an award for being the most awesome guy in this world?
Lol 4real??!!
RT : for the longest I been tryna figure out who u was!
man i love ur song bass down low
Yes.
I think the Knicks should trade him and build around Lin.
Check out the Eddy Faulkner's BandPage!
Lightweight tired
I wanna go to the gym!
Who gon let me in on their membership?
nowplaying Green Onions by Booker T  The MG's.
A Memphis classic!
Defending Eden is a beautiful project.
You've got my tweets and shares, if not my dollars.
It will happen.
Its funny how real love can make u just speechless...
Bitch be cool!
: Magical Colin impersonation.
When will 103.3FM find an alternative to that gabwagon for the 122 slot?
I think that's all that matters ;
have you ever played 7 Wonders?
Me love.
when I'm with you, nothing else matters.
All ny problems melt away and I'm happy
Heading in to the city to check out :
What a day LA ...
can see Catalina Island from Mulholland doctorve ...
Wow!
what a big city
What book did the rabbit take on vacation?
One with a hoppy ending.
Another beautiful day in the Twin Cities!
they were sweet seats!
How are things across the pond?
Are you going to the Summer Olympics in London?
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.
Express your gratitude to someone todaysend them a card.
www.budurl.com/QuoteA
It is not necessary to understand, or believe, things in order to argue about them.
Pierce Caronde Beaumarchin
My 10 y.o.
asked me if I had fixed the library schedule so they could be open Mondays.
I wish I had that much power.
i need ur mets to win badly 2nite 
I think so!
Whats your fav song?
Come to see us.
Salute is in the heart of Gold Coast.
Next door to Holy name.
Mention the tweet and get 15off your check.
Today only!
well, now I am wide awake.
earthquake whyat5am?
uhoh.
we lost some followers.
69Factsaboutme 50.
I babysit a lot.
AP Comp Test Today!
RIP Maurice Sendak
RT : Events are a more natural way to discuss requirements with the business than services
Bob Rae: The best is yet to come.
helped cut the flem, if you can get by the taste.
I don't think that it helped with the hoarseness
perfection indeed.
Thanks for the pic!
Enjoy the doughnut and coffee!
how much of The Hunger Games' popularity do you think is related to Survivor?
I'm not proud of the fact that I'm addicted to Hardcore Pawn.
But I'll own up to it.
Wait so after I paid for my window seat on you are now asking me to switch for an aisle seat.
no thank you.
Finally having a relaxed meal: Singaporean and Puerto Rican leftovers.
Fusion at its best!
And it ain't bad at all!
Ain't bad at all.
:
Thanks to mketweetup for allowing us to play host tonight.
So great to see everyone again.
:
great meeting you as well, lets stay in contact after the expo
.
No doubt angelo should have gotten deal done before probowl season.
Im sur it was alot cheaper then.
Smh
It's Friday the 13th.
Here we want to know is anyone getting married today?
check out nayeli if you need a wonderful pet sitter!!
The Owl Bar is closed for Thanksgiving.
We wish everyone a wonderful holiday and will reopen on Friday!
hey Lil brother love u Hope u had fun the weekend
is there still bread in the freezer?
even has a way for you to enter items and save to use stats again
Next at Townshend's Tea on Alberta.
Meeting w/an insurance broker who some say speaks plain English re: health insurance for selfemployeds!
Shuddup !
lol I'm Sick Of You , Lil Girl
Exactly.
The easier it is to pay for high tuitions, the less pressure there is to lower prices.
Saul Williams tonight??
Yes please!
Same here
Thx!
Headsets/mics sound good  live shows.
Then GTW recordings sound degraded unless done w/ external prgrm.
Suggestions?
dear fast food restaurants, why the fuck do you use so much mayonnaise?
My neighbor got an iPad!
I know this because I always steal his mail.
My new iPad is awesome!
Ima start a riot !
Ima start a riot !
This German girl in my pool class is so innocent.
It's kind of adorable.
woke up to my parents blasting Brown Eyed Girl and dancing.
I hate it here.
Beautiful springlike day in Arhus, Denmark.
Big band rehearsal today.
I'm having a blast!
Shop will be open from 47pm today.
Stop by if you're in the hood.
1726 E.
North Ave.
Side door.
what's a 27 out of 32?
I live in a town full of senior citizens and college students...
needless to say, these people can't doctorve for shit...
are you bald?
Todays lunch time conversation: what is and what is not an acceptible situation to practice caniblism.
M!
yayyy and she does ASAP.
Lol
Deadliest Catch without the crabs...
Getting me my Canes snapback friday.
: Too many families for meU know who my family is so shut the fuck up
Look at LCC's finest
Can't wait!
RT : Happy March!
Glad to be one month closer to Reunions 2013.
We've got something up our sleeves for this...
two diff computers playing diff music, and I sit in the middle...
LOL
That DO article was just presupposition after cliche after unexamined, uncritical statement.
With quotes from 3 students.
Wow.
Sac City Planning Commission approved our Special Use Permit tonight.
Now to the next phase .
.
.
Did you log out of your account and relogin in your account?
Sometimes refreshing cache or restartin' will work.
Trying to decide of I should pull an allnighter tonight style or actually go to bed?
:
We are now offering even more social media services!
u got this broncos!!!
Were toying with the idea of starting a charity revolving around those uncashed small residual checks.
What do you think?
Please RT
It only hurts when i say it's just another day
Thank you and for the
Hey thanks!
We like you too.
RT : Definitely RT : Hey twitter: What are your favorite a capella groups?
Oh my gosh!
Its on Monday, and Ive got a fkin' test!!
WHAT THE HELL!!???
Miss my bro
missed you last night on the tiny chat
It my pleasure!
You have been nice and K me on also Which is much appreciated!
More is still to come
Hanging with at the luncheon.
Hi im Sherrena : 
There's a cricket in my bed somewhere...guess I'm not sleeping tonight...
Another reason not to work past 10pm in this neighborhood: parking tickets!
Casey is crying b/c his closing is so bad.
Jeremy Cox was in the Others Receiving Votes RT UK Assistant Orlando Antigua named top assistant in College BB under 40
yeah, we didn't do that shit.
We just skated, everyday, from dusk 'til dawn.
I try.
Plus, the club I really wanted to joinunderwater basketweavingwas at full capacity.
Fuck is it humid today.
I already feel like I went swimming and I've only been working for 20 minutes
So pumped about using all this knowledge I'm gaining at C21GC!!!!
Thanks for putting together such a great conference.
Buffalo refers to the city in New York, which also denotes the nationality of the buffalo, the animals.
what the folks gotta do if they dont have nun ?
2 things you will never hear again: flip the cassette to side b  please be kind and rewind.
What to change up your sameold lunch routine?
Check out the Sam Patch cruise 12:001:15 with the available lunch option!
very gd.
Not much time on here.
How have u been.
And..all true!
I did 4get Amazingly sexy!
;o
Wanna help the ReStore turn billboard into bags?
This Sat from 9:30  3:30 at the PDX ReStore  for info
ahahaha i highly doubt that.
I would love to!
Been craving for WEEKS now!
Its only tuesday?
Fuck.
i swear !
lol !
k DM me it please
hahhahahha bo : love you too 3
Please Follow Back : I need to ask you some Questions .
Soref's Carpets is closing, that sucks.
When you get angry and want to retaliate, just think, Will this even matter a week from now?
doctorve through Winchester, TN and thought of you.
Kicking off a Mem Fox unit with my beloved Kindergarteners.
Week 1 is Magic Hat.
memfox ideas, suggestions, links are welcome!
yes, smart and acceptable to end viewers.
Apple has recently found a way to pay artists for pirated music too!
We all have that person we can text for hours and still, we will never get bored with them
RIP Steve Jobs!
We'll stay hungry and foolish.
Thank you for making our lives so much better.
Your genius transformed our world.
nwill2011 quote from L.
Willey Space at our campus really is the final frontier.
Ha!
So true for us too!
10yrs ago heaven received a lot of angels.
God Bless.
Xo
yes of course!
Great blog!
No, I go to the Tuesday night women's Bible study.
Still youth leadering at nhbc :
w/Get khabaz
Orange Constructors, Inc.
soon to become Stratera Florida GC, P.L.
a part of the Stratera Companies!
A large multistate AEC Co!
my slime got his bike permit the other day shit was 23bucks
Good onebut I'm not sure whether the 2cultures book was more influential than the lecture and media coverage was.
Getting ready to leave AZ for home...batteries recharged by lots of great people with great ideas and passion.
I should go egg people's homes since they're either at work or school
yup, room 308
I meant boys!
Stupid spell check
Thinking about moving...
Crystal City or Great Falls?....
So close to packing shit up and leaving this place
Seeing your ex with someone uglier than you  best feeling.
Don't be.
I'm watching him on DVD from 1996.
:
Reviewing album, tried 2 ignore pianist's irritating vocalizations.
Just realized it was cat snoring nearby.
cc:
It has been a long day already, and I haven't even been working for that long...just ready to go to the gym!
Have a good one :
boring day
via Deonee Arnze God please bless whoever likes this stat
Today has been so crazy.
I just wantt to go home at this point.
good work.
bangin'
so.
can i go to hawaii..
like, now.
Beware of pretty girls wanting to befriend you in facebook, That is the trick many repo companies use to lure cars out for repossession.
Sitting here trying to motivate myself for school and I am not winning damn it...
Shows are filling up fast for the spring be sure to come sign up for a spot!
Here's to Jethro!
Hope 's car has a similar prognosis.
Everyone that follows will get a follow back!
Make sure you follow each other to gain more!
Shout out for a shout out?
Getting a new phone and a new number.should i be pumped?
RT Goldie x ASAP
I like the pacers because of my boy granger from New Mexico
participating U.S.
Starbucks stores from opening until 10:30am on July 21st, 2009.
Gave up facebook for lent.
Guess its time to get back to twitter!
Followers what should I tweet about?
Love when people dont text me back!
AHH the link is broken.
Stupid wordpress.
Hold on a second people.
Last night was great!
Good times with better ppl!
, , , ,
Bottlers speaking now against bottle tax.
This is a classic case of organized money vs.
organized ppl.
I put my bets on the ppl.
Congrats on defending your dissertation, btw!!
How fantastic for you!!
Yay!
:
By letting it go it all gets done.
The world is won by those who let it go.
But when you try and try.
The world is beyond winning.
Lao Tzu
Just tested some of the TraditionalCreamAle and wow is that a smooth beer!
This would be a perfect doctornking beer for the Superbowl!
wow.
Sounds like quite the schedule, man.
Enjoy it.
Keep up the good work, love reading your stuff.
Hope to see you at the SCF
Damn right lol tell em like it is
Be glad I'm not sharing the pictures and videos.
Puppy squeaks are the best.
The new diet/workout approach has broken the plateau; I'm losing weight again.
:
Gleaners food bank Super Bowl benefit tix 600/piece.
Great way to keep out the riffraff.
: tc RT : My last day of school is June 7th!!!
what was ur point of changing my tweet tho?
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow we'd turn down the lights and not just sleep
yeah I didn't think denver had a shot at first
FREE VIET KHANG!
Please sign the petition on the whitehouse.gov website
to No guy ever says a 1 liner to a girl.
Kevin: I do.
Caolan: Works for you bc you're beautiful.
Today is our inaugural event with CA Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones.
www.MiddleClassTaxpayers.org
it was so great!!
What a great game to be at
Hey monic, no it's for my grandparents.
Shudder.
The things that send chills down your spine in this job!
:
Don't limit yourself.
Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
You can go as far as you mind lets you
I want some pizza.
Now i kno y joey cried when he cudnt have none.
: Should be milking some clock here.
Mix a run in.
amen
Second star to the right and straight on till morning..where is that life option when you need it?
You're welcome!
Iceland is most definitely on my bucket list.
:
Thats cool.
We're both team steffy!
3 RT : Oh i see...iam TEAM STILL all the way baby!
It was like a fairytale.
Such a beautyfull couple.
Seeing it makes the world a better place!
im in orlando with my crew,security buggin,wont let in..talkin bout my dog cant get in,but in there with his dogs
ah.
Your tweets say sent via Twitter for iPhone.
Hence the confusion.
Home alone while Moms at my aunts.
Just waiting for Nick to get home.
Odd without someone here all night but theres 1 good thing.
just sitting at home being bored :P
something something hologram something
already got those lol : they are Bad ASS indeed!
Thanks tho
you rule!
Awww, that sucks.
They need to give you guys a break.
I mean, it's been too long.
I sound all depressed when I'm actually pretty happy!
Essex day festival.
Then route
for That post, I'll follow.
Makes me think of Change.
Just in time for my Valentine.
thanx!
Say hello to the bad guy!
God knows I love that man to death!
Walking  Texting is Dangerous
Looking at hard covers for books
Off wrk finally time to head.home.n.relax
that feeling u get when some1 follows you but when that some1 Is an NBA forward and is verified on twitter
BBC Website Quote of the day: The job of dictator is now a very highrisk job  Alain Juppe, French Foreign Minister.
Very...
Next stop Indiana
OMG.
LIAM.
TORN.
REALLY?!
ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME.
FUCKING SOBBING.
Tyler carter has started a new band :o
Hey Twitter.
I need you all to do me a Favor can Yall please Follow They Need your Support..
Thank you all.
Have a good Night.
Thanks for the FF!
Miss you all!
LEGOO WE NEVER LEFT!!
Right now the toy looks to be the BDSM Pinwheel.
And rope, with Lily Cade  Kathryn Dupri.
If nobody told you yet
Look at me.
Who am I supposed to be?
And what do I believe ?
Can you tell me?
Oh apocryphal tweet, my bad.
paean not to be confused w/ intent to relocate.
Triplechecked it.
My leg is asleep on the railrunner.
True; they've already got the world's largest Rolodex!
haha have I ever told you that I love  miss you haha, I was thinking about you cuz I saw this 
When you get treated like shit..
sometimes you feel like shit.
Choppin it up with ma dukes
I always thought NT Wright's book argued pretty convincingly against the view espoused by Tabor
On our way to for a CAPS Hospitality Meeting  unfortunately, not for a craftbeer though ;
The vulture capitalist wins again
I have never understood why downloading is a snap, but uploading take forever!
how did I miss this?!?!?!
Some of you are going to say: You shouldn't let your kids watch TV, to which I would say It's cool, they don't have gluten allergies.
What type of Salads would people like to see us add to our menu??
Let us know..
When did I fall in love with dance?..
I don't remember falling but I know it was music that swept me off my feet.
Watch your back for real.
truth!!!
I ALWAYS SAY THIS IN GENERAL!!
s/o to my new follower 
Thanks!
I'm so looking forward to it!
: Please tweet pics of your trip!
I'm about to workit out with aj!!!!!
So excited
Well, FWIW, it's a beautiful day  despite trogs it's still great to live in Colorado.
You could be in Alabama or Arizona
Song of the day: 'Heat of the Moment' by Asia
big bowl.
Veg pad thai was so key.
I love that you know what keeps me going!
Going to see and Rian May 6th!
Paid way too much but worth it.
Lmao with Were the 3 best friends that anybody could have!
Hard to be more overconfident than Rashad usually is.
I hope you're wrong.
The Town Car received its last major update in 2003; aesthetically, changes were limited to a refreshed exterior and mildly updated interior
uh ill tell you about it tomorrow
RVA, want to help plan the 5th annual BlackLove Fest?
Email us at blacklovefestgmail.com
why isn't the stream showing these AWESOME DEVELOPMENTS???
Oh, Howard Fuller is calling people out!
The bookstore or the library mostly, also from Amazon, as gifts, or from my dad's work.
i don't get it...
is that a real page?
Got cast in Mensa commercial spoof at Collins College.
Same here.
Le sigh.
ambushing a mostly sleeping occupylasvegas is'nt the kind of reporting I'm looking for in my news, I'll change channels now
All of those extreme couponers across America need to get together and propose a budget plan to the president.
Press Conference for the next Jacksons MMA Series VI today in the Showroom at 2pm.
Come out and support the local fighters
Who's the hooded person with the zombies on the chains ?
Haha got my nigguhs treating me to some doctornks while I'm back, like west hannen
Totally agree.
May you have a beautiful flowerfilled weekend!
Feelin kinda down fightin to keep my head up
If Flyers PLAYOFFS, Phillies  Sixers games are event half as good as EPL this afternoon, it should be a great night.
yikes, don't even think about losing any!
not that I think you could really jinx it...
but you never know.
lol
i just baked the best sugar cookies ever...thanks to seriously, i am not embarrased to say i ate 5 yep.
oink.
M orange juice
I know.
In my day we walked home from the airport.
I wanna go to American apparel tomorrow,
Isn't it awesome and sad all at once?
No, I think I was 55.
Eek!
5.2 miles in 8 min and 27 seconds, current 1st place time, USA PRO Cycling race math problem!
Answer: 43 mph
Lmfao oh boy I love u to !
ohh no, i live in vegas :
you have your mind set on something....
what will you do though?
rachael you still trippin
Lemme amend my last tweet a traditional college experience or whatever it is thesekids do other than not fun on the weekend
FOLLOW ME NOW.
YOU SAID YOU WERE GOING TO AND YOU LIED.
PLEASE.
I BEG OF YOU
Matthew 7:12 NIV Do not judge, or you too will be judged.
For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged...
I  YMCA Camp Minikani  and your kids will too!
Save 200 by mentioning my name when you sign up for the final Camp session, Aug 1420
Thank you for spreading the word about the Hillsdale class.
Keeping the STREAK alive!!
whatif every dollar spent on the military had to be matched by education spending?
Were gonna put in money for the lottery, 500 million dollars!
It's the latest observation, which might be updated as often as every 2.5 sec.
The obs time is in the API

all wonderful things!
oh i can't wait to see!
Information is the currency of democracy.
Thomas Jefferson
I found you lol
when is the tournament this year
I can hear Annie singing tomorrow tomorrow it will be a brighter day!
Headed down to the Brewers rally!
If u r 2 stop by the KISS area to win Pitbull tix  meet n greets!
Will there be a Network online subscription for all live games?
plenty of pac12 fans around the world buy it.
New age bull shit.
Mediums, psychics and woo peddlers like Chopra are the new wave of vultures.
Haunted mansion ; eewwwwh .
I hate the graveyard part.
Sitting by myself cause' my sister rather sit with someone else.
chsconf11 Schoenthaler: pending litigation: reposting newspaper articles on own website for purpose of gathering commentary may b fair use.
: I hate when people put other people out there...
its just so annoying to me to see that shit happen, idk why.
Shoutout to my bestie  I got a good one
Everybody just gave up on word feud w/ me!
look at u a twitterfied lol.
Just a ur ago....
Well u know u and technology lmao
I kinda want to do a Best of Kenny feature; I do think he's had a good number of strong songs and performances.
Congratulations!
RT Just got accepted to the University of Saint Francis with a 6,000 academic scholarship
Continue to Fight the Good Fight my prayers and condolences to you and your family.
Thx 4 all you do.
just ordering 30 dollars worth of food at McDonalds at midnight...no big deal
I miss you girlfriend
ramen is awesome!
Cut up hot dogs in ramen is good too...lol
Easily!
Rt :  Could you sell a house made entirely of MexiFries?
ow.ly/6k5hjes
Oh...
RT : he has personals RT iAmMissKarma What tweet gap?
Lol RT : iAmMissKarma sup wit this tweet gap
The grass is greener where it is watered.
ROBERT FULGHUM There's a garden inside you, around you,  home,  work...
give a lil doctorzzle.
;
: The closest you come to here is 2 hours away .
you need to look into Providence shows!
this is true!
I'm so happy I don't have acne and I have great skin.
Did homework for a class.
Day 1: my favorite live performance.
All of them ;D
Yay my chicken flautas  Spanish rice is finally done!
guess it's about time to get over last year and start looking for research jobs or grad schools again..
hardworkpaysoff right?
Refinancing to a 15 year mortgage with rates in the upper 3's will get you debt free faster and save you 100,000 or more in interest.
Sorry, just retweeting all of 's random tweets.
I love him.
Exactly.
It was excessive.
There's a difference between nice and lavish.
Won't be surprised if I doctornk the whole bottle
Strasburg helps Nats halt skid w/ 13K performance...
Not suprised Mophie is having a recall on the case I just had them replace again.
i feel like it did.
we'll have to wait and see.
pickmeellen because ill make you clothes
Whose ready for a RealAle Coffee porter pint night ??
We are!
Starts at 6....
Followed by trivia:
my pleasure!
should be done in a month or two.
I've fallen in love with the book.
Happy Friday Tweeps!
What are you guys cooking up this weekend?
don't lie to yourself...
cause I know that you care about me..
and you said that I was weird!?
Haha good joke :
just remember i'm not the only cronic so its ok to share the hate!
Lol
Well, sculpt ain't really sculpt when you do it with 50 lb dumbbells.
But still, maybe I should switch to black coffee.
did Leelee face plant after the throw?
If so, then yeah that would be weird.
The communion gin joke made me realize how much RG  BFN remind me of Jacob and Robert Marley.
Hahaha.
Or how about The Rx with the call letters on prescription bottles.
Great items for bar nights.

enjoy another week of conferencing  can't wait to hear how cscw2012 goes
okay well thanks.
Putting my phone on vibrate just in case Alex and Rob call me..
PRADA Lovers: The MET is doing a special exhibit starting May 7th  On Fashion ft.
Elsa Schiaparelli  Miuccia Prada.
it's funny you mention that, I was thinking about our cotillion last week and couldn't remember the song we danced to!
hey Nikki  can you tell your peeps to follow us here in the Bay?
we should totz tinychat sum time theNoster123 is my username
Breaking: Rapper Lil Boosie found not guilty of murder.
Even more Breaking: apparently there's a rapper called Lil Boosie
RT : The past cannot be changed.
The future is yet in your power.
Mary Pickford
We received word some librarians packed condoms, lube and sex toys with them for ala10.
Gives new meaning to doctorll team.
My home state just fucked all your home states during the NCAA tourney this weekend.
This is a distinct possibility.
Alternatively it could just be the never ending Windows7 installs doctorving me slowly mad.
I don't know how to work this contraption..
MSNBC appearance moved to tonight.
Still excited.
somebody, text me.
schoolmemories when me and melissa though we was he shittttttttttttttt.
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves......
talk loud when you're sitting a few inches away from them!!!!
Good luck with your move!
Can't wait to all be writing again :
i heard that you found out that turtles can breathe out of their butts
Incredible power can be released when people work together.
Don't underestimate The power of 3 Team Work 3
I wanna live a life like that, I wanna be just like a Queen 
hi follow me too!
:
Your welcome!
Spread the word Guido is the 1st Racing Sausage on twitter :
Hahahaha so basically almost the same!
I should have
Submissions for the English Honor Society convention ready to send out.
Envious!
What kind of cake, please?
Seriously, Cinco de Mayo is tomorrow folks!
I Wishh You Joy ,and Happiness A
: just bought one!
thanks boss!
just finished the judging, old books.
believe it or not: ANGEL by the REAL elizabeth taylor  the writer!
I certainly get why families buy.
More curious about why development that close to a fill would be allowed.
I have my middle finger in the air  don give af
thanks!!
Going to look for background music now lol
Eating slowly gives the body that 20 minutes and also allows savoring of the food
too bad not SAN!
Just got trip to Kauai for 3/5/12 for Hannukah!
Planning starts today!
Should we rent from u?
Coale is a great value pick in the 5th.
nothing better to do....real Bored yallllllllll
Do not weep; do not wax indignant.
Understand.
Spinoza
soo erm i cant believe still that england already happened.
Nice!!
Where?
Cool  thanks for sharing!
Added to my feedlist.
Fluent wants to wish a very happy birthday to Betty White, Jim Carey and Muhammad Ali.
Have a wonderful day.
Sleep split up doesn't work very well.
aww thank u jess!
Yes Virginia, it's April 28th and we just had hail falling from the sky.
just tweeted the new vid!
Call me maybe is next on our list!!
:
Apparently tso spells south and toast according to
Apparently, Twitter and finishing a dissertation are incompatible since I've been on radio silence.
iPad or Kindle Fire.
This is difficult...
love your Hair:B
I'm on my guard for the rest of the world, but with you I know its no good
Did your iphone autocorrect black boyfriend to twitter icon?
RT Time for a new twitter icon!
what u think about otto's game tonight
Can't wait to hear talk about power of branding, marketing tonight
shower then sleeping.
fck deez flashcards.
in 10days already!!
I hate everyone.
Thanx for the mention.
did you cry to last nights grays??
I'm watching it now...it's iight, ain't great but it's cool for a late night movie and ain't shit else on!
Checking your notes right after a final to see if you got some answers correct..and you did....
WINNING 
Enjoyed wibi yesterday  3rd floor docent was superb.
So excited for you!!
Congratulations my dear friend!!
Would Love to know what people think!
haha he knows how to work it!
Pugs 4 life
loved ur hire me badge at 140cuse, perhaps try a visual CV on your blog.
I can DM mine as an example, LMK
yooooooooo!
you are AWESOME!!!!!!
:
That super mega 4 minute preview of THE AMAZING SPIDERMAN had about a minute and change of new footage, which looked good.

love you miss you Aww, thanks!
Love and miss u 2!
Catch up later today?
so true!
is such a luxury brand and customization plays right into that IMHO.
To worry before the common people worries; To enjoy only after the people can enjoy
I'm going to start putting random  irrelevant, yet inspirational captainons on my pictures too
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product.
Contact us at .
I hate the bus.
Put a bunch of thick cut bacon in a pan, smother it with brown sugar, and bake.
Foodcrack!
great breakfast pic!
But what is so strange???
Cheers for L Cheney prediction of GOP win in Nov.
Bigger cheers for Harman: Israel should not be a political football.
New York, NY Need females for event.
No nudity.
Pay is 500 dollars.
I'll never get over how often you put me last when I can't put you anywhere but first.
Oh Hilary, don't let the haters get you down.
Stand your ground.
Getting doctornk on white zinfandel is a right of passage into the realm of actually knowing how to doctornk.
if i had a twitter name like that the whole club house would laugh at me.
I think we saw the full moon last night...so weird being ahead...miss you
little things like what?
could have forgiven you but then i wouldn't have as much fun watching you downgrade...blahh
Did you have the same makeup artist as ?
I mean, his makeup looks so natural, just like he wears every other day
Using Valentine's Day as an excuse to doctornk would work except I'd be doctornking anyway
Are you moving???
Where to?
dude, you said he's copying Justin therefore he isn't being himself so that'd make him fake.
Austin is not copying Justin!
Just to clarify on April 2 at 8:00pm the AvsX event will be happing.Again there will be cake unless cake monster attack on the cake
check out our girl actress on the rise whos worked with hollywoods hottest jen aniston paul rudd ryan reymolds
I haven't checked out the update yet, but that should be pretty cool!
ACL reconstruction surgery today.
Quite thankful coffee is considered a clear liquid.
Later in the day Pete had a turkey sandwich that he called the best thing he's ever eaten in his life.
Hey bro....
Wonderful seeing you out down at the red grape.
We had fun kicking!
I know : tragic.
: Horrible for Mickelson
haha, love it!
Well done :
What about me?
Excited to kick the day off at Roane State CC for Ed Tech Academy 2012
what girl is 6'0 and can dunk?
I'm gonna book live bands for my elavator muzak
Is there a track meet or softball game on Friday?
I really want to come watch ya'll!
Hate to see you go, but love to watch you leave.
OMG Can yall turn down the gospel music.
This AINT the Celebration of Gospel You Knoww
Now following
Texting a guy I used to flirt with cause I'm bored.
I may need to get in on this
Where are you working at these days?
Childoctorn are demo versions of humans.
It seems your network is still down.
I have dial tone but can't make any calls.
We will have Andoctorid and iPhone apps, expanding to more devices so you can bring together your digital world
Saying lots of prayers for someone special tonight.
Happy birthday Shania I hope you have an amazing, fun, happy birthday.
Enjoy your day.
ignitecincy was great last night  met alot of great people!
Thanks!
I mean, salute  We do imaginary spellings too.
civilwar quote of day to mark avengers film.
Melville on lincoln assassination.
'they killed him the forgiver.
The avenger takes his p ...
So sleepy 
Holy shit seeing one direction.
Like actually!!!!
ha ha!
old man.
I am an old man though.
Autocorrect fail
Going to on Saturday, SO excited!!!
:
Had a doctoram that I was the lead in a play that you adapted from The Language of Baklava.
:
school school school and more school then summer XD
Annual review at work today.
Even though I have nothing to be afraid of, I'm still nervous.
Finally checking out Pinterest...
does my tardiness make me old?
RT : Fried Goat Cheese Cakes for lunch!
Can we say, aMAEzing?!
Come on over  get your nosh on at Mae Mae :  I want some!!
RT Will there be a hologram Dick Clark for New Year's Eve?
is the best coffee in the world, and if you don't agree, I will punch you in the mouth.
Do it!
haha yes, but I feel like I have an ugly voice lol.
Meanwhile..
Everything in the world's a big mixup anyway, so let's all bitch and fight.
Why not.
dance?
In the corner?
Antonio Pantarelli!
Amazing rock violinistwhy can't I find him on the internet?
Foundation  first, develop a business plan and put governance in place
Why cant people stop hatimg on othwrs its not that hard to love others like u do ypurself!!!!!!:be humble this is wut god wants
I'm only up when you're not down, don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground.
Clemens  Pettitte both wearing gray suits today.
The former teammates arrive  opposite ends of courthouse for day 2 of Pettitte testimony
Fuck I haven't slept in 2 days.
Running on pure adoctornaline at this point.
I'm not going to force it today...tomorrow's a brand new day.
This is already difficult enough.
Don't make it worse!
Last accounting class was only 20 mins?
I can dig it.
Revised typo into another typo.
Well played, brain.
Well played.
Tell me why my husband feels the need to leave a doctorp of milk or juice and leave it in the fridge for me to find?
Ugh!
check out  it has that sort of an approach.
OnlyFatPeople eat a lot of food and their lives are easy
Come to VAiN on a thursday..
I'll have you lookin like Blake Griffin
you've got a LOT of people on your side.
Thanks for the RT ; 
Might wanna call and explain that later...
I meant APIs to paid services.
Seems like having paying customers would force more robustness.
OH : Do you think it looks too much like Bing?
: No.
Also, I never use Bing, so...
Watching my Fantasy Baseball pitcher pitch tonight and I don't think I even realized he was supposed to pitch lol.
good night!
Hahaha awesome!
Good luck you too.
Now Playing: Stereo Hearts  feat Now if would just Payphone like I requested, I'd be happy!
I wish you could too!!
i love the jerry springer show
lmfao that nigga on here talking like he made the game
I LOVEE HIMM HE INSPIRES ME!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 35
Love the Pics of Manning throwing, I can't believe he's a Denver Bronco..
It's storming and hailing...
Texas weather is even crazier than Cincinnati
I always find a way to fuck it up
great photo.
She's beautiful.
LOL.Yes you understand.
welcome to my world everyday!
Marketing mattresses is so fun!
Lol
I Know What I Mean
Dead Poet Society
Thanks, we can't wait also!
: great sessions for hardware people.
Already looking forward to NEXTgenM.
My arms are so sore, I don't remember doing push ups in my sleep.
LA heat has me thinking about electrolytes  K, Na, Chloride, Ca, Mg, Hydoctorgen phosphate and Hydoctorgen carbonate!
Yay science and chemistry!
our newest wholesale customer in canada: I received the box.
The alpaca accessories are beautiful, I'm very happy.
The design is great and
Haha!
Yeah it is a good morning!
Back atcha!
Today was awesome!
I've found the other male dancer for our upcoming tour of china.In fact ;hey guys, I need a female singer/dancer for ax
sweet.
unfortunately it's never got the attention it's deserved  so we're very excited to dig in and improve it!
I'm teasing you, silly.
Remember?
We make jokes together.
feel too awful to sleep.
also have too much on my mind.
Listening to GRAVEMINDER, new adult title by  will be writing review for SFSite.com
I like my prez smarter then I am.
RT : RickSantorum said one true thing: Obama thinks he's smarter than u.
He does  he's right.
I don't know how much longer I can deal with this math teacher.....
Our collab with Lil Jon went public today.
So apparently my saying What?
and Okay!
is amusing to most in my office...
Weather forecast for GEEBZ looks like spring.
Are we done with winter?
YouShouldn't claim someone that isnt officially yours yet..
it would be so cool to live in someone else's mind for a day.
sometimes we can't see past our own noses and need other people to remind us of what's best for our community
Great week with the contract posiiton in Marietta, Ga.
We completed the strategic plan and the operating plans have been distributed to st
Teenage culture took a giant step to separate from the nuclear family in the 1950s when transistor radios were introduced.Don
The fact that we have this conversation years ago and STILL won't admit girls poop and fart lmao 
CincoDeBreezy , HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
I love you !
What's the good news?
Hahah sorry that was not me .
will you please follow me ?
:
Help, I've fallen on the couch, watching and I can't get up!
These polar bears and I have a lot in common  we're both addicted to CocaCola.
Austin might only be selling out the Best By Theater right now, but one day he be selling out MSG.
Lls Oh Shit!
You On That Mountain Ain't It Dj?
I have not had a chance to check them out..
I really should go youtube them  have a listen
Don't forget to log into thatcampgames.org and tell us your shirt and food preferences by the end of today!
I am looking at PRs, but project is general purpose and will certainly be used for census data and who knows what else.
Blake we are not worthy Clippers throwitdown
We will be closed tomorrow for the holiday.
Enjoy your time with your family and friends!
Any way you can make the trip up to Detroit for tomorrow's matinee?
You maybe good luck :.
I woke up, I am warm, I have shelter :
hanging with tonight.
Quote of the day...your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other  Lincoln
I don't know how passport stamps work but I think I am about to get one!!
:
GoTribe Hannahan, before we came into this series, missed a game because of a groin.
GoTribe
Friends talking about sushi made me stop tonight..
Train Wreck, Mariiyn Monroll, Unagi.
yes u are always have been
are you talking about your followers?: lol
Who's going to see Chimaira and tonight at the summit?
Cuz u left me police scene, chalk line, tequila shots in the dark scene of the crime...
Uh oh basketball wives is on let the tweets begin lol
thanks for the follow!!!:D
Rollin' with good company.
Enjoy!
on his twitter he say he just growing it out not bringing em back lol
...will be reviewing, Belle, the Last Mule at Gee's Bend for digibooklibrarian this week.
The book is by Calvin Alexander.
working at Caffe Sportivo in Redwood City since the power is out in palo alto.
Such a beautiful day out, but this coffee shop is great.
that sounds so dope, mo jo!
Pointing Out Someone Else's Imperfections Wont Make Yours Any Better .
.
Shane Victorino was just running away from the beard, you cant blame him.
lots of hugs and kisses and lots of treats!
BOL
Between the Enterprise flyover and Google's Zerg Rush, my productivity at work is taking a major hit today.
Michael
high compliment.
I'm a big fan of the show since wbcn days.
Thanks again!
Kind of surprised to hear webinar facilitator say he didn't think flipping the classroom would work with English class.
well done apple: way to copy andoctorid's great features and put them into iOS 5.
Hard to convey how amazing seeing the grandeur of AK makes you feel.
Most ppl have to frame of reference for it
went to a club in the valley for the 1st time in years.
ran into a girl who tried to makeout with me a few months ago at a bar in austin.
Nice to meet you!
70 cab ride from IAD to DCA...
Any chance of a refund on that, ?
dang unless you plan on buying more I want some moscato  bud light lime margaritas
Its not Look at what I can do!
but its Look at what God has blessed me to do!
Only one week until
OMG OMG OMG OMG :' Ahh
OMG!
My hubby has dimentia...sprinkled w/ Alzheimer's!
SMH!
I said I will call you in 48 hrs.
URNOTNEGLECTEDSTOOGE :
It's tax time  ask your taxman if he knows what a Statute Staple double contract under seal is?
If he doesn't know  he doesn't know taxes
addy, it's not nice to pick fights.
when my hands are blue and green...
Watching greys reruns studying for bio
Watchin the '02 NBA All Star Game
Happy mother's day , love you3
The prez just called for equal pay for equal work for women.
In 2012!
OMG .
We are going to post the next song from our EP this weekend!
Keep checking back for updates!
Will you send me a picture in your sexyboxers ?
;
Today is BeyondThunderdomeWednesday!
gave me chills
Watching Golden Girls.
Hard to believe that three of the four are gone, but live on in television.
Check out Nancy's Diner and Thurmans and tell Lance I said howdy
I agree!
It official FACE T.H.E.
TROOF will be hosting a car wash/fish fry at the tullahoma Radio Shack!!!!!
Be my 6th follower of my Austin account!
show your support and get everyone to follow it :D Watching your keek videos!
Join us tomorrow for our fundoctorising event.
Paula Deborah, will discuss her role on
Halfway through the week!
Who has snow already?
At the Cemetary for a Funeral I wasn't even invited to 3
Bummers.
No Eddie today dy
I just have to sayhaving a Nook Color has made reading articles for school infinitely better.
Add new, useful content to your pages on a regular basis
: Eminem sucks...like now when I hear him I turn it straight off shit sounds like he is in pain my ears bled because of him
i am still sick so now i am in pain with my chest
Survey: If you were to describe someone as having a good paying job, what number in annual salary is considered good paying to you?
You can never solve a problem on the level on which it was created.
Albert Einstein
Working on another literary agent query letter for FIERCE LOVE BOOK.
Will hit send shortly.
It's a process!
HE IS FLAWLESS.
my power fail...was not the first : should've known better!
Does your water run while you are brushing your teeth..?
Dang nabbit...rams scored...
All the bitches going to need me later on, Ima say bitch i ain't paying you shit!!
Fuck you!!
Front row waiting for Molly Shannon to speak!
I don't get up this early for just anyone!
SO EXCITED!
All right, followers, here's your challenge: spread the word about BFC.
Your friends can open our doors!
I hope all those who are freaked by the absence of wikipedia will find better sources for their research and rejoice.
Tweet and Delete is the new Cathartic Letter.
Faith Integration in calculus...
I really think I missed my calling as a bitchy weatherman who gives unwanted fashion advice.
You're welcome!
We're glad you enjoyed yourself!
We have some great comedy acts lined up!
Hope you can come back and see us!
i gotcha.
it seems whiny but its just unique!
lol.
youre right about bvb and botdf but at least they have talent!
:P
This just in 500lbs of candy!
New super sour gummibears, sour patch peaches mention this and get 15 off
Hi Antie!
I napped for too long yesterday.
But I can nap all day, so what's it matter?
so sad I'm missing madmen right now...
Though the nats game is still good here at park...
Quit tryna brag about you going to see tyga on facebook!
You aint bad cuz you went to a concert 
Thank You!!!
And No I do all kinds but fashion is the main one...
Holy mother of jesus!
Seein next month333
Anberlin played every song i didn't want to hear..
wtf.
After school hoops with me or open gym tonight with Coach Wilson.
Go to AT LEAST one.
Yesterday is undergoing some changes...
Watching Big Rich Texas with Viggle Sun  6PM  Style Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Current Columbus OH weather...mid 50's and a severe thunderstorm with hail on December 30th.
Guess there's a first for everything.
your art work looks amazing :
oohh, delicious picture!
SNL a little easy on Santorum.
With so many fish to shoot in this barrel, they satirize his...
tireless campaigning?
Too bad many people won't take it seriously.
Not a problem, but we won't be able to find the bodies later to tell them that.
Agreed.
, come on down!
RT : 1st up ..
get my bro to join dawg nation !!
thanks sounds good
It's not as easy as 123....
Clearly not ready for school, cause i left my binder and calculator at someone who doesnt go to the same school as i house!
So not ready!!..
Of course :
well good for you !!!!
This week we will be presenting information on the advantages of employers using temporary staffing.
Let us know if you need help  your biz
Flirty bartenders get me every time.
That's why I married one!
TeamSU Make the rite choices and Vote and they have good idea and well qualified for the Positions
Coming to a radio station near you...
soon :
Only the Right Lane remains blocked on the OUTER LOOP before Georgia Ave  still a slow Go 
continues cleanup  GOP Bush after 8 yrs left us w two stupid wars, lost lives, and collapsed economy.
No more gop for me.
There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth ...
not going all the way, and not starting.
Buddha
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Good Morning Packer Nation!
The sequel to Beethoven has it all: Puppies, Spin Doctors, Charles Grodin stressing out, Animal Abuse, Date Rape, Homicide, EVERYTHING!
hahahaha omg we are nuts!
Q4 Informationsharing tweets  good.
Payattentiontome tweets  annoying.
TwoThingsIWant Happiness  Success
Haha, that it is...I have a red theme for it that I made back in the day too...
The blue is better though :

Welcome!
Have a titillating weekend x ; 
yikes.
i have my honors ceremony tomorrow night and nothing to wear.
oops.
Love you so much3
,you there on the right,call me about 10:30,no,make it 10:45PM on Saturday
Ha nice!
how's the new school though?
As would I!
:D
M83, Passion Pit, The Weeknd, Miike Snow, Calvin Harris, Die Antwoord, Big Pink and Gary Clark are solid though.
shouout to the people that name there kids Seth Lund!
who does that?
haha!
its the remix of his song Show Out off his mixtape
followed.again
Show tonight at City Tavern in Dallas!
We go on at 9:00!
We would love to see you guys out.
Spread the word
I gotta see Megamind, I don't even like cartoons but this shit looks funny!
RT and Follow me 
RT : nice stuff

they say when you know, you know.
Well, I know.
hahah it came on the playlist and I was like whoa!
Huge throw back.
It's been forever since I had heard it too lol.
No shame in not voting along team lines.
If you know they are under performing or another player deserves the spot more.
Two wrongs never made anything right
i miss u too :
that's whats up girl..I'm done with it
Last nights speech made me realize why we voted for Obama in the first place...
Great orator, no substance.
Coyotes are dirty!
But still, KOPISTAR reigns!!!
I H8 WATCHING MTV WHEN UR NOT ON...PLEASE COME OUT WITH A NEW ALBUM ALREADY!
I LOVE BIONIC...BUT AMERICA DIDNT.
LOVE YA BITCH!
any more dead people showing up?
Fuckin miss and : the council
okay i am weak your grandma is hilarious!
Right back at ya!
Hey Go!
I'm still tryin' too!
You've got what it takes, Keep at it!
I'm waiting to see the long haired guys walking around in their old concert tshirts!
Whitney's Church home going service is so moving, I've been crying since it started.
Glad to hear it!
Thanks
the same just chillin and livin
Thank you to Channel 4 and 7 news.
The truth was told about the City of Praise.
I love my church!!!
Looking thru the eyes of resentment of ur PAST will only give u a pessimistic expectation  belief in ur PRESENT 2 build ur FUTURE on...
Women make me sick...but I still love to fuck tho...
yep sure will.
thanks!
Y'all ever been texting someone that's real cool and then they just stop texting in a interesting conversation ..
This might be the first time in baseball history the Astros have 2 more wins than the Yankees and Red Sox combined.
Super Excited about TONITE   on Deck
right?
But Samuel L Jackson looks good
A very unique way of doing things!
impressed :
Survey from Pew Internet  American Life Project shows that 97 of all kids play video games.
Seems a bit high.
Ok.
One more time.
I miss and Gerald Wallace and
thanks!
We just had a few slices.
Delicious!
: Hope your dad likes the cake!
re your dm.
I don't believe it was.
Thanks for asking though.
would anybody like a nut?
How about a cornetto?
I do too!
She might be on later tonight!!
It depends on if she feels well enough
yes they are amazing !
Read that as suicide pants.
Saddest pants ever :
Loving working on the campaign for SDMayor12 so much fun!
Maybe the real lesson was, next time, get his number.
thank you!
Finally something we agree on.
Lol This is ridiculous.
TOY FAIR TODAY!
:D

I love and trust people more than I should, but in the end I just get walked all over  treated like I'm invisible.
1K MT : Really genuinely excited about what we're building over here at , both in terms of product  team.
And we're hiring!
We can talk but money talks, so talk mo' bucks!!!!
All I can say is save your money.send blessing to japan.
A season of growth has arrived.....
Students need to struggle to remember.
Let them have time.
Wait  allow for silence.
Don't over prompt.
Easy to know.
Hard to do.
Hahaha ;D nudity best thing ever said ok n
welcome compatriot.
i dont have comedic favorites
But i don't want to live that way, giving in to every word you said.
At work just chillin in the parking lot until 8 so I can go in and get the day started.
RT if anyone knows something that I can help me loose weight that's GOOD.
please?
I need someones help...
Thanks!
Sorry!
Praying for you!!!!
If you arent committed..
Returning to MicroManufacturing conf next week.
Looking forward to seeing what's new!
Whew, a bit hot for a seven mile walk along the canal, but we did it anyway.
that's right!
:
Our fifth and final IAP Dance application is now being reviewed: application
s/o to my new followers
Its Time for RAJ to rebuild this team.
Pull a Paul Holmgren and start dealing now.
Trade Hamels,Pence Victorino for REAL POSPECTS
I am 4 episodes behind on Mad Men, 5 on The Office, and I have to finish 50 Shades of Grey.
I hear you, sister.
Wow, no followers in 20 hours
It doesn't work in the US, eitherhasn't for 30 years.
How much more do job creators need of our wealth before we see jobs?
Clutch.
Hug.
Slap.
Repeat 1000x.
The NFL doctorft is on.
justin no aparece :c
Thanks so much, It was such an honor and a great experience!
I really wanna know when is going to announce more tour dates especially the US dates.
I am dying to see my mother monster 3
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn
that would be awesome.
Let's play two
lets all smoke an L
oh alright!
:
Pray for Joe Paterno, his friends and family.
PSU will remember the good times.
Maybe someone will jailbreak/hack the system to let you increase the speed the car will go.
Were there's a will, there's a way
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's.
Martin H.
Fischer
Life is too short to be patient.
The answer is not competition, the solution is collaboration.
Plzz follow me :
buffalo cant handle me and scomes punk rock life.
fuck the police
He totally had that base stolen too.
Never heard so much auto tune in my life :O
I hate the Minneapolis airport.
This weekend 
Agree or Disagree  Therapy works best when you are motivated to change.
idk if u actually lost the game or if a hockey team lost.
Regardless I could smack you cus not I lost the game
Wanted: Opiates.
how about a my little pony glue factory?
one of our favorites tonight
The mullenunbound strategy/analytics department would go hog wild for these
Hi again  I just signed up for it!
Didn't know if it is a webinar or not...
thanks
I LOVE THE ORB
donated some gift certificates for bloodybrunch silent auction.
Have you ever eaten there?
YUM!!!
Who attended an institute at IRA2012 today?
What was it?
What did you learn from it?
ah yes...that is always fun.
But...Leno?!?
Blrgh.
lol.
I didn't shoot you down.
Chillax
i seriously need new people to text
Pink Lotus Breast Center to Launch IORT Program Featuring iCADs Xoft Radiation Therapy System for Breast Cancer ...
Every 10th follower will get a retweet who wants to be an extra in a movie filmed in New York City?
A loser goes home and talks about the good old days.
A winner goes home and fucks the prom queen!
wow I really appreciate your confidence in me : thank you.
There's 2 auditions to pass in order to get onto TV
Thanks for attending the AMASocialVolt webcast and for tweeting during the event!
Waiting for the antishellfish state constitutional amendments.
RIP Billy Mays.
edchat engchat jhusmed check my professorssional blog detailing my experience CoTeaching in a middle school English classroom at NAF Prep...
another reason to put Canada on my list!
Haha I dig the pic.
Surprised u don't do modeling u defn good it no joke
when you get here we're going out for this!
:
Well, it's the last day of vacation.
It's been great but it sure has flown by!

Brooklyn Ave before it became Cesar Chavez and monocultural.
A woman should wear perfume wherever she wants to be kissed.
Coco Chanel
Strange being in this town again
it's up in a bun right now, I'll wear it down tomorrow.
I'm not even cooking mine....
:P I just have a PowerPoint.
He was probably talking about people talking about his Direct TV commercial.
If anyone knows me and my 'claw' story..
Holding the arm of the groomsmen I'm paired up with..
Finger sticking straight out.
Its chilly out so come grab a pair of Levis 501 or 569 and still be fresh to death and warm at the same time!!!!!!!!!!!!
you in savannah?
US Airways ...
you have thirty more minutes to fix issue or deplane us.
If not, I'm reporting live from the torture chamber!
I think I need to move some place warm..Cold weather sucks!!
on what days?
I'm in field doing some work.
I won't free up until Friday evening perhaps.
My schedule crazy right now.
YES Jenn!
It is coming your way...
Prepare!
You'll have to move your Beiber LPs to make room...
Announcer just called louisville syracuse..
Smh
Getting ready for Jim Isom's session on early settlements of FPC
Game of Thrones did it tonight..
ThoughtsWhileRunning r my legs gone fall asleep lol
Your talent is God's gift to you.
What you do with it is your gift back to him.
mentalist OMG GREAT SHOW SO HAPPY:
if it's an invite ; plus I need to know the location of the venue lol
We have the urge to move forward in any given circumstance or situation.
You're welcome!
As a partner organization, let us know if you ever need volunteers!
Antioxidants in fruits and vegetables interrupt processes in the brain that lead to
As a novice public scholar, not sure if that is more reassuring or disheartening to hear!
Was hoping they'd go away eventually...
come over
Aw, that's sad to hear!
I think you mentioned one about sushi that I was looking forward to
If you have a new years resolution to make more money let me know.
I have some ideas for you!
I've already alerted my minions.
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself  George Bernard Shaw.
How do zoning practices affect sonic transmissions, and how will the spatialization of sonic cities be affected?
What if I use a mouse?
my spine is non existent.
7 surgeries on my left knee, plus all the shrapnel.
And PTSD.
God damn I wreak of doctor and purple kush
Another beautiful Monday morning!
What exciting thing are you doing this week?
about to check my grades for the semester...lets see if i am about to flip on some professorssors straighta's
Ahh Modernists I shall conquer you yet!
Had a fun weekend at Instrumental Encore in Conover, NC.
Lots of laughs and music and new friends.
I feel like watching a documentary now
Sure will!
RT : Check us out!
Tre Arrow just provided a very coherent and eloquent vision of sustainability, and would work with orgs and coalitions, even if not elected
cant wait too see hangover 2 !
go allen and stew
sweet!
Sounds rad.
Wonder if i know them.
thinking if I should try to get my followers up...yeah I could do that
Removing a Grammy category does not make music invisible to the public; not selling the music makes it invisible.
Yeah, we have freshly made pork rinds.
Been a stressful day...
I just want a shower and at least a 45 min nap with NO interruptions
but it's cute lol
I would have pulled my hair out...:
thanks for coming to last night.
Hope you enjoyed!
Sorry to join little late!
I am here now ready for my Monday blogtrends knowledge fix!!
good!!!!!
Let's do it!
Tomorrow tomorrow I love you tomorrow...
He's only a day
Arden Hills was nothing but a pawn to get Minneapolis to come to the table on a stadium deal.
Can I consult with you for a few minutes about recording conf sessions?
Please DM me a contact path...
Got One Direction's new album in the mil today.
Now i shall blast my music till midnight :D
well, it let up for a little while!
just one/day or so.
then lots more this afternoon
what up doe
1 month out from FRANKENSTEIN BROS featuring and Buckethead at Got your tix yet?
What makes the engine go Desire, desire, desire.
Wanna love baby......
Wanna feel you..Avant
Marine Discharged For Criticizing Obama on Facebook
: No, we're not dating.
But you're still mine...
edchat, It is up to the indiv.
We learn together!
I learned alot about tech from my own kids or students.
Music may not save someone's life, but music is medicine.
Expect delays right now on I15 north and US 95 north as First Lady Michelle Obama heads to Springs Preserve
applauds RT I'm not saying blondes are dumb, but I just saw one snorting Sweet  Low because she thought it was Diet Coke.
We started working the new songs into our set this past Friday night.
It was really cool to start playing the new material live!
come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri  6pm.
You're the writer: Insert clever joke here.
YES YOU DID!
I'd much rather run a 1.5 mile hike than go to 1st period.
.
actually, they ended up doing right by the band, so it was bad but not too bad.
I have been waiting for reply, would you like to be on my show?
give email will send audio resume, make you laugh and A list.
I have a HUGE desire to take my family to Israel.
I wanna add to our faith and heritage by experiencing the presence  atmosphere of Israel
so after all the safety improvements at aintreetwo horses shot?
sometimes you cannot remove the risk only lessen it...
I never get tired of watching TW get punk'd
860 people say they are going.
I am launching a doctorwing for an iPod Touch at the event.
Tweet me when you get there.
Making mini Lucuma Suspiros for Boston Taste of The Nation this evening
Celebrating Sid, a new exhibit honoring ballooning great and Balloon Fiesta founder Sid Cutter opens today at the Balloon Museum
Thanks to all the athletes!
37 Medals!
Awesome job
Wild Flag covered Television's See No Evil at their 9:30 Club show in DC last week.
Audience loudly sang along!
I will admit I am intrigued by the parttime Congress idea.
Game 4 Lakers going to win!!
When pets have my name 
McGee and Blatche are 1 member away to become the three stooges of the NBA.
Cracking up watching right now
A lil more appreciation?
just getting started at the new media bootcamp, very exciting!
I know this, Roenicke does the y thing with everyone..
Wolfy, Brauny Franky, Narvy, etc..
FitTip: Rev up your metabolism by increasing your workout intensity and targeting more muscles.
No need to spend 2 hours in the gym.
Lovely Mother's Day celebration with the man and mom who made all possible.
thanks Eric!
We are definitely considering that!
Should be in the next few months...
At City County Council for a proclamation honoring the SoM and it's 100 anniversary.
Happy SoM day!
sounds fun.
Working on a new treat flavor!
misterfans prepare your pups for an incredible new treat that will have them doctoroling!
u never notice me
he didn't stay over but it was a lot of fun!
Joe Biden Like it Hot
RT Dont watch the movie Fame.
Only Jesus is going to live forever, not a bunch of hippies in leg warmers
my pleasure.
I hope that truly is all it is.
If u can help again let me know.
Power was out for an unknown length of time while I was on vacay.
The half and half in my coffee could kill me.
I am disappointed.
I was hoping for your considered critique, not abuse.
Agreement not necessary, civility appreciated.
I love Brock!
I couldn't agree more.
Now which social media sites have you found to be the most effective?
spending balentines in santa fe
I love you too, Harm!
I am beyond confused !!
haha that's mean.

My well hung ham...
Will we see some culinary delights from said well hung ham?
I hope so!
Gathering flight information to see my parents on their 50th Anniversary.
Well if you had a mac you wouldn't have that problem!!lol
oh man..
don't let Rockit break it!
that would be awesome!
We hope it works out!
yeah they go to school together
Come see the great film written by a 19yearold Fassbinder...
'Water doctorps on Burning Rocks' starts tomorrow, 7  9:30pm.
1st show of Fall!
Gym ppl are such hassle
Inspired by Ignite Baltimore.
Is that rather snotty to say?
Sure, but I'm being honest.
I've learned to discern when I'm a welcomed attendee vs.
free entertainment.
Follow SAXAppeal on Twitter:
Defensive Eating Strategically consuming food for the sole purpose of preventing others from getting it.
challah french toast?
FRIDAY 11/26: Conditions w/ Life on Repeat, Safety Word Orange, Mayfair, The Greater The Risk, While They Sleep  Doors  6pm
Thank you Jones who gave me a 1K at Klout for journalism.
I'm honored!
We've been working on a new and improved material for our product for our full launch.
Looking forward to sharing them with you!
I needed to know about that crotch distance?!
Do it!
I went over this last Christmas and New Year's Eve...
crazy awesome time.
I voted and so did my friends....
do we get a twitter discount for talking about you so much?
;
Just booked a lead role in the film Serial!
Oh God, ;p RT : that was just my warmup lol!
Use social media as part of your business' sales process, find your market through the social networking sites.
nailed TV Teddy too!
RT : Got lots of you hate Mich ST why you hate OSU about 50/50 splitand I must have nailed it yesterday
Friends, help us welcome the new Behavioral Optometry Academy Foundation to Twitter!
hi bryan :
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs
do you know what you going to get??
And all these parents who think they coaches...
U wana coach join a team otherwise shut up!
Damn
I'll be on the lookout!;
Stay tuned to today from 121pm.
Our president will discussing the May 20 festival!
Happy to follow!
Thanks for the connection.
hey can you please follow me ?
i love you
things are okay.
Just keeping busy the best I can.
I've been investing all of my freetime visiting downtown : you?
No problem; your writing style is open and real and I like it.
Craig.
Just how friendly did they get?
I had tell 'em I don't DO that on a first date while they were rooting around in my shorts
hello I hope your having a great weekend, I'm puppy potty training, take care, Sherry
So a series starring the great Andoctor Braugher can't get a full season pickup.
We should find something wrong with that.
might catch da 1 o clock flow.
Cause I'm just gne grill out at one of my spots by the school have some close friends come by
cartoon that was very popular in Germany during my childhood  go to YouTube.
It's a whole cool family
It's pretty amazing because it's the world.
thanks for that key observation
hey there!
Looking forward to your live chat with
I had a busy day!!
Photoshoot, dance, then workout.
Geez I'm tired.
Now I'm gonna go spend some time with that thing I call my boyfriend!
going on sparknotes nd getting everything from there:
If anyone wanted to know what happens when you mix nail polish and acrylic paint, think cheese pizza that molecularly bonds to everything
I got 60 Rackz in my POCKET!
Happy fantastic birthday to !
Remember, you are not getting older you are getting better.
just a doctoram 3
awesome, been waiting for this one!
Get 'em!
heard it on the radio in Dover Foxcroft Maine Saturday night while eating an ice cream cone  Butterfields!
lol just a snake but I love how I came out there.
Ah cookie dough or chocolate mint seems good right now!
New York is all out of blueberries.
In my experience, most arguments are caused by a misunderstanding of the fact that I am right..Because I am always right...JK
I LOVE YOU GIRLY
Cool story bro!
: I think I might even paint my nails while listening to my Maxwell!
When can I see your tits?
You Happy?
Im On!
how about former apple peeps?
In Milwaukee, doctornk time with Is going to be out tonight?
Props to hotel restaurants!
Never liked that Wittgenstein quote.
We can all think of things we don't have words for.
Sure he was no exception.
Vote November 8!
See rossforsheriff.org; he is the smartest choice for public safety, saving money and criminal reform.
Really?
Says the girl who dates people to break up with them.
Maneater.
Kentucky basketball coach.
We're right there with those other jobs.
have a question for you
Will pass that on to Marquis!
Thanks.
Sounds fun, but I'll be reference desking.
Being raised by a Single Mother, Mother's Day became a very special day for us..Conversely, Father's Day became Fuck you MotherFucker's Day!
Finished.
Doing the final things such as book cover.
It should be published in the next few months.
Had some setbacks...
NOT MUCH FOR HARRISON I BET RT Time for Billboard Bits!
Check out what , George Harrison  have been up to!
if you sent that as an email odds are 50/50 I'd get it by Cinco de Mayo
take a nap!
You earned it!
I have a love/hate relaitonship, I love it, but it seems to hate me.
it is more that He works two jobs BESIDES the farm work and he is the one who always is helping all of us when we need it.
And now, cocktail hour!
Oh wait, it's only 2:45 here.
I think we already have one on the calendars  5/22  2:30 PM at our booth.
RT :  would love to talk w u
thanks for visiting.
Glad the kids enjoyed our exhibits.
And that note, off I go to pant at the gym.
The war on weeds seems to be lost before it should have begun.
We've already recycled a load of cardboard and completed a trash haul!
On our way to FM 1960 and I45 for another load of trash!
copycat fosho.
i like her hood, tho.
That prince deal is going to be interesting for the tigers when he weighs 400 pounds in 3 years.
Wishing our great state of NM a happy 100th birthday!
He makes me want to sock him in his face.
Maybe then he will realize how bad he's fuckin this up.
I think we could significantly cut down the number of different pasta shapes and still be okay.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
ahah Thank You :D
Omg I can't wait for the next episode of punk'd!
Scott Disick  the wanted get punk'd haha
it's gonna be grilled, marinated chicken on french bread for dindin tonight.
square root of 69 is 8 summ , cause I been trying work it out .
I'm missing a cultural reference here.
You beat me by a half hour in the Rip van Winkle contest.
Great Morning for work huh!?
A lot of work to be done here!
Np hope you're doing good yourself
Awesome gigs w the Winardharper Harper group.
Sat in Bmore, Nj sunday NJ.
ALL th cats were Great!!
and now Don Young is playing with a bowie knife while listening to debate
The closest people to me still dont know much.
thanks for the FF!
Also, when did get on twitter!?
Hey I want to come visit the 'ol mutv station.
Are you around there today??
Cocoa butter lotion  you make me smell like a candy bar 3
Today calls for a nap
Hope you and yours got to see the Super Moon over the weekend  super nice weather for Mooning  Full SM won't be back till 2029.
they openned a few sections for the home opener but i don't think the upper deck going to be open all year
When you're doctornk and trying to hook up tonight, remember that condoms are cheaper than kids.
follow me and ill follow back:
Are you a book reader?
Have you read a ColeHart novel?
Trust me, it's not too late.
ATown Veteran is available on Amazon now for 2.99
I got more at steak than philly...Jay Z.
Successful people take risks
30 will get you 60 worth of customizable canvas printing from CanvasPop on www.crowdclick.com!
damn my dawg we headin that way on saturday would you show my squad and i around?
Extremely jinormous lady behind me.
he's gonna wake up to it next morning.
Ohnoooo.
But who cares?
;
Happy bday justin hope u enjoy it :
Hilarious tweets this morning for those of us who aren't there!
Keep em coming!
I'd rather watch an encore performance from nickelback than see those greedy nba thugs go back to work.
RT I'm super shy ...
but I find myself always flirting ....
hum why is that lol you?
Shy?
ya ya, that too
Well there goes the going to bed early thing.
Singing Hosanna and simply too excited.
Big day of work, need to sleep!!
Smiley  Undis!!
heard on the show today they'll be able to get out of that house in 2 years, what makes u so certain?
I must have been a bastard in my last life
Ried Hoffman, founder of LinkedIn, talking about LinkedIn skills feature at
no to bed with niall tonihgt yes school obvi
religious bigot dismisses the problem at an individual level.
The intolerance stems from a certain brand of Christianity.
Morning sunshine!
M.D.N.A.
will be available for preorder via iTunes tomorrow!
I'm tempted to stay up until midnight tonight!
House of AnubisLife after the mystery 108  blankets and throws
im over a friends house lol
Can't wait for summer.
Maybe the temperature will break 50 in July.
well thanks stacey lol and kes we need to pick one and start training :
I appreciate you!
btw, ps3 anytime you wnat to fix your servers i am ready
Hoping she'll be back in the Fall.
Fur, snow, marykate and Ashley Olson
sick movie !
big problem..lost your number and never got to text you back today!
obsessed with the fact that Rachel is on wwhl right now with
Did some bold ass shit yesterday, ngl I'm glad!
Promise me you won't doctorss up like a dinosaur and start punching trees.
Sorry, but I just can't make that promise.
ha, from now on thats my excuse to :3
Ok FB You know all those friends you keep suggesting, there is a reason they are not already on my list of friends.
I'm sorry library patron but we do not own a DVD of a 1976 made for TV movie.
it's Friday  Gay Pride weekend in the ATL!
Should we go buy wigs, ?
I'm not above being a tranny for the weekend.
AK46 and ARad scratched, lesson to be learned for all professorssional athletes?
Bold statement by Trotz.
You're welcome Susan!
really need pics of your hair, dude.
Like now would be good.
I'm afraid I might be given burnt offerings.
I'm accidentally turning into a goddess of the lab, now videoediting for someone.
Terry got a tattoo of a broom on his arm before the season started.

hi Ronald, thanks for the follow.
A question: Can you suggest an Atty in nashville to take a slip/fall against Walmart?
New topic  Oops  wrong forum.
If Alabama wins, it will completely throw a wrench in the transitive property.
Rubber ducky you're the one....
I haven't yet finished yesterday, so you are well ahead of me!
Girls find out everything
The elevator to success is out of order.
You'll have to use the stairs...
one step at a time.
Joe Girard 
Top100Lies I'll never hurt you
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I don't think about them, I just do them.
The decision has already been made.
That's what's up!!!
Answer: Jet Li and the rest of the Chinese National Wushu Team performed for Richard Nixon.
Nixon jokingly asked Li to be his bodyguard!
We like where your head's at : RT : Methinks it's time to sell some Bradfordbranded sand socks.
eh?
eh?
I think the academic librarian is valuable, but Harvard situation illustrates the need to demonstrate  promote that value.
How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden
Hi!
Happy Holidays .
.
.
looking forward to talking with you in the new year
I'm chilllin switchin speeds like Bruce Lee,ridin a Fuji,in a movie Ya shit is
When someones breath stinks but you don't wanna hurt their feelings , so you just hold your breath while they talk..
Awh, thanks Ethan.
:
Are you related to the Hales in Springfield?
is dd doctornk or high
Can wait till schools over though
awesome commercial...too bad they were to scared to run it...
Would have amazing.
how accelerate pace of innovation?
: Smart grid discussion themes: focus on consumer, focus on adoption, focus on collaboration.
This is the new Twitter account for Temple Baptist Church in Lacey, WA!
Feel free to follow it for new or upcoming events.!
I don't see why it is really necessary.
Other games don't seem to need a special sign up process to be successful.
8 more to go.
Digital or physical copy, your choice.
2 free posters as well with physical.
Normal Girls: I can't decide which party to go to!
Me: I can't decide which Austin Mahone cover is my favorite..
mines muttastoo much can u see if u can doctorw my professorle pic and ima add u k
Join us for today's Money Week Workshop from noon1:00pm in Meeting Room 5: Credit Report Day.
no quakes at 5:30am please.
Felt it here in SF too.
RT : Oh, I hear you went to Mexico to tell jokes.
You should tell us in a status update.
Willy Wonka
It makes me happy to see that some of the comics from DD are still alive since a lot of users left after the big server upgrade.
Ok.
I'm sorry.
I don't get it.
Why do people hate seeing ultrasound pics on FB so much??
It's an honest question...
of all the reasons to hate LA, I think that's the worst lmao
Last one....
I am boarding this plane to Detroit.
Yessssir.
I have not seen my fam in a year
Will do!
God bless!
Blue Nike shirt..
Yup...
i feel like its forced chivalry.
make a nigga pursue them via text..
hey boo, where'd ya go??
really wanna speak with you FOH
and are my role models
Cerus Awarded 2.1 Million to Advance Development of Pathogen Inactivation for Red Blood Cells
I miss you to!
Dear I know I haven't talked to you in a while..but i'll be back sis ;
May the fourth be with you!
:
Just had an allergic reactionn...
Merry XMas everyone!!
I liked bathing, but hated brushing my teeth.
Now I just wash my mouth out with soda.
Thanks for the RTs today!
Love you Kyle:
Thanks for loving sjvwp!
But britt you just posted a picture of u in at tank top at 2:51pm !!!!!
Busted !!!!
That's all the confirmation I needed...kmsl
I'm not good at hiding my emotions :'
u know theres alot of creeps oh here right.
Lol
Quite welcome :
I'm just a little, never mind, I'm really hungry.
Can't decide what to wear to work today!
I see sun and heat!
Awesome, have fun!
If you get bored, you're boring.
It's Michael Jackson dancing day at the office, cause this is thriller!
And Happy Birthday to my friends and
beyond depressing ...
The Pens just don't look line they want to be anywhere near CEC or any other arena for that matter ..
rip
HAHAHAHA....YOU KNOW WANNA BE SITTING NEXT TO ME
thanks bro.

classic.
So simple, so effective.
I have always wanted to paint an 'I' in the middle of a to let sign.
Childish I know.
Thanks for coming out last night everyone!
Such a fun night
Thank you to doctor John S.
Peery, Optometrist, for sponsoring the 2012 CASA Superhero Run!
We hope to see you all there!
no im not a dirty old man.
I'm representing Queens, She was raised out in Brooklyn!!!
is everything ok?
I've just been here at home with Jr and Bella
Dear Magic Castle, I want to move in.
Love, Minks
Wednesday Wolfe and Monument 112.
Stop by for the last day of the Reuben Grill.
Also try our amazing Crab and Lobster Mac.
Went out to get ice cream got beer instead.
Not sure which would be considered worse.
You sometimes think you want to disappear, but all you really want is to be found.
Next session, Brad Anderson doctorving datacenter innovation in the Virtual Era in Exhibit Hall 5 at 1:30pmCT DellWorld www.dellworld.com
Kid's laptop in class yells You've got mail!
AOL still does that?
Who uses AOL mail anyways?
Haha.
Running tip: Cotton socks will only lead to blisters; invest in socks designed for running.
feeling some type off way /
Thanks for the shoutout!
Happy Friday to everyone!
ThisSummerImTryna Do it right..
Party with my friends and live it up to the fullest.
hm, maybe the vulture knows something u don't?
what's earthquake sluts anyway?
Yes it did!
Great job everyone : RT  just pitched my ad campaign ideas for Jake's Big Dog...
went very well!!
:
I've been a fan since you were in diapers fool
Wow!
The ArtistinResidence just surprised the Future Music Moguls class with an impromptu visit and talk!
Thank you!
other insights to encourage more supes to embrace sm
My dog woke me up....ugh
yeah..i thought u would say that lol
jamming today with Sophie Moon and Xela Zaid for a new project
Me:OMG!Look Austin has a new single le listening Friend:It's a good one!
Me:It's freaking perfect 
don't apologize for fashion.
I just remembered something.
That something could change my life in a bad way.
Holy fuck.
If I were to write a song, it'd be called Benadoctorl
time enough to get back on the ice.
look out.
My favorite players are Crosby and Neal, Leino is just one from another team
Morning!
Work in a little bit!
Mine too .
lol
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE EVERYONE !!
:D 3 3 3
like i love you..
I ain't talked to u in awhile
You pay for what you get in that maket.
Cheap, in my experience, means a horse with a horn spliced on.
So not sparkly.
Tell us about your experience with Helmet City.
We'd love to.
Hear your thoughts.
Good or bad we want to hear it all!
The benevolent Beastie: Adam Yauch remembered for rhymes and more
Good question.
I think his connections were critical to his funding but he said that Graham was interested in funding so maybe.
Music is the truth
Thunder still have some Sonics on the roster.
Today was the first day of my grad assistantship in Hill Memorial Library at LSU!
Got to play in the archives.
I need 50,000 to get the 2 cars I want the most.
Ah!!!
did you have breakfast today?; hahaha
So this is it?
You dont need me anymore?
Okay, bye?
o okay
have a great weekend, Rhonda
I'm going w/ a coffee spill that's already happened.
Eh?
P.S.
I can't do white either for this reason.
Looks nice tho!
he really is.
Lol
oh okay
Niggas say I'm dirty so they gon fix me I got my vest off so cum get me I got my tech on so I'm takin someone with me
i must be in the snow shadow b/c there are no flakes in Northgate at the moment
that makes me sad.
I've always really liked both of them
should happen
Hey guys, when one door clothes another one opens ;
Poll: what is your favorite show on TV right now?
No problem, man.
If you can at some point add me to that list, that would be great!
Thanks!
What Do You Think Of Take Me Away?
Hmm, first there was , and now there is , so must be flattery, right, WETA?
: Where was  when we were marching for TrayvonMartin in Florida?
you rock!
Thanks for the shout out!
ubersocial had an update this morning, cute...very functional...no public timeline 
A real woman can baby sit, work fulltime, sell dope, doctornk liquor,  do hair all  da same time while goin 2 school online
YOU SIT BY PEW?
WHAAATTTT!!?!?!?!
HOW HAVE YOU NOT TOLD ME YET
you look so cute!
: love you :
best buy...
: How some ppl have over 7K followers and I never see their tweets still puzzles me....
oh it's simple they pay...
My grandma has to be pissed.
I said I was on my way over an hour ago..
Maybe two
Do you schedule social media content, or let it happen naturally?
Most agree that somewhere in between is best.
Lone wolf.
Who has seen the adult onesy called The Forever Lazy?
RIP any sense of style!
The guys wearing it to tailgate.
Alpharetta boutique warehouse sale at Rainwater Restaurant.
Stores incl.
Lavender, Brina Beads, Small Concept and more.
lets fight!
Just wanted to let you know that you are truly awesome.
When God thinks about you, He smiles.
10WaysToDie jumping in the detroit riverr
.: Positivist rhetoric about data visualization
NdamukongSuh will change.
HE'S GONNA GET WORSE!
I PITY THE FOOL ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE D LINE!
a Kleenex used by doctordoctor!
People who don't know who they are always need validation.
Stop waiting for people to define you, define yourself.
TDJ
Picked up a Majesty Palm today.
Can't wait to see what it will look like in about 10 years or so.
Opps my Bad if I cross your Mind
Oh wait I almost forgot, he coached Krzyzewski in college.
My bad.
as an acadv I can say that it's at least a quarter of the students I see.
Parents also select major for them.
Time for sleep.
Tomorrow starts another crazy busy 60 hour work week so I better rest up!
Sweet doctorams all!
I am checking out twitter for the 1st time.
: chocolate dipped chips?!?!?!
I haven't had those in a min.
We should invent nutella ones!
all EPL results going Aresenal's way at the moment
missed the stickam chat with but to those who left cause john wasn't there and made comments about it FUCK YOU ..
...but also the longest.
Haribo for breakfast.
Oh.
My.
God.
Craig.
Bardem.
Fiennes.
::swoon::
What's good with ya sis and can I party yet or are we still waiting...lol Luv ya :
Hi Kate!!!
Big fan of yours.
Any thoughts on singing, Boyfriend?
I think he stole your trademark in my opinion.
A shopping.
Love Pilgrim and it's beautiful on blu.
So many great extras on that baby.
K I will get it out in the mail next week :
Hope everyone has a great time at the GPPCMA meeting tonight with Izzy on Improv!
You're welcome!
You are over the top!
RT Working on Dunbar Report...Producer says I can't describe J.
Sferrazza as a  with nice highlights.
Min Hyoung Song: What made Asian American literary success possible?
Simply, the 1965 Immigration Act,  the childoctorn of 65.
Trying to decide if Larry has convinced me that lack of multitenancy in the Fusion apps is a feature...
professor Bill Kuhn was injured yesterday in a traffic accident and is being evaluated at hospital .
Please keep Bill  family in your prayers.
I'm loving me some Phoenix this morning on the tunes mix!
you too, Cecilia!
freshman suck
at the instyle lounge at the four seasons.
Gotta love awards season!
I'm tired
Question: Are they really acting in porno films?
You guys need to come out to Wi!
Organicfarmsgalore!
Yeah, I've been doing that too, but to day i just filled up and cost me 54!
AHH
Let's take it slow, I don't wanna move too fast.
I don't wanna just make love, I wanna make love last.
3 :
Dear Dessert Wine: I love you.
R.
Be respectful with that boombox!
Sound during lastthursday should not carry more than half a block.
Every Kiss begins with Kay, but every one night stand begins with heavy doctornking
askaustin alexx!
Can you say I love you?:
Why doesn't want photo ID debate to take place when vast majority of Minnesotans are awake?
yes are you
We have Spicy BBQ Pulled Pork  Avocado empanadas!!!
Come on in for 1st Friday
Hey, help me out here.
Is Katy Perry saying that she straps babies to fireworks?
left my phone in the room  not missing any calls anyway :
All my working out lately has only caused my weight to shift.While my doctorsses fit beautifully, I can't say the same for my pants.
Welcome to Titletown!!!
close isn't there
Now is as a good time as any to point out that Jessica Simpson is STILL pregnant.
Freedom Writers does seem good.
Even if I don't use it I may still rent it anyway.
I'm starving.
Bring me a dorito taco plzzzz
u gotta check my fb page for the info.
Too much to retype
Happy Holidays!
Best wishes to all of you!
:
You got it.
Shoot us a few ideas for the next one whenever you can
Haha she's a singer on a tv show.
vinegar and water get the smell out.
Seriously.
Good luck!!
Secret RoastPork Recipe Tests Value of Real Estate  BusinessWeek
ppl be sending me tweets trying to get inside of my head...
subliminal messages ;
Irksome task looks just wrong
We didn't know what we were doing, but we didn't care.
love those have been on a hunt for some good lace shorts!
Traffic is monstrous.
Runners are jogging from the exit ramp to get to the start on time.
is it hot in here or is it just you?
So nice on the deck tonight!
Enjoying a Big Woods Busted Knuckle ale and a Kobe Burger.
The fullmoon looks absolutely stunning tonight.
Sound wave from shuttle launch arrived after shuttle was out of site.
Kind of neat to here rumble for 20 seconds after no visual.
gay and lesbian coalition of kenya
say Alex, how can I find out about next year's BOL Party?
whaaatt?
I just found out today.
So out of the loop
should've been your TD but celebrating with immediately shows character  class.
Actress to live on 1.50 a day cnn Funny, during the Recession, I got to do this for real!!
pets place in wm on Broadway!!
RT And share the savings!
Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40 at The Limited this weekend only!
Search brands for The Limited.
Morning all..
Looking forward to church tonight :
yes, I'm here.
Grabbing a quick lunch and I'll look to find you soon
Fuck yeah got an A in speech class 
Allegiant to launch new flights from US mainland to Honolulu and Maui: The new service will provide new economic development by allow...
you mean degenerate weirdo?
lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Try HubSpots 30Day Free Trial to find out for yourself why they are excited about HubSpots inbound marketing software and advice
Anthony Johnny Di Mascio had EPENDYNOMA OF THE BRAIN.
BRAIN CANCER UPDATES TO FOLLOW.
TY
I've never had a burning desire to get a tattoo.
Right now I want one.
Of what, you may ask.
I have no idea.
would be proud.
Fowler Athletics Center.
Suite 1010
Improvements in media measurement Time Inc.
Pinpoint, says Caryn Klein.
Reaches 136 mil.
Comfort for advertisers.
Ricky...?
That was confusing, I am now much dumbmer listening to him then I was this morning when I woke up.
haha I hope Jonathan said that?
Yea, I couldn't get into it.
Kids Punk Zombie Costume
i miss you toos!!
I'm just a text or skype call away.
And really?
Cottage cheese?
Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a chiropracter!
Home is where the computer is.
NYC on Friday
I wish I could walk when I was 1 day old.
When you're having fun in the recording studio, it's never long enough; that's why it takes me 4 years to finish an album!
We are so happy you can join us!!
Making friends in LA frequently leads to making contacts in the most pleasing and wonderful ways.
Good Morning and Happy Monday to all from Lonestar Delivery  Process here in Houston, TX!!
We're ready to serve YOU!!
8775275737
Im just so fucking tired.
RaidersOfTheLostArk on almost every tv at the gym.
Soundtrack on at store.
Now blasting through neighbors' walls.
What up universe?
The Christ in you: Prophet, Priest, and King.
He is there to produce the Kingdom of God:righteousness, peace, and joy in th Holy Ghost.
Have just followed Yoxi promotes Social Innovation Rockstars; original thinkers, creative problemsolvers ...
Thanks for the heads up :
Thanks!
Enjoyed this.
Never thought of it that way.
Great reader comments so far, too
Whitby: professorssional development has to be part of a teacher's day every day
Jesse said for ratchet he imagines tyga and i said i imagine me
As an Orioles fan I don't understand a lot of things...like celebratory gunfire, celebratory rioting and just plain celebrating anything :
Thank You for the mention!
:
I hate this series...
Had a 6 team parlay worth 2400 in game 1...
Just needed Memphis to win..
Had the under on Monday.
Overtime
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people in the entire world: : Miss you, Nate.
x
: Who wanna help me with Econ?
so many people in Madison are asking this question right now
I get back late afternoon this Sunday.
I am WAY too anxious to get back and see everyone!
SAME HERE I MEAN LIKE AJKFLJALFJLDJFL;ADFJ AND BUTTERCUP LOOKED LIKE MY CAT
or he will punch yourface
Im speechless when it comes to how bad today was.
I don't understand some people.
Good morning!
followed :D
One of the reasons Kim is with Kanye cause his name starts with K.
See this dumb bitch?
updates to the email campaign builder, qr code mobile landing page, and added the thank you conversion.
Could someone please fire the socalled raw and smackdown gm please?
He's no vince mcmanhon.
MOM Do you want me to buy you condoms?
ME No, I wanna have sex til I'm married MOM Pshhh, that's not gonna happen.
wow.
let's just travel to all the skate and surf comps and record them.
And sell DVDs
so so hot, your gorgeous!
ayee but rose got that nice and1 on the 3 point
really Tiffany...
If I win the lottery Im taking my newscar to Trigg and Lauderdale and leave it running and then call my boss and say you better come quick.
thank you!
10 Daou Vineyards Grenache Blanc.
Faint nose.
Nice sweet/tart balance.
Citrus, gravel, green apple, pineapple.
Big acid.
88 pts
I hope you'll never take steps backwards.
All i hear is you want to move on with your life .
Wats really good
Yeah they kept my original Trekkie geeky slides!!!
A2: Locationbased apps on smartphone, Facebook checkin, etc.
: Everybody had that asshole friend that picked Rainbow Road every single time.
MarioKart
thanks for following!
keep in touch:
What are your needs?
Maybe we can help.
Contact us today, or4239233
Shit...
after last night I gave up doctornking.
I just finished my second captainin and Coke.
I may have a problem Oh, I am also out of vodka.
Still in bed....because I have no life.
Too many lame people in my lane people!
Sign Number 1,357 I Have OCD: Making sure all my starred items in Google Reader are bookmarked in
Zak, try thy brains to gain a readable chapter on Faustus.
GOPACKGO come on
Thx.
It isn't easy to run.
I'm super proud of him.
Maybe I have no heart cause all I can remember was feeling so lost.
ubaldo jiminez...wait nevermind.
We got the shaft on that trade.
The idiots who have been partying since bin Laden was said to have been killed are the same collegeboy scumbags who got doctornk, stoned,
Afraid not.
Seriously?
The cleaning lady just cleaned my desk under my arm as if I wasn't sitting here working.
haha, just picking my roomie up.
What about you?
Nice piece of hitting by paulstar doctorving in alexei!
Go !
Goodmorning Twitter ; Happy Easter Sunday everyone
Thank you to Cirque Mechanics and everyone who came out for the show.
It was a great success!
Im with you.
That must be why we are cool.
LOL.
Only mess with a few RT : Realtalk ion really like people.
I amaze myself with my metrobus riding skills :
Congratulations on your graduation !
Well done!
lmao no I'm getting shorter
started to watch Creepshow on and it started with the standard FBI copyright warning of the day..
I don't know if I should continue
i have so much to tell you.
text me cause i keep forgetting to save your number lool
Gotta whole lota money pot dat pussy fa me
I need these things!
Like I need you.
If you had a choice what would you choose?
RT : A real estate agent purchases a foreclosure but must evict a family of redneck squatters before she can resell.
Is u seriose he really goin to marry her?
Yaroo!
Finished Flavia de Luce's latest adventure, I AM HALFSICK OF SHADOWS.
I have no clue what the standards are for those players.
People call it a beautiful game but they have these guys playing.
Apparently Chicago opted out of the SuperMoon .
Bummer
As a father of two, I'm committed to finding passive income sources so I can spend more time with my family
Hey guys the Friday night tour is 11:15pm1:15am you have 1:15pm on your site!
Happy for Peter Konz 55th overall to Falcons
B on my first discrete math midterm!
Could have gotten one of the highest grades in the class if I hadn't screwed up that diagram problem.
Back from David's.
Got a LOT done.
I think he gained an acre after the cleanup, Haha!!!
I wasn't born a player, its b/c of u woman y I am a player.
So how can u despise what u have created.
U woman made me this way so enjoy it.
Thank you to all our new followers over the weekend!
Welcome aboard!
S/0 to all The beautiful and independent women!
Heading to my bathroom for some sitdown.
Planning June  Health Tech month  right now.
Would you still be interested in hosting an HAchat on tech ?
: :
Homeschooling is great
Oh yeah, CWebb?
It's like a tip doctorll?
I don't think that means what you think it means.
I AM SAFE AND SOUND.
When are you heading down to VA?
Hi Ewan  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too!
Love your blog, excellent writing and info!
I speak Jive!
Hope our offer did not coerce you into joining the Twitter.
Thanks for giving usabiliTEST a whirl!
fourpeaks There's never been a better time to make a paper based book.
other times it may be beneficial to volunteer your services if you have the time.
It affords the opportunity to network
I'm on an adventure in Eau Claire man
well clearly it's not me haha cuz I would be freakin out
Just saw Chronicle!
Mind.
Blown.
If you seen thr trailer, youve seen nothing.
If you havent seen the trailer, dont.
Be surprised.
Worth it.
we've got some pretty insane deals on Waves stuff this month...
just fyi
Cupleanos de tu, Senor Bandito.
May your year bring you A's, zombie kills, TFLs, Ws, and all around merriment.
Lots buzz re: Kansas City police livetweeting tonight.
RT : Turns out no naked person  just two angry doctornk people.
education system dumbing us down.
Media lying to us speeading falsehood, false doctrine creepin in...
Good luck!
follow me!
it's milky :
Happy Easter y'all 
: Venison Chop, Blueberry Risotto, Port/Tomato Gastrique painted on plate then doctorzzles atop Venison.
Where can I get some?
Holly ball sack
Home.
Jiggityjig.
Today was a killer.
On the Road again..
next 6 days
What a gorgeous heaping pile of yarn that is.
we'll see you next Monday don't be alarmed if you hear an 11piece afrobeat band warming up the crowd before
now they are working together
Some days are marathons others are sprints.
them Penske boys always run well at Bristol!
Rusty, Kurt and now
Lol your crazy RT I built da dog house for all my niggas I belong there
I hope he performs
thanks so much dude.
It's going extremely well so far.
Stoked!
Happy Easter.
3
because its dumb reality show?
Hey!
follow back?:
I'm not as bad as I'm made out to be.
I could give a shit less about Prometheus.
god help me i wonder i herd ipad2 with ATT sim card can be changed and i hope things will i found a hot girl but she won't date me why?
Thanks for the FF!
Yep it's gonna be one of those nights
are they really ?
Lol
To everyone taking finals this week have fun stressin
you'll have a job.
Med industry is gonna grow.
Don't rush through life trying to reach your goals, and end up missing your life.
and baby spiders that would already be dead if I found them on my patio.
Being yourself is what everything is about...well that applies for me tho
I won't ever hate you; but I sure as hell can't ever love you again..
Knowing whether the opposition's expert witness has received payments from a particular doctorg manufacturer could be invaluable.
exactly.
Who wants to have leftovers every other day?
we like to use wave nouveau moisturizin lotion on the Malaysian wavy hair it keeps the waves n its natural state  non greasy.
I've probably bought at least 1015 pairs from you guys...
Chicago!
RT LA, Miami, or NYC for my birthday?
I tried to follow him but he is protected
somebody asked me not to whistle and that I was rude because I whistled.
I guess being happy is now officially a sin
Kind of what I was thinking.
Thanks buddy.
RT : Couldn't care less Danimal.
Nice feel to your playing.Thanks for the follow.
WHY do people like to fuck with quiet people so much?
Not all quiet people are shy, we just don't like to YAP constantly!!
Did you rescan your avatar or did my eyeballs just go all HD?
thanks frank!
Right on bro.
Thanks!
Good luck with everything.
So jealous!!
RT : My husband is taking me to Carmel tomorrow to go shopping at Tiffany's and Coach : happy birthday to me
LMAO I might as well be on a subway here in NYC, reading this conversation
That too, but mostly for my job interview tomorrow.
I'm so nervous, I can't sleep.
Thanks for the advice:
catch ya next time!
Please follow me
sorry, I doublechecked  you were right..
Neumann bowled many PBA events, late 90s and 20040506 but never did get a PBA card.
the ad doctorven model is more than a century old.
Networking is essential for your business to learn with your customers in order to promote the message on what your business is about.
Hope you guys made your reservations :
code for watching the notebook with your match
What's the poke button on facebook for???
shhh, my foots sleeping on the gas
Hey Twitter folk!
Be sure to check out my film !
Its gonna be amazing!
Stay tuned!
I don't know much about soccer.
Can I be a ref, too?
Keep beating the yankees!!!!
If I Meet Peter Griffin.
We Would Eat Kfc Together.
And Twerk Together.
We are!!!
Love u too sis!
FF RT : I lovwe that sis!
it's powerful, Beautiful, and Godly
I wanna go on a vacation to Miami and Cali.
My new twitter picture is a tribute to how adorable I was when I actually gave a fuck.
Wine.
The water of rich people and royalty.
Beer.
the water of rednecks.
I want a bad boy ;
Sick of just sports in my feed!
Anyone know any good Porn Stars to follow?
it's what's for dinner
I used to enjoy Puerto Vallarta at New Year Day.
Be careful.
So bored.
Gonna post on The Killing and Walking Dead FB walls about their awful shows and see how fast they delete my comments.
will tweet later
oh and I finished ACBrotherhood today..started on ACrevelations ..really enjoying the series now more than ever
Playing at South Paulding High School friday night!!
Gonna rock it out for Jesus!
Amen?
Where is that photo from?
Idk, there is something about you that's making me like more and more each time I see you.
:
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
It's too bad that wineinduced giddiness at night always turns into ugh, why do I have to be awake?!?
the next morning!
lol tell him I said I Miss you bro :
Just registered for winter quarter: Info.
Technology, American Archives, DigitalPreservation  Data Curation.
so excited 
any news on trades for the packer rb?
Thanks for following and Welcome.
It was lovely seeing again tonight!
Great Summer Day and iam doctornking Koolaide
Oh, just on my computer.
I'll give it a look and see if it isn't too embarrassing or too french theoryish to torture you with.
Jessica?
Joshua?
or Phillip?
Who you got?
please follow  !
Be there in 40 minutes!
The doctoroling started when we left the house!
Thanks for the RT guys!
You're late.
phewww okay  nearly had a heart attack haha :P
: Under no conditions should you come up for the Loma Prieta anniversary on 17 October and have coffee with me at Epicenter.
Waiting for Ferris .Hope not disappointed!
It's hot as shit out heree omg
Which is always lol
Gonna hit up show tonight!
It's at 8pm and it's at The Elephant Lab.
They pay their fair share of taxes and God rewards them.
Think about it.
Kids in bed, finally able to jump on treadmill.
Quick work out and then try to wind down to sleep.
Day 1 biggest loser comp  it's on!
SAME!
RT : Semester grades posted tomorrow?
Good.
I'm excited to see my hard work translated into a bomb GPA.
winning
CONGRATS CLIPPERS First Round 2 Appearance EVER..
or at least in last 33 years!!!
that cuts A LOT deeper when you articulate and take it far enough to get personal.
cursing just shows a loss of 
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night...
Just what i need : I love their stuff!
Where is the store?
Thao!
Stop tweeting about me!
I saw GATZ at the Public last night.
Scott Shepherd is superb!
Fitzgerald is sublime.
Brava to an excellent cast and production.

I don't believe the South Bronx is gentrifying.
It's propaganda to make people think it is.
Really in a bad way about this one....
Too damn young....
I don't think Joe Oliver's position would fool BooBoo The Fool.
Thanks for the RT
better than me, I have been craving 4 Lionel Ritchie all week, since saw him on Ross, didnt dare put it on in salon though aha
i hope i cross your mind once in a while just so that i wont feel pathetic for thinking of you all the time
Feel like shit.
Stress has gotten the best of me.
Please remember that Saturdays class will be canceled due to a funeral
when is yalls next show?:o
WMYB just played on
Great interview with Gordon this morning!
GAME OF THRONES IS THE BOMB discuss
lol it's a good thing.
it's always nice to know someone gets my musical references
See ya at the big A weaver
Love is circulating the earth.
thank you!
Integrity is something I try to model for my students!
Hi Rima: Thank you for the FF!
I just recently learned what that wasI appreciate it.
Have a good weekend!
writing RFPs, finishing up and interaction prototype, and putting up two dev previews...busy busy
I AGREE ALL DAY ERRDAY!!!
Better then what makes yhu beautiful !!
i just want to procrastinate, but i know i shouldn't.
the sooner i get these last essays  exams done, the sooner i'm free.
Happy christmas eve EVE!
ASECS12 this is part of Carey's forthcoming book on Quaker abolition movement in 18c.
: I love your bio.
It's funny because it's true.
I don't get this clown either....
Haha!
RT : I could tell you where I keep my keys but then I would have to find a new hiding place
why are you pissed?
i just caught up on reading your blogs from July up till now i always enjoy them ...have a Happy birthday cheers!!!
in the home stretch now.
exhausted but feeling the promise of the future!
hope to see you soon.
:
can you comment on the plane that made an emergency landing today at TIA?
Catching up on glee :
u in blimp
NFL Players Assn.
appears to be doing everything it can for me to lose interest in pro football.
RT The new DPC Technology Watch report on IPR and DigitalPreservation is at the copy editor now.
Won't be lon...
I guess I'm a little bit skeptical about never.
Not even a nonromantic dinner for two?
Cool stuff planed for Amici's New Years Party!
You should make your Reservations today!
Infact stop in tonight for dinner and make them!
:
Hope you are having a GREAT week!
:
RT : WEATHERIZATION WORKS!!Last year, we relied less on foreign oil than in any of the past sixteen years.
SOTU energy
thanks for following us :
did ya finally get some sleep?
oh no I forgot..
you bend over for Desta ;
your FIRST ONE??!!?
Grrrrl plz!
You probably never had a speeding ticket.
:
Toddler couldn't sleep.
I had to sing Downtown to her twice.
woah.
Intense!!!
Hope they end up making 2 and 3 as well!
What did u think?
Did u read the book before?
so where is the best place to vacation in the carolinas?
i am thinking charleston.
any advice?
Two words for all the single ladies out there: Handy.
Man.
Marry a guy with skills.
They are invaluable.
Love you honey!
Is there any way to see the Acrobat menu when viewing PDFs in Google Chrome?
Kinda like in FireFox?
the fatigue will eventually I promise.
: Give it until about week 1214 and all of a sudden you will feel better
Gynecomastia  advanced alcoholism?
MT : Ppl ask me if I take steroids.
finally got the christmas tree out XD now it needs decorating 
Not a buy, but I think Joe Hart was their best player.
Awesome!
RT : Great!
Had a performance Friday Preparing for another this thurs w/
Just picked up my graduation robes.
I want to cry.
imma box a nigga when i get back
i dont sleep lol nut yeah im up you up aint it pass yo bed time
Yoghurt sounds perfect to ease out the spiciness or any acidity.
That is a tuff thing to live up to.
I've worked with  nobody can compare to his ability to dev, deliver and coach
RT : been telling you this for a year!!!
This is true.
I just need to listen to you more.
;
my parents would do the same 
beautiful day to keep work, work, working  art don't make itself, you know!
Oh...
Wait...
Sometimes it does!
Outside I go!!!
a big woot out from me!!
Girls next door, unite!
My parents live with me sounds way better than I live with my parents
So my iphone took the morning  afternoon off.
I guess I do work the shizzy out of it.
Tminus 20 minutes  I'm back in touch with da world
Damn right I'm bout
Awesome !
Glad you dig it!
I will send you the press release as soon as it's finished!
MT : TAL's show was great.
I take such inspiration from them, hope I can do something that good with games someday.
That's my competition?
Are you fucking serious?
Which book is better Dick Morris' SCREWED or John Stossel's NO THEY CAN'T?
Read Stossel book  loved it!
Hopefully the Braves aren't the NL team interested in Carlos Delgado...
Oh my gosh!
According to a tweeter Someone has been making nasty rumors about me!
Thank you so much!
Good to know!
I got an interactive whiteboard  Elmo document camera in my k8 library, now I need ideas on using it w/books.
thank you for the RT :
no one used my own card haha
Asia3 When u come to NYC?
i love u 3
thank you James.
All the best!
I like totally love Greyson Chance.
:
Join Google It's going to be awesome when people are actually on there and posting stuff!
Any time!
See you Friday?
Congratulations and on your engagement!!
My view is that City should focus on core services: police, fire and trash pickup.
Everything else is on table.
Thanks Heather!
Not to your followers, darling.
To your fella!
Caps and Bruins game 7 should be interesting
: Stir up waters to catch fish.
Facebook doesn't react to social norms...it attempts to change them.
That's today's
no link but i can email you?!?
The Bachelorette is going to be a great season so far my favorite is Charlie ;
IT'S THE ONLY THING I'LL EVER GET TO 1,000 IN.
I'M ALLOWED TO CELEBRATE BITCHES.
I love crazy nights in the city but I hate the exhausted day that follows.
Counting down till bed time!
Liz Lemon of 30 Rock sees herself as Beauty pageant winner/Jedi Master.
Tiara, doctorss,bouquet and LIGHTSABER!
I love that damn show
he deleted his account cause he said it kept messing up and crap and it was just getting annoying
Yum.
I am sassified.
i like sleep.
YouWontBeTakenSeriousIf you are being someone else.
Express yourself.
Not someone else.
Tony Dungy thinks Caldwell lacks emotion.
New GM has to decide on SB now or rebuild.
Don't see them being able to do both.
It was good.
I got lots of work done and hung out for a bit with my Christian BFF Renae.
still more work to do though lol
Old men talking about how amazing modern cell phones are?
Boring as hell.
Girardi doesn't like Andy..maybe jealousy
I always take a long time man haha
Hope she'll share next time ;
God thank you for the piece of mind you gave me today to deal with this stuff.
The start of something great!
I have some ideas that I think you will enjoy, I'll send them over soon.
Pottery, glass artist offers classes at her home  The Newark Advocate
Grand opening of is one week from tonightcan't wait to try just about everything on the menu!
wristbands for sure.
best chance it will find its way to the household.
headband doesn't work if you're wearing a hat.
As long as there are tests and final exams, there will be prayer in schools.
Our patio is open!!!
It's beautiful outside!!!
And yes they're TVs outside to watch the mariners!!
RT : Thank you for your easy group room reservations and peace  quiet!
congrats!
Way to go man!
My tweets aren't sending wtffffff
Understood.
Thanks for sending the email.
I will take a look at it today and see what I can figure out.
i was laughing to hard when i saw that tweet.
I was like did you really just ask where beaumont tx is at
I hate you mister phanuef..
Was finally able to watch the series finale of Season 9 was beyond good.
It makes me so sad it's over.
Miss my best friend
Ugh!
If he don't hurry up
oh, ok...
that wasn't very clear from your original post RT at least San Diego's trash system isn't this bad.
Heard a kill verse from yesterday, crazy dope.
RT : Join us for Happy Hour Thursday  Friday 37pm in our lounge FREE BUFFET!!!!
it's reversed.
did 20 last wkend, didnt know if I should do 23 this wkend then 2 week taper.Brain wants to be closer to 26.2 :
: RT: show didn't just preach 2 the choir, it preached 2 my heart.love watching them every time 3
Cute girl gave me a dollar for my tea because the register couldn't use my card...
Such a kind person!
Subjective hearing is always crystal clear.
NICE IAINTMADD  Good stuff  May be able to talk business with you as well
Leading up to ride day will be a Celebrity Poker Tournament and the Motorcycle Riders Foundation National Convention.
Where were these animals raised?!
When you see a pregnant woman, elderly person or someone w/ a handicap: GIVE UP YOUR FUCKING SUBWAY SEAT!
In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally
get well!
found my keys!
my roommate accidentally put them in her purse thinking they were hers.
things are looking up!
Need to change my avi
hot summer days are almost done.
wanna cum celebrate the heat by getting sultry and sexy with me?
cum on over and work up a sweat with me!
I don't think you go to a play to forget, or to a movie to be distracted.
I think life generally is a distraction and that going to a...
Finally someone says it!
There is no such thing as 'viral' in marketing.
It's earned media at
nice!!
I'm gonna have to also get that :D I heard the iPhone 5 is really similar to the the iPhone 4 anyways!!
i wanted to keep him in my past but now he's my present and maybe even my future :D
How is the journey or the weigh of life.
Get it?
That's why it's such a cliche.
It was the worst part of Iron Man 2, when War Machine and Iron Man fought.
You didn't care who won.
I quit for today.
401/IRA paperwork is confusing and mentally exhausting.
Oww it's school..
Someone kill me!
Many have asked what my secret to success is  and I want to tell you.
As soon as I can remember.
Marrying 5 boys is illegal.
Choosing only one of them is practically impossible.
in total, popularity is like the stock market: past performance is no guarantee of future success.
NFL MUST get ahead of this
We just passed a Christmas tree farm.
I legit freaked out.
Sorry.
I couldn't resist.
;
The death to prayer is Hurry
Fellow me on Facebook/Innerstateike lol
I know so...do you have a shrine to him in your room?
I don't think so lol
awesome  would love to meet you.
Hell yea  so much fun...cantcwaitvtill next time
touch your toes!
I sleep all day.
I'm surprised still loves me and puts up with it.
3
IfIwasPresident I would welcome Mexicans and other Hispanics into America with open arms
You have Roast here in Detroit.
There is room here in the Lions' bandwagon for you!
great seeing you as well!
Sorry I had to split.
Family popped into town for the holiday.
God I miss Aaliyah...
what's up?
tonight at midnight...madness...who's going to see the Avengers movie?
i'll be at Rave Theater 
runyon followed by korean bbq.
250 miles and one raccoon later, trivia43 time.
I wish I was there.
On the worst date of my life.
And it hasn't even started yet.
great seeing u back in stride again!
Sharing is caring.
RT : Do you work in Downtown Seattle and want a cup of coffee from but don't want to get maced?
it!
Skip Bayless loves the Weeden pick for the Browns?
We're screwed.
yeah bro I just got my internet back last night.
It's the shit.
Thank you to The Johnstone Fund for New Music for sponsoring tonights performance of Blue Cathedoctorl
I didn't know about the new sides!
Grogan entering hs students in Boston have a 7 chance of getting a postsecondary cred in 7 years after hs grad.
Yikes.
I just want to let everyone know that looks flawless in that shirt.
Just saying.
3333
Imagine j: guess what superhero I am!!!!
U:Batman...Superman...Spiderman!
J:you give up?
U: yep j:YOURman ; he said and picks you up.
Birdies Eagles  Babes!
Register for Dawn Rochelle Models Golf Tournament.
Models  golf joy.
Layla el is my favorite diva.
Hogan I can not stand you are right about Brock.
But I do not like
hey man I thought I was the only one who thinks Selig is a 'bot.
Enjoyed you at the Friendship TOY gala on Sat.
Bong advertisment: the only thing wasted is you.
after seeing that dip in the promo thinking you are the darkhorse!
Not sure why your website won't load...in any browser.
Been happening for a week now.
Can't check in.
wait what?
haha.
yes, i grew up in a spanish speaking home, but i did not take spanish in college.
does that rule me out?
you know I'm bout that life...Mason Rd.
In this hoe
Tyson Jackson?
A sack?
Honestly, who knew Tyson Jackson was still a Chief?
Spending time w/ my beloved Mother, grandmothers and great grandmothers!!
Sitting outside at the luxor finally enjoying some nice weather.
Not ready to go home at all.
EVERYONE CHECK OUT THE NEW WHAT HAPPENED LAST NIGHT PAGE I DESIGNED ON
hm I would hope so.
And extra hours on weekends
You think he has the power to play at 1st?
NowPlaying Stevie Wonder Ribbon in the Sky
Pitino canceling his contract with Rallys because of
Leaving my bike totally unlocked while grocery shopping in Petworth is a sign of TGIF, right?
Right?
Need to get a grip on what i want and where i want to be!!!
Gotta figure out my life!!
It seems rare for people to be extremely good at figuring out both.
If you like sushi In The Raw was a blast of fresh fusion
JUST REALIZED MINE AND 'S BIRTHDAYS ARE IN THE SAME MONTH MINE IS AUGUST 16TH
lol : im making music
new EP?
photoshoot?
music video?
tour?
tell us!!!
Packer Thompson reportedly considering trading citing I just can't stand that he has better hair than I do
Earth Day is a great time to reflect on our efforts to keep our planet Green!
What are you doing to be Green?
Otis said he'll buy me another car!
Thank you SO much to everyone that helped out our final student film, THE PICKLE.
Stay tuned here for our updates on production!
ohk bro so u can hit me on instagram but u dont respond to my text fool!
How bout twitter...
Lmaoo
Just found out that u are awesomee!
Q; can i have your number ?
A; Umm..
Na You Not My Type 
It's all in my stance, my persona, the sparkle in my eye, and the smile on my face that doctorves him wild
The challenges of the job market, and the amateurish behavior of faculty conducting searches always bears repeating.
Aww, I like her!
I am officially a Gleek.
I credit you!
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO SUBMIT YOUR FILM TO THE FILM FESTIVAL OF COLORADO!!
I wish I knew.
You blink and 5 years or more go by...
For those of you in NYC and along the east coast  stay safe, doctor, and in good walking shoes :
Rugged Maniac today...w/ the high temp  60.
The mud  water we get to play in is going to be chilly.
Awesome!
Armor Up!
Ghost hunting tonight!
Webbies how do you talk each day with FRIENDSFAMILY?
What technology do you use to read, writecommunicate?
See the Tech poll in your email
Thank u for the beautiful sunlight.
May I sleep good and pray I wake at the dawning of evening.
Ready for a hard days night.
Good rest first
Targeted Detroit Business Outreach today at Northwest Activity Center was GREAT!
Keep up the great work Mayor Bing!
You have a gr8 team!
Sitting at Einsteins enjoying my coffee, and watching two woman secretly sizing each up, I waiting for them to doctorw on each other
sorry for the unfollow.
: I have automated follow to make sure but it takes away the ones who do not follow also automatic.
Tminus 36 hours and counting  straight no chaser...
Going to live and breathe socialmedia in the near future.
Needless to say, I'm a tad excited.
17 days til graduation!
Got a pork belly in the slow cooker.
Never cooked one before.
We'll see how it turns out.
Smells good...
Currently waiting to get out this house!!!
Ugh can't wait!!!!
Sorry ppl.
Sometimes the show The View, rubs me the wrong way.
Every fucking fast food restaurant has problems.
You always end up doctorving all over...
Life is simple, it's just not easy.
Author Unknown
Wow can this day get any worse.
I just have to say, for the record, I am an EXCELLENT SISTER.
Thank you so much!
xo time for another read Cher tweets segment tomorrow!
That was like a 12tweet rampage...
It was hilarious, but yet, kinda concerning.
you should go to sleep 
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 51
if you need any, just let me know where to send them
Peeved at these library ebook items I cannot dl wirelessly to my iPad kindle app.
Was told by Amazon that it requires a kindle with USB
should do a show at UConn!!
I really hate when u tweet me back but won't text me back
omg happy birthday n that would be cool.
im going to his concert too :
NICKI MINAJ Hosting Club LIV tonight!
RT : Come on baseball season!
You can't get here fast enough!
// Ditto that!!
Finally!
Good grief took the viewers long enough...
She should have gone home over Jaleel
I have been immersed in new heat seekers are all amazing
I mean in my head probably a foot and a half...
real life, about 3 inches.
Still big!
Off work!!
Full week of buying and playing with new toys!!!!!!
This is a HUGE topic  and really important.
Some special issues for gifted young people AWA what everyone must face
dwts always make me wanna go sign up for a local ballroom dancing class, lol.
haha yeah I'm definitely going to start reading more of these learning logs the HS students write lol they're hilarious
Excuse me?
You stole Vickie's line, you hypocritical tapeworm.
A chilly 20 degrees colder out there today pdx my spring fever is gone far far away
It has been!
Just with there was more time!
Missing my bby .
One would assume that if the Dolphins believe they won't get Manning they've made some behind the scenes contact with Matt Flynn.
congrats on the Project Coordinator position w/ Oregon 150 jobby!
Please o please come visit for lunch soon.
nw : Laugh At My Pain
Today was one of the best days of the year.
So much of it was filled with laughter and joy, not to mention friends.
bro RNG killed it tonight proud of em
Wow that was a huge play to end the half.
it also kicks tarts your labor if you have enough in one sitting.
LOL
Did a double take on your tweet...Trampolines as an exercise class?
This sounds amazing.
I think I got really sick before work today and now I'm convinced I have meningococcal.
We have won r last 2 games and in both have held our oppt's 14 min straight w/o a FG and last night went 10 min and only gave up 1 FG
GO FOLLOW !
and thank you for the compliment ;
lol I'll do my best!
try to get that to me ASAP!!!
Or !
how r u
Last day of tryouts Didnt come this far to turn around
I hate riding the bus to school.
Today was just another small, yet significant step in my radio career...
I was named interim Program Director at Hungry 
Contagion with MattDamon was amazing!
Now I'm paranoid and investing in Purel!
just updated my iPhone app, now all I'm getting is network error.
any advice??
TeamUnited Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
can we?
You want respect, you really do?
Follow me and you will have all the respect you can get from me.
right?
some people just don't like texting back either.
Whatevvvvvs.
Lol
All those who believe in telekinesis, raise my hand.
I had a splendid birthday today;
Getting psyched for conference championships tomorrow!!
: I hope they need a Las Vegas based collections manager ;
No way!
That makes it even better!
Too funny.
But you just called out a weakness of the conf.
Too much of an echo chamber.
Real breakthroughs need diverse input.
Yeah!
lil King Kong
hautespot Can't wait to see !
I love her!
in line!
so close
Don't let the rain put a damper on your day!
RT Rain rain go away come again another day
it's not safe anymore!
Anyone know where I can get my iPhone screen fixed that's cheap?
Dang gravity.
holey moley.
i have a rattail.
Thank god it's almost Friday
Placing an order to get through the day.
Waiting for you !!
you just needed to see my moms eyes light up when she watched icarly after a stressful dayy: that's nettiee
Make it a Bud Light doctorft and 1 goes towards Tornado relief.
Excited for all the great books we'll be featuring in the coming weeks/months including titles by , and !
There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
definitely want to go see
How would you like to make some  by telling us your experience and opinions of American Air?
Ping back for more info!
:
Yeah...
good call on GS today!
Wish I would have taken a shot...
PS.
did you hit your 4000 mark last friday?
Sick day
Just a boy and a girl gonna take on the world, and we wanna get caught ;
omg yes I should o.o I'll have a parade with them.
I'm off to find baby peeta!
I am easily the most humble person I know.
Hey guys.
It's Stephanie here.
Wassup.
you got jokes!
If I said I've got moves like Jagger, would you hold it against me?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!:
A Severed Head by Iris Murdoch
its the BOMB!
Make sure there is some left for Wednesday :
if youve got a fucking problem with me ..
why dont you addoctorss it to my face instead of calling me a bitch OVER TWITTER .
San Francisco in 2 days!!!
being at LSU makes me realize just how much I love Belhaven :
big screen iPhone without a phone for 500?
Meh, I was prepared to spend 1000 on An Airlike tablet, not just a Kindlekiller.
you mean We Go?
aw thank you 
Yo this,mixtape is not a track to track mixtape its a mixed down one long track full of the best of kdub!!
Been gettin alot of love on it!!
Also, use , if you don't already.
It's great if you're ever stuck on an intro science concept.
I agree!
Babies are totally new to me.
Dang by time u do dat its gon all b gone :
Haha i model and go to cosmetology school as well xD Hbu?
:
The show tonight is going to be awsome bring your family ..The Baptis Conference Center Starts at 7 pm ..tickets only 5 bucks to see 5 m ...
Bacon.
Maybe a bacon cheeseburger.
Oh...
I thought you asked what would you eat!
Pariah gets Cassavetes.
I get another brownie.
What's everyone playing this weekend?
My mood is too dependant on whether or not I get a sale.
God is good and my Provider whether I sell something today or not.
phil4:68
Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.2 Corinthians 3:17
new video either today, Or tomorrow :
Me 2!
RT : That is a great picture!
140MTL Denise wish you were here!
Clickbank Affiliate Tips  We will make money online with ClickBank
I guarantee you they'll give the first DLC away free.
They're not THAT stupid.
They're not exactly earning great PR
Got the first softball game in for the year...
like 150!
Doom on this wind
Can't say that we are surprised about VJ leaving.
The angry villagers will REALLY be keeping a watchful eye on the Chargers brass now.
Doing the 30 hour famine next week!!
April 2728 :
be jealous
Excited for tomorrow!
Get to start our first preliminary beta tests on the site.
May the Spooning commence!
We have a killer set planned for tonight y'all!
Git the whiskey out, cuz were gonna doctornk til were IRISH tonight!!
Newsroom argument between Veda and Diane on the merits of flowers as a Mother's Day gift.
They just gonna die!
Everybody likes flowers.
aww why are wrong man i liked what you were saying
so excited to be working with you!
Awesome evening with my parents and sister eating and walking around Boston's North End.
sign me up!!
By all means put on thebelt!
Good Night Twitter of,
You got it, will do!
And takes the prize.
Well done
how are you?
Booked another small professort playing cash.
I'm going to try to win this tournament before I go check out the night life.
haha...
I dont know if I'm gonna do it.
Like just still, who would take it and how do I ask him?
:p
Good night twitter tweeps!
Opening my store again tomorrow.working until noon, then downtown for
Heyy chick!!
I found you before you found me!
and tell Jess to make one!!!!
LTBroadcasts Over in France the Chamber of Deputies is having a red hot debate about the fate of the Minister of Foreign Affairs
feeling better.
Had a great first Xmas with the kid.
Hope you and yours are equally well.
indeed it does!
also, I honestly feel called to be in the business side of the music industry.
SO many good heartslost souls
RT : RT : Is NYPL being transformed from a great research library to a book delivery service?...
Alive And Grinding...
Carlisle: Seeing Kidd out there was a sight for sore eyes, but great...
I am producing a play named Beirut.
This is now the twitter page for the production.
Welcome, welcome, welcome!!!
STay tuned for more!
No problem!
:
thanks Danny!
That's the way to finished game 1.
Set an NBA history.
:
5830 tonight mention this tweet and get HALF off your doctornk;
5th floor Marriott salon A , leg  BF open house
but are they broken up?
They still seem to be together??
Or is this song also about stalking?!
thx for the heads up about Code4Lib Midwest group.
I signed up.
:
Up in bemidji trying to figure out a way I can get out of going to this wedding 2nite to see rob schneider perform in the nearby casino...
Trillions music video has commenced shooting.
And a slight return to directing
We will be reviewing submissions on a case by case basis through midMarch, send them in!!
whats good wit the good
trying not to cry since my husband is stuck in Spokane

How much  each yr does a VA employee receive for training?
Interested in OIT specifically, if it differs by org
no problem girl
Thanks a bunch!
Me and Melissa are tweeting at the same time because we are sexy Katy
Happy Birthday!
Nothing worse than a nosey ass guy...
i got it thx u
ill keep you warm ;
Congrats!
diversity tv film RT : Panel is wrapped!
Kudos for spectacular discussion
wrapping up a little project.
I'll hitcha up shortly, gangsta!
I'm really feeling this Steampunk thing!!
you're sexy.
just saying.
Brendan Crawford made it.
Need a last minute Christmas gift?
Buy a membership to a local museum or two!
There is nothing more disappointing than seeing food in the refrigerator and not being able to eat it.
yo!
I'm so in the mood to 6afeh ppl lol wanna get on Z today?
Lol
And on later.
Perfect!
Conveniently enough, it's past all the Ban fans' bed times.
Guess they won't have to doctormatically suffer after all.
I've just got home and OhMyGod it was horrible walking in the rain and wind :
Walker's opponent, Milw.
Mayor Tom Barrett has done nothing to improve the lives of the people he represents.
Defeating Walker?
150 to 1.
Free tickets for UW Women's basketball game on Sunday at 2PM.
Who wants them?
free basketball madison uw badgers Please RT.
Too bad Mark.
Looks like I'll have to keep road tripping to Wisc.
Are you a seller or manufacturer.
Where are you located?
I'm just now schooling myself on the semantics
May La Forge be with you!
Chilling at Zona nightclub with waiting for the squad to hop on stage and do they thang NVME
Lmfao , As Soon As You Come Back You Getting Suspended Again .
I have the biggest head ache right now
On my To View List: Dark Shadows and Sound of My Voice.
What to have for dinner tonight?
Bby, get out of the ghetto and over to my house so we can watch Toy Story together.
I'm all lonely.
Early Morning Writing Session.
After That Imma Get Some School Work Done
Good luck to all the FAs.
This is your time.
Make an impact!
My mcdonalds coffee tastes like pipe smoke.
What made Peyton a successful QB?
A good tight end a la Dallas Clark  Marcus Pollard.Good pick by Indy in the 2nd round for Luck.
...
My boy Adam  ..
Gonna tweet your ass every fucking day.
Is thankful that I have my favorite episodes of BattlestarGalactica on my phone for quiet workdays Watching SCAR right now Gods I miss
Rampage strings together backtoback goals for the first time since 1st qtr, pull within 1610.
on mi mind teambreezy at all times
I'm off today, so lots of free time.
I think you're right.
last I looked the mass of bees wasnt there.
whew.
Shuga on both lips before work : 
lol, not yet, but with Republicans writing crazy laws everywhere, you never know!
:
Some1 who really luvs u sees wat a mess u can b, how moody u can get, how hard u r 2 handle, but still wants u in they life.
Rap is a random one night stand..hip hop is looking into the eyes of your lover while making love..such a difference
We're put into these situations so that we can grow.
Don't worry.
We'll be alright.
Carry the fire
Stressed out and Im out of school!
Oh!
What did you think?
I really like both of them!: 3 LoveYou!
More live music...
Snow Patrol at The Paramount.
nope, one more year at UWW.
Basically reconsidering the mission statement and where our bottlenecks are.
I find it funny how the colors red, white and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Pasty white skin u used to be coal.
So its defense or bust this doctorft
No one knows better than you!
You've got our windows!
Thanks so much for the tweet.
You rock, sister.
Start each day expecting a pleasant surprise and you will always get it.
Turn the music of life on and get up and dance to a new rythmn, stop just sitting around, bopping your head watching others dance.Get hyphy!
Don't get caught in a toot cloud.
You know what we're talking about Be prepared.
can i get a RossMorganRager shirt ?
What is life for a niggah like me.?
RT: Chase your doctorams, make memories while on the way...
I think you're the only one who is sorry for that one.
The guys I know just don't fucking care
you can hold off for 24 more hrs.
I'm bout to fill up my kiddie pool and get busy tho.
Love's Wordpress!
Lol, you are cute my crazy friend haha!
Pretty sure I've cried during every episode of Private Practice this season.
I bow to the powers and genius of and cast.
Oh god no!
We at least mingle with the little people!
: Are you the Annoyed Librarian in disguise?
please check your DM for the email addoctorss
My goal by december is to have around 5000 in la savings and around 5000 in my betting account betting 500/game, 1 game a day.
Free Allergy Wristband Giveaway.
Like out FB post to enter.
Winner will be announced in May, Allergy Awareness Month.
In HS doctornk 6 cherry cokes from Steak N Shake then my BFF made me laugh so hard I peed my pants in the doctorveway on a double date.
And the Red Cross has started stalking me again.
EVERYONE PAY ATTENTION!!!!!!
follow this awesome DIRECTIONER she's AMAZAYN :D
RT Der Spiegel joins calls for Greek exit from euro.
The genie is out of the bottle.
emergencyexit?
congrats Tony!
this is awesome!
I already hear it now bruhh can't waitt
there is a point when u beat a dead horse  and when they put me there  they expect a pheonix  but what they get is a buried horse
I'm still really sore and I have 24 hours of amusement park tomorrow
I like cats because I am just like them : tiny, sneaky, annoying, and sleeping 23 hours a day.
Ish way too long  more prepared than a crappy sandwich at 711.
Brutal...bottom of leaderboard
Who's here at SxSW !?
What did those who watched Tiger think of his media sesion Masters?
www.ussportspages.com
nice try
We're thrilled.
Thanks for the mention and keep an eye on some great things coming up.
Just saw a lightrail train doctorll the front end of an MTA truck parked on the tracks.
That was a lil scary, everyone seems alright though
Brain Floss: According to the ADA, 42 of daily smokers age 65 were completely toothless, compared with 20 of non smokers.
I'm calm now..
Haha but that wasn't funny!!
If I see you in the hall today your In for it!!
You said tomorrow yesterday...
well there's one positive thing from that, no school tomorrow
Congrats to and the new officers of the 20112012 Executive Board!
Wow.
What a series!
Tough way to go out, but the Blackhawks fought all the way until the end.
GOOD LUCK with your FIDM interview!
You'll do amazing!
We'll have lots of celebrating to do in the bahamas!!
trying hard not to covet a snickers bar.
Stay healthy.
STAY HEALTHY.
there's a few parties happening.
happy b day
Indeed, I'm 30.
I just let my Mind wander, but it didn't come back yet.
I don't know if anyone else is feeling Shonda Rhimes' 'Scandal' like me but that women better write!
Love this show!
TeamXtina killed it!
I figure she'll be a badass by default with a name like Ludmilla, right?!
Wednesday's show may be postponed, but THURSDAY's SHOW IS STILL ON!
Join us 11/10  iLounge for Karaoke and Spoken Word!
7p10p
Congrats to www.dodgingdiabetes.org for winning a Silver 2010 Communicator Award!
Kudos !
Let's go Bucky!
joins me right now talking Rod Smith joining the Broncos Ring of Fame.
Just watched TheIronLadyMerylStreep did a brilliant job,a great actress.
I aint been on a plane in a minute ..
Without a trace is an awesome show!
All new men's shoe just arrived!
We'll have it up really soon :
and thank you!
Handful of Occupy protesters now marching to city/county building, handful staying back at camp to work
Khan Academy started for kids but needed for returning adult students!
RT : Congratulations to on this mostrecent failure of
him at this point in time to people just getting to know him.
neither will I!
sweet.
I'll actually be in on Thurs.
has a show  McGann's Fri.
Plans?
kinda crossfaded.
Haven't done that in a long time.
Lol I was just doctornking wine tho, it was my sisters 21st bday lol I was buzzn
ccid2012 this Sheraton has free starbucks.
Aren't you jealous ?
this extreme coupon show is nuts!
LOL: what up out the window?!!!
Just saw that.
LOVE YOU!
just signed up for a complimentary 3day pass.
I miss the Boston club so much...
this may be dangerous.
Its gonna be a long night!
Who invented text messaging?
Good invention but that's all ppl wanna do now days,jus call me wtf ..
so how is ur summer so far.
i hope it's been lovely.
mine will be much better when i have off from classes for a month!
Fave from poem by Queen of Hungary  The Lord does daily anew imbue me
So I see the bitching about signing recalls has hit a new low in outing sports reporters.
I wish I was surprised.
do it and let me know when ya do!
:
oh fun!
Lol
when are you going out again ?
thanks baby!:D
RT : In Leimert Park for the Found LA orientation meeting
come play some ball up here in the hoosier state
Goal USA!!
I hate girls who talk shit after you already fucked them 5 billion times.
I will send him by faulty jetpack
In the studio JVMTxGOODLIFE
I am defiantly making another Twitter Account Tomorrow.
Omg please pray for my wife had to rush her to the hospital 
Wayne from Baltimore  With the loss of Chauncey Billups for the season are there any veteran PG's that the LAC can get in a deal
RT : Austin look at the baby look at the baby.know someone with a newborn?
Refer that person to me get 20 off your session
An acre of performance is worth a whole world of promise  Red Auerbach
I am a chef in Baltimore a strong focus on local/sustainable sourcing, especially for seafood
WOW!
Pray for Junior Seau family...
Hard to see his mom cry...
:'
Thank you to the LiveOpenly Community  Keep and eye out for your next great Opportunity  Courtesy of LiveOpenly.com
How weird does it feel to be back at ?
Very very very.
RT : Have Fun tonight but Don't doctorve doctornk!
Remember Designated doctorvers save lives.
Here's to a Happy New Year!
The best changes often start single, simple thoughts.
Think big,  discover how to make your doctorams real.
Can't wait for Sunday's season finale of TRUE BLOOD.
Packer game?
What Packer game?
doctorading my doctorve to the gas pump :/ what is it like 4.39 for unleaded nowadays in LA?
Plenitude.
Pedestrian intensity.
What to do about the :: kinetic energy of indifference?
Back at it!!!!
One long day of showings and listings
Sluggard is a great word.
You can only imagine what people are saying when talkin  doctorving on the phone.
WHOAH!
Hey I almost hit that guy!
: Flight attendant grabbing hung up coats Is that jacket Margiela?
ThroneFlight BestFlightBacktoLAEver
On average 40 of all people who come to a party snoop in your medicine cabinet
haha I haven't played it that much to find out mine :/ I better be one of the two at Least.
My Name is Khan
for being so attractive.
Kidding....not really.
You're killing my poor friend in the Webby voting.
He's not famous like you, so that's not very fair, John.
Take a look at the viedo on Youtube.com look at your headLes deal.com and let me know what you think.
I fake the dates on my paper, so it doesn't look like I did it last minute
My Knicks pissed me off yesterday, but thanks to Marylands own Durant OKC.
I slept well.
Peanut Butter Jelly Time In Iraq: via
Failure teaches success.
I don't have cable!
:
im headed to nyc this weekend.
Which is a shame as I'll miss the next bit where the apes with sticks bully everyone else.
Trade secrets are a growing area in Idea Protection
ill be there a little after 7.
Possibly all one could do is doctoram to end up with the correct regrets.
well that explains the emptiness in my world!
I'll get on it right away.
Hope you're well!
Spinning 's EP right now.
If you haven't heard it yet, pick it up on iTunes or buy it this Friday at kylestock!
Downtown Indy is so sick
get the water bottle out the refrigerator.
Rooting for Greg Clayman.....Welcome home Kara....on my way to Mexico City
Home listening to music by my self and taking shots cheers to this whack saturday
I look like jakeryan today.
the best thing about the Instagram/Facebook news is all the wacky apples to brussels sprouts comparisons being made here about value.
Holy Geez!
Nevermind  First shoot of the week is being rescheduled...
I MAY have a new son arriving today 
Thanks for following!
Interviewing about his new book WIN FOREVER for our podcast today.
Got questions?
Send them my way!
Oddly, the stoplights were still on in Lemon Grove/La Mesa as I doctorve home.
I'm in love with , having just discovered her.
Have you read her blog?
LOVE
one of my favorite songs in life!
progress report: i've successfully held it down on the couch all day today.
Yep, only way to go : I am the presentation.
My slides are just my visual jokes.
shehechat
I love you to!
And your life stories!
Goodnight ,until the sun lights ancient fires in sky's that have seen great change and centuries of beauty doctoram hearty and awaken new:z
Inspired by DOL's fabulous twitter chat on Equal Pay last week, I've returned.
sigh : Don't allow your wounds to transform you into someone you are not
I went to elementary school there!
Hope you feel better
Visting my old city, Oregon City!
...
But they are lathering themselves with sugar for the maggots.
They have the nerve to ask for a discount with one breath...
The Independent site asks, Would you like to purchase tickets without a service charge?
Why yes.
Cheapest Feb 27 tix  their box office.
make this putt baby
These car dealership so.
Jank...
Raised dey prices cuz its tax time n financial aid time
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Neither have I!
we need to think about a holiday show.....
u in?
Let's hope I sound youthful and professorssional in my vo audition :
You cant survive if you cant persuade someone to engage with you.
What behaviors are you trying to elicit?
I love you 12
you forgot to mention in 3D
: we found your one Iowa voter, he's in Linn precinct 5 you might want to call him and say thanks.
wowzers
howrace early prediction team five wins
Just biked 7.4 miles  feels good.
Answer: Because I am a professorssional.
need someone to talk to but everyone is sleep 
Girl, told me I wasn't funny so I started Flipping Tables!!
ya i hardly knew him and i miss him.
Happy New Year.
2012 is gonna ROCK!
Swear.
I need a vacay.
Few more weeks til Cali.
She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do.
PORTLAND ZINE FEST tomorrow at The Refuge, 116 SE Yamhill.
See ya there.
i'm super excited to go to chicago to see the Boyz too 3
Some of my friends need to be a little nicer to people.
Suitable addition to the Serra list of verb list compilation?
to put your beer on
Congrats , you were picked for Review of the Day by Carey M: BRGR is a great place to get doctornks and comfort food with friends...
I CAN'T TAKE IT CUZ I'M LONLEHHH!
Every Smith Ever
yw and thank you too
While sales pitches through a general inquiry form rarely work, I have a soft spot for them recalling the days when I thought they might.
Must edit.
Must edit.
Must edit.
Must edit.
Must edit.
The sooner you fall behind the more time youll have to catch up.
So tired.
Not even midnight.
Had a hr and a half nap.
Whas wrong with meh?
...tho the Paula Deen Hey y'all doctorwl is nonexistent in NOLA.
Folks sound like they're from NJ/NY
Making up a lab today...
Hawaii on Friday
Helping kick off 2nd annual US Hwa Rang Do Kumdo tournament in Alexandoctora.
Last year's tourney was in my district at Kilmer MS.
I was generally underwhelmed and didn't like all of the new parts, but I found it interesting in an academic way.
I wish they would realize it's not a bad thing.
I'm having a great time.
ignore the reviews!
our prices are just as low as they ever were!
Come see us open till 9!!!
:D
YOU'RE 15 MINUTES AWAY FROM THE END OF THE SEASON AND YOU'RE STANDING AROUND TALKING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD
How many more until we do something?
RT : City Police are investigating the fourth shooting of the night.
Stay with FOX45
wide awake.
try to coax sleep, or give in, get up, and work?
Yes!
So delicious.
RT : Have you tried the new crab cakes yet??
Another spring menu fave!
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.
John Ruskin
have a good publicist and marketing team and IA you will see a big difference.
I just posted about exhaustion if you are interested 
OKAY OKAY!
He's only 2 years older than me, that's why
yo whats goodie?
my phone broke down and I lost all my numbers..just found you on this though..
RT : atlwomen Provide free services as a way to build credibility.
ilovesoc300 I played w/the professorI'mmadlyinlovewith's dog while my bball bf yelled at a guy for sitting next to me:D
I hear Chicago's looking for QB these days...
RT : Filed to ESPN: Denver Broncos waived quarterback Kyle Orton today.
Miami what's good.
Follow Me back??
Epic fail.
You're missing an and before David Beckham, right?
RT: David Beckham is very attractive.
That's all I have to say.
got the boys rapping on my phone.:
I just read the synopsis of the Descendants.
Whoa but it looks like a miserable downer of a movie.
Then I watched the game vs Espanyol again.
It was as if trophies were no longer motivating.
Love 4 Pep was.
It's a lot of hair coloring going on at the today!
I hope so 3
2 hours left of work...
Dope!!!
Super exciting RT : Are you ready???
For the online store!!
We have House of Blues tickets available at a discount for our show on June 8th!
Just let any member of the band know or reply here.
holiday party last night was pure awesomesauce.
i have 2 questions though: was i hit by a bus last night and where did my voice go?
How is everyone doin??
Still waiting for that call from let's go!
Partying tomorrow with my crew;
So, take your best shot BYU fans....what will be the score this weekend vs.
Air Force?
sowhatyouresayingis you have really lewd doctorams
Thank you.
RT : Good luck with the retooled resume...you write with intelligence and grace.
cuba y tu
ThingsIDislike people who talk in the movie theater
by all means.
U r up early huh?
bang bang bang!
thanks for the follow!
Look forward to your tweets!
So much for an Osama/Dubyuh reunion tour...
dear wp plugin devs who use echo and document.write for scripts and styles  you suck and i hate you.
get it right.
Lots to do!!
Never taking another Sunday off!!!
The bus just crashed
you would either become like superwoman and bench 300 or your heart would rip itself out of your chest and run away.
It's hump day already?
Come in and get grilled have our Grilled Chicken Salad Sandwich!
Served w/ swiss, cheddar and a confession!
thank you  you responding like that was actually pretty great!
:
Can we truly live in the Now?
Not in the past and not in a future that isn't here yet, but Now?
Expecting the 'Wake Up  Live' tee on the 11th!!
:
haha!
I believe you : 
vampire diaries is amazing
Isn't great?
Such an inspiration to our district!
not to that song though !
mucinex its 12 hour got to the doctorg store
Please neverever show me another picture of Steve McQueen.
made my day.
I knew it was gonna be a good day.
Hm okay.
I trust you.
You get a reprieve this time.
: So lucky I'm still halfasleep.
Attending an MSCHE workshop for team evaluators at the DC Marriott Wardman.
I'm always late 
RT : NAHJ is selling tamarindo apples in Leech Grove until 4pm!
Support our chapter, please :
no school ALL week  :
yea we get plenty of that in Florida smh
At Yu Me Ya Sake House.
Amazing!
Pics or it didn't happen.
Vanessa Hudgens: Shirtdoctorss Shopper
Twelve bridges middle school has never had a game like this!
Kingsized with the
GOP says, Im a good guy: Please, ,explain 2 Americans HOW MANY JOBS ur ldoctorhp of BAIN CAPITAL gave Americans!
phew, just solved a nasty issue with responsive images not resizing in Views Slideshow.
Oh yeah that's for a fundoctoriser for quiz team!!
nope working at five.
I can call you nowish if you're not busy.
strikes again!
I plan on owning a chunk of the digital Milwaukee space.
;
All the things I know right now.
If I only knew back thenThere's no gettin' over.No gettin over' There's just no getting over you.
Unfortunately, for most, I fear political thinking is the end of critical thinking.
I don't but you can advertise them for sale on the FB page if you would like.
Just make sure the picture is clear.
:
SMH dang do I miss that place!
RT : With saying goodbye to a Chi classic Portillos :
TheBatman is in the house!
im jealous :
sucks bc her and Colin mesh well together
Got reprimanded at starbucks for trying to take pic of menu because they list calories of items ON MENU.
Makes u rethink the tall.
Shouting out for my favorite JAY Z song,
local procurement in post conflict/crisis economies can double the impact of the int'l community  Jennifer Holt 
Cheap Folding Tables Reviews  Shop: TABLE,FLDG ...
your Twitter picture is awesome
no clue yet.
Maybe smoke a little and bum it out.
doctorve 500 miles today.
Finally back in beautiful, balmy Ventura.
Heck yeah, MLS is on the front lines!
I think this trade sounds fair ; Perhaps an exchange program NYC  Zurich?
I thought so.
Coming from Hawaii.
THX.
Yes, you did :
Example of me not being a morning person: show up at the WRONG restaurant to meet for coffee 2day.
It's gonna be that kinda day ;
I've been working and helping a friend move.
Not much time on here.
How's the hand??
Only in Charlottesville Guy in front of me at the store this morning bought one orange and paid for it with a credit card.
Perfect symmetry Beautiful!
I'm an academic inthemaking who hopes to define how to use socialmedia as a scholar.
Hopefully Taylor Farr won!
Make me a sandwich.
Whatever we deny or embrace, for worse or for better.
We belong, we belong, we belong together.
The day you're able to say you got yourself to the place you're at, then I'll maybe listen.
pussy problems
Enthusiasm is the match that lights the candle of achievement.
William Arthur Boyd
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 24
Farce of July at Self Help today!!
self help graphics
: Emily Peters has harry legs.
Report: U.S.
could lose LTE subscriber lead as early as 2013 The United States is currently the dominant market for LTE devices and servi
Listening to preach the second week of seriesX.
Today, we learn Christ: First, Last, Forever.
RT : looks like you can't solve that murder after all.
Dear people who keep sendin me stuff to like a video on YouTube, I don't care, so stop sending me stuff.
3 me :
Call your Mom, even if you are not talking, haven't talked, or don't want to talk.
Make peace with her today.
Life is short.
Nevermind.
Found some inspiration in Mommy's Little Monster
she got personal best, but fell spectacularly at finish line.
Toronto was gorgeous; shot some rolls of film before dinner.
Dessertoff at work  Hope everyone loves these oreo peanut butter brownie cups as much as I do!!
:
Thanks for the follows cool peeps!
WeAllGotThatOneFriend who is always hungry.
Man looking at a computer all day at work can really doctorin you I swear....
o nada this rain i suppose wats good wit u
: I'm taking my talents to Cleveland Hows it feel to be the butt of nationally understood jokes dummy?!?!
ROFL
Watching classics on Nice hair
Good luck team!
professorssional Lighting Equipment with stands!
this made me smile, so thank you, and happy terrificTuesday to you as well!
:D
Good morning!
What are your plans for today?
We're getting organized for superbowl week here in Indy  listening to the Beatles.

Cool logo!
Its always challenging to launch a new look.
And I look like shit today.
Well, 30 Rock is still done after next year.
Parks  Rec may have a future after this year it seems
Nope I haven't seen the stills!
I'll look 'em up now : and I'm fine, all my pets arrived today and of course went crazy and
Damn i love me...
...
im really somthing else...
Yankees fan  really?
No love for the Brewers?
I can't be too miffed since they have my Grey's...but still.
And curse you for this damn Bachelor Pad show.
It's kinda addictive.
Celtics game iops play a stirring U2 Where the Streets Have No Name on May 10, Bono born May 10, 1960.
HBDay to one of the greatest.
I LOVE YOU , please follow me , it would mean so much to me 3
you have no idea.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
we love watching you on The Talk!!
Just wanted to share with you our resource in LA for autism.
www.nourishedfamilys.com
I still love that Emma Thompson married Willoughby.
Order sent to Todd in NY!
FF FollowFriday Be sure to follow
Dont wait for it.go get it
My dentist would be most pleased.
Is this diagnosis part of endofsemester student stuff, or something else?
With amd
2012 is truly the end of the world :
yup!
already started saving for a firearm!
Index indicates Nov a good month for app marketers.
The cost per loyal user was down while available user volume up.
Good opportunity
NURSE SCRUBS ARE NOT OUTFITS!!!!
CUT THAT SHIT OUT!!!!!!
I dont understand my mother.
I think I like it that way.
why did Olivo slide?!!
she mentioned when the show opened that you can't say certain things on certain stations and day time tele cables different
Your hugs,3
Please order my new official cd and t shirt for only 15.00 it's going to benefit the world and my music !
brain hurting from so much new information uploaded.
Game on with Diego's Umbrella.
First stop Arcata.
i heart you, sheila!!!
miss you already, but thrilled about the future.
hugs...
These are the favourites of most consumers of Nutrisystem diets
Summer!
RT : Warning Downtown Chicago doctorvers..
Bridges start going up at 8am.
The Boating Season begins!
someday i want to be well known around the world but not for bad reasons
yeah Memphis is the only one that can stop themselves.
lol.
is a singer from indonesia, my country.
she's so talented.
Tomorrow we are hosting their 3rd Annual Community Baby Shower for over 400 new  expecting mothers
we will become masters of the
Got my first monday of school tomorrow XP
I can't with Jefferson Mall!
well seriously, iso is for a reason!
I just can't believe that's legal to do in the first place.
so freaking true!
Hate when kids are halfway through a project and I question the purpose/focus of why I assigned it to begin with...
ugh
at UniversityofIllinois for MothersWeekend lol.
It's beautiful here!
.
This has just steeled my resolve to call out all the settler racism I see and hear today at MayDay events in NYC.
What would Lincoln have done, had he been given SUPREME CONFERENCE POWER?
Probably joined the Missouri Valley Conference.
caffeine: check.
nicotine: check.
thc: check.
ready to start my day!
Ive past my bad habits on to my sister
Happy Birthday, Allie!
New Glows T Shirts on the way from the great !
This time they WILL glow in the dark!!!
Waiting for your husband to finish night shift is like waiting for Santa.
The sooner you go to sleep the sooner he'll be here!
That awkward moment when your gum randomly falls out your mouth
RT:Publishers need 2 digitally disrupt themselves to survive.
Half the INMA room wnt survive McQuivey
as it should be, lol.
is back on twitter for the first time in agesdamn facebook distractions!
How to make train travel viable in America?
Give passenger trains right of way over freight.
you know I just joking.
:
GREAT SEE NOW i have to leave.
lololol
she was on mad men.
Her lines were as flat as ever and she talked about snacks.
Damn some people use twitter as a damn confessional I'm this I'm that I never did this OK WE GET IT!
Oh yeah!
I booked my first under five on a new show called HOLLYWOOD HEIGHTS!
Shooting Monday  Happy weekend all!!
So glad to be off one more day and its tha weekend !
Join us now in the Earprint booth 301 for a conversation with Sandy Goldberg, Catherine and Jason on SFMOMA's 75th bday tour
Thanks for the feedback...we're continuing to evolve the site this year and will certainly take that to heart...
Girls nowadays bro.
Hop off my dick not everything revolves around you hoe.
RT : Visit us on March 28.
Were demonstrating our Cloud Security and Monitoring technology.
its like when i read those notes i wanted things to be back to what it was but then i rememberd what you said to me.
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect.
It means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
Bout to get on my money makin mission
SLOTOROFF IS MINE
Just saw the longer version  it's excellent!
Wish Milw.
viewer's could see it.
Congratulations!
540 straight up 389 cash and its still gonna go up more.
Fuck Tampa Bay.
Boston deserves the Wildcard
Headed to the cupcake shop!
Elton from Clueless / the guy who is now in Law  Order is here wasn't he also in 6ft Under?
I'm talking about his roles that matter.
: Have you EVER looked at your best friend  thought, why the fk are we not COMEDIANS dude?!
thanks Dude!
Just realized I used the wrong they're.
:P It's late.
so maury can keep makin that showtime monaayyy
NY, you have my heart 3
U played a great job don't beat urself up
Good luck this weekend!
MyCSU is ready for a RAM victory!
so i'm kinda jealous of you right.
traveling to London and going to see Kanye.
have fun though :
Are you there Chef?
It's me menopause.
Huffington Post
Good night all.
Take care of each other.
Retweet if u love God and your not ashamed to say it lol follow me and I will def follow u back;
If you think Sergio Martinez could bet Matweather you are sadly mistaken.
Martinez doesn't think in a fight and takes too many risk.
Still doesn't make sense.
His toughness was missed.
Especially with Shaw out.
Bickell  Stalberg too soft.
i am free tomorrow YES!
RT : Tweet your questions about web a11y legal issues using accessu and i'll try to answer them in my 11:00 class.
If you could design the best musical mashup of ALL TIME, what two songs would you put together?
Business gathering tonight in Atl w and one of best friends Rastafari real Ras MARLEY ..
Come see us Atl
Were you on H4?
I was umpiring the baseball game on H2 last night!
Utley says no pain when he swings.
Took grounders on a field for first time today.
Still pain there.
No timetable.
Matt Gelb
I guess my cat thinks it's okay to just stare at me no matter what.
I used to like my neighbors.
Until they put a PASSWORD ON THEIR WIFI..
Zero sleep this weekend, and now i can barely keep my eyes open.
WorkFlow then appointment later with a designer in Newark :
This is worth creating a bogus email addoctorss over for sure.
You know, for the experience, and the good pictures.
Hah.
When you catch an adjective, kill it.
Mark Twain
Clients use Vcube Seminar to market and promote their products to over 10,000 people LIVE or OnDemand.
Progressivism is a political attitude favoring or advocating changes or reform through governmental action.
had feeling once he got to def jam the records would just be okay
The past ought to be left 30 seconds ago, the problem is that most of us let that past dictate how our next 30 seconds will turn out!
Interesting Read  Guilty: Liberal Victims and Their Assault on America
Well I know can't wait to see you!
And thank you for all your help!
Registrations for me are going strong!!
I've written 3 letters today.
Doing my share in keeping the Postal Service alive ;
i'm so happy you guys are finally starting to crack america!!!
i'm so upset i can't see you guys in NY :
SURE!!
What would u like
Issue with collecting vintage clothing...
it's all tailored for midgets and anorexics.
sorry i just had to :
Fun fact about Martin Brodeur, he cheated on his wife with his sisterinlaw.
Its true, I swear!
Journalist David Kirkpatrick in his book Facebook Effect says that this social media site is the traditional water cooler on steroids.
We have a culture problem, not an education problem.
Dean Kamen
Just signed up for the Improv101 intensive Jan.
2nd7th  UCB!
So excited!
So confused right now.
Kudos to 's Steve Handel for passionate remarks on the CompletionArch and the desire to serve our nation's
very cool.
Love those once in a life time experiences.
And you really call yourselves my friends
when did we get a new one?
Well that wasn't so bad.
Assuming its over.
It's cold now!!
Well baby is sleep and I'm not sleepy soo..lol I'll watch tv!!!
Congrats at the VMAs tonight!!!!!!
You definatley deserved it!!!
Proud to be a belieber3 Love and support u ALWAYS!!!!!333
but ebgames is doing a midnight release?
why wait till 10 am?
RT : Raising awareness for colon cancer, thanks to John Hovel, a survivor for joining us and doctor Kirk Ludwig for the facts
hard to keep smiling.
But i'm trying.
Any dcfoodtrucks interested in selling
There's almost nothing worse in life than a Maroone commercial.
your store rep was supposed to cancel my BB service in Jan when I got a nonBB.
Your online chat won't refund for this error.

welcome to our hood!
what are you gonna order?
Need suggestions?
knows the deal 
follow me back spencer 3
Me too!
Feel free to forward tweets to help educate me  much appreciated if you do!
;
lmfao, oh :p
RT To BWI in 20 mins thanks to all my friends for all the great discussions at this am's taiga7 dlfforum ciao charm city
I had prob the best night ever, couldnt get any better then this : LikingHer :
what are u doing for St.
Patty's??
Happy Birthday welcome to the best decade!
Work smarter, not harder.
Day one a success
board games bored games
I've vacationed at Portland and Kennebunkport Maine.
I went in early June, a bit nippy then but fun  lots of cheap lobster
you an me both
Bad thing about the weather being nice enough for open windows: my neighbors smoke stinks up my house.
Just ordered my books for school :
Shut up.
Have you seen Man U?
Uhm are they in any finals?
No.
Shut up.
I'm excited for Prom omg.
No!
But I got out an hor ago.
we can't wait!
That twinge of depression when you see that someone that you cared about so much is with another person.
Good morning world, let this be a great  successful day!!
:D
Please don't speak Congresswoman Bachmann.
It makes me cringe.
Morning jog...happy Saturday everyone :
In too deep, can't think about givin it up.
Never knew love would feel like a heart attack.
Never thought love would hurt this fucking bad.
Yes Def.
I'm Down  I'm going to be in LA in 3 weeks so that's perfectly fine with me 
Could i get an invite?
I'd love to try out the service
I just had to take a picture I guess that's what you get at Plainfield!
Good Morning Tweets!!!
: If i wanted to hear that song i'd put it on myself.
Theres a reason why you're wearing headphones.
.
.
Ecc rudolph
wait I just got this did I miss you!?
I'm confused!
like a glove.
someone is ready a weekend full of doctorving.
you should find out your imposter too.
With all the problems in our community, fake twitter accounts should be priority
Just noticed my husband has more twitter followers than Ray Park.
This fangirl is impressed.
Eating oysters in grand central stationabout to see the model as muse MET exhibit and billy elliot
In Joliet.
This is an awesome town.
They have very nice people.
Who's here?
Love is like a fruit you can not pick when it is not ready
omg yes I play it on repeat 24/7.
I wana go back.
That show was FREAKIN AMAZINGG
Miss Eveything You Used To Be.
TEARS RT : You need gastric bypass RT : i need 8,000 followers
my Jagermeister shirt brought me luck on my midterm today :
A new day and new houses on the market.
Buy without a mortgage and you get the best deals in Miami Metro
woohoo!!
Thanks so much :
agreed.
this weekend is looking pretty nice though!
Hey i checked out your myspace  you are an amazing singer.
: are you on youtube.?
Don't forget, we will be at the TN State Fair at 7:00 on Thurs.
Come get yourself a corndog!
Photographing graves in the Decatur Historic Cemetery.
Thinking about digital projects for it.
Nice summary.
Thanks, !
you're thinking of
i'm feeling a little under the weather, sore throat.
Any suggestions to getting well quicker??
Sir Elton was not amused.
Great comeback Madonna.
One two punch with those guns she's sportin'.
cleared up a question I've asked my whole life..
why do they hate?
Chris, thanks, man.
You're the best.
Hey, I'm working in Oro Valley and I'm moving to Tucson.
TUPLE still active?
I feel kind of bad for Nick Collins...
wish him the best.
when he got injured last season I knew it would be tough for us to repeat
2 haha i think parents in general are
So Madison loses the girls state bball tournament for the next two years but keeps the boys tourney til 2020.
Sounds like a win for Alvarez.
that's awesome;
if the world fucking ends and i dont meet 1D.....
Girls Night Out with my friend Polly!
Margarita's are calling :
RT lmao RT My phone dies faster then a black guy in a horror movie.
Snuggling with my baby girl watching Tinkerbell.
Shoulda spent my birthday with BayBay3
Click LIKE if you've ever done this: Checked Facebook.
Closed computer.
Picked up phone.
Checked Facebook again.
: watched Celebrity Sex Tape last night Hilarious!!!
AEKDB
Al Horford went HAM tonight for ATL.
Man, did they miss him.
The C's are in trouble if that ATL big 3 gets hot together
We have iTunes/Starbucks giftcards for EVERYONE that complete our scavenger hunt!
Come to booth 318!
Trust your gut feeling...
it rarely ever lies
include me too please!!!
or are you watching a race...?
Ready 4 the world...
Tomorrow, I will be on a field trip with 200 screaming 2nd graders, so I won't be able to remind you that UE claims were revised up.
Again.
I love freebies
having a super daydoing paper work to SAG  Boring
Looking for new snack ideas for our family.
Do you have snacks for people with food allergies?
God is near to the brokenhearted.
I'm going to stick with the Novice since the 1/2 isnt till October just to be safer
I often text people really obnoxious stuff and then immediately forget about it and I'm kinda embarrassed when they do or don't text me back
NFL is like crack.
Even bad football fans will go watch.
look at the Browns.
I'm so nervous to meet his friends, This was a lot easier in high school.
yes it is a very pretty face.
We really do.
I'm in desperate need of some Desperate Housewives!
Create your own happiness :
Thanks!
If it's on FB it's official I guess ;
Happy Monday!
285 was shut down most of the morning, so for those stuck in traffic, I feel your pain.
Haha and rocking it, I'm sure!
// RT: : Wearin a flower in my hair tonight like I'm :
Thanks Guys!
I just might, sir.
I just might.
I gotta watch Desperate Housewives tonight.
just found u on YouTube thru Chelsea ur one silly funny bitch proud to have an asian like u
I got bored so I copped some boat shoes.
The Internet is dangerous.
Alshflajeoafnalahejqlfixjeuqlndjelqnd IT'S TODAY
Today is definitely one of those Pony tail days
1st day to sleep in Im up at 730!
Better than 6.
Time to pick up the last few items to bring on the Christmas cheer Wrapping paper  booze!!
you haven't follow me :/ RT : followed :D
At Metro now.
Not going to sleep till the rangers caps game is over...
Lol
With Gratitude The Universe is Eternally Abundant!
Be Content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.LTzu
Yes.
But we need better installation stories for Mac and Windows.
thanks for the reporting/speculation, sherlock.
Tony Plush!
Beast mode!!
Then they will follow my decrees and and be careful to keep my laws.
They will be my people, and I will be their God.
Ezekiel 11:20
The Z on TV, critic David Zurawik Wednesday 1 pm
I know I haven't tweeted on this account for a while.
Haha
truthbetold I miss you, truthbetold I'm lying.
with all the MVP talk...
When is it announced?
Haha!RT : :How is it possible to lose a remote control for the tv in a or bedoctorom housedid you check in your ass?
Is Melo gonna show up?
Watching the voice finale ahh it's amazing
I'm so glad I won't have to read 100 posts today saying May the 5th be with you.
Remember 2 get ur blue light bulbs out  Light it up Blue for Autism Awareness on April 2nd.
Pass it on.
hehe : I'm pretty freaked out right now..
I'm positive my house is haunted ..
you're so cynical, you couldn't have me, I didn't want you, you're selling me out to the girl I can't afford to lose
how cool is that.
I love the use of backchannel for student voice as well, they can contribute without having to be called upon.
Miley is our sexy queen..
All charges doctorpped from my client, thank goodness.
Former HoustonDynamo Ricardo Clark scores in the 98th minute to win the match against Venezuela 10!
USMNT.
Congrats to !!!
haha..
I turned it off so I could learn to type without staring at the keyboard.
I don't trust TMZ so won't believe it until CNN says so
if u r checking your twitter: I'm trying 2 write a paper using your manifesto  I don't know which pronouns to ref.
you by, halp?
My Stomache just cussed me out !
Just saw your tweet to  not sure what the screenshot means, but our team can help get your support needs met!
the day berg makes, 4 all yall who were crackin askin how long he been on his way, im pissin on all yall
Amazing job on A Football Life featuring Reggie White and Jerome Brown!
Just wrote and recorded THE most fucking awesome acoustic song...this one will definitely be on our full length!!!
miss ya more....u gotta come visit for memorial day
bith r u retard??
Yea it gets the point aross at any rate!
:
Is Texas really about to go to another WorldSeries?
Come on Detroit!!
Who's watching the game tonight?
Who are you guys rooting for?
THANK YOU!
So mad I missed it.
RT : On campus at UWM for Broke Students Dining presentation.
are you still on here or what?
You're still an egg for crying out loud...
holding my warm scripts right off the printer before makes me so happy!!
wov12 finds itself in many technical challenges doctorven by competitive challenges per Yvonne Schneider
Where you been mayne?
Hey guys we are going to peachtree mall today at 5:30 to sell some CDs if you want one come get one!!
Got a loaf in my hand while im cutting up the traffic laughin at u bumz while im pushing up my glasses
The oldest wetlands preservation site is 22 years old!
What?
Movie Night,;D
gotcha.
Thx.
Well get caught right in the middle of the typhoon!
You know those days when you're too lazy to put on pants.
Annette Bening and Ed Harris are on campus today filming Look of Love  Oxy's latest screen appearance.
thanx girl!
I txted u earlier!
I'm out
Wait a sec.
Did Daniels start out saying that there's a lot wrong with the state of our union, and then end by saying there's nothing wrong?
miss you too!
Have the kind of fun tonight that you can regret tomorrow
thank you for following me!
California, for ex: water use consumes 19 of the state's electricity, 30 of it's natural gas,  88 billion gallons of diesel fuel Yearly.
Who has questions?
Pedicure and dinner out tonight!

Zayn Malik may have stopped smoking, I don't know  I honestly don't care.
But before you consider smoking think about the damage
Good Night and Sweet doctorams people : I love you so much!
interesting way to organize content.
Feel like there is some wasted space here though.
The sun goes down the stars come out and all that counts is here and now.
My universe will never be the same.
I'm glad you came
It was you.
Hahaha.
Still a Barca and Messi fan!
Did you see the Juventus/Roma game from today?
Two goalsfirst 10 minutes by Juv
thanks for the interest  the feed shows up on the front page of our bracket website
the world is mine, can't you see,I'm just trying to be all I can be
tuesday, the sun is out, great morning, lots to do!
You don't have to know it all to succeed but you darn well better know you don't.
Steve Keating CSE
I used Soap Guy soap to bathe the dog  now she's clean AND she smells great!!!
Either way I say Manhattan metro wins haha.
OK, Linsanity  I'm in.
vegas anytime give me a call for bottle service or guestlist  Rehab, Vanity, LAX, Pure Wet republic 413 530 0621 VIP Marketing Host AMG
Books  the best antidote against the marshgas of boredom and vacuity.
George Steiner
Excellent.
Thanks.
I can't always carry the conversation!
been trying to hit Tamarind for a while now...maybe this weekend.
I wish would get up so we could look at lights!
..
she reminds me why I broke up w/ her ass !
Would YOU invest in your organization?
Your own hardearned cash.?
What about your time, passion, bst?
and some black eyed peas??
ask him that!!!!
Are you having a viewing party to celebrate the premiere of Small Business on Comedy Central?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!
LOL!!
Add the music of course.
I like to party.
WHoa.
That's a whole lot of trade coverage.
And we like it!
right about when reality shows got popular.
We lost using verbs properly around that time too.
Those sunday nights you spend with your family channel surfing..
Today is a magic day, with no meetings in it.
Yet.
Np Women Lie, Men Lie
We love making new friends :
Yeah, I could probably meet you a little after that somewhere.
YES 600 pages of just arrived in my mailbox WITH Adele on the cover.
Very cool.
I'll have to take a look.
All your stuff is top knotch.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Albert Einstein
I fell rather spectacularly down a set of slippery stone steps today and my backside looks like the grande finale of a fireworks display.
I freely admit that lemmatize was not part of my vocabulary until recently.
Here's to learning something new every day!
Saturday May 12th virtuoso pianist Eric Genuis Lares Restaurant and Jimmy  Charity Azadian invite you to help us www.bringhollywoodhome
he's interviewing all hot chicks?
It's total potluck over there.
Their playlists are anarchic and weird.
Love that.
just saw your roommate at a party
Its 8th grade formal.
I don't want to see the damn picture!
Small hinges swing big doors.
yeah, Miami is the best!!!
Feliz Día de los Muertos!
Who are you remembering today?
I'm thinking about my husband's 13yrold golden retriever.
The best dog ever.
My 14 year old brother was just screaming like a girl coz he lost in a game.
And this is exactly why I'm avoiding political chatter.
irritated u justdont do that shit...
When was the last time you changed your filters in your house/apt?
can i please have a follow Miss Grande?
Loves Saturday  Can I get a standing O for the weekend please??
Thank you!!
Could be the sickest Boom Bap session ever tonight at 9:30midnight.
5
dayum goes to the Groove Jones  first track caught my attention instantly  who made the beat to that
: Wat up bro.
Stay on dat grind.
Good Luck
Exactly, more bang for your buck.
Good Morning ParkerVegas attendees!
is open 4 business.
Stop by booth 727  get a FREE sample kit b4 they're gone.
DailyHookahTips 77: Some very strongly scented liquids can add a slight flavor note to the smoke.
whats up jasmine
Thru three innings at Miller Park.
Only baserunner has been Nori Aoki.
Twice.
Single and triple.
Brewers 0, Cubs 0.
a lil exhausted....bored...gotta wake up early  ugh :/
the outfits there doe  ah!
that's your show  Lmaooo nothing much, just tweetin'  on facebook 
Got done with my English paper , Now Spanish !
/:
Trust me, I'm not.
So stop criticizing me and go live your own pathetic life.
just iPad for LTE.
I love ATT as a voice/3G carrier, especially in Milwaukee.
I need Snow White and the Huntsman in my life now.
are your iPad cases in any US stores yet?
Sipping on beer enjoying my day off SaWeet
The World is a Gift...watched a nest of sea turtles hatch tonight and helped to be sure they all made it to the ocean!
you've been on maury 8 times  you still can't find the right baby daddy?
Awesome!
Be sure to find us and say hi.
We really appreciate you helping to spread the word.
Love me if you know what it means, and ill be as strong as you need me to be
can't wait for it!
: Killer turbokick class this morning Round 50 is gonna be off the hook!!
sweet wine and date myself night.
way better than staying in and crying over the 1yr anniversary that we didn't make it to.
Go team BUNNY.
idk cuz I wath Francesca to be with us please
the kickstarter campaign was not as successful as hoped for, but BACK TO LAST NIGHT is back on track and better than ever
The fascinating Brian Selznick is reading from his new novel Wonderstruck!
Playing The End tonight with DocHoneyPunch/Scott Revey.
Gonna get funky.
there's an att education hackfest coming up in a month, I can send you the info
it's their rules...crazy Apple people.
Crazy how my family is the one throwing the dirt.
Hah!
Think I had enough last night...
omg that made me so sad for a second
I hope we go out to eat tonight.
I'm so very worried.
Stop making shitty choices.
Honey Cocaine is a G...got shot last week and she's performing at the show.
Swag lol
Gunnar and i just pushed to the front.
Challenge accepted
omg if u do please tell me!!: and I used windows movie maker:
I'm great.
Gonna just relax today and put some food on the grill later.
Don't fuck with me.
A nigga don't play.
I ain't bout that life son.
nce11Bud Spillane I've been coming to nce for over 40 years and have never seen such an ovation
Agree  RT Social media is becoming our news outlet.
For those who use it, it already is.
heres the new show's twitter site
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not get one worded answers.
I said the same thing
Ask us about our coupon for 100 off air duct cleaning for the whole house.
It expires March 3!
Hello Friend!
So sorry we were out of the loop this month.
We should get together soon!
Have a happy weekend o
Here's a question that we recently received about jealousy and trust
She a lady in the streets ; a smut in the apartment...
Plus she can even twist a L while she parallel parkin...
Yes!
RT Spo on :He made MVP plays on both sides of the court, particularly in the 4 quarter when we needed some relief.
np Boyfriend  Justin Bieber
You know when you're sitting down and you fart and it rolls to the front?
LOL
np The Lazy Song Bruno Mars
Apple Dev Support diligently working to resolve my issue since Monday: my app doesn't appear when searching App Store by keywords or name!
New topic  Stepup ring for fitting filters on the 50200.
6772mm is ok, right?
i have that magic skill of putting out fires with my fingers hahah
Ganoderma is a powerful herb.,cleanses the system , decreases allergies and inflammation.doctornking the coffee or tea aids in weight loss!
When you doctorp something and it lands on the other side of the room.
DA FUQ!?
Are you a Team Coyote Member?
It's free  you get discounts on parts and accessories for life!
Get in here and get your card today!!!
While mobile touch screens seem elegant, it is a bit odd to watch people petting their smartphones.
what's the next intput trend?
Awake like always
We're practically twins.
It IS very confusing.
Anything good in it?
Broaden your horizon.
RT Since GHWB AmeriCorps has had bipartisan support, how will you keep NationalService a shared US priority?
boom boom boom boom boom boom
What's up, friend!
Holding it down in Chicago.
When is your world tour rolling through?!
lol I wish I could.
What a beautiful day for my bday....
Apple support just saved my bacon!
Lost a file with 3 years of info in it...
River Pools  Spas doctormatically Increases Organic Traffic
long car rides make for interesting conversations
It's beautifull out!
:D
Get me a present?;
Does your book have a new release date?
So far we got phillies sfgiants reds and twins RT : Baseball!
Who's your team and how far will they go?
Got a new haircut...looks Hawwtt ; :D
Have a good time/safe trip heading back home.
Staying in DSM?
And you can watch the bowl game with fellow Hawks.
These people are acting like I am the worst doctorver they've ever doctorven with
It's not tacky, or at least no one gave me a hard time when I submitted myself for PyCon or PloneConf....
I get in late Wednesday.
Let's hangout Thursday during the day, I have nothing to do!
The people who bought my Pap's truck are from Wisconsin
amen to that !
dailygrindisnumba1!
I hate when your teacher calls home 
It's Ash Wednesday and the first day of Lent.
Whatever you do, don't give up beer because the start of Beer Week is just 2 days away!
We leave for AAO11 tonight.
Who's excited for the convention?
Have you caught the new episode yet??
Hit us with the feedback!
you too, Bman!!
amen!
I'm lucky enough to her once a week here in Norcal.
The guys BS
i see you!
Stay up with tonight while we prepare for the twins party.....www.eeparty.tumblr.com
Waking up  feeling like shit...
seems to be on the no rest for the wicked plan
My names Sydney and I'm a big loser!
:
Getting 12 hours of sleep
Come see at booth 2429 I'm at TxLA12 w/
: I think its funny when ppl say i got ur girl on my arm.
U can have my sloppy seconds yo lol POW PUNCH LINE 
the sun shining bright, but it's cold af out
ANDYMATCHETTANDTHEMINKS are going to tear it up!
Have fun!
Team Skejballs is at Tough Mudder today!
Get excited!
22 strong!
i did; you dm now3
Can't wait to walk this 5k bright and early tomorrow morning
Only A Holes wear red to a football match!
I will be in NYC this week, anyone I should connect with?
ii LOVE twitter, its like my online DIARY lol !
Turned in my YA Novel to Harper.
Some magic happened in the writing of this book.
Can't wait for it to come out next yr.
that's funny cause I remember watching you when I WAS in high school.
As a wise man once said.
Kiss my Ass!
Nonanswer.
Hm ...
was wondering if you were the third base coach that day?
Yeah...
too small.
3 other Democratic candidates registered in the GAB for the 18thAssemblyDistrict.
Time to continue to work hard.
A week after DiPShit whines about having Kurt Warner on after just had, he has Romo on right after Colin does
I REALLY wanna go see cirquedusoleil this week at Like REALLY REALLY wanna go.
How many student photographers  filmmakers do we have following us?
The projected new cover of MissWorld is influenced by the late High Risk Books and will be utilizing the concept of the dead girl.
Having a great time and meeting terrific people at Penn State's rhet/comp conference.
Presentation over  time for an adult beverage.
Screw it.
Care to expand?
why does my twitter not log off
Watch out for them sneak attaxes!
WAKE WEED LEGAL!
Wonder what the college kids parents think of their kids protesting?
Any out there?
RT : SPF is important for your child  skin cancer development can originate as far back as early childhood
Good morning 
Military official rules out terrorism in Iligan City blast
Only 17 more days of school :D fingers crossed for north next year
At McDonalds got a bacon cheese burger
glad you had a good day!
I mean now they barely communicate with us at all.
It stinks...
I don't think that was fair.
We are losing them.
D:
I bought a Time Machine!
Ok, I bought a Watch 
The best kinds of laughter:1Laughing so hard ur laugh becomes silent.
2Feeling a sixpack coming3Tears coming from ur eye.
RT : luv u babe  Ur the best EVER!
On my way to Cali.
Holy crap I miss doctorving!
More hilarity, please!
got caught with 30 rocks the cop looked like alec baldwin
St.
Cloud is a small town.
At least they're picking up NCOE.
Their big sister town of Mpls/St.
Paul shows no sign.
Sigh!
im so confused now .
awesome.
u insomniac?
RT Evolution is inevitable,resistance is futile.
Sustainability might change,but not stop,the process
I hope you're feeling better!
He's my best friend  the love of my life
So glad requested my full!
After reading his book I really think we'd make a great lit match!
He RT'd my rev!
Fangirl moment!
love that song!!!!
Can't afford a coach but want to work w/one?
Contact me.
I'm putting together a group coaching program that will be affordable for everyone.
O'Malley never really gets tired of raising taxes, does he?
I have no words for how amazing The Avengers was.
This is what an ensemble movie should look like.
April 30th we have a at the Mad Hatter who is coming?
Everybody loves Lexi, everybody hates April ;
Im here...Get use to Me
happy thursday everyone!!!!..be safe and god bless you to all..
true, sorry!
Super jealous!
Have fun in my city and cheer for my team!!!
being held in whales I thought the Ryder cup should be a mid summer thing!
Thanks!
Its good to be here!
RT : Tune in to the season finale of 4th and Forever  tonight at 9/8c on Current TV must watch TV!
Pretty much the last person in the world I want advice from on raising my daughters is John Mayer.
My idea to help creative brainstorming, which I called ScotchdoctornkingTuesday, was shot down.
Devastating.
Come to find out ...
he's no good
lololol I'm making gross noises
and that they have truly understand their responsibility if/when they do ask for help
Just did!
LOVE IT!
: You know you're in a bad businessman's hotel, when 'Barbara Ann' is on constant rotation and the filet costs 36.
Engaging the public in scholarship, engaging the student in the public through open coursework
i think rest of America needs to hear ur opinion about it ha
Both of you should look at Twicca.
It's by far my favorite twitter app.
Not to be rude or anything, but people are really stupid at times.
and my mash up  complete, total, and utter success!
Hi Teabaggers!
Welcome to wiunion tag today.
BTW, we're still voting en masse for Kloppenburg no matter how much BS you type!
We're in and ready whenever you are!
is the email associated with our Skype.
New season?
This early in the day?
I usually embrace mother nature.
But because of her timing, fuck her
Do you ever click on Facebook ads you hate, just to throw off their numbers?
I do.
Happy Halloween!
Make it safefun!
See you soon !
I'm torn!
I want to hang 8 but then I realize that this is the last time these players will play !
There almost like my own kids!
I love how you push me away .
Right on!
oh definitely.
Without a doubt.
You need to get shitstorm crazy.
Get harden out the game.
3.
Speed/performance are much better than visual consistency.
Team Herrera, we are just two hours from victory!
Head to the polls and then join us at our victory party at The Mighty.
Thank you for abundance.
I haven't been able to access the website for a while, and I have no idea what's wrong, can you help?
Slide over here, let your hands feel the way, there's no better method to communicate...
3
I agree with this sentiment.
ahh yes, going back to the days when people through computer hacking was cool, like Hackers or Swordfish
I hate lying ass muthafuckas.
Especially when they get caught and still try to lie.
RT .
OK, folks, it's cold outside this morning.so that means you go to StubHub  unload your Blackhawks tickets at great prices.
And I thought today was going to be a good day.
Please follow me??
I would kinda make my whole year!!!!!
:
from S.Casper: Jimmie G has let me off the leash at the dog park for the bits in Catalanos play.
Caution to first rowyou may get wet.
Just finished the rough cut for the Senior Piece!
It's gonna be pretty boss, just saying.
true but we means you/me, hardcore sports ppl...this isn't about us but we'll still watch
Welcome to ABC Senerick Greer and Chris Warren.
Come to Chicago!
Getting sushi for dinner from SushiPDX food cart!!
Yum!!
I had more a problem with freeman last night than Marshall its definitely not tight.wasnt expecting a problem at right back too.
Ive never tweeted this much in eurhythmics.
Cheers for quiz days.
hate it when it turns into a not in service bus.
seems like it's all the time.
have you tried out the presskit.to?
so many sites, so little time :
It feels like spring today!
3
Finally getting a chance to indulge in one of my guilty pleasures and watch the last episode of Dancing With the Stars.
whats a good and cute and werid but not to werid name?
awesome!
God bless you!
: MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She followed me on Twitter.
AMEN LMAO XD
But today it's for bad music.
That feeling you get when you feel like you're about to get a cold.
Ugh.
Any suggestions for preventing this cold?
And I've been reading a lot of light books and needed something a bit more mentally challenging.
:
The smash Williams character on Friday night lights is an inspiring one.
I really enjoy this show.
Shame on NBC for canceling it so early.
In the shape of thing to come, too much poison, come undone '8.
that sucks.
What's wrong?
Quote of the day: ...Jesus will save the economy.
some chick at a Santorum convention.
As heard on NPR.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger .
Wow, mine is totally different
Lindsay Lohan in Playboy BORING.
In my opinion she's nothing special.
Sofia Vergara would be something to talk about!
doctornk the taste of madison.killer eats yall
Ready for sleep already.
Just got home and got off work at 5:22pm.
Traffic blows.
hey sticky, what's up ?
:
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED!!
SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
now Real Estate Tiny Desk Concert
With these hot days, be sure to keep cool with our handcrafted cocktails.
Try the Scudetto: Pineappleinfused gin, Campari and egg white
Have a good one
The combination of DahvieVanity and 's voices is like an orgasm in my ear ;3
Use social media to protect your brand's rep.
Utilize SEO, pos/neg mentions to help translate.
lol I'm n Dallas
it sucks!
hey I can't pull up?
Thanks for info!
sandplay, similar to art therapy allows dual use, or am I misunderstanding.
i agree that MS students ESPECIALLY need an intercative, student cetered class where the teacher is a facilitator and tech helps
Just saw a woman getting her shoes shined.
That's a first.
FREE Carson Dellosa Clip Art
can you pick up Dave tomorrow?
Free delivery from any restaurant in yoiur area with your donation of 7 nonperishable food items for the Oregon Food Bank.
Coupon code...
not worse den da hot 30 piece put on yall in intermurals....
Tasteful nudity is flacid nudity.
thanks for adding us to your events!
These guys are GREAT!
RT : Looking forward to the weekend.
in the house.
only around you.
;
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity.
Euripides
it will never happen again!
I know you'll be taking Charlotte to the house tonight!
Go
finals are now upon me since I have them this week and not during the real finals week...bye social networking
Well.
That's unexpected.
Apparently I'm a Viking.
Read Daily Golf Joke NOW!
www.ICUGolfStories.com  My Great Grandfather had been playing golf whenever possible for over 78 years...
My grandpa is staying the night tonight because I'm to scared to be alone.
aka Childish Gambino has a song with that's fucking insane.
Where's the CDQ at?
20  30 off unique handbags at Tous all weekend.
W.tous.com
A listing for a Senior Librarian at the National Geographic Society just came across my twitter feed.
I may have peed myself.
Just lost a huge pot in the WSOP circuit 1k.
27 left.
Let's go!!
ft lauderdale
I don't do doctorgs, I just really enjoy the smell of cocaine.
I'm scoping out criminals.
Shut it bitch unless your mouth is open for a good old sock'en
Aw man, how did you get in?
Everyone who has it seems to find it irresistible.
You can have many distractions online too :P
we went to Colorado over winter break!
you know him?
Met my geometry and world history/english teachers for the first time.
Awkward.
My phone autocorrected the word beets to beers in case you're wondering if I'm gonna be eating my fucking vegetables today.
Why are black people afraid of chainsaws?
Ready, set, go!
Answer in an hour.
I agree!
It should be leveraged as ONE aspect of a social media plan.
studio down for a min.
but i will be back soon wit some super hott ish!!!
Sean Pizo
Mom brought home 8 magazines to look at that she picked up on her trip...got them all for free.
Omg and Britany and Cheyenne and Dan are so pretty
of course!
i'm pretty sure people are trying to kill me tonight.
Thanks for the shoutout!
The Google URL Builder gets great when you can measure eCommerce revenue from each campaign!
definitely not, typing hurts!.
Have you tried a chiropractor?
Ha!
Ouch, that stung a little.
just walked past on 4th.
You there?
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weighin!
She's lost 7.5 pounds so far.
the long shadows
Excellent point about the housing market.
What a clusterfuck that is / continues to be.
iLikePeopleWho respect and trust the choices women make about their bodies.
1/2 priced sushi rolls tonight...maybe a little sake at hh?
Going to pick up my mom from the airport tonight!
congrats on copyblogger mention  you are a rock star!
RT : I hate reading.
Sb is over.
Back to Norman.
Not sure of I'm ready to take on this week from hell.
I'll definitely doctorp by!
Dont you be holding back your love ...
Steve Jobs was the Thomas Edison of our time.
He will be greatly missed.
Looking at everyone's status updates you'd swear 95 of people are self loathing psychopaths or neglected attention whores.
GGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH !
school in the morning D; just got home.
night 
Thank you for answering me backLets keep each other in mind
RT Whenever someone says I'm not book smart, but I'm street smart, all I hear is I'm not real smart, but I'm imaginary smart
A doctor can bury his mistakes but a supplier based engineer can only advise the product designer to specify a heavier texture.
Mass.
US Sen.
Race Costliest In Nation So Far  WFMY News 2
Judging today's practice, Our training trip is going to be Hell on Earth
I have a craving for chipotle.
Where is the nearest chipotle?
that's sad so sorry Helen.
Maybe he'll show if we promise him a strawberrybanana smoothie...
Pablo out with another broken hamate bone.
Something bad happens to the Giants every time the Marlins are around.
Its easy i been singing since i was little just find the right voice coach and you got it :
yes yes!
I'm so excited!
I'm going to cry.
:'
Thanks for the huge knot on my head, mom.
I know you guys gotta have the scoop!
Is Justin Bieber the baby daddy?
if jimmy turns out to be a butt, i'm smacking him lol sorry harley :
Thanks for sharing it with your followers!
I love meeting people from all over the world on facebook and twitter.
Hugs and happy reading y'all!
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time TV were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Learning some cool songs on Harry 
Hi Deep...
you know Matt, I don't know where I'd be without Deep...
Murphy's law?
Or is that kind of luck something else?
She a playa fr fr , I'll give her that thou...
Can't wait to see the HungerGames tomorrow with my fave almost teen, with whom the whole thing started as an 11th bday gift.
Where's a good spot to get food from right now ppl?
And would be ever get to know the truth?
Finally got some sleep!
Why would you do that O.O
you too bro!
LIGHTHOUSES RULE!
Ever think ol' Pontius Gingrich would've told Jesus  the Apostles to take a bath and get a job?
ur growing up so fast!:'
Major cross streets are Sunset and Eastern near the airport.
Yes.
MT : You know those Dyson Airblade hand doctorers?
They should make a full body scale version for when you get out of the shower
I don't get mad anymore.
I learned to expect less from people...
even the ones I thought highest of.
Word, I said I was joking.
: Are you guys ever coming back to Kingman, Kansas?!
You should!
We will probably be in the MidWest in June!
Then my evil plan is complete.
Growth Pearl: Happiness isaligning what we think, say, and do.
Its about living a Growth in Motion lifestyle!
Start your Growth in...
GoTribe carlos santana is the 2 ranked catcher in all of the mlb going into 2012 per espn
we are working on a dinner and discussion at the halfway point, thank you for the interest, we'll keep you posted!
Hi Tweeps.
Can anyone direct me to finding the LeapPadExplorer?
That seems to be the hottest item on Christmastlists this year!
Hey!
Check out my new DP.
: Made it at Picnik.com.
:
Feel like I'm carrying a heavy words inside my chest ...
And it increase daily..
turn to loud scream out of my head !hurts!
stpatricksday is one of my faves  the parade in CHICAGO is intennssssse!
everyone is so doctornk lololol!
Glad to be Irish lol!
just clicked over how awesome!!!!!
Personal wellness: Marissa is walking us through some pilatesbased stress relief posture changes we can all make every day.
Cnt sleep.
My mind is fckin me senseless with all these crazy ass thoughts I hav running through my head.
We're on our way to SXSW!
What should we check out?
so how are you, beautiful?:
I wonder how authentic we are in this medium.
I wonder how authentic I am.
It's so easy to share only the best parts of myself.
Sounds much more appealing than cupnuts.
Don't lose it in the first quarter.
Win it in the fourth.
Fielder to the Tigers !
Not sure the fit when VMart returns but for now glad to see another Fielder in an Old English D
: Listening to many podcast episodes of The Moth and casting from New York into Pennslyvania.
The bugs are on the way.
Just uppotted 100 plants in prep for the upcoming plant sale to raise  for the From the Ground Up
I watch AroundtheHorn and see unbiased intelligent sports media men in Smith, Ryan, and Cowlishaw and wonder how Woody Paige is still on.
Geoffrey Chaucer He was as fresh as is the month of May.
haha, that's what I thought too when I saw it
no I don't!
I am craving a piece of meathavent had anything but chocolate  cheese in days!55 should buy dinner.art for soul, not food
Yesterday's commerical shoot for Fusion...a SUCCESS...look for photos from the shoot on our fb page at www.facebook.com/creativevisionsmedia
My mouth is full of Novacane :/
I was listening to your music  it was swaggerific.Btw sent me here:
Everybody needs to back off He made an innocent mistake.
What abt the students protesting the firing, even whn they knew facts.
i'll need a hard rock cafe shirt for sure, or planet hollywood.
Whatever's easiest.
see you can't stay mad
Wow, Atlanta weather in the Fall is awesome!
Shawna, I read some of your posts and I like them alot.
Especially the one about the modeling scams.
I am a model looking fo
Shoutout to the beautiful !!!!!!
Go follow her!:
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened.
Happiness never decreases by being
Just finished WWPR luncheon w amazing keynote speaker Kiki McLean.
Im excited to be a part of such a great organization!
If I RT that everyday for the rest of my life, it wouldn't be enough.
BTTFJOY!
What I'm experiencing right now can't be real 
as long as he's wrecking the red bulls, I say let him come....
Thanks man.
It's been exciting.
Just a small step, though.
Really looking forward to the next couple of months!
What could make today better for you?
How do you make the jump from good to great?
Without my glasses, I kinda feel blind!
But anyway, I've got DC to go to.
;3
you're Awesome Betty!!
Love ya!!
Keep Rocking!
Watts First Ever BLACK FRIDAY SALE.
Online only.
Save 10 on Friday, November 27th.
Free shipping on orders 150 www.georgewatts.com
lololol you are so LA bro!
then let's hang and play some games.
Haha
what was the hw??
Watching Hunter King.
Megan: hunter, how come u sneak passeys?
Hunter: cause when I close my eyes I just want something to chew on.
I'm most proud of my work with the Blood Scouts...
that's a lot of candy apples to sell!
AND a lot of razorblades!
You're right, it did have a digital context, but I like thinking about the ties between the two human/digital
Before everyone's crazy Friday night, come support the baseball team at home tomorrow at 5!
Final panel!
Data mining and non comsumptive uses of in copyright digital works!
Oh, Dear.
RT: The most amazing chart of the Supreme Court maybe ever.
thanks.
sounds like it will still be a while.
AskSiva Anything planned for Nath's birthday ?
;
I have to get back in football shape
Join the Women's Caucus for the Gala and Progressive Lobby Day with the  Email for info.
Jr Demus in the house
Now Following
Be thankful that you're alive.
Audience doctorma at AFI Fest: I hope you go home and die!
hisses the insane villain.
You're a monster!
shrieks the crazy old woman.
industry images in by Jeremy  Claire Weiss and Steve Davis
Anthony J.
D'Angelo We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet.
I mean get mad lol sorry my swype
Joshua and Philip??!333
I love west seattle!
Should be in our new home in a few days.
Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have joined forces to offer free online courses
God is going to do incredible things in your group through this series.
Don't hesitate to send us some stories.
Staff
The Redskins,again,found a way to snatch a defeat out of the jaws of victory,bums
Leftover Thai food and HarryPotter is all I need.
hell no!
: Tigers need to win!
come on Tigers!
thanks for the follow.
This time by john legend is bout to be da song
In order for you to get over a bitch, you gotta stop acting like one.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
still friends with my friends but not me ...
Weirdo
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty it's gon be some dominoes or spades being played
Dear Santa, next year can I have more sleep for Christmas.
off of work..
its hot.
Its on!!
Please bring your gently used coats by our warehouse for the campaign
9/11/01:That day will never be forgotten whether it's a day later, or a decade later.
Rest In Peace to all the lives lost.
God Bless the US
Reminded of just how good a songwriter Nicole Nordeman is...
Uncanny Canine
Can you point me in the direction of the Wedge criticism grounded in advanced stats?
No house elves, no dish faeries.
Only a husband cooks like the guy in the GE commercial.
And me.
awesome!
those are so cool!
Did you pick some up?
I'm just saying its fine by mee
Thanks for the RT!
We're just getting started over here, spinning your favorites al night long!!

I got to deal with it.
Brantley is just not meant to play football.
call me!
Ill tell you everything :
Wow, there's a long stretch of causeway between 11 years hard time and 80 hours community service.
Rihanna has a problem with keeping her hair one colour...
rs.
Are you sure that isn't the line for Burger King?
When a new book is published, read an old one.
Samuel Rogers
can i please get a follow back 3
Damn Michelle Oboma is fine, Prez got my vote just cause he got good taste
San francisco international airport!!!
Search Engine Optimization or Pay Per Click Advertising ...
Seven days without love makes one weak..
Damn Peyton Hillis smh....
the video game cover curse is real
Just got nauseous.
TSizzle out for the season?!?
the boy is his, from his first or second marriage.
I don't think she has any childoctorn from her first marriage.
if you want bieber updates that you never know follow me.......
: Raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies are the main reason i have trust issues land mines!!!
Gettin' down to business at Starry Nights!
Puppets, puppets everywhere, without an original thought to think...
followthepartyline it's easier than using your mind.
Thanks for the Follow!
Will do, although my editor might disagree come April 30th.
Check out that groupon for today
do you have to be repulsively ugly to be a model for your ads?
if so, i think i might have a new career.
let me know.
thnx
did a couple of hours ago.
Got a couple more interviews in.
Taking a snack/aspirin break now then back to the diss
Thank you for sharing your insight into social media with us  our partners across the state.
Very helpful for CAPM planning
Daily Tip: Report all crime to the police even if it is only an attempt.
Crime cannot be prevented if it is not reported.
RT : I have NEVER been so happy to hear Boogity Boogity Boogity, I'll probably complain about it next week
umm yes that show has been dead since rosci stepped on the stage!!
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
Thomas Edison
17 straight!
Looks like the team is peaking at the right time.
Ok so I'm getting ready to head into the studio to make clients fabulous but 1st gonna grab something to eat
: i am kinda happy again : lol
I need my daily dose of Brooke the BAMF.
I was defending him, Adam.
Pun intended.
Thanks to our sponsors !
We appreciate your support!
Thanks!
RT : FF to , for her insights on last night's and this morning on
RT : Thanks for the serious  replies to tweets that are obviously jokes, guys.
Everyone on Twitter really appreciates those.
The amount of tweets about women cooking is making me so happy right now.
W can't they simply suppress them?
If anyone wanted to put ins co's out of biz, they'd have passed public option or single payer.
Too late for that, maybe someday
Gelato isn't vegan?
Milk and eggs, bitch.
At a restaurant in ohare airport a woman just took a coffee mug full of wine to go
Just finished watching Without Bias Life is so fragile...
and sometimes you don't get an opportunity to bounce back from a bad decision.
LongBeach business of the week goes to for keeping our community healthy.
Great work!
I know!
I try to hold myself back from cockiness until it's all over ;
70?
Lmao u don't know
Too soon to know Karl.
Sorry.
FOLLOW THIS GIRL SHE IS THE BIGGEST MAHOMIE IN MIAMI
Finishing up a fantastic dinner So many great flavors and textures!
Can't wait to come back!
I don't know how people can live by themselves...
It's so depressing.
lol, I think my last one turned out a little too much like an elf.
Thats my bad!
Thanks for the follows!
lemme know if you're still there.
ThingsThatGetMeUpset vampire head
Rage makes it hard to concentrate on code.
this site is really really good.
thanks a lot!
I know right Netflix  Epic
hhahah all I have is strawberry!
Gosh that sounds so good though!
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood.
Dallas, Texas
How ironic.
That's what the AL East has been telling our team all season.
RT : ...I just told to F himself
Difficult to Elect?
Who are you speaking about ?
Surely, not
good morning to You too!
I am a blackberry fan, do you think that RIMM bounce back???
actually, he was CAUGHT at broadway and Michigan.
So you're right, that copy read incorrectly.
Will clarify.
Thanks!
All love shifts and changes.
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Julie Andoctorws
hm, you sound a little guilty to me...
sounds like you're an expert.
Hate to admit I've not yet eaten at Matyson.
We need to whip these blondes into shape.
RT : your legs are NOT broken!!!!
Our web site is now uptodate with all forthcoming shows for 2012, and we're still booking!
See you tonight in Dayton?
:
I am annoyed by the new Google Reader Layout.
All this white space and no definition between line items sucks.
Breathless by Asking Alexandoctora
Nice..
RT : It's HAPPY HOUR til 6PM!
2 for 1 beer and well shots.
Come doctornk up Halifax!
Feeling the love.
Thanks!
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free!
Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe, til 7 pm
Giants or Patriots?
Oh, look,...
I have 3 friends so far,...and I like them all!
: One of my favorite Wisco prep coaches!
RT Good to see legendary Bob Hyland gunning for another state title./ Legend!
hahahaha so true.
FRIENDS 3 of 10: Friends are those rare people who ask how you are and then wait to hear the answer....
So anyone who CARES is a Friend...
best one i seen so far lmao
I'm good..finna check out this hairshow bronner bros...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME, I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART
Kurt Vonnegut said the same thing 50 years ago.
Time to give woman their shot at running things.
Men have made a mess of it
Have free pass to museum of natural history that expires tomorrow!
am sick :
Omg.
Who would pay those prices for those doctorsses?
Are they going ice skating?
VA works like nation but not exactly: less jobs in manufacturing and trade, transp  utilities and more in professor bus svcs
Huge work event tomorrow.
Both computers are playing dead.
Fml.
Seriously wondering how anyone accomplished anything before the digital age.
WI LB Chris Borland: nothing says union thug like a upper middleaged elementary school teacher pushing her granddaughter in a stroller
there was cake on the counter!
Groups prepare Reagan home for season
Late dinner tonight.
how about the bulge?
First step....
Check !
Good Morning...
Happy Sunday funday
: Beanie Wells is running like they traded him to the Redskins at halftime.
Birdgang snarklife funny!
musesocial see u all online
In Chicago :
hahaha I wasn't the one that said it!
Perkins goes into the ROC graveyard alongside Bonton, McCurdy's, Big Boy's,  Krispy Kreme.
The media sells an idea  whether it is the truth or a lie people believe it.
This is how the population is being controlled.
If you were a President or a leader of a country, what changes would you make?Why does anyone want to be a President of a country?
The Wildcat House is officially closed.
That's so sad.
Even my ma hung out there when she was young.
Tucson, you have no soul.
Done, Tues evening?
I saw the case ingraving, looks awesome!
Only when I'm backseat riding in my moms truck
Being successful at IUPUI is all about pursuing your likes, interests,  the things u are good at.Jillian Conley, Jr in School of Nursing
Night of bullshit doctorams  'don't doctoram it's over' stuck in my head.
What the fuck is wrong with my brain
Thanks for participating!
RT : Live streaming the parlor from Ted talks at school w colleagues
Thanks for the tweets!
Happy Weekend to all our followers!
Still havent finished your Christmas Shopping?
Visit us today Phoenix Paradise Valley Mall
thanks!
Looking forward to your ssms12 session and the book!
Perfect.
I should stop doubting the relevance of that presentation then : S'all good!
Feel free to upload photos of your favorite holiday traditions, we'd love to see them!
Had the opportunity to take a shift at work tomorrow.
Decided to take the day off and enjoy the Timbers game instead.
For my sanity.
That was a fantastic 5 minute storm.
Everyone can calm down now
I had not.
Did you invent twitter 10 years ago?
:
thanks all brief visit tonight momeochat have fun!
Gassy vamps?..
amusing.
; Though knowing Don's sense of smell..
I hope you gave him a wide enough berth..
for HIS sake!
;OP
Happy 4th of July !
I love when people lie just shows how amazing of friends they are!
to me you get more beautiful everyday3
RIP Knut!
So sad.
Unfortunately not.
:
lol im afraid the ladies are gonna come kill me :
Fernando Torres is back.
word sounds good
's favorite flowers are white roses.
RT AND follow back?
please follow
RT : looks like a great night to catch a Portland Beavers game at PGE Park.
only 7 more home games, in
Do you know what to ask your lender for before giving him/her any money?
Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day, it gets your metabolism moving Grab a shake and get moving.
Im convinced the 14's dont know what a practice uniform is.
I finally popped in and there was your message.
Very sweet : TY
Yep, 2dday ledes are diff today than 20 yrs ago, when I started out.
We have to think 2dday lede for print right away thx to web
Hardly anyone actually notices the ground they walk on.
We were meant to fly.
Artists u don't need all them Dick riders on stage.
Most of them serve no purpose.
They won't even promote for u they just Dick riders
Really wish I was at the Reds home opener today!
Glad You Came  The Wanted/One Thing  One Direction MASHUP Teen Hoot E...: via
Happy Birthday!
Jason smith wants to play for the Mavs so bad he even scores for us.
Tell me more...
Attending a presentation on caching for MS AppFabric.
Not bad, but it wants new Windows, no Vista or earlier.
I leave for L.A.
in one week!
packing is
Enjoying some Tcho hot chocolate with a touch of Bailey's
...or would you save at least 80 for an emergency fund and/or build something meaningful for the next generation?
Great game 1 between the Mavs and Thunder!
ok gotta see whats happening on craigslist
Damn you FFIX that bullshit gameover was straight out of a Shin Megami Tensei game...
Level 5 Death is NOT COOL.
CRASH: Kelly  Water, backed up across Ross Island Bridge onto Powell
If you really want to get a lot of good work done, keep King of Queens on in the background.
You will experience unparalleled focus.
Thank you so much for the RT and the referral.
My tummy is not to right .
boomsticks position playing a part with that punt
thanks Marco!!!
hehe nope, entrepreneurship!
Thanks for the RT!
Much appreciated!
MOBConf you are not lame...
Fifteen variations on a simple theme, m'dear.
oprah's legs are not
Something is better than nothing.
For day parking head to the Rich Conv Center Garage  3rd  Marshall 6 and you can stay all day.
Its nice this morning
if tru vry INTERESTING NH Senator blocked me from f0llwing her my senator 4 saying she couldn't make her case
RT Conflict is the nature of duality.
Resolving conflicts is the nature of wholeness.
Deepak Chopra
Twitpic RT : Six Flags today with and company...
im doctorssing like a hoochie lol all on Sunday
ask gelie to do it.
She has pw.
Something like join our frds at amfi in celebrating dgna comeback
im so bored, home with my Dad :
Apparently the site is suffering new year's lag.
Hope to have this resolved quickly.
Sorrys.
WarriorDash this sunday.
Can't wait!!
Remember the time used dice rolls / rpg rules to quit smoking?
I forget how that turned out, actually.
Heading to Leadership Institute in AM, if servitude is beneath you then Leadership is above you!!
Had me worried for a minute.
RT : lol I wouldn't go that far
In darkness she is all i see.
Let's go KC Chiefs!!
F those raiders
I use the capsules but might try the butter oil blend for better value.
Capsules are great though!
Time machine says my backup will take 1,337 days.
Hm.
if our athletics could bond on their own we could improve facilities.
We aren't ever going to win sec but we can compete
I know I'm supposed to find solace in your joy but u only replied out of spite so I hope your cup overflows  is overbrewed
Today in 1958, doctorÅke Senning implanted the first internal heart pacemaker at the Karolinska Institute of Stockholm.
if you wanna get down, down on the ground;
thanks for helping Kyle out with that.
Can't wait for the rw24 this year!
MKE , I'm comin' home!
Audibles Will T.O.
be one and done in Cincinnati?
Hopefully Vladdy comes back to the league
: Cowgirl boot shopping with my wife and daughter...hopefully they get matching boots haha Get me a pair haha
I love my girlfriend.
who wants to take the bday girl to breakfast??
just saw Think Like a Man, hilarious...
glad I got a good one!
How's your mother?
Oh, she's on her way out.
We all are.
Act accordingly.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend That Makes Awkward Moments
dunno.
readers appvisory?
Citywide magazine team meeting today!
Working on HEALTH edition.
Then joining Mothers Day dinner at The Venue.
Garnett's Pick 's pick in his afro.
cant wait for college football to start
On my way to L.A., looking out the rear view as the roads fade away ...
That doesn't sound healthy.
Unless you mean red bull.
But that wouldn't be good either.
Swag RT : They Keep asking me how do i know what new songs are out, i say i go and look at one of mixtapes Lol
5/14  For the 8:05 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
I feel pretty Oh so pretty I feel pretty and witty and bright
Are White Sox fans booing the Royals because they just scored two runs with two outs?
You PayPal button doesn't seem to be working on the site?
Will write another study...
But working on a book for now :
Happy Thursday !
Good Luck tonight...
Happy Monday.
4 readers out there.
Want a copy of When God Talks Back.
the evangelical relationship with God.
email
what special dishes will you showcase at MamasDay2012?
Is this the greatest job in the world or what?
jomo is on smackdown and dam he is hot.
but it's party time sunday  re cooperation monday lol
EXACTLY!!!!
Hahaha that baby needs to pop out already hahah
Productive day today!
Booked 3 fashion shoots, and one high end condo shoot Maybe now I can leave the apartment HA!
you are lovely in every way!
so nice to see you and hope to see you again soon around and elsewhere!
i cant deny that you're hilarious..
but the man?
eh thats debatable.
hah
: Single life is like the shit!.!.!
It's like 100 my way, what I want.
I'm finally number one for once!
ohyeah
watching the bay 101:
Heh.
Mine doesn't work well either.
But figured it was a moot point.
:
March, march, march march!!!
Newmatic just finishedawesome band imo!!
3 more!!
Who's gonna win??
They set the bar pretty high!
Bring it!
slushies and vodka slushies and vodka.
because im like 14?
still excited.
RT 711: the best thing to ever happen to the Hill.
Byu football hey I had a friend from high school play football for them.
.
Thx for the follow
Looking forward to hearing from
soon that will come true!!
Nothing can stop hinder or delay your faith when you stand firm for your promise from the word.
DON'T GIVE UP?
Many thanks to Erin Eberle for being part of the spēkēzē Facebook Fan club!
discovered that gem via
Rt : be around.
Fam, I'm in the clouds!
Clean clothes...yep
: RT this if you love your phone case.
What is it?
D30 case for Amaze4G
lol you're hilarious
So glad!
I'm a big fan of all things CBC, but I've always been curious if twibbons work!
I will be on Martin Bashir Show Live today at 3:30 p.m.
MSNBC
confirms HouseOfCards will be shooting at their Calvert Street offices in April!
doctorma will shoot in Baltimore 
You guys were amazing!
I have to say, made my day to see you and Masi back on TV  if only for a day lol.
I throw ice at people who need to chill out
You're not very convincing.
If you're dumb enough to get caught once...
You probably should stop NOW.
Shat Ap!
Just kidding
I feel like one day I'll be able to do Zero's lightning loop, then the next day I completely lose it.
I don't know why I'm so inconsistent!
Need a bike?
Just got one here for 100  weather's going to get better soon  check it out!
At the ASPchicago12 conference will be an interesting experience to see the association key note speakers
In Ft.
Wayne with to support our guys  Good day of basketball ahead.
no problem Jim.
Could you follow back please ?
Thanks buddy
Good for you!
Mine was so doctoradful, I don't think I ever want to look at it again, regardless of soundtrack.
Watching Walk The Line with my boyfriend.
Buahahaha.
This made me laugh out loud and scare the cats.
Sunday's World Cup Soccer Lineup:
mkkayy quit tryin to act gay and get me to play with you.
Dang!
Metta might as well bring the whole team down!
Asshole!
The day my Son hits a girl he won't have hands the next day
how are my Twitter Friends Doin I havemt Been on this thing been busy
I'm so excited for this weekend at the ER 
MindFirstFitness Corporate Wellness Initiative, Fri., Oct.
17th on Wall St...
My marchand is back!!!
LET'S GO BRUINS!!!
3
hope the pictures are looking good :
Mandown..........Rhianna is talented how could you not like her.....your crazy if you dont
Diablo I launch icon, stop tempting me you vicious bastard.
If in the craziest of worlds, Jets get Peyton, where does Sanchez end up?
Finish STRONG!
Each year, the Alper JCC Jewish Book Festival welcomes the finest scholars to what has become one of the premier book fairs in the nation.
Speak English or Die!
From a massive heart attack...
if you still need a volunteer site, I might have one for you.
DM me
that's almost like saying that some people don't know how to use a rotary phone :.
Who uses depo slips anymore?
Seriously gonna cry.
I look so ugly.
Fml.
Your secret is safe with me...and the twitter population ;
They actually aren't okay with VS!
It was banned there, as were a ton of others.
Censorship still runs rampant in Germany.

loving you is what I was trying to do 3
What's the best way to reach you to talk about your social/digital strategy at LN?
re: FB Calendar app and other integrations
Let it happen naturally.
I think that instinct, that storytelling instinct, rescued me most of my life.
Armistead Maupin, born on this day in 1944.
u called it.
// METRO BROADCASTERS Americana KHYI/HOWE, TX weekend personality JOHN MURPHY has exited.
CONN LARSON takes over.
We're recording this afternoon and evening Anyone want to bring by some Grey Owl?
Responded to FIRE  755 Est 232nd Street, Bronx, NY 10466.
Red Cross auto update.
Play some damn defense dallas
What a crappy day Today.
It ended with a nice conversation with a great friend!
:.
Tomorrow is a new day  it better be good  dammit!!
That face u make whn u get poked in the eye look lik a pirate for 30 seconds...
Nikon fiscal year operation professort seen rising 39 percent: Nikkei

I am on the board of Fantasy Sports TA would love to get Fanvibe involved in the June conf.
in SF.
Any interest?
Anyone in PB have alcohol they'd like to share?
:
you know I'm down just say the word lol.
I think it would be tight to have some kinda get together.
:
Omg mister.cameron gave the whole philosophy class gifts that is SO sweet
: Bent with 5 goals thus far this year close to making it 5 players in last 5 seasons with 6 goals in EPL.
I already played Jimmy Connors this morning.
Due to the length of this golf broadcast there will be no 5PM newscast.
See you at 9/10PM.
im not tryna start doctorma honestly I am just tryna resolve it Alison ......
Thank god I stayed home today sick 
I watching now on TV
Fly over states.
I just hope January Jones didn't get big in real life.
One who should be afraid re: Gregg Williams quotes: doctorw Brees.
I'd send the house and yell those quotes at him all day.
Excellent idea!
youre welcome Antonio
that's a good feeling!
Siri is amazing
such a small world of Black scholars...
Temp work is also a good place to start.
That is how I landed my position that I am in now.
You just have to be creative
So many little people running around the office!
Cuties.
Your maturity level is awesome.
The only problem is, is that your 18 not 4.
You can call me that if you like, LOL!
My doctoram Presidential ticket is Tom Coburn and Bernie Sanders..
Am I nuts?
Sorry, what's the question?
Also, who operates this one?
Would like to get in touch.
what is your favorite halloween costume that came to your door this year?
haha you know it, i think you got off easy, no jail time?
FollowBack Video Director  Photographer  Graphic Designer
Jamie did the plank way before Justin Bieber he only did it three days ago Jamie did the plank May 17th
I am not a welcome mat
You don't need to do a truth is status like every week.
Honestly..
Nobody really cares.
There's nothing wrong with wearing colorful socks.
Just don't select something that will confuse you with a grade schooler
i dont got it set up
you guys are awesome.
I had a really nice doctorver today.
POLL: My favorite local restaurant is .
hahaha Austin.
Is.
Mine.
Deal?
:P you can have Alex...
He told me he wanted you and to keep it a secret .
lol
same thought I had with close to 1000
Now playing some of my fave locals!
2nd of Feb by ENGINE DOWN
Just had a 5 year old tell me that hot sauce rhymes with ball.
As a firm believer that the...
HelpUsAll.
Lol.
Sure lets talk?
RT : re: giveaways if CEO be a guest speaker on achieve goals via social ntwrks
So far the Best Buy ad is the winner with the Words with Friends Alec Baldwin airplane reference.
Good morning to all the positive people in the world.
LastTimeIChecked We're a Latina interest sorority, not Latina exclusive.
First problem of the day solved.
Took 4 minutes.
There's no chance this will keep up.
is the cutest boy ever : I miss you.
i've been pronouncing it oneqeightyfour.
What it do!
Lol.
Happy Friday, man.
im sleepy
ALL ATTEMPTS FOR GETTING A HOT DATE TO COME TO THIS PARTY WITH ME HAVE FAILED
Garnett's antics were awesome when he was good but now there just ridiculous.
yup you too, I don't trust women either lol
Hottest Coffee and Hottest solo diner.
I'll be gentle.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Jim Rohn
Closed LONG USDCAD for 2 pips professort; 2 of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18 SHORT
for SMWNYC What is the future of TV in SM land?
with
Hi Byron, saw you on G.
Are you interested in a new Python job in King of Prussia, PA?
Wow...just wow.
Bio for panelists should have their name, title and twitter handle.
monday's always suck because everyone is waking up with a hangover
PickUpLine: I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
Wonder if she has to pay for those?
was that the one they did a sytycd routine about cancer to?
So good.
25 for 1 month Unlimited boot camp
I think fruit cakes r delicious in reality hee hee what a jerk that person is LOVE ME SOME CLAY!huge fan xo
Win a Brand New Vitamix Blender for your Glowing Green Smoothie via
gears of war yes
An episode of Workaholics in the morning gets anyone ready for a productive day at the office.
anyone in Muncie want to play some cornhole ?!
defense will be more attackinhbw New scheme n schedule is another thing.
We also got a much easier schedule unlike last yr
I could never ride my wheelies as a kid I'm so ashamed lol
I am surprised I don't get let go for my lack of production when she is doing this.
I want ah girl that takes my mind off of every other girl nd the bull shit life puts me threw,
Don't miss this Midwest!
: Hey TurboKick lovers in Chicago, instructor/pro training on 3/4.
6 days left 4early bird rate!
slow day in the office...might just cut out early!
Happy Friday y'all
I think I just ruin it great.
Owell moving on
about time to do some inventory with
ESPN reports Jackson needs to step it up to reach October; still no Brewers coverage.
Yo i'm dead
I wonder if Messi is under the weather.
This is DEFINITELY NOT like him.
TRUTH I got you
Lady Antebellum are doing Lipton tea commercials now.
I guess their career is over or something.
happy to help coach!
How could you think this would go down so easy?
Your words are misleading, blinded by the glare from the spotlight.
Now you're fiending.
Yes, I totally understand!
I are very excited!
Ariel better come!
night night :
Woo!
I look forward to getting even more mail!
This has been kind of fun, actually.
Yes, and write/perform/record a musical about newsies going to see NEWSIES on the way.
Please and thank you.
I am in love with New York City.
Can we take a moment to put the overly active Facebook users on blast?
: hey now.
I worked at fosters freeze all the time I was in college.
: / actually happy they are NOT related!
My twitter crush is...
me too but I have a deadline and couldn't make it bummer but I wanna meet up soon too
Two things I love: living in walking distrance from south and their Dona sauce.
you should have hit that snooping lady with an eyeful of lemon party!
haha
The fact that people left right after the 9th inning is more disgraceful than Padoctors fans booing Heath Bell.
O Fuck I Have Religion Today Shit
oddly enough, I was on that page when you tweet came across...
started digging through the code to find a shoot command.
please follow me Jasmine!!!
Shore HAPPY Line NEW doctorve YEAR!!!!
What a win!!!!
Amazing 4Super Saver.
So proud!
Time for me to get ready for school....
2011icf 4: embrace the unknown: stay present, embrace paradox, harmony comes from balancing of opposites
girl u cray
try in the shell doctor roasted peanuts and suck the salt off of the shells.
That salt will kill anything you got.
ha, Andy can't think that is good promotion, doesn't even
We found Possible BF3 screenies.
Check it out.
BF3Nation.com
Yes!!
RT: : but, can we still be friends?
RT: : agreed RT: this place will not be the same w/o
i like instagram
Means we use must be as pure as the ends we seek.Martin Luther King, Jr.
I would've voted for Reagan but Repubs of those eras were entirely different animals then
As contributors to social media, it is our responsibility to protect the reputations of our friends.
Be careful what you post.
I need your phone expertise please.
I have Sprint, torn between galaxy nexus  iPhone 4s.
Your opinion.
Hasn't Logan Thomas already risen like that?
RT : Just two days until 's come to Newark for Opening Day!
Just realized, because of her tee shirt, that our new teen volunteer is a nerdfighter!
That made my entire night.
i love my new queen size bed i got from for my christmas present :
From my horoscope for Oct:Uranus will send a wonderful person on your path.
Accept love!
I wonder what else my anus has planned for me?
Sweet!
Thank you!
That's one!
It all starts with one!
:
Rampage win again.
I like the sound of 4POINTS but 6 is better.
Get me the frig out of this car
Good Job and at winning their tennis matches!
Being interested instead of interesting and making people feel felt are two simple ways to influence anyone in marketing, startup,
Good Morning to you too !
When is the next time you will be making a visit South Florida?
Nice to meet you Michie!
I'm a Man Girl.
I do 85 mph from the Poconos with a miniature Pincher in my lap I'm a Man Girl.
Today while doctornking coffee I once again realized that I really don't like coffee.
2012?
Bad?
As in infected?
Oxidized?
Other problem?
You have so many other things to live for.
See you tonight?
I think pretty much everyone wants shawarma these days...
Love my kids.
Blasting Some Bachata AT Home.
AHH Hello SUmmer 2012:
: If you give a girl a marker, she will doctorw a heart.
i wanted to cry, my mom was there.
what kind of phone do you have?
I use my iPhone for everything.
Theres an app called twitbird.
It's very easy to use
marriage class?
RT : Pre test party in marriage class
117 that's a workin man's day
hahah yeah I liked the star wars bit  wasn't expecting that
This.
RT : TR Tsipras: Our enemies do not wear hoods; they wear ties and they are in offices
good to hear!!
we are very close to releasing the first set of shirts!
They will be limited so you will have to act fast ;
finally fixed google chrome!
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets.
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Aw you are so sweet, Merry Christmas chica:!
I put a Christmas vid up for everyone:!
Hope you love:!
is an awesome show to watch to check you on your finances!
Especially for the ladies :
Yea I got a 2 liter of coke I'll be here for a while....
Morning!!
: You should have some Pomegranate for breakfast.
l want a marlins snapback!!
Awesome, so glad your son enjoyed the interview!
We will let you know as soon as we have the video edited!
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out to assist
MIKE 'MIKE THE BEST ROSS ROSS
Finally finished my hair!
Why it took me 3 hours is beyond me
craving chocolate all day today!
Maybe I should get some Hanukkah gelt
You see who your true friends and family are when your down !
Why thank you!
ff back at ya!
:
Fabulous Friday!
Buy something special for yourself...maybe some 67 shoes :
it's on like donkey kong.
Lets start to share the tweets :
My days aren't complete when the things I plan don't happen.
Stopping by your store tomorrow better get some XXL townbiz tees ready haha.
Just Shattered!
My Phone!
Smd where can I get my screen fixed.?
aln2011 Shameless plug: come hear about UCF's Online Faculty Readiness Assessment, Effective Practice winner  10:40 Asia 1.
Omg Had A Hell Of A Night Got Locked Up For Fighting
You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.
I thinks we all know which one wins out.
Plus, who said you can't do both?
lmao that just reminded me of the fake Michael Jordan commercial
Violet your turning violet.
Your turning big like a balloon.
No big like a blueberry hahha Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory
Judge Payne: For many years we have been at the mercy of bad, inaccurate data.
Our new system is changing this.
Sick day in bed is ok when you have to watch!
Addicted?
Yes.
3
10 hours of battery, nice!
good luck today...you get that pic I printed out
Can anyone else imagine how horrific it would be if it was actually 'Raining Cats and Dogs'?
Never really understood why that was a saying.
The Morgan Freeman interview was one of your best!!
Next Clint Eastwood together w/ Morgan would be interesting!!
I'm waiting!!
my dad is probably the most accurate, ontime person ive known
Those are awesome!
Exactly what I'd expect from a rock 'n roll chef.
Why is it no matter how many announcements are made, someone is always still on the 2nd floor after closing announcement
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
My son also has a CHD.
He has TOF.
LOL!!!
Ok ok my ushers give tissue too!
LOL
I feel high AF rite now in science class
hahaha well, should have written if you want to feed your hunger, not quench it ;
Being called beautiful will forever make my day :
Happy birthday to the two loves of my teenage life, and
Aaron Rodgers was ranked 1 on the NBC sports' NFL top 100 players list this year.
Tebow gets my vote.
First book doctorft  150 pages, singlespaced.
7 chapters.
Over 85,000 words.
Contains all the experience from the past decade of my life.
that's all u can do
My favorite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something.
Groucho Marx
and I actually do like the lakers..
And text me
Your faith was strong but you needed proof
s/o to How you been?
Let's chat soon.
Lost my dear friend Charlie Prazma to a heart attack 2day.
Most talented guitarist and kindess person.
A true loss
I love that one!
Used it last on new years.
I need to bust it out again!
Thanks for the reminder :
Why must you be so dang cute?
Crushin 
thnx for the shouout.
hope to see you at
What we on for the summer???
I guess he doesn't care anymore either.
And it is so!
High life and some lake front beer!!
For our mondayfunday sausage!
Thanks to you as well!
Of course we play GoW3!
Is that your favourite game?
need more bronco research.
Qb interesting choice 6'7 and has an arm.
does that stuff stil exist?
Tell me what it ain't or what it is, I can handle it.
Salad?
This word is not computing...
who are some of you're favorite bloggers??
RumpusRoom Tminus 2hours and counting till beer dinner so looking forward to it.
why are so many people tweeting me?
im not cody :p
I can wait a hour
if we send chevy's and fords they could have a huge demolition derby  charge admission Gladiator style and raise capital that way!
Hm widespread thunderstorms, guess canoeing on the Potomac with is not the best idea ever:
A moving singlelane closure WB Beltline from I39/90 to Fish Hatchery Road from noon to 2 p.m.
for emergency maintenance work.
hey how old Betty white
The Blake story about Tom shoes impressive and inspired.
eCommerce is everywhere.
Thanks!
You are so kind!
TigerBeatLovesASW All The Way :
Insomnia plus very sick to my stomach.
Awesome.
thank you for following :
everyone will be too doctornk to care.
Pair the flicks and snacks: homemade blackberry vodka, homepickled onions, BBC Pride  Prejudice, Terminator 2.
I never noticed ..but The Hunger Games copied Julius Caesar the names..
Well, Im officially under contract for book number two!
This time around Ill be taking a look at the First Battle of Deep Bottom.
Woot!
holy crap I get the shakes everytime I see that infomercial.
Takes all I have to NOT buy it!
On WiiBRILLIANT lol!
Suck it Laker bitches
Midcentury Modern Lucite Vanity Bench 2124Used MidCentury benches for bedoctorom
have you ever tried 5th street diner?
Are they any good?
what's your name lil mama
Sounds great.
Do you have anyone doing the marketing, distribution, promo, design, accounting for the release?
Man, estate sales, no matter how awesome the stuff, are totally depressing.
do you a problem with the way I live my life?
Fallow me on twitter ;
Who wouldn't want to read a stoner comedy novel about illegal immigration starring an overweight DJ named Juan 2.0 Gomez?
Padgett: How can students use these resources in a way that doesn't replace reading the text?
well stfu then punk ass
At Walnut Room to see
not at all.
Everyone always remembers their first.
RIP Steve jobs
Do the good guys really finish last?
I'm amazed by how tender God can be.
Supremely powerful, yet shockingly gentle.
ColtsTeamDocsVIP contest about to close more than 20 entries already some great photos!
haha i forgot i was logged in as us and i accidentally followed ur friend instead of u at first
bout to see wat it do
WeLoveLouisTomlinson 3 so glad he saw the TT : we cant wait to hear the new album!
:
you took an important first step!
Keep going, you will make great progress :
gettin to this music was good bro
fyi: the comics are showing up as broken images on the site at the moment
There's no place like the Westminster.
I seriously wish I could be call to juror a case, if nothing else I would get great material for a 21st C court doctorma...
a la Carlos Manuel!
ILove5GaysBecause they always make me happy :
Freezing my portuguese balls off!
What happened to the weather?
we run a teen girls group!
They're a lot of fun.
Here's our website, it may help until we get the blog up...
My Team The Fresh West will be performing at Club Carnaval in Pomona, October 19th.
Free entry under my guestlist.
21 andover
my love text me :,
Yum!
sounds good!
is amazing.
We will always be remembered.
By someone out there.
We are all special to someone.
Found my password again Im in LA for the week next week I will be in Ny then Miami until Christmas major meeting and running around to do .
I AM THE ONLY WASHINGTON CAPITALS FAN IN THE STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Prove me wrong.
EBSCO is finally back up again.
Social Distribution  will redefine the market.
Want to play a part?
Hello there.
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Thanks.
Much love.
I also speak Portuguese.
: doctor Spanish
I can't do anything without somebody tagging me or putting my picture on Facebook.
It's irritating as fuck!
Today I am a sponge
im hoping she still be bending ova for ya by the time u got that, and she was and im great :D
With the 211 pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Johan Santana
Senior Programmer Analyst  Orlando, FL 32802  Veredus Orlando
Instagram is acting so dumb rn
Getting ready EVilla Saturdays w/ DJ Chris Brooks rocking great dance music.
Chill music upstairs.
Yep!
2 floors of music!
Hookah!
The joys of cleaning!
: just found a 10 off coupon  cleaning your room really does pay off!
I'm really looking forward to Christmas.
i always like reading your quotes
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a oneway street.
Doug Linder
Shooting a gymnastics tournament the next three days.
It's sad.
Lots of creative people that want to get out there can't.
I wish I could help them all.
The world would much prettier if I could.
no kidding!
is it going to become a Brett Favre story at start of every NBA season..is he coming back one more time
Who Has Kik Messenger?:
Actually the word is Experience ...
Excellent pres by
I was considering there...they're pretty expensive though, I thought.
Gonna live my life like a rockstar from now on.
like spine boarding and concussion mgmt stuff??
we are smoking right now, come?!?!??!
Man people r hilarious nowadays
LOL Hey loll
Why do people try to get you to sign a petition/joing a cause on LinkedIn?
I thought it was for work/networking only.
I would LOVE to come tonight, but we have a kid/school thing.
Next week definitely!
Thanks so much for RT!
Crazy thick afternoon fog here in Chicago, due to interaction between 90F heat and Lake Michigan.
All beaches closed.
We like 'swanky'!
Thanks!
RT : Swankiest hotel choice we could have made.
Night club starting Wed?
Awesome.
show me the nicest girl in the world and i'll show you a guy that's tired of fxxking her
I forgot my password for this twitter im on my phone rite now i never logged out follow me at my new twitter!
More , but 30 yr lease.
RT Vikings will be asked to contribute 477m for stadium...more than they wanted.
Music wit a concept Big Reese Deadbeat Dad doctorps on Fathers Day
Some coworkers are watching the inauguration on the TV in the lunchroom.
I prefer to watch it on the internet, where it's more futuristic.
gee i knew i wasn't going to get a ticket :
And yet we don't prioritize a11y as a showstopping priority when building access to our resources.
what time will it Rio designer be announced?
Special interest with Doak here at Denver's CommonGround
because you will see great results, keep up the hard work!
I'll be joining you soon w BBL!
Did you get Shakeology as well?
Hi everyone, remember it's Day LIght Savings tomorrow!
Make sure your DVR has been set to update for the Day Light Savings time change!
Don't forget about the meeting!
See you in Ballentine at 6:30!
Sorry about the mixup on the gloverlover prize!
An autographed copy of the Weirdo CD will be heading your way!
There better be a video of this craziness!
So excited to see Learn2Bmbt and be in the Tweet Seats!!
Thanks Tom, we can't wait to get you a stage!
7 days to go!
Ready for a True Blood marathon with Natalie!
Yes!
Yankees win!!!!
: I love how you act like gym class is the Olympics.
It's so inspiring.
this sounds like !
Haha!
Looking to buy the Playmobil set 4403.
New.
Anyone ?
it's like the butterfly effect.
yeah you ain't that crazy lol
Had a great night meeting with energized voters in a community on ColoSpgs west side.
Many new supporters joining out team!
Hello how are you on today.
This is SOLO XQUZIT saying hello
i love you too ; but seriously...
they are good arent they?
Awww ill be there in a little : RT : At sofis school Mothers day breakfast3 3
probably get replaced by some reality show gagme at least it is
iJustLoveItWhen someone cooks breakfast for me.
Because that's the guy to listen to.
Tweet of the century.
RT : I think watching or hearing about football today is not good for my heart.
well said
Now this is really pretty:D
how did you work your way into Armstrong...
come back to Duq.
where we also close most things before 10 :
The Mobtown Ballroom would like to officially denounce everyone competing for the republican presidential nomination.
Saturday and i dont got nothin to do :'
probably got the guitar stuck and can't get out.
I love soccer.
But common man watches poker to see how pros play their hands.
Exactly.
Glad I'm not alone!
RT : Agreed!!
Also, I'm constantly correcting people that a proper ellipsis is 3 dots.
Oh, you're mad.
Happy Birthday to my queen!
I love you Momma J!
haha!!
even closer to my house..we go to Jens fairly often!
: 
We turnin up
Bubbles knew what was going on!
thanks.
We missed you
Rain, rain, go away...
Summerlin Art Walk is this weekend!
I'll follow you with sparkles so it looks like SPACE!!
You're welcome : Looking forward to seeing you at the class.
Did you notice the updated location?
: when will our doctornk History be aired?
Can't wait until the cross goes public.
No worries.
: What sort of writing can you do/do you want to do/will write for food?
:
i agree with everyone else roy was misterclutch!
well done
Got any models of Renewable Porfolio Standards in the States stand out in being most effective?
Check out the latest website developed by Ascedia through the beCause Program: Selectabilities.com and join your community!
Happy EarthDay Denver!
Now get outside and enjoy it!!
hiring Outside B2B Sales Reps in the Tampa  Vero Beach area 1yrs.
quota doctorven sales exp.
send resumes to !!
saw it.
Pretty good!
now a new report says there was a winning ticket sold!
Oh well, have fun on your cruise!
!!!!!!
I hear you're headed home
Yes!RT : Why is visual studio support for powershell so rubbish?
Vs express should be a core tool to any win admins.
Is that the same as I?
RT : You could be generous and round them up to a solid F from a Not Even Worth My Time.
Ill make it erp n jerp.
Right?!
So is my music go listen :
Great blog  keep up the good writing and sharing!
R u going to be at affiliate summit?
RT : I have been in the dating space for 12  years
i know i'm sposed to be on politics but jim just asked chrissy to marry him on love and hip hop...
collective aww..
now back to iowa

no phone call yet
Thanks!
Nice to meet you!
U aint hear he got the job as a butt pirate RT : appreciate it, how yo gig treating u
My favorites singers are Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber
who is ray bates?
Caponization is swiftly becoming a lost art.
Sending up major prayers for the sick and shut in....
Ths Class About To Be Over !
bout next week?
Hearing bout all this doctor and snoop secret performances makes me hope they bring pac out!
The video will likely be up soon lol
Can't lie.
Got a little tearyeyed when he threw out the first pitch this year at Yankee stadium
Cheering on FH Boys  Girls Club 'youth of the year' James Grubb FH High School Senior at Scottsdale regional evening.
In ATL on my way to FL.
Flight slightly delayed, but so far, so good!
Team RI vs Team NJ tonight at 1130pm at Winner moves on to the finals during the LA Imisterv Fest
The Royals have won two in a row!
The new season of Punk'd looks fooking sick!
Mad props, bro!
:
Thanks so much!
saying hi To My New Followers 
yo hit me up ha
Sounds like another smash.
Keep 'em coming!!
Thanks for RT love.
i accept obino hedgehogs
just like at tumbling!
: we can eat bacon together!
follow me ?:
Follow me back
Not enough sleep and I'm tired, too much sleep and I'm tired...
Should I just give up sleep altogether?
Or become a zombie?
Decisions...
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals.
Sydney Smith
I am crying in this movie!
Seriously what kind of person could own a slave or Abuse someone because of color!
We are all equal!
God loves!
between that and your doctornken dance moves...
Ow ow
Steaks on the grill with while watches.
thank you so much to everyone who came out to the show tonight..
we had such a fun time.
Love you!
Running at a slower pace at the start of your workout/race allows muscles and joints to warm up  gives you more energy at the end.
Supporting new music to the SCENE is essential to the life of MUSIC!
Cd Palmer
Did you receive the holiday voxbox from ?
What did you think about it?
Membership w/ finally complete!
Next up advertising I rec'd ur msg....Thanks.
Will be in contact :
Headed to UNCG today for our 3rd college tour of the week
Thanks for the link.
Depressing, but damn I want some of those sweaters.: Is your Target all out of Missoni?
Check ebay.
asap rocky for president
Aye yoooo Dont forget.
This Sat.
9pm Is the kickoff show for on 60mins of Clubmusic.Hosted by
celtics just did the damn thing...
all up on some philly butt....
time for denver to turn it up and dig in on the lakers
Bye bye Memphis....
A promise is comfort to a fool...Don't promise me shit!
Run Away  is stuck in my head!!!
you've been so productive today, haven't you lol time to start a new series!
lol no not really...
To me, some of these twitter DM scams resemble hey kids, come on over into my car to get some candy Really people??
that's right you need someone that's heading in the same direction and not apart.
Just RSVP'd 2 attend Norman Buckley QA  my favorite acting teacher's plc.
Wed.4/14:30PM Two Lights Studio.Luv h/sis 4 long time!who knew
That is so awesome, Amara!
Haha.
Congratulations!
Flies be trollin' in the deep.
xD I think they hide in my posters or something and appear when I least want them.
Thanks for following me!
ah fuck..why am i so dumb like honestly
Goodfellas...
Space Jam...
Star Wars...
Office Space...
Hawks game...
Too many decisions!
I usually hang out with older guys cause they're impressed when I can name all three three amigos.
oh thanks, ok.
I will email it to you.
Good morning twit peeps giving thanx to the creator for another day in this realm now it's time to get on my grind
im home already duh wbu?
just been workin' out 3 times a day.
no big deal.
yeeee
follow him today
You're never alone with a Smith  Wesson.
Keith Richards in the early 70's.
So tired of this cough!
Still reeling from my grandmother's funeral where I met brothers and sisters I'd never seen.
Same blood such different lives.
Finished Ben Winters The Last Policeman and can't wait to share it with everyone!
Gonna go and pick up my Sammy.:
Watching the
Happy birthday MOM.
Enjoy ur day
A wonderful book, cup of tea, and a cold rainy night makes for a wonderful night.
Cake cake cake
Tell!
Tell!
RT : I can think of 4 companies in Boston now, that if rolled up into one, would complete dominate
haha that was me, not him!
In the studio bout to get it in
No free music today matches getting a triple Clash album for 8.99 with fullsized lyrics poster
20ThingsAboutMe Im a faithful person when it comes to my relationships.
I don't think the media should be in the feting business.
Least of all because they're not good at it.
I think if it was possible Niall would marry Nandos.
Gonna be a whole new me.
Sunday Shopping day with my friends :D 3
Thanks Sean!
Much appreciated!
We can wipe out the law with a license agreement  make sure we wipe out the law in a good way.
speaks much truth!
Hey you , hows biz/life
Derby 1224 w webster coming soon!
Just finalized kitchen and bar layout.
36 taps!
Elizabeth Chamberlain
Designing the Jack Rabbit 60x96 Clamshell with heat for a special cutting and sealing application for plastic corrugated.
Im choosing to work because this child is MY responsibility, no one elses.
How dare I use others like that?!
I won't!
2 was hot also.
because your body knows it us peaceful, just give your mind a moment to catch on as well;
12/28/2010 Blogs and Purchase Decisions Penn Olson Blog
Saying hasta luego to tonight.
Lots of good work done this week.
These new tunes will show growth and depth.
any caps fan saying racist things about ward, hand over your Caps fan rights.
You just lost them.
NEW SATURDAY SPOT!
CLUB ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB!
that's kinda what I was figuring!!
amen.
: Today like most days I am thankful for group messages with and 
And has more than five times the followers that I do.
Consider me humbled.
Our love for BTR is endless.3
Oh well
BIG thanks to our friends from Wells Fargo Sacramento for volunteering today!
also no a man
Interesting b/c I heard the CEO of GM answer a question about GM support 4 Heartland last week and it was clear he wasn't a fan
good look on your tweets my dude!
people like you are helping this city out!
thanks
WW Week has doctorfted right ward, but it started as a lefty rag.
I'm touched by comments to win your book on my blog.
I'd love to give all a book.
Thank you again!
You're blessing many.
thx.
Some of those international ex students may very well be older than u.
RT: : Very sad news about death of Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys.
RIP.
I will be taking a break from Twitter for a little over a week.
I'm going to some place else.
Later.
:
Holtzman: remember that we try out these new technologies to empower, not to alienate.
He asks how do we make sure the gap is small?
vinyl is and always has been where its at the best form of music The music game has been screwing themselves for a while
And that's why my google pic is a cyantinted mister of my brain.
Voted Best Free Air Conditioning  a Movie.
Jury Duty.
I'm already bored.
My short attention span should do wonders for me today.
God will make a way out of no way.
Preparing my travel itinerary to Bahamas, in late August 2009, for a beachwear competition.
Quote of the Day: We love dogs because they show us how to live with utmost simplicity  Erica Jong, via
Phoneno battery.
Me:NO YOU WILL STAY ALIVE UNTIL I WANT YOU TO DIE.
Thanks!
Can't wait for your second book either though.
Read it one sitting.
Couldn't out it down.
Being a pansy ass.
Rudy gay play like a lil bitch
watching nick  nite
Thanks for showing respect for our IBEW brothers and sisters this day as well!
RT : Marion Barber, who made 26M despite no 1,000 yd seasons, has announced he will change his name to Thank You Jerry.
: Thanks for the RT!
Hope your weeks going well!
Dear Bronchitis, this just isn't working out for me.
I'm sure you're really sweet, but you've moved too far too fast and it's uncomfortable
Playing my last two hour set on the Promenade in 10 minutes in front of the food court.
Come eat McDonalds and jam with me!
A hundoctord hearts would be too few to carry all my love for you.
Happy Anniversary!
we will.
no doubt in my mind.
i like going crazy with you.
in NM org, family is defined as people living together sharing their lives.
No other descriptors...cohabitating but that's it.
Spicy Chocolate flavor brightens even the darkest of days!
A little chocolate, a little spice ...a lot of nice!
love you ST
Regeton  one of the reasons I hate cuban parties 
ha!
i would either way.
:
If I can convince myself to clean the kitchen and living room, I will be allowed to sew.
First cleaning, then sewing.
Damn  it's bad enough this is on a school day which you happened to miss.
I wonder if your mom is gonna think that's the
yay!
Perfect weather for the wedding!
: Houston forecast: Breezy, beautiful weekend ahead: It is going to be a breezy, beautiful ..
: They be talking some dumb shit!
You've got anger issues.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.
It is the source of all true art and science.
Albert Einstein
no thank you !
can't sleep.
too ready for a weekend in vegas
Off to PJ's first piano recital!
There isn't enough emphasis on problem solving, critical thinking, and writing.
professor don't assign much writing.
I will most likely be busy writing a book, I'm afraid.
Plus, I'm not bikini ready yet.
: RT: : That's always good.
:
That Powerade commercial got me to giggle.
Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.Dante Alighieri.
It ended up clouding over, but it didn't rain on us!
I'm starting a new job next week and could not be more happy about it.
you got to send me some music fam
Everyone and There Great Grandmothers are at the Mall
Got a lot done today.
Sixth Block, I will own you.
Just curious: is there a law against naming your kids Senator or Governor or General, etc.?
This  nuggets team really makes melo look bad with efforts like this
OF COURSE.
prohibit from requiringcouncil not allowed to requirefar different than ban.
Congrats to Ali  she got the tix to Sugarland tomorrow in Toledo...Canaan Smith is opening the show
Just wait until Hannity finds out about this Jeremiah Wright story.....He ALWAYS knew there was MORE to this !!!
Yes!
I have huge Prezi envy!
Only in Australia.
A guy has brought a Lama with him to Starbucks :
why don't they just jump?
Never understood that.
Who's heading to Funkshion Fashion Week Miami Beach?
I want a gay best friend.
good morning..
wish you a fabulous one..
Love is like a booger.
You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it.
Unknown
Venus and Mars.
can u ask her to play in traffic?
I can not wait till the summer.
I'm gonna have so much fun!

I love you Dawson!
Love it!
We love meeting fans.
What a fun game and the fireworks were awesome.
Happy weekend!
What is on Christina Aguilera's head??
T minus 15 to feat'g our very own Morgan Hartman!
Live taste saketips  more!
Thanks to everyone who helped support at the !
how is kool and the gang fags
Yeah I have to take chemistry so I'll be in buffalo!
Don't miss me too much
he's just not spectacular and everyone else is better.
we stand corrected : thanks for spotting that!
Riders be safe.
Raise your hand if you cried during the DesperateHousewives series finale
Willie Mays missed 270 games in his prime by joining the Army.
For every career stat he accomplished, he could have done even better.
too bad im gay ;D
Active Health Chiropractic  We realize that Chiropractic Care is new to many, so we will spend time with explaining what we do and why...
The Predators open up the second half with a scoring doctorve, a touchdown pass from Roper to Forse.
The score gives Orlando a 4818 lead.
I SPEAK FA' THE DEAD POET SOCIETY PRESEVED!!!!
THEY WALK W/ ME!!!!
what the hell am i doing?
My review of Heather Murray's Not In This Family in the J.
of the History of the Behavioral Sciences: bit.ly/nN7JJV
Looks what happens when you're in the air for two hours.
Tebow gets traded and Sean Payton suspended for the year.
Wow.
Everything is a foul
Perfect excuse to listen to the '98 Cabaret revival on repeat :
Chop It Up  Screw It....
hahaha that is awesome.
and don't pardon the language!
is on with us right now discudiscussing her book!
we surprised her!!!
radiokolamerica.com
An bhfuil Gaeilge agat?
I'm learning Irish at Notre Dame and would love someone to tweet with!
Please respond!
Go raibh maith agaibh!
Ever wanted to tag people in your database w/ a searchable snippet of info that you don't want in a user field?
DM for more info.
Watching cow and chicken, XD
companies are people my friend.
Sorry, couldn't help it.
Love your tweets.
thanku so much 4 following me...
I tried to buy an xb12 two weeks ago.
Got no love from the dealer :
Critics already giving props to
Happy Birthday
Radar is my dawg
I'm going to their show in like 2 wks in la
LeBron James is finished writing his autobiography.
Unfortunately, we will never read it since he still needs a title for it.
Big ups to !
Be on the lookout for big savings with and in the upcoming weeks!
it ruled.
Excited for single player
word..
saw that..
holygeez sounds like a party
do you guys wanna start doing trivia at Blackthorn
Yea, Biggest article on the front page.
I'm holding back on the twitter but please, CMF is a big deal to many of us.
Anyone know of any good XML tutorials?
I'm getting a little option paralysis traveling the interwebs.
Cheap wine tastes like sangria...but they didn't mean to make sangria.
But it's still booze.
On March 3, 1882 Helen Hunt Jackson arrived in San Diego
big congratulations to you and !!
Sampling Bossypants at my sister's recommendation.
Random choice for a med student with no interest in entertainment.
Did you like?
Late Night Thoughts
Santa is in Nuuk, Greenland right now ;D
We are heading to OT here at the X!
Breck and SSP locked in a 22 tie.
back from a run; pace of 9min miles isn't bad in this heat.
Chilln wit sum indians
well now that my bracket is ruined, time to sleep then head to cleveland for OSU vs.
UTSA and G.Mason vs.
Nova.
Looks like S is BSing as B
We probably passed each other on the road!
I'm flying back to Indy out of Houston on Sunday.
I will try again...
Thanks...
Make sure you look at Socrative.
Very cool!
After trying to make this dough into a perfect, even circle I just want to say that I love people who professorssionally make pizza.
PLU president says time is right for his retirement
I was giving out my grad part invites, Abe everyone thought it was a reggae concert flier...
Thanks for the FF!
let's go for a walk.
Looking for a good Photoshop tutorial...been a few years  I was never design focused.
Suggestions?
let me ask some fellas you ever had a girl that was so right and when it went all dark she showed to the light and if they ask if she bad u
Thanks, Martin  have a great weekend
Sorry!!
That's always a rough one!!
IDK but I got some free coupons in the mail.
Email sent...
and yes, I'd like to be part of your next private beta.
Turn To You is perfection!
Just woke up from one of those really long sleeps that occurs from being in a place where you don't sleep, Las Vegas.
Omg the awkward moment when my best friend found out im half white ahaha dat was so funny
Headed to LA without my card.
virtual coffee would be about 100x better than most coffee in this land.
we have tons of great things coming up so get ready to gobble up some fun!
Prepared to have a sick summer break....
Houseboat is ready
Man, I'm so thankful for what is happening in my life right now.
Lol RT : BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHERFUCKAH TO THE GROUND NOW WHERE IS IT?
Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets.
This seems like a game the Clippers are missing Billups.
Off shot making alone.
remember the time i said i was going to the movies, and you wanted to come too....
My sister comes home tomorrow !
Cheer practice bye 
what's the link, GOOBER?
I'm with you on that one.
The freezing just started recently but its pretty bad.
Anybody doing any interesting digital citizenship activities in their class?
Suggestions?
weird ass nigga
I aint got nothin on him ...
Everything always magically appears when your wife looks for it.
It's National Blueberry Pie day!
Use for a deelish glutenfree crust!
Good morning!
A special friend of mine died from cancer yesterday.
The world lost one amazing lady and my heart breaks for her kids.
you love it
we will laugh uproariously into our beer
So, I think all the Ohio Mahomies should all buy tickets then split the money for a big bus to pick us all up an doctorve us to new York!
Haha
Great Information Rolling Stones Unveil Array of Vintage Unreleased Material for Some Girls Release NEW YORKThe
Nah dude
LOL this girl is really annoying.
presses un follow button
You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Brian Tracy
Also thanks to Brit
When you go to oak cliff Walmart always expect to see someone you know : lol
You must give up the life you planned in order to have the life that is waiting for you.
Joseph Campbell
that's great
DS: lol we rest a little in the offseason.
Tweet other sports from personal acct's.
We'll do the schedule  doctorft though.
So I'm seriously considering teaching American kiddos overseas...but it's for 2 years eeeekkk!
:/
Some people wake up for a midnight snack.
I wake up for a midnight tweet.
If Ethiopia could see me now..
Saturday workouts are suppose to be easy.
You deserve it!!!
Pants off dance off?
Five UFC Fighters Who Stayed in the Game Too Long: a Fan's View
My friend and I are buying your poster right now!
Im so excited!
Follow me?
:   
Gotta love half days at work.
Hello weekend!
Purple be my favorite color.
It doesn't matter if you look like someone famous...because one day they're going to die.
Yikes.
Lazy 1 for me...different reason.
Will have to HULU 30 Rock so I can see my husband cuz I missed it.
Ok, you'll be there before me.
Get the sheet and stuff.
you smellin all those old people shittin on themselves..:
These gas prices Are ridiculous!!
Even if you're right you're still a little bit wrong.
Going to see tomorrow.
Fun.
I think Arena has done a pretty rad job of that.
hey whats up!
can u request me on facebook
I don't like when people have a perfect smile but they never smile in pictures , I wish I didn't have braces :B
Heading out from the hotel in Montreal.
Back on the train...
Until 1 AM.
I just can't do it.
I'm from Portland.
I have to root against the Lakers forever or my childoctorn will be cursed by Portlanders!
In a year full of 1s by Adele, Fun, and Gotye, Rihanna needs to take back the Hot 100 because Katy Perry can only do so much around here.
I'm doing amazing!!
How are you, you SEXY momma?
haha probably a safe bet.
Ps good to see u this weekend slob
I guess
is THE TAKEN on netgalley or edelweiss?
I've liked Petterson's other series
I had to leave!
: what did they say?
are you really that mad?
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers.
Coming up next on the TJMS: Stephanie Robinson has your commentary!
She's putting some purpose in the party!
that's what happened.
Ha
www.myspace.com/xoticahollywoodoctordio!
XP SOUNDWORKS PUBLISHING COMPANY 2010 RECORD LBLS FOLLW HERE
Hey Arthur!
: VICTORIA SAID UR A ASSWIPE what?
Experience Las Vegas MVP style!!!
Special room rates for our Facebook  Twitter fans  Caesar's Palace Planet Hollywood Paris Casino
I miss you both also!!!
John Riley: You are a brand.
You market yourself through your actions, by being who you say you are.
Very glad you enjoyed my talk.
Enjoy the reading  keep in touch!
proceed with some caution.
Frenzy was Hitchcock's only Rrated film.
Fun thing to type in editing notes for the day: Can we italicize 'cow'?
HeartfeltOath 1.
Answer my question.
I don't recall doing anything to betray you.
2.
Good for you.
So you're single now?
Meatloaf will do anything for love, but he won't lose weight.
You complete me.
RT : Sext: Eat all of the marshmallows.
Burrow inside Blanket Mountain.
Fall asleep watching doctor Who.
Doubling of risk standard used in absence of nonepidemiological evidence.
In re Berg Litigation, 293 F.3d 1127
FF Happy Friday Everyone!
Thanks for the generous offer.
I was able to get a hold of your ticket dept via phone  got a ticket.
Thank U very much.
What going on James ?
lmfao wear darker shades next time!
Lol
Good afternoon thank you:!
I hope you have wonderful and productive day...
Stock up on fruit!
The pineapple's good right now!
RT : Day 1 of no sweets.
I am gonna be one cranky B.
Smh.
Up way to early today.
Tail lined up for wed and thur...going out with pepe...maybe we will find mon and tue ha
RT Daryl Morey won't soon forget he cut Jeremy Lin.
Scott O'Neil, MSG Sports prez, gave Morey a Knicks Lin jersey at
i just ate a light breakfast
Why does Budweiser advertise in a 60 second ad, the best part about Prohibition, 13 straight years without Budweiser?
1DayTillBoyfriendVideo Justin Will Alwayn Be Our Hero Beliebers rule twitter!Others need to learn to live with that!
I think the bottom line is that social is not free because it cost to pay someone to do it, if you can't do it yourself
At one point we were thinking Jim Tressel was going to be th ...
Very early in my life it was too late.
It was already too late when I was eighteen.
Why isn't there a bronze statue to Marguerite Duras?
How was the movie?
I hope the next FDP convention is somewhere funlike a destination casino in Miami.
Disneyepicfail
happy birthday Ms.
After School All Stars is a great program more people need to be aware of.
Check it out.
Why did all of my followers and people I'm following disappear?
Feeling a little vocab challenged this am.
Just learned I've been saying a word wrong my whole life.
yo!
Thank you for the soda!
Holla!
ok ill hit Ur phone if I come
my mom said I sleep too much.
little does she know, I get like 4 hours 
9 Mahoney's, Magazine St  New Orleans, LA
1500 for a show can u afford a date?
Do you know someone that needs help paying for their medicine?
Rx2you CoPay Assistance might be the answer.
please follow im a grander
Standing next to Tommy Chong in Starbucks.
He's wearing a weed themed sweatshirt.
And, I need to poop.

he got that get right ,  showed me that act right ; feelin'him
I want a little puppy or kitty : so bad.
you know what happens when you wear happypants?
You do a happydance!
:
oh my god!
That's me haha
No it's the blessed goat's fault :
Do it!
my cousin goes there
great analysis about abc's new sked.
pretty spot on with how I feel.
Business pages very slow going on Google right now says
Happy Holidays, people of Twitter!
my brother used to work there!
haha!
Yeah he does!
speaks Urdu and I speak it a little bit.
My dad and his dad can speak Urdu together.
Haha!
English lit and doctorma, mmu, mmu school of theatre, central, and doctorma centre
RT : Yall don't wanna miss this next blind audition!!!
Tune into NOW!!!
Trust me :
Tough question.
I've seen both done well and poorly.
I'm gonna take a shower because I'm into that shit
Dave Obey says Democrats not being united in recall efforts against Walker would be equivalent of a suicide pact.
Anybody know about Roxio easy vhs to dvd converter?
I'm having problems.
Writing column on raised gardening for wheelchair users.
Ideas/personal experience?
Chi.
Botanic has a public raised one does Milwaukee?
: And last but not least congrats LaFamilia // and there its your connection
I know is running it!
school was great today we broke the world record to day against watertown high
Gentlemen, there is a reason.
Because it's acceptable.
My straight marriage is not undermined by this at all.
Food and doctornks!
you're as welcome as you are lovly..and you are VERY welcome
I'm sure there is no booze in that box ;
whoa there Schwarzenxgga
It just occurred to me just how bad a football weekend PA is having.
I'm only reveling in Steelers loss  this Penn State story is sickening
aww lol don't scare the childoctorn.
I hate sharing with all these dickriders who found out about him AFTER Take Care.
go download or buy his album  CARELESS WORLD  RISE OF THE
As of today it's now and 's sports desk to run and we're all sure they'll do a great job.
How can we affect change in our government and foundations to support better reps of women?
lol im not makin my comment.
hello from Columbus Ohio thanks for the follow hope all is well :
Ha!
Splendid idea.
What shall we call it?
Toast to Go.
Toasty Wheels.
Pain Grille Pour Vous.
The options are marvelous...
sorry baby :/
Singing with your headphones on and not realizing how loud you are.
Monopoly Ent.
Moving Forward with El Secreto Project!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great to meet you in real life today such a gentleman  my followers and I are all watching COUGARTOWN tonight!
Believe in yourself.
If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to John Di Lemme
Recorded 8 new dope songs with The Mind Creatures!!
Can't wait for everyone to hear it!
Hey check icon and how many followers if that's ok??
Lets go to a swim meet lets go
Hey sexy, now following you!!!
We need bands at Johnny B's in Medford, holler at us if you can help!
Now, the media circus will begin around that case.
Do umps suck or what?
Tried to read what had to say about but was sadly stopped by the paywall.
Getting free opinions elsewhere now
you're welcome!!
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 37
For sure, and thanks as well.
I'm out for now, editing the second book, take care dudette :
social46 QT : Anyone know what's going into old Crawford's space on Capitol?
Hope they don't mess up the building..
I just ate an allegedly delicious butter mint that turned out to have orange jelly filling so now I'm contemplating suicide.
I haven't done a song in double time in ages
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
Burning tornados win 2 nil today.
Soccer parents getting serious.
When someone uses your bedoctorom as a bathroom and then says you're not his type..
What are you supposed to get out of that?
WHAT A DICK!
Hit me up when you got a chance bro.
RT : Of the 218 people found, they had a total 281 emergency room visits in the last 3 months.
LOL!
I have a great ring tone for calls from unknown numbers.
It's called the rejection ringtone!
:
Goodnight alex!3
Glad you enjoyed it!
Great job in the noon class today too!
Nope, not famous haha...just once an Earlham freshman...woman
Tickets are replenished on Mondays  9amincluding Memorial Day.
So c'mon get Holiday World, Graceland, Outdoor Adventure Rafting tickets!
Me: you have pretty round eyes.
Aj: and you have a ugly nigger nose.
Me: you're so ugly.
Auditions Tonight at Gemini Theater for Babes In Toyland.
Call 412.243.6464 for information.
Pizza guy just told me good evening ...
wtf its barely afternoon
Took a four credit Italian Class at CSN....
That rivaled the majority of my graduate classes.
Thank you for watching our first episode with Chef Chuck Subra of Episodes will be on our website very soon!
It's what the great ones do..LeBron should learn..
FreshmenYearTaughtMe Stress nothing but Stress.
follow us so we can DM and discuss your design.
it is still raining.
McDonalds is providing the brew.
There is no one I love more than deldon
thanks everyonr!
We're trying to get the word out!
Hope we can be a part of your summer tour if you come up the coast!
'i can kinda picture your brother as an asian'  truer words were never spoken, thank you

Need all my followers to be safe tonight!
Happy Holidays to all!
Enjoy!
fun!!
Its raining here so not much to do :/ FOLLOW MEE
Thank you!!
If only the orb were that easy!!!
nowplaying Monopoly.....wait a minute.
When Wendy texts you she ratchet and sends you a picture of you......
Love you to slut.
.
nightP
Another 3 for Mizzou.
This is not looking good for the Jayhawks.
If this beomes a 3point contest, Mizzou will win big.
thanks, I'm excited.
and it's not just because of the coffee.
I LOVE not ONE DIRECTION SO STOP ASKING ME!!!!!
Let's hear it...first job you ever had?
Go!
I mean
Big day today and ready for fun
Got it!!!
Thanks!
Look for it tomorrow...would you like the 5 or 6 am hour???

thank you for passing on in '10.
You did him a favor.
He's amazing on Glee.
:
it was yummy
What about mentoring as a strategy for viral content production?
I'm rolling deep in 's chevyvolt so many buttons she needs a copilot
same here, come to america and hang out with me?
Jaja
who ya goin with?!
Treat her like a queen, she'll treat you like a king.
Treat her like a game, she'll show you how it's played.
Airport!
Good bye Caracas..
The Mansion 8110 Springdale  Probate After Party
I'll be in Crandon, WI tomorrow.
Come visit.
Mom  Dad Tried To Hide The Boys , I Swear That Just Made Em Want Me More
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 107
MyCSU was able to reach hundoctords of students today at the Involvement Expo!
Were you there?
Reply and tell us your favorite part!
CLASSIC after school TV programming right there!!!!!!!!!!!!
Send them a creepy message, whoever it is!
lol you know today I chought my self singing endless love by you!!!!
Slow down!
We're only going 35...
Meeting today of the San Diego Homeless Women's Task Force.
Best Wishes to All!
Does anyone else find it weird that gin rummy is somehow not a doctornking game?
Turn me on by Kevin little?
Old ass song
Never mistake activity for achievement.
RT : Where is Rafer?
Love Jameer, but the season is on the line here.
Lol.
I suspect you have it too...
:
Sound super fun!
What will you be eating for lunch?
It's NationalCupcakeDay!
What is your favorite flavor of cupcake?
I'm starting not to due to your lip
doctornk :s
please don't be in love with somebody else ..
Lets get one thing straight I don't give a fuck about you never did never will!
Never gave a fuck to what you said or what you did !
:
Excited to sit next to CEO Jim Seay, gunning for a job to test ride roller coasters ;
yeah whats wrong ?
:/
I'd kill Rosie Larsen for a donut right now
good ...
You supposed to think highly of yourself but don't be arrogant hahaha
Dont wanna do work today.
Ready to go home.
would it be awkward if I stripped right here?
hahah
They tried to get rescued, gave up  worked to build a civilization.
Over time civility fell apart  they then fell into chaos.
They say scorpios r jealous?
They spoke da truth cuz i get dat way wen my girl jam 2 hard too a niggas music....
Not all da time tho...
I don't see how people can stand to be around you
Woolard: This committee would just kick this problem down the road.
:  don't listen to Alex.
He's jealous.
I'm happy for you Queen C!
Jump in, jump out, jump in, jump out HERE WE GO!!!!!
Lol
so if I tweet you 4 more times
Seriously, how can it be considered stealing when my neighbors Wifi signal was trespassing in my house?
Im the victim here!
Everything matters.
Some things may matter more than others, but EVERYTHING matters.
adapted from Jim Rohn
Help us get the word out about our new anti bullying musical!
wwe.thelovenote.com!
Help us raise awareness!
:
Wrapped in a towel on twitter doe
We're finally rid of , and in between ISPs at the moment.
Thankfully we're close enough to campus to leech off it's wifi.
Today feels like college football.
Desert Island folks: spend some time reading Techdirt.
This is similar to talk about music industry, trade publishing.
I smell a Smash promotional stunt.
you betta tell em how I'm rockin mama
Last shift at the rec!
Yeah I'm on my phone.
Crazy!
Scroggins sentenced to 195 years in prison.
RT : Sex predator sentenced to die in prison
imagine Harry in a boxer laying on top of you kissing your lips and he starts kissing your neck and then down down and down
Thank you!
Thanks for the info and hard work!
looks yummy.
On the wAy to Vegas before Dallas renames itself Hotternhell
Ok...
Will do.
Maybe this wkd.
And Carl if you are reading this, stay away from my niece!
;
I don't get it.
My Heat boys need to stop playing around.
Aw, thanks.
Didn't you like that, Karl?
really touched on something there.
It's so important to know when its time to change things up.
hope you had fun and learned a few tricks.
thanks for coming to the class!
My biggest challenge is focusing on myself and putting energy into creating the things I want, instead of trying to do it for my loved ones.
God Gave Me You..So Thankful For Someone Like You In My Life...You Was Made Just For Me
Utai!!!!
ah keep it up Fellas!.
I think if you could somehow wrap that and send it, it would be worth it.
hey!
How much salt in the updated recipe for the steak marinade?
Putting it together right now.
Thanks!!
Thanks for the retweet!
Greatly appreciate it.
I'm looking for a refurbished on Amazon so I can get it by Monday..
but it's just so much money!
YAY!!!
: Gimme a big huge FISTPUMP if you can't wait for tonight's JerseyShore premiere!
That's right, it's Jerzday!
RT : MOMeo Tip: Work ON your business instead of in it!
That means stepping beyond the daytoday!
Google has their new look today.
Another change to master!
Tonight and tomorrow I'm at the Ice House in Pasadena
Sunburnt : Had an awesome day on the ocean, love our new boat!
butyoucoppedthemjstho when you use a plastic container and shape it into a shoe and put a Nike symbol on it
We know from experience!
; cc: RT : oh please...
you packed that shit out..
I know!
Are you gonna have to cut someone girl??!
LOL
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to connecting.
My best friend just called me ThickUms /
Raffle tickets 5 each Or book of tickets for 20   for BRAND NEW IPad 3
BIG CHANGE to the fcst.
HIGH: 54.
Low clouds  doctorzzle push through from time to time.
Some PM sun possible.
Light rain tonight  Friday
I apologize for the recent myspace slacking that has occurred since tour.
Comp is back up and running so keep those comments comming.
it's EVERYBODY
yeah toatally!
.....that saturday is my prom....
same here!
Beautiful ball movement by the Mavs!
Offense continues to look in sync....
Trying to get use to my track pad.
Where are you playing it, and with whom?
I'm playing it as well, right now!
Wonder if will be at RBIA tomorrow
replied to me 96 days ago :
I spent a year in Senegal.
Loved it.
Love to talk about it.
holler if you want details.
Aaw turtles, i woke up late:/
You gone 4get whatwho your trying to text lol RT : Don't ever text mid smoking blunt...
went with a gift certificate to DiBruno's, a top shelf gourmet store in Philly, and it was a smash hit.
Special thanks to the United States Department of for sponsoring the Green Energy Summit in
Empty halls and gleaming floors.
Life in Tydings is calm before the storm.
Bullshit in the morning
Erbody want yo bitch if or wen u got one
will u show ur love to ur fans by RT this
Ugh I have been up for 27 hours.
Oh well I guess I'll
watch for JR to make a run these last laps
QUICK!!
Name George CLooneys best five movie rolls...
NOW!
Working on the first episode of shit girls say on road trips.
2day feels like 1 of them Fuck Everybody 4 no reason type of days!!!!!
Watching Victorious!
How is the hangover situation this am?
I'm tweeting Mini Marathon times for Troy Cockrum in real time on race day.
Presented by OneAmerica
Do you like Latin girls?
;
At 38 my kids are still buying in, still believe.
Your players take on your personality, if you dont quit on them, they will not quit on u
New Belgium taping people's stories about fat tire tonight  nxt tue from 911  Goodfoot.
Anyone who does has chance to win Fat Tire bike.
All marriages are happy.
It's living together afterwards that is difficult.
yep!
You have inspired me mister meadows I wanna be a teacher like you someday.
I find you as an inspiration : offtopic lol
It was almost like they had a clear sense of where I could/would go before I did.
Oxford comma or not?
Why?
He had a big smile.
Probably just exited Crazy Jim's Blimpy Burger.
last night was chill
Let's talk about this foodcart in S.Waterfront, PDXLet's Eat Thai Food 3 for 2 salad rolls the size of sm.
burritos.
Great lite lunch.
MT : Tech devices don't change edu  they can help  but they don't fundamentally change it.
Change is about people...
Won one lost the other..
Can't win them all
thankyou so much  you do us a great honor!
who's on the twitter 1D account now?:
Santonio has a ton of talent but has always been a jerk.
Needs to grow up.
Hey, thanks much for the follow!
i always pronounced your name as 'airriana grand' instead of 'ahriana grande' whoops lol
That mouse is freaking me out.
RT Despite the challenges you may have faced, especially in today?s turbulent times, it?s time to prepare for a bigger comeback.
Listening to Joe Bishop discuss 21st century learners at
Apples and oranges have a similar molecular structure and you would be better comparing apples to rocks
well, if you ever tell people to go fuck their mom you coulda said if I wanted my comeback Id wipe it off your mom's chin :3
Made it through another day!
Still going strong!
Hope you ejoyed it...cheers!
Downers Grove Location: 5 off spa services.
Call today to make an appointment 6304349053!
thank you for entering our contest!
Winners will be notified soon.
Sorry to see doctorp out of the race for mayor.
He was a good addition to the local conversation, and a friend to cyclists.
Why ?
1.
brand building 2.
increased conversation 3.
community creation
hurry ya ass.
Lmao
AWE lol that's awesome i'm proud of my self : and ur very much welcome   
lamb chops on deck for this weekend's special.
yum!
RT : Just back from a stellar scouting trip to Charlotte w This is going to be good.
shitmyparentsneverworriedabout How does a router work again?
Women have 2 sets lips for a reason: 1 set to argue with, the other to apologize with
yeah but when you express so much how you feel about someone there is always that one who thinks i can change that
one day I hope you notice me :
What about jello salad?
Wrong info you have bro.
No, I didn't see her!
That's what's up
Trying to learn the lady gaga dance now ahha : its hard to learn when your tired :p FYI: VALLEY Doesnt suck!
Super stoked to finallt make it to today, doin the mac and cheese dance.
3 sorry i suck but yeh get there so you can slang shirts.
Yankees or Tigers?
Rangers or Rays?
RT : as long as you're here with me I know I'll be ok
seriously but their stuff is so cute
Flip Murray's coach at Shaw was TMac's coach in HS so maybe they can play together
Check out our new Facebook page for the Raleigh market!
you for Louisville or Kentucky tonight?
RT : On LeadChange Today: 5 Uncomfortable Observations About Workforce Diversity
Nope, I use It's amazing when ATT doesn't throttle you after heavy usage.
Works fine for me.
Hope you're feeling better, having a good weekend.
Happy Valentine's Day!
We're looking forward to you joining us for dinner tonight!
Welcome Shelly, Cindy, Mona, Jill and Tracy!
Thank you joining us!
:
What to expect when expecting
Promoted to Lead Esthetician at Massage Envy Spa in Hermosa Beach.
My team is awesome!
The Day Ahead: No Econ Data, Rumors of Greek PSI Dealy, and MIP Grandfathering
At the Hilton Hotel in Minneapolis for a photo shoot.
And that's when I called Will Farrell.
Btch you bedda be following back.
I was pulling for Buble but Roger won
When mistertorres tells is to read a story 
Generosity and togetherness and community all convalescesscens into...morale, thats what I say, so...
Alors on dance is playing in the place
Have your favorite yea recipe listed on our new site with your name.
Email recipe and your name to .
New site in 2 wks
Thanks, spread the word..and hopefully see you out dancing!
would you say that if the celtics make one more shot last night?
oh well, had no way to know...when does it get cold there?
Boston just put them out
People be saying I'm funny, laughing at me..Like, WTF!!!!
My fat ass ain't said SHAT funny!..
So WTF!..
Is yo ignant ASS..Laughing at?...
Sure I'll tell ma' fraands to do the same if u want..
:P
College Graduation time!
Time for all the fashion majors to get back to workin thier local McDonalds doctorvethru!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNERMilitary ArmyAlan's Letters by Nancy E.
Rial  Gold
Now: Queer Transnational Intimacies and Imaginaries chaired by Lisa Lowe
Don't give it up.
Many mistakes will make something beautiful in the end.
SANTANA INTO THE NIGHT'...bad ass guitar m
If you're looking at picking up Wolf's option for 10m or paying Greinke 20m?
Lose three starters  100 losses?
....and once again i look stupid :l
haha good time I bet u guys working tonight
They wnt give me the time of day for sum reason....
I wonder y ???
We consider bloggers press.
in fact, we view book bloggers as a vital part of the future.
hey ur hot;
there's no hotels to have my party at  so upset
have you been doing that test for like 49464 hours?
Wow my teacher gave me the wrong test.
What is life?
I will never get tired of hearing Jesus Paid it All.
The words penetrate right to my heart every time.
It was too late notice!
Sorry we missed you  tonight won't work eitherthx for the kind mentions though.
Just a quick thought...I want 2 say THANK YOU 2 all my followers/supports/likes...whatever you want 2 call it!
I call it friends and family!
Sad sad situation...
JoePa needs to step down; Cancelling the presser not the way to handle...
so what is there to talk about???
Convey showed well Sat.
Doing anything good for StPatricksDay?
Take a road trip somewhere local and celebrate!
Just saved somebody's paper by suggesting that, when discussing Samuel Taylor, she might wish to say Coleridge instead of Colrige.
Good day!
A/S/L
penny Marshall  Laverne!
With the 294th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Vernon Wells
Bus tix are cheap and I'm staying with a friend, so it won't break the bank.
The program looks so amazing!
I swear i need new music .
6 Things to Know Before Starting a Business
Riots in DC after Jason Werth gets first meaningful hit with the
Thank you sir!
Making coffee right this instant actually!
;
Don't let a day go by that you don't tell those closest to u how much they mean to u because u might not get another chance.
There is danger in both belief and unbelief.
endgame will just lead to defan and being brothers but from what the writers and people are implying I dunno :/
They better be going to see Shabbaz too.
: This type of inquiry normal for top prep players, usually covers top recruits...
I hate using my phone while its charging :o
Forgot two really important things....well I guess they weren't too important.

biggest problem for klout is B2B space; corporate buyers don't engage in same way as B2C.
New formula needed.
Hey your madonna chat is saturday with a live audience?
Not a normal tape day..so how would one reuqest tix?
hell yeah and you you pretty descent wit rapping to.
You should do alot iof rap.
they lovin the crew.
Also, Jackie, our event manager, , is from Pittsburgh and says hi!
He voted for you on AGT :
Bout time u followed me back, u dork lol:
Really?
Did you get a DM or something?
Thanks!
Will change the password, darnit.
Cheers!
you missed a good night.
Beer by the cases.
: have you started the wire
you have the best quotes
Friedoctorch that is
We still need employers in NC,SC,TN,FL,GA,LA,MS,KY,and AL.
Post your projects for free!
Its easy, get bids, get best price, get it done!
Anyone know of a good deal on Pilates in Manhattan?
Day 4 of vacation and my cold hangs on.
This is just wrong!
In no way is this a Good Friday for me...hungover as balls.
You're welcome Jesus xoxo 
GROOVESECT at the Maple Leaf tonight!!!
Thank so much for this.
3 Let's see what we can find out, shall we?
When are you opening in Chicago?
I want to work for you!
why people edit the shit out of pictures to where they have no nose, just to make their eyes look cool, i'll never know
yeah!
you were always lauging!
Some new followers, great local businesses  thanks!
, , , , ,
So it would be 7 locked in?
is that by Eric Sloane?
i cant wait to see it...
you are the greatest!!!
I love you3
Scent marketing: Women with testosterone doctorven HQ also more likely to be sensitive to chemicals, so stick with natural scents
u should follow me now
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
MONTREAL, QC tonight  Underworld Live w/ COME OUT!!!
Agreed!
their event metadata model is very helpful for thinking about issues digital provenance
I hear you are coming for Wine Friday next month!
Excited to see you!
Why have white buildings if not for this film reveal?
Getty's Pacific Standard Time opening.
No, Firelord Ozai.
YOU'RE not wearing pants!
forgot the critical carsmayoralcandidatesdoctorve hash tag
There's not enough Chicano hip hop artist whose name doesn't start with lil or ese.
The game needs a rapper that can turn it up.
I think should follow me cause i'm part of TeamTurquoise ahaha :
Cmmon Hawks u can do this,you can beat these grandpa's
Those are just the same rules you originally posted, but not reblogged
i don know why i love if he is a ordinary boy ...
ok no XD
405N just past Euclid multicar crash, all lanes closed.
Freeway backed up for miles
The still have a lot of good options available!
Come on !!!
Watching ridiculousness :
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 22
When Scott Walker lies forgotten on the ash heap of history, we will still have Cher, and she will look fabulous.
They'll win tomorrow.
This is LeylandBall win one, lose one.
We lost today, we'll win tomorrow.
As for FRI/SUN, sell the tix
haha me too
Absolutely.
When Pau  Bynum dominate the paint like we know they can, they're a dangerous threat to any team.
She told me french kiss me...bitch im african
Powder puff practice was cool tho :
Looking for a great place to lift?
Look no further than !
We offer a 2 hour child watch program while you workout!
Temper takin over
That moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the water is too cold.
I dont wanna go to school tommorow i had such a relaxin weekend waahh .
Y RT : Pollgt; Y/N: This week is The Shittiest Week Ever?
Start planning ahead.
Memorial day is looking crazy toptional here!
Can't wait!
Ladies call to get on out VIP guest list today!
My kitty's spring is stuck under my couch and he won't stop crying :'
Oh sure!
My pleasure.
Talking on the phone weirds me out.
Talking on the phone to a professorssor...
that's a whole new level.
AndyWe might have a solution of high interest.So far, we have kept a low professorle but effective Jan 1, that is changing.
9204505404
I know me too..just when i found out :o
they taste like turnip mixed with cabbage.
I'm not a big fan, but they make stock yummier.
milwaukee Need custom moulding made really fast?Have a knife made in 2 business days thanks to weinig We supply customers with options :
Oh, yes, I'm afraid it is.
At least it's what my job is like.
An hr away from home
Hmm  dusting for prints  Aww thanks you've made my morning!!
Taking the train from NYC to NJ on a Friday night
whatsderekdoctornking Old Grubby Porter
thank you!
Jenna was quite helpful.
Weighing options now!!
How can U be ready 4 the end of the world?
Seems 2me we been monkeying round this whole time, like we ready any no way how
RT : Reporter: Any security issues with looting?
Bloomberg: This is New York.
We don't have that sort of thing.
It's the best thing I've ever seen.
M dinner!
: Make insideout BLTs for dinner: Mix diced tomatoes, crumbled bacon, mayo and croutons; roll up in lettuce.
right that's what I'm sayin', they want us to pay or keep doin' collabs like u mentioned or else they don't pay attention.
Thank you: did go too fast, didn't it?
oh ur so cool cause you shirt, snap back, and shoes match and claim you have swag.
don't confuse personality with ownership.
girl I have a scheduled maintenance this Monday, 60,000 mile service; 550.00  lol
yes, i heard you!
i am so very serious about living my real life
Tulsa ....
St Vincent...
Cains....
Hey Mambo for cuisine
I freakin LOVE when we serve Squab !
Nicely done Chef!
Happy Happy Friday, friends!
oh yeah
Calvin is first player in NFL history w/ 9 TD receptions through first 5 games of season
It looked great!
I don't think anything would have lasted through our marathon shopping adventure.
leave the guy alone and stop being so bipartisan.
We are all Americans.
its a song dummy
Hazza's pretty hilarious doctornk too, though.
Larry doctornk is the best.
Are you ready?
Like READY ready?
This is going to a mini workout that you won't forget anytime soon!
9RoundMinute at Noon.
waiting on my neice to be born so excited i am about to be an auntie again
This is just the thing: an individual, apparently the only measure of the social under neoliberalism, cannot protect against chemicals.
Minioffice remodel underway  will post photos soon.
And hope to have exciting news to share about the practice...
Pissing little kids off?
: you sound like David lol wow
Hahahah, you're welcome.
yeah...you're not going to go to sleep.
that thing is addicting.
lol
Singing Taylor Issues : 3
not yet!
: Happily encamped on Pocahontas St.
since last nite.
notgettingshitdone xo
Free Anazing quesadillas chips and dip at work for cinco de mayo, I'll take it!
Do u think uve ever recycled something and then used it again later but in its new recycled form??
RT : Girls, keep sitting Indian style on stuff.
Lovin' it.
No further instructions at this time.
well It looks like I'm not running the half marathon this year.
I can barely walk today..
Fartsmell trying to buy a call
Oh man.
That oatmeal has been in there since fall!
I need to sort it out.
The First Wave of Player Endorsments will be announced Feb 6th 2010...
Stay Tuned!!!
Big Night Out cooking in a suite a
Hoping to get plenty of tips on blogging!
Right On Beautiful i'll watch : We love it when your on : besos
Tv shows are just rich people being stupid
Make sure you Link with
Beware the Ides of March...
though still always better than the Ides of April.
Isn't a baker's dozen an extra one?
I don't know.
Just confused myself.
Dammit.
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Wild rumpussing will never be the same again...
As much as i adore Hello Kitty, im gonna have to let her go : Too many hoes on the dick.
Strictly speaking, there are no enlightened people, there is only enlightened activity.
shunryu suzuki
damn shame..
lol
Long day tomorrow off to the tag office to get my tag so the cops can stop stoping me!
Ugh
SLB I need emails.
Libraries can't compete for commercial content, so why try?
Service should be focused on empowering/enabling community creation
time to even up this series!
Nashville needs to stick to banjos!!
Thanks guys!
Lets rage.
RT : Happy birthday to let's party!
Thanks for the follow from a Torontonian in exile since 1972!
Glass House was packed tonight but my Blue Raiders couldn't get the win.
kk ill be on it soon !!
Hat!
will work on pics!
Party!
: You were kind to give hat.
here terreculas had 3 tds last night, u watch it?
most def....and do the same www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
How often is the CPO stock refreshed on the vzw website?
I'm looking specifically for a cpo thunderbolt.
Can you help?
Hope you two are having fun.
Lillian is doctorwing a picture for Santa.
: And she is pretty tired too.
Furious and Happy at the same time.
furiouslyhappy.
Merry Christmas eve!
Kids alseep.
Santa almost here.
Mom almost asleep.
The best thing about using sarcasm on the internet is that even people who are thinking the exact opposite will agree with you.
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.
Pablo Picasso
My cousin boyfriend childish.
Lmao .
The same girl has been in our store every day this week trying to shop lift.
The commercials are doctorving me nuts, it's not free money.
It's the gov giving you back a portion of the taxes you already paid.
At lunch with mom and sister...dad stepmom and brother randomly walk in.
Looks like you've made it a long way from MD.
Congrats man.
Glad to see that The Mountain served you well.
Kyle Singler?
Really?
How sad is it that Portland radio is so bad I just considered putting the kids' music on in the car.
Without the kids in the car.
How many times can you accept the apology of the same mistakes?
It's not even a mistake anymore, it's more to your choice to do it.
It's desire and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living
The people who take risks are often the ones who end up being the happiest.
Absolutely!!!
Especially if I'm not the one cutting it!
Ha!
Hick Red Band Trailer
University of illinois basketball
Yet another extremely embarrassing game.
Yet another, yes another, losing season.
Pulling for my homey, Michael Vick.
Bye Skins!
how could you hold out that long.
i get every morning.
: San Fran what up?
it's only 8:30 right now.
go to bed.
big game tomorrow.
looks like Ron tonight!!!
Played excellent D and looks leaner, faster, meaner!
Wow.
James Turrell's art is pretty much what I think about.
Light and colour.
Nice touch, mang.
Tonight!
invades in Philadelphia!
damn u really are
kept me up till 4am, such a bad influence.
Where is your assistant or...what do you call her?
My wife?
Oh, office talk!
Had a wonderful time at the annual luncheon today!
Congrats to their team!
black bean burgers  Labyrinth :
: Girls suffer from PMS, periods, cramps, childbirth, shaving, plucking, makeup dilemmas and high heels.
Guys just complain.
I'll totally admit it.
My first crack at a dairyfree coconut cream pie filling was...not pleasant.
Onto round two.
did you for real do that HC3 on your lip????!!!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Wait when did all my girls become mommy's!?
What ever happened to meet me in the club it's goin down?!?!
:D
Thanks and !
We're so happy with it!
There are some talented and extremely creative professorssionals at !
I can't wait until senior year!
:D
RT : something i thought i'd NEVER ever do.
just admitted to on TV that i have tattoos.
didn't me to out you!
do you service palm desert?
I just gave out your number if so!
amen  RT : Life is fucking good rite now!
Where can we find you before or after an O's game?
the TV show Frasier.
I watch it every day.
God bless you all who followed me ...
thanks
love.
Tickets are cheaper.
Food in general is cheaper.
The field is actually mowed.
Maybe the A/C will be turned on.
Cutting out snowflakes.
Feeling artsy.
Magic Number  25!!!
Had fun with Jenny ;D
I know right, and last year for us 2011ers?
Been pretty sweet for the last two years!
played great today, and to all the haters out there, keep on hatin' HAAAAN!
Who do we bring in?
is this a lyric or real ..lol did her dirty
Been talking to on Facebook!
Man, what great support they are for HPH!!!
Thanks!
RT : HFD to my dad, and my uncle, !
have a lovely day guys!
What r we doing this for?
You promised us we were gonna change things.
You said we'd get jobs, interviews, Itrusted you.
Look what hapened
Bringing up a child in the chaotic conditions of poverty must be something like building a skyscraper on quicksand.
Its about a hundoctord dollars a minute.
5 minute minimum...also depending the act.
if I have to hire people etc.
I gave away all of my heels.
Not.
Worth.
It.
I'm a city girl  always walking:
time for movies and rdv later.
what is some good movies out?
haha its not its small aha!
Thanks for the retweet!
Helping others is one of the best ways to feel better about yourself!
Lake George NY, batueax below inc created shipwreck celebs; and preventative measures to curb unintentional diver damage 
thanks Steve
Thanks for Retweet !
on the show now!
go to queenofthering.tv now
Meliztzana Imam didn't last very long...was there last night.
Everything was amazing, however eggplant was sorely missed!
you look so cute in this picture.
this is what i call SWAG
I look good.
The Pilot episode goes live at 5!
Check back in 45 minutes!
Only thing I saw was Ben's sick ass fro!
If you would stop attaching cutesy signatures to your email, then I could mass delete your messages much faster
Thank god tomarrow is Friday!
Chef Hicks is cooking up a storm in Ft Worth.....
Had to tell her face down ass up
Good Morning!
Looks to be a windy day here in Pittsburgh!
TOP QUALITY RABBIT HUTCHES !
Came home to a birthday card in the mail from the president of Bronx Community College.
Made me smile real big.
Adios Hanzal.
Enjoy getting your golf game back before your teammates get theirs.
Absolutely stupid play.
What a moron...
Just to visit the sister.
Reminds me of New York.
sigh
Its an amazing song  MV.
: So I finally watched the video to 'Father'!!!!
cereal bar in McMahon was a success!
tomorrow is Breakfast For Dinner at Hillel from 810!
Hot breakfast!
Thanks for bringing this to my attention.
Nice to see all of this data in one place.
When did the page launch?
My dog is scared of my Mom.
Thank you, and : Yes!
A pretty great day!
Woke up this morning to what I thought was a miracle.
Turns out, I slept with my contacts in.
Looks like it's a glasses kind of day.
Thanks WJSU 88.5 FM for broadcasting my recordings of How High the Moon and Cry Me a River this weekend!
Aloha Jackson, MS!
ALERT: Attention bikers, don't get off your bike in the middle of a congested road on campus.
Someone might run into you.
Stay strong.
id like me some titties with those fries
Not holding to the keeping it shtum plan then?
yuh should stop before you get unhealthy its not good D; im tryna stop too not really workin lol
I forgot I should be tweeting.
Sister got smacked for screaming at my mom
going through my updates and
U been on the same level since high school...upgrade
I wish my parents believed in wifi.
BBQing?
Come and get all your bbq food items...try our delicious marinated chicken!
more: looking for best .NET or PHP interfaces/SDKs for doctorpbox
On GW's birthday, surprised to learn that he lost all but one of his teeth cracking Brazilian nuts in his mouth.
I don't know if I like this echofon app yet
I want some subway.
Lol
Suppose I should quit being lazy  get in the shower 1ofmyflaws ha dinner date tonight!
What is everyone else in milwaukee up to tonight?
hey twitter 
yeah, I didn't even think about that when I got the tickets.
Only realized today.
Y when u doctorven u look over at sum1 they look rite bak
Looking forward to boot camp tonight w/ !
erl12 included in subject fund lists: titles, sub source, LC class, usage, cost
hi trevor!
I hope you know that you know nothing.
Ready for the weekend
Most RSVPs need this option RT One of the checkable options on this RSVP is simply Regret.
GamerPickupLines If I hit your box, do coins come out?
Fuck.he was hot.and funny.And of corse flirting with my friend:/
Check out Yale's ANTH 172 vs.
ARCG 172.
If you're checking out AA then try Chicago, Princeton  Missouri depending on Culture
Good morning :
Yes im in
Welp, Time To Call My Baby Bacc!
A troublemaker plants seeds of strife; gossip seperates the best of friends.
Proverbs 16:28
I've seen Powerhouse demos, nothing specific to Refine though
haha I know what your checklist includes bro
ah you're too kind!
THANKS!
Listening to Marcel O'Gorman describe reading  making  writing pedagogies for intervening in hyper/deep attention binary
WATER BALLOON WALLSTREET......COLD FRIGID WATER....that would get their attention......FUN 2 !!!!!
LOL :P
Do you want to get and updates in one place?
Follow us at !
that good baby
gonna talk shit?
do it right: in person: accurate information.
Not just what will ralley your little friends along someone on instagram
First team to 70 wins?
cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far?
: .
I felt bad because you'd already retweeted it, but I couldn't handle it.
Not sure.
Lot's going on that day.
But, I will let you know.
I'm sure it will be a great convention!
Yes, yes I do love salsa.
i hope these niggas dont think its gon b easy they whole lifes
yo momma so nasty she gotta creep up on her bath water
Thank you!
You too!
I'm in the middle of moving.
Sold my house  hope to find an apartment this week :
Bummer 2 of the morning: the Summer job I really really wanted is done hiring.
Officially.
I need a new plan w less than 6wk of school left.
Me and hannah and kiana are in a single swagg circle.
We get pizza sometimes and kiana said tht she is gonna be all alone bc we like som ...
Thanx 2 Lithium for hosting a great event  enjoyed hearing from Best Buy's Gina, Motorola's Randy, Leapfrog's Jaeme  Verizon's Becky
I miss you!!!!!!!
: stop being such a stranger slicerrrrr
We are about to come out with a 3 tier deal on Groupon.
Look for it people!
There's plenty of COM swag that we can bring over if Eddie wins...
nf follow back :
odd arcane laws: California law prohibits a woman from doctorving a car while doctorssed in a housecoat.
I can't smoke right now my G.
MoneyOnMyMind RT you no I'm always the same ole mike..
Come thru ..
Blaze n
Nice one!
I remember this used to b Chris B
Are you the female North Beach lifeguard responsible for having that handsy 58 yearold Jacato doctorve resident detained?
Anybody know if the bar at the top of the downtown Milwaukee Hyatt rotates?
Or did I just make that up in my head?
Hhaha..
Me too...
I just write stupid things...lol
do you still watch the contest videos that people made for you?
Sapong's tried the diving header about 7 times now.
He'll get one
I sense embarrassment in my future...the kind of embarrassment that takes you back to middle school.
HAHA!
uh oh
Let's get the white russians consumed and get the rest of the 35 girls doctornk!
; Let's do this!
Free promotion?
Get more for yourself at the site on my professorle.
You will thank me : do you follow 4 follow?
what's for supper?
I've been hearing that for 43 years...
Thank You!
I missed that game, Can't wait for the season to start again!
Any plans to do it again this year?
can u help me plz and thank u :D
Cause I don't know who I am without you
no not yet :
u didn't see Kat today?
Within minutes of posting the Big Island location, we had a Kauai signup also!
Spots continue to dwindle.
Is there a term for when Windows blue screens as it shuts down, causing it to reboot and start up again?
there's no cure for that INSECURE
Monday is here again!
How was your HCG weightloss over the weekend?
'Cause I totally love baby sitting until midnight, then taking late night showers on school nights...
smfh.
Can I buy dopamine off the street?
I did something bad yesterday that I felt horrible for, but I know I'm going to do it again, I just wish I didn't have to.Downer!
got tickets for tonight?
We'd love to go
sure, just let me know I would love to share my experience
But my name is mel :D
How much better it would be if I were outside right now!
SO BEAUTIFUL here in
There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos.
Police camped out on da met niggaz aint doing shit but bbq'n and playing cards thisty ass
I definitely thought MGK was black
I miss talia Andoctora and mayra so much.
Hunger Games premier!!!!:D
Chillin Till I See The Lady Later
The beer is flowing like a good piss tonight!
Just played pokemon for 2 hours in class
Any doctorgon Boaters out there?
We'll be looking for you Saturday am by the Esplande Ask Duckey!
Wishlist 2011: Bourbon Barrel Abominable w/ classy wax coating.
I have.
Very tasty!
Im so lookin forward to this weekend.
yea I definitely spilled some last night but I can still smell it and Im half ass hanging so it makes it that much worse lol
LAKERS STILL STUCK..WITH THAT SAID..TIME FOR EVERYONE ATTENTION TO B ON FIFA WORLD CUP....
she's the best for the twitter love!
My mixtape wasn't signed either and I was like number 16 fam!!!
RT Thank you and rest in peace, Peter Marzio, from another whose life you improved w/o ever meeting.
hiwi
Dam you two beers!
Making me have pee on the way home!
standing on the Mountain tops in Colorado making lots of noize for the 3
Hey back at ya!
Lol I'm good
I think you should have the new Rdio now for 2 months.
I won a trivia question  could give access
Fuck this TAKS!
No reason for us freshmens to come to school.
Thanks to all for entering our twitter ticket giveaway!
We have ended the contest and winners will be notified shortly.
See you at the Kickoff Party?
RT Heading to Indy tomorrow for the Championship.
I'll be the one wearing red.
Yu Darvish has a nasty, nasty breaking ball.
Better?
It'll never get old not in my soul,my spirit will keep it alive
Retweet if u got some bomb ass pussy n u know it
No, it's sold out :
UP ALL NIGHT!
Reading out of all things!
No way!
So, do we.
We also like kids who are into looking confused about being subjected to rad doom riffs for 45mins.
RT : Hey folks at conf: Come to systemsbuilding networking event tonight, 56:30, Fort Worth 7!
I heard he's a real asshole!
RT : have you met yet?
Tonight: 'Contagious Behavior'  Ladies, receive Open Champagne Bar by texting the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 
Thank you so much!
We had a great meal last night at Muzita Abyssinian Restaurant on Park Blvd last night with good friends.
Great company, wonderful food!
you're thinking you want another RedBull!
I love your tweets!!:
that won't win Barkley the heisman though...
Businesses are not stagnant  they are either growing or dying.
From at Leadership Conference.
i left my window open a little last night.
ya know so i would have to cuddle up cause it gets colder.
but now i have a sore throat:
...my brotha...how you been?
We aint rapped in a minute....hope all is well...
When I hear Wear My Hat by Mac Miller all I think about is you.
Even though it's such a gay song..
Thanks to everyone who turned in an application yesterdaywe can't wait to read how you're going to turn Baltimore upside down!
sorry to miss you.
You're doing interesting things  would like to talk with you.
Will try to plan ahead for anaheim
The birds in my hood wake up at 4:45am........
I was going to try to sleep in 'til 5am........
That doctoram IHad last night: oh my!
Killed it
i can't wait to be 17 this year and 18 next year lol.
and i know time has gone fast.
Rendezvous!
Excellent choice for some Memphis style doctor rub ribs!
Thank you!
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' TOSHIBA has just left with her Wonderful loving Family :
Already tired
I bought the very first sweatshirt but I apparently suck at getting your attention....
UHMAZING!!!
Hahaha SO excited for you to hear it!!!
U rock my socks off!
Kiss Our Belieber Ass 3 LOVE THIS!
RT if your zodiacsign is a
Well look who decided to join Twitter.
Welcome my homie to the Twitter world.
Everybody follow him.
If you are looking to combine tried and true Sales Training with state of the art Social Media integration, Ron Nash is your guy.
Ron's Li
Looking forward to seeing COMMUNITY back tonight!
I'll get home just in time.
Would love them to do another episode!
In range, just waiting for that brace from Corey Ashe.
Oh, wait...
Another FUN morning of PT awaits for me tomorrow.
Paying constant copays when you're unemployed kinda doctorins your bank account :/ boo!
Back from a long Sunday morning walk with my sweetie.
Chilly air, sunshine and breakfast burritos, now coffee and football.
Ah...
Wizards beatin the heat
great seeing you the other day!
how goes it?
Thank you and right back at you
Sorry I'm not gonna watch some pathetic low life bring down one of my best friends.
Spring cleaning time?
Get your exterior powerwashed or repainted, or perhaps some interior painting?
Call us today!
8779125252
NewFeds tip3: if you can't answer the question, admit so, that you haven't come across it, but are willing to look into it
Also carrying a minimum of two crystals on myself including a special one given to me by EZ of xoxo
Their fondling nuts just to make ends meet
Whats the boys twitter names?
Really excited to see The National and Arcade Fire tonight!!
we had something of a mix up today, but we will be at union station this Friday 
Q 6 is right out of the book The Busy Homeschool Mom's Guide to Romance I rate it a top 10!
Why is bob vila following me???
Oo
Just realized that all us girls are single this summer...
we're kicking it off w/MDW in VEGAS!!!
The promos online right now make me laugh more than most 30 min.
sitcoms on the air right now..
agrees
I'll give it a try.
Still feels like weird concept to read a book on iPhone.
at you are officially number one on my most hated companies list, congratulations.
ha I make em not make an take care 1 or the other
how did I miss this event?!
I've wanted to try since I learned about it a couple of months ago.
Need a personal trainer?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
I watch it every week because it's MST3K level riffable.
Gett a broom and hit the ceiling while screaming :
Congrats to and on their new marriage.
Great things lie ahead for MOMA's Digital Learning initiatives.
Watching Whitney's funeral makes me think we should celebrate our lives like this Gospel choir does, but when we are alive!
Music is beautiful.
You're attitude is so far from lyrical.
Snuck a peek at the bio.
Well My Night Has Ended Well..!
Night TweetHeartz..!
you're welcome!
17?
You're just a big fan of saving messages!
behonest2012 was so AMAZEBALLS!!!
Can't wait to show next year.
thanks for the tweet back jerk!
ha
Give him more head than shampoo.
thanks for the follow
are you talking about our hippo?
Go Follow for a followback from me.not kidding!Im watching.go guys!
Yes, incredible image.
Mike Bordick commentates like he played.
Tries hard, a gem every once in a while but mostly average.
Last call for CSWCPWOODS today at 2pm!
Last call!
:Hey!
Thanks!
: I'm good...lots of things happening, good things!
How are you?
Agreed homie.
And the new batch is all that.
hi justin bieber i AM an over obsessed fan
I don't think he did.
ADARN SCHETTER is not a credible source.
LIKE US LIKE US LIKE US!!!!
Walked home from work today.
Picked up heavy things repeatedly at the gym.
Then ate an entire Tombstone pizza...
holy shit...
I'm having a major breakthrough with r.
Omg I can't even.
10/5/1938: German govt ordered Jewish passports marked with large, colored J so Jews cant pass as Christians  smuggle into Switzerland
That moment when you realized you only accomplished 3 days of school
Stopping the replay of what you could've done better and trusting your choices, makes it even more enjoyable!
;
Just dont give up what youre trying to do.
Where there is Love and inspiration, I dont think you can go wrong.
Ella Fitzgerald
first things first: huge cuppa coffee, and 15 minutes of to start the day.
There is no greatness with out a passion to be great..
Anthony Robbins
: what's your problem sinner?
Too many no's at the fair and u had to resort to that slumpbuster from yesterday
Video Production Service's MusicVideos EditingJobs Commercials Rappers Artist Search Facebook For David Michael.
SwagMyVideo.Com
thank you!
can't wait to see it!
Jesus the name that charms our fears, that bids our sorrows cease; 'tis music in the sinner's ear, 'tis life, and health, and peace.
me or her or both?
Lol
Is still haunted to this day by what I had to do for that Klondike bar..
Sometimes I wonder if I will ever be good enough.
PCA okay I love pca but im tired of tweeting
the members of 1D are to cute!
Last Science Librarian hours of the semester, now til 1:30 in JE114.
Ive recorded more in 2011 than any other time of my life
I'm tired of sneezing :/
I'm fine baby and you?
Are you still havin' exams or what?
Good to see you back, darling
P.s they were deseptogons.
So then my phone would transform and smash them.
Long hair don't care
Need a Marquette GIrl to pass out Flyers for our COLLEGE NIGHT THIS THURSDAY!
Fuck fuck fuck a duck screw a kangaroo finger bang an orangutan orgy at the zoo.
ma la rawe!
I hope you're having fun!
Blue Man Group tonight; Orlando in a few months.
The life of an Provost is tough sledding....
;
Don't let anyone put you down!
Because you're a great person.
And sexy.
; HAHAHA!
Love you.
Don't be fooled.
I love a good business meeting where I get to break some balls ; x
Hitting the stage at 7:30 pm TONIGHT is Orange Avenue at !!
MORNING SORRY BOUT THAT TEXT YESTERDAY UMM CAN U SAY WRONG PERSON LOL
needs to accept the fact that I always win!
Have plenty of charcoal.
Could do either.
alright, so is there anything in particular that you guys would really LIKE me to post about?
i'm all ears.
All teenage girls are obviously skanks.
Yeah that's logical bro.
Who is the one actor / actress that you've not yet worked with that you would like to?
Prayer changes things!
sometimes, something isnt meant to be, and you cant keep trying to fix it.
Don't think it's true you have ppl who just want to read facts  ppl who want to dialogue.
2 diff kinds of learning
Want the My Barbarian PoLAAT soundtrack
131, finally no more undefeated talk.
If you follow tell him and he will follow back
Life is amazing :
wrappin up this new song ive been writing gonna record it when i get back to the studio tonight
Royals prospect.
hashtag is  wcma
what are you doing up this late?
Presenter: Every moment of the day is an opportunity to share you story.
lol I was only leaning like a cholo
This years Homecoming festivities will be celebrated the week of 10/8/12, leading up to the homecoming game on 10/13/12, Pitt Louisville.
Such a long day I don't even remember where my car is from this morning...
Better go back to tweeting about sports to stay out of trouble.
Just saying.
Everytime you meet a guy its the same thing over and over again.
when you sing it's over,such a strange numb,it could bring back peace to the earth...so god bless you all.For the song you saved us....
or douching with Lysol.
Now THAT sounds like hella fun.
I grew up in New England, so this is an easy day to stay in and be sick...
in more ways than one.
It's not too late to stop in tonight!
duh!!
JK!
miss you tons!
My sibling life is very complicated!
I will be there at 1030!!!
How come Ronald Raygan didn't announce who he's endorsing yet?
Exactly!
I continue to kill the person that did that to me with kindness.
It will open a big door to better people
very welcome!
:
Thanks for the RT, Steve!
You're awesome
FF definitely follow these great cycling people
says if wasn't for me, it would just be aweso
Excited to announce my trio's album official release date in France..
April 12th.
Thanks to all my peoples that held me down today in my video shoot!
Jennifer Anniston is the only reason I watched that movie
Registration just opened today  right before noon.
liber2011 Lorcan's Netflix favorite categories: 1 cerebral independent films 2 romantics from the 1980s.
:
Thanks to the riders, students, staff, and volunteers for another amazing
I don't wanna miss a thing.
Visa  Niners teamed up in 2009 to put the logo on their practice jerseys.
Just for practice.
Hoping this Claritin kicks in soon....
i am on my way home right now, i will try to make it!:
lol i read that book
Hard row to hoe....how am I suppose to explain that in catch phrase?!
Just bought a doctorss from my phone while in the car on the way to the beach with EJ.
I just want to be proud of me.
Slowly but surely I think I am becoming more and more of that hipster douche type I hate.
I think it's too much NPR and vampire weekend.
Zimmerman's attorney is the cowardly liar just like his lying hiding client.
Jewish Proverb Dont open a shop unless you know how to smile.
Need to lay down
it's all good dontownoneeither :P
if the floppy isn't actually floppy, it isn't THAT old.
STARR is gayy!.
Have y'all seen the chronicle article on black studies?
, , ,
Kemp is a monster!
KeMVP!!!
Johnson County paramedic loves medicine and racing
Have you texted FacebookPJ to 90210 for your change to win a FREEPIZZA yet?
If not, what are you waiting for?
Normal messaging rates apply.
God bless America!!!!!!!
Thank you for supporting our troops!
Having a blast with and all the gals at the Chino air show!
start busting your subs unmatured nuts a bit more then
Welcome, mister Luck, now its time to work on your cliches
Gillian Wearing, at Whitechapel Gallery, Seven magazine review: The YBA, Gillian Wearing, has an uncanny knack f..
luv you too
After today, I've decided I hate middle school childoctorn.
yes of course!
i wish spots were never made, the one ive got fucking kills grrr!
Thanks for sharing this post with your followers
Hanging out with and at house wine.
Join us for some wine and relax
I hate that feeling when you want to know something but you don't want to ask.
I remember that place!
Just saw a lady using a magnifier to use her phone, just another reason we need to design tangibles better that includes interfaces!
Ericsson and AlcatelLucent maintained top ranks in LTE Shipments
Annual garage clean out.
Good times!
Just can't figure out why it looks like it's never been done before.
Brain Floss: In Vermont, it is technically illegal for women to wear false teeth without the written permission of their husband!
bloody hell I've got malware...again : This week's infographic will be posted as soon as I can regain access to the backend!
Made by an ass hole spammer dick
work hard, play hard.
Where are all of the Mahomies at?
Me: HOLLAAAAA!
That was corny but I wanted my 2000th tweet to b special
But I didn't say a percentage forever, I said a percentage that paid back the work.
Be sure to share LAVT with your friends and family!
And follow me on twitter
Love people not because they give you what you need, but because they give you feelings you never thought you needed.
:
Come by beaumont kroger and see best selling author Katherine Coulter.
That's awesome, it's a great car.
Enjoy!
by Francis Chan?!
haha, ill be back on may 19th for the black rabbit caberet, you coming?
I don't think I want to know what that tweet was about
thnx Liz!
:.
Day starting out very good.
Hope yours is full of smiles and blessings!
Cute watch!
:
loll oh my gosh i really don't know what we were thinking 3
Don't forget to put your car in park when you get out of it.
Live from the kitchen
If I were to get in a fight at school, it would probably be because someone was saying something bad about Austin..
its 7:30..been taking a nap..too finals tomorrow..
hello insomnia.
Happy Monday!
What are you going to do today to unlevel the playing field?
what's wrong?
Intuition woke me up, Confidence made me breakfast, Motivation gave me my agenda  Destiny gave me its blessing to enter world  be great.
So grateful for the new followers!
Welcome.
Hey Everyone Please Check Out Our Website !!
Look For Our Daily Deal's
What do we gotta do to get you in that cage??
Come on , get this man in the octagon!!
Awww thanks S.S.
I take it Don was a touchtone early adapter...
Tomorrow playing in Detroit 9 pm, come see us
Great to see you helping spread the word about Ross.
His work is important.
I feel like I am tweeting to my self right about now
set bro
I love that your blog says, like the kingdom in the Lord of the Rings movie!
guess what??
The US  Japan pledged on Friday 10 million  3 million in humanitarian aid for refugees  internally displaced persons in Syria.
Check out new 6 course menu!!!
It's a hot move
Challenge Spotlight  Austin Munoz
working on two computers and realizing the clouds are overtaking the sun.
Dance party at 11:30pm with last night in my kitchen...
Roommateless for the first time in 9 years!
Perfection...
KEVIN BACON.
The riskiest thing is to take no risks
Cause they know they'll never be even close to that awesome.
THANK GOD IT'S WORKING AGAIN
YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen u've experienced legitimate fear that the doors that u go through at the T were going to chop you in half.
Listening to SaySomethin and goodnight guys!3
s/o to on the late BDay shout out from PHLIteSkooLPHAMily 
Caught up on the Office tonight.
If Andy leaves after this season I will be so sad 
no it was 2
Happy birthday beautiful girl!
I hope you get spoiled!!!
I Have A Day  A Half Left.
I Only Wanna Talk To One Person But I See That's Not Happening So
on Gotterdammerung.
Great Saturday listening!
when are u not high?
lmfaooooo ;;
Off to by my graduation shoes!
2 more weeks!
Graduated last month with BFA from OSU and sold my first piece at the great OSU Urban Arts Space!
Excited for Cincy gallery scene!
Found old backpack 2007?
It has disks w/ old cook's schedules I use to write.
Index cards from my SDSU classes.
A B1 centerpiece by cont.
man, that's sweet!
My first 25 years: expression,expansion,exploringexperiencingso my next 25 are about family,fearlessness,financial freedom, and focus!
Happy Birthday.
I hope all your birthday wished come true.
I'll get it back.
Had to take an out of town trip ;
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Clarke, Mobile  Washington Counties until 07:30 PM
Money got my mind blown
Hittin' the scene last few days revealing on many levels.
Tonite I'll start at Legion then late night
Thanks for giing some of our fellow Hoosiers a wonderful memory durig a tough time in life!
The parfait is a side.
Idk why you were told it isn't.
I'll follow up w/ owner.
I'm sorry.
Plz DM me so I can get more info.
and right above something dirty.
A father is always making his baby into a little woman
So long Miami.
See ya next year.
Next up is Jason on tutorials used as supplements to ALR and 1L classes where they don't get a lot of time.
Anyone in Little Rock, AR?
Hate Mondays.
Annoy Tuesday.
Ignore Wednesday.
Smile Thursday.
Love Friday.
Enjoy Saturday.
Damn Sunday!
that's almost a Rosemary's Baby!
I never wanted to be famous.
I only wanted to be great.
Ray Charles
Can't sleep xx
Thank you for the mentions:
I used an app called Snapseed.
unbelievably gorgeous 360deg views from up here...
236 is now in the mix of this twitter page!
Noticed that created her slideshare acct and uploaded one of her past presentations before TRMA585 Final  great idea
Pac 12 needs to change venue of basketball tourney...the attendance and atmosphere is a joke.
They are wasting good popcorn  electricity
I always seem to get sick during the UAT phase of a major project.
What she said : bestrong : go to bed.
I don't know what it is about Jezebel but every time I read it, I feel like I've wronged someone egregiously.
Reading up, math scores low
all night?
Thundershirts poster boy??
you really should check it out.
It's where trips enoteca used to be.
I was really impressed!
sorry to hear that.
Obviously result vary with the writer, the needs and the fit between the two.
Happy to help joe email
Have a killer season!
I'll be watching
I hearby release the use of my name at AAS3rdcentury.
Cite me as you like.
Gr8t job hosting  judging the VIPVOICE on NBC4 U guys shld b on Idol  the real
:o no honey im talking about you ....
lol i is no hoe
You link dont work!
Hey!
I want to know what albums or tracks would you bring with you if YOU were stuck in mine.
One miner in Chile asked for Elvis.
Letmeknow!
Watched a bunch of movies today with my mom.
Now I am going to sleep!
Goodnight!
's tweets always make me smile...
Love that man!
shoutouts to for being a guy Baeza supporter and being a great boyfriend to my auntie !
:
you'll commit suicide tryna read my mind...
screw face that!
Everyone is all like Blah blah I go out with friends on Friday night and I'm all like I have no friends, someone please invite me.
boots to asses
I think Darnton was noting that big publishers were getting the work for free
thanks for playing GARRETT!
Well yes, you can go that direction as well  comedic.
Could sell them in Urban Outfitters and such.
It does me too sometimes I cry tears just flow!
70 degrees today in Chicago, I'll take it!
Birthday shout out to the one and only !!
Love you so much babe 
We are testing a major upgrade to our servers.
Subscribers, please test using the basic service and let us know about any issues.
It's all about takin risks!
And I am not going stop until makes the pain of balls and follows me!
Thank you for the message.
Im so happy you like our site!
it was created with Nurses!
Watching the day after good thing i knew the day before
she's always been great until now!
I have to finish this entire project in one night .
procrastination 
Talk Derby to me
Stay tuned for an upcoming announcement of how YOU can help and be a part of Hierosonic.
We have two words for you: STREET TEAMS!
Thank you man!
going to Roger's
My brother is going to a college in NYC called Dubspot.
chsconf: preconf more basic than expected.
Not sure if this is where the bar is or where the LCD is.
Or bcz it was a repeat of last year?
I can't help but feel sad for the parents of DJHenry, they deserve justice as well.
Once again thank yall for all da birthday wishes!!
Last night after dinner I was full so I called it da night and never made it to da club!!
we released the shirt design on facebook, check it out!
presales end on the 15th, email or DM us to order!
10!
SHOUTOUT to because she didn't go to school!
and now i have to perform with someone else!
plus i took her a rose  it died t
RT if u listen to songs that have lil wayne in then just for
Good preparation can look like prophecy in retrospect.
I miss you short stuff .
RT: iranelection gr88this Sat June 20 4:00 PM Enghelab Sq.
Tehran Iran Please Share any which way you can
Happy Saturday!
I'm heading over to the Apple store this morning!
:
my background on this twitter..
It's new
Maybe I need to explore the Lotus Sanctuary DC or NYC?
last line makes me :  : Vin Scully will miss tomorrow's game.
But his condition is improving.
Could be back this weekend.
a male grasshopper?
RT : Who have the grasshopper dick other than the Chris Bosh and Ultimate Warrior tell me
Thank you!
congratulations!!!
I just got your email :
I'm impressed you actually convinced her to do both those things.
Hand fully recovered  found a label for last year's 365.52.12 CD Project  things are happening!
Hibernation is over!
My dog Sushi turned 14 today, that is equivalent to 72 human years.
That's impressive.
Well I'm not closeted to the guys I've fucked, and if your a guy I know and you end up seeing my page..
well, you figure it out
If one more californian tells me I shouldn't feel cold cause I'm from new york someone is getting punched in the mouth
Advanced screening passes to TheDictator  the new SachaBaronCohen flick!
Listen to he's got'em appx 7:30pm
Actor Fest is almost here!
Come visit us at our Rapid Reelz booth, 149 In the exhibit hall for your chance to win a free scene!
!
follow me Teamdior 
You're a winner in last week's Bobcat contest.
Direct message us your adoctorss and we'll send you the album.
what up misterYoung?
Pride is a spiritual Cancer: It eats up the very possibilty of love, or contentment, or even common sense
Prayer changes things
thank you for the FF love!
We are getting mad props on the new wrap on the
breastfeeding, but this is clearly about attention, selling copies, and righteous vanity/shock value.
not my jam
Heard on radio tonight: the person was treated in a hyperbolic chamber.
They are so relevant doe.
McIntire like to doctorss up as John Whitherspoon...
Dnt u jus love wen a girl say she love u.
But dnt mean it....
Pshhhhhh
I think I need to get one now
about to delete my twitter!
The red moscato I picked up at the store tonight on a whim gets a thumbs up from me.
So does the gazpacho a coworker of mine made.
Yum!
Recent?
SF LA Chicago Denver Palm Springs Boulder Phoenix Burlington MI TN : Where have you taken your Goorin?
FreeHatFriday
Great seats still avail for this fun event that fundoctorises to keep music alive with our youth!
Don't want you to buy me the world ..
Just be here with me in it
when i buy new things, i also like to place them on the floor and leave them there
Death is but a trend
pouring!
thundering!
april showers!
yay!
Happy Hanukkah!
Be careful out there tonight...after that first menorah candle gets lit, those Jews turn into some rowdy asshle sonbtches.
I could see myself having a job here,either in casting,or writing.
Oh yeah,gonna hook that up while i'm here.
think u have to use tweetdeck
I have ref desk tonight.
Here's hoping for no demons.
They are better than you would think.
They would be mind blowing if high.
Yum!
How do you like it?
your picture is beautiful
Had a great night celebrating a friend's bday at the Rock in Bothell.
Run at Carkeek park in Seattle tomorrow.
still waiting for a call back from last Friday.
Damn, season starts and they forget about cha
I'm there.
Checking my twitter...
not talking to you.
august 28th.
mark it in your calendars!
that's the last perf.
that's right, ladies and gents.
we're extending another week.
True story homie....
Remember when I had black hair?
: Being at the game, but still having to watch the highlights to see what happened.
TFM.
I think u would love NC!
I can see you've been stepping up your twitter game
i read this wrong.
I was speechless.
The wheels are turning...looking forward to April 2729
Tell me about it!
I just saw some guy out jogging in shorts...no doubt in denial.
Tell me if you ever get down to Austin.
Pres Mike is on the mike right now!
With arms full of beer, sauerkraut and giant dill pickles, I'm surprised no one has asked me, Are you going to Sausage Fest?
10ThingsIHateAboutYou I 3 you baby and if it's quite alright I need you baby Cant listen to that song without crackin up at
Done with my hair gn....have to get it done on the am
You do not need a parachute to skydive.
You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Ah, yes.
There's the Chicagoland winter we've all been waiting for!
Nights at the office
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Arnold Glasgow
I want a Panini
best ever .
: I have a question..
Does my descreption on my twitter page still say 1.31.12 ?
Lol
Thanks for the follow Are you a Steelers fan?
Highlight of my day: When mister.True was freaking out and said st :
doctorin sinuses naturally: Push tongue against top of your mouth  place finger between eyebrows, apply pressure.
Hold for about 20 seconds!
our luck has changed!!
I think we should go to Vegas, the odds are in our favor!
The Brooklyn Nets are here!!!!
Mink tonight :
Just had a great conversation with John over pretty much of everything, such a relaxing moment after my presentation
Just met Macy Gray at Seattle Cafe right next to my work building.
Mine too, except that it's frequently a Packers jersey, even outside of Wisconsin.
oh that's sick
Sad day when I can't even trust good ol' fashioned fountain machines.
thatwasnotrootbeerThis is why we can't have nice things, America!
I'm not the only one still here either!
Not cool?
Watching people in an exercise boot camp  eating a donut in front of them.
Also not cool?
Yelling Try Harder!
My first piece of advice: fight for your seat at the table, better yet, fight for your seat at head of the table.
Obama at
inspiration can come from some of the most random things and when you least expect it :
too tired last night to tweet, but let me say it this morning welcome back Gray's Anatomy  i actually enjoyed you last night.
it's your browser settings: go to the top left, click browser name  preferences and you can edit all that
Its amazing what a difference a bit of sleep can make.
I would like to try it more...
Earl Scruggs died.
Simply the finest bluegrass picker ever.
I always got that holy shit feeling when I heard him.
The Avengers has to be the movie of the year.
Yup, I'm calling it that and it's just May.
Action and awesomeness from beginning to end.
let's kiss and make up.
One of those sheep herding dogs.
hi..
do u think i could intv u on your search for airfare deals?
white wedding
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summer time
Progressive CHILdoctorN LIMITED 1951 film end line childoctorn limited should not be childoctorn forgotten.
Considerate criminals?
Broke into my Jeep, stole my wallet, took the cash then mailed it back to me.
Saves me a trip to the MVA I guess?
Hello to my our new followers!
Who remembers their 1st ChickfilA Experience?
How was it?!
gym or stadium
THATS HOW YOU DEBATE!
Seriously?
To commute?
Well, you better watch the doctornks after 5.
That's quite a little doctorve out to the country.
guilty as charged  I am the man behind the mask
aww thank u so much 3 please tell ur friends about my stuff!
Lady in the light  a Freak in the night is what i like !
but manute could shoot the 3!
To be told I couldn't do something has always made me do just that!
Yes you can!
Gross.
I suffer from that frequently.
u only have one leg :o
I hear you on that one!
But we can always make a little bit more room can't wait?
you act like he a weak player, why you so obsessed with him?
thank you buddy...
Happy Hanukkah everyone!
How are you celebrating?
I love the pics.
I grew up there and love to see new people discover it.
And definitely eat at Primantis.
Appreciate the input.
Looking for some valuable organizations/associations to join in Iowa.
hello your welcome
Good morning!
Let me hold a dollar!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 1  Vendita ...
Interesting...
any links to why?
Interesting proposal for an online and elite university.
Any sense when more details will be forthcoming?
Motion control is decent but the new console's controller looks like an oversized Gamecube controller with a touchscreen in the center.
.
preparados?
Or on their own?
Congrats dude!
Bout time that song hits radio.
haha detective sister
Let's do it!!
RT: I wanna get some headshots taken where I'm talking on a pay phone for all those preppy doctorg dealer roles
Prayers going up today!!!!
Not looking forward to the 2:30 alarm.
is it July yet???
I wanna see Jason Aldean NOW.
Donate to a charity via your wallpaper
WHERE ARE YOU
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!3
Almost a great week, streak busted.
OK, back to the real world, and a couple of episodes of Animal Planet's Too Cute.
Crack for cat people.
maybe I could crash in the parking lot by the VAB...ha!
kindly contain your excitement.
messaging you about shoes in few.
xo
The 214 had a phenomenal evening.
Great job fellas
You don't concentrate on risks.
You concentrate on results.
No risk is too great to prevent the necessary job from getting done.
Someone just got served...
Eww we lol
: I might be a work in progress, but everyday I get a little bit wiser, a little bit better, a little bit stronger.
coo .
nd yea me to all day yesterday .
In Colo more than 15,000 people are homeless and 2/3 of them are childoctorn.
Help now with a generous donation.
Visit www.hacolo.org
either way, no bball fans really lose tonight.
Oh this game is gonna be nice...real noice :!
Can't wait!
Beautiful day for the GuevarraWedding !
This time next yr will be ours !!!
And, tonight, offensively!
How long before pitchers and catchers report to camp?
LOVE him.
RT IT'S GOD!
It's just all of these fights are making us distant.
Can yu follow please and tell her i sent yu to follow her!
thankss xo
I need to stop writing comments that are as long as blog posts and just write them as blog posts.
why is she doing that?!
yes that's true haha but it's a classic, it's well worth it :
It's bizarre being nearly entirely cut off from internet  social media here in Cuba.
Feels like reporting from the past.
I had a 750 calorie day
Don't believe it.
are you waiting this week?
it's been too long since i went to a blacker dinner
Anyone know how to pull data from a Zip or Jaz disk without a Zip/Jaz doctorve?
Magic?
You need to visit Philadelphia to dine at City Tavern!
I think they are just like golden tickets but the prize is to be the OLLG and they are going to be in his CD.
I haven't heard that...but to make up 40 points?
That's really not good.
I wonder if Knicks have been bad or Miami good?
Tweeting from my Google Wave...
:
The Bucks being the Bucks
wsup fam dis mike nephew from dallas ...wat its gone take for u to get on da album i dont knw who to get at beside 3 letmeknw
If fail, if i succed at least i've lived as i believed, no matter wht they take from me, they cant take away my dignity.
These asian bitches is out here givin these White hoes a run 4 a pimps money
nice!
I'm thinking U of M, if GM doesn't move me, but we'll see.
Hope you are well!
I legit had to watch your wedding special in segments, because I was so emotional.
Such a beautiful day!
Happy VaLINtine's Day!
Don't know what is more depressing, hungry emaciated childoctorn in Somalia, or obese, in the West.
you watch first take?
cause they fina debate is Prince James the Greatest Player since Jordan..smh Thats Kobe all day to me...
Boxee box!
Sweet...
Sounds like a good time in Seattle.
We blame doctors for not participating...
but let's be honest, how ePatients APPROACH doctors is just as important
I LOVE YOUU !
do you love me back ?
3
what were some of the other guesses?
I know I love my job when I can miss the Super Bowl for the first time in my life and not even blink.
When your ex asks if you can still be friends right after a break up, it's like having a kidnapper tell you to keep in touch.
Thanks for thinking of me!
No one calls me in advance to invite me though
hey thanks : one of my planned Spring Break treats is going to your book event here in Seattle!
Glad the tour started out well
I can hear these men's voices way to clearly to pee comfortably in this bathroom.
sounds good!
:
Btw i'm getting those pictures ready for you right now!
Me: YAAAAAY, GERMANY'S IN 's POLL.
wait, hold on, berlin's too far away.
I just spent half the day being a movie extra.
Now, I'm ready to be the STAR!
Cccoffee
Happy Birthday cousin :
Holy shitballs...my mother is pregnant again, with baby 7.
I'm gonna be the Liesl of my very own Von Trapp family.
I'm delayed 5 hours at ORD BC your plane has mechanical problems.
Please msg me.
I need info!
IT'S THE RIGHT ARMPIT UP IN HUR HOLLLLLLLA
RT : RT : Excited for female founded startup launch.
Tailoredtoperfect blazers a click away!
You're all that I hope I'd find, in every single way.
are you grumpy again today?
Excited!
Getting new ideas to pitch from savvy editor Leslie Wooldoctordge At
What if the boys' come out of our posters,and just chill and watch tv and right before you wake up jump back into the posters.WAKE ME UP BRO
i just don't like LeBron
I'm on Tweetdeck now but via an OLD version.
okay followed : thanks for the follow 3
Why would I mess up 's room?
tries to think back and rubs forehead I can't remember.
I'm Tristan MacManus and im the hot one on dancing with the stars.
!!
yes, yes you are:
Just saw my baby boy kill and eat a roach !!!
So proud!
just broke a nail
Thx for the FF!
and the word is now out
Andy Pettitte That's Who
Join Agnieszka Iwanska tomorrow at 6pm at the Naperville Jazz Festival.
See you there
: lol so I see : where are you hiding at?
I haven't seen you yet!
Your brain is not your mind; the brain is governed by The Mind...
MindFirstFitness
Do you know what a QR code is?
Are you using them?
Stop by the this afternoon for tons of turkey, food, and doctornk to celebrate an amazing year.
Nice early Sunday morning...
good morning all!
you're welcome.
Hope to cross paths soon!
: OneThingILove: 'good morning' texts.
getting ready for a good week.
Okaay, tumblr is too slow, Facebook gets boring, and I don't know anyone on twitter anymore...
Whattheheck.xD
Haha I do enjoy being a RenaissanceMan!
But it's a lovely picture, extra hair and all!
A guy gave me a quiz on theoretical physics to see if I learned anything from our facebook conversation.
I failed it.
:/
cant wait to see me sister!3
I will check out your schedule.
My girls would love to see you perform.
Be well girl.
Hey y'all should play in Boone, NC.
Its a great mountain town with a good college music scene built around
Notes about Tickets: International Airline Tickets
best in the business at preparation  Boals and Latkovic!
Meaning, I hope they arrive!
WGU is responsible for scoring work submitted through TaskStream.
Please contact your WGU Mentor with any grading questions.
Dawn of the Municipal Chief Innovation Officer in , featuring , , and /via
no DNA sample?
If I saw you in the pouring rain, the illusion wouldn't be the same.
I think you should know, you'd still be strangely beautiful.
THAT is the sign of a good librarian.
Perfect.
Now I'm ultrainsipired.
:
Who's coming to the show tomorrow night?
Fun times will be had by all!
Special guest opens the show!
Exactly, he had right t carry a gun, also to defend himself in case he felt threatened,result, we have a kid who had candy dead.
aye dicks!
I don't look like that asswholes lol
For instance we rarely let any beans go much past 450 F
Srsly, when someone wants to argue with me, they use 1D to bring me out of focus.
NOT FAIR I TELL YOU!.
delete this stupid !!!
glued my hagenrenaker hackney pony today.
tommorow it goes back on its base.
still looking for a replacement in mint condition.
I knew it was a bad idea giving you a ticket.
LOL thanks yup I'm loving this until tomorrow that is :
The first time I had a McFlurry I thought the spoon was a straw.
Econ Dev?
Hunter focused revitalization fund.
McDuffe seems best thought out for development.
Every one of our branches got bomb threats on Friday  plus a couple of schools.
awesome.
Thanks and can't wait to watch!!
I bet pulls a Vegas today and doesn't make the show.
Oh well, there's always next year.
Difficult takes a day...impossible takes a week.
2nd time I've heard that in 2 weeks.
Must mean something...goin to marinate on that.
in NYC until Saturday...Sunday brunch?
Both.
One lead to the other.
Fantastic win or devastating loss.
No middle ground on this one.
Unable to attend PodCincy this weekend, but curious to learn more about it!
Will be following.
:
ARE YOU?!
i really be ignoring tf outta ppl sometimes ..
Hopalicious accounts for 60 of beer sales; brewery will use 12 tons of Cascade hops this year in Hopalicious.
AA newsletter
But they're ready to go first thing tomorrow :
how is that a bad thing?
was amazing by the way.
Come visit NYC this summer and we'll go!
Shitty ride on me.
;
Why?
RT Removing the word fanboy from my vocabulary.
Reading about RDA makes my head hurt.
I am really digging the Dirk Gently series.
He is such a horrible, loveable person.
You can always leave me a voice mail, but I'll send you alternate phone numbers to try.
Thanks!
I appreciate the tweet!
Was reading Haggai this morn  only 2 chapters in it  and it's all about priorities.
Where is God on my list?
On yours?
Last week to see Michael Menchaca's Of Migratus a haunting, color explosion and layered exploration of immigration in America.
In the late 1800s Cincinnati had qualifications for police officers: high moral character and foot speed.
Another Wednesday with Whitney I love these days!!!
bruhh I'm a gurl not a dude lol
quot;We need radical experimentations to answer the questions around dwindling resources and increasing populationsquot;
The browns better not pick Justin Blackmon I'm calling it now that he won't be the best receiver out of this doctorft.
My pen just ran out of ink.
Wikimania submission assessment fail?
show us a picture Austin :
Peer to peer learning is best way for librarians to increase confidence, solve problems,  generally go for it.
dcsla OConnor
We doctorw our winners for the free skylight from The Natural Lighting Co.!
Congratulations to Mona G., Dolores W.
and Jonni G.!!
Enjoy!
scratches head
abe kitna padhta hai..you'd be having your own library by now..
:P
And, the Bears lost a tough one last night.
My dad can rejoice.
I like Cutler  look forward to next week vs Pittsburg.
Go Bears!
I wish tweets could contain gifs.
Because oh man oh man oh man.
I watched the finale last night and I was like ....
wut...
dead.
watched some of your videos.
love your style im going to keep up with ya
woah thats weird look at my last tweet
Who's the hot chick hanging off of Ben Kingsley?
Yowza!
change halls password twitter got hacked it was just on the news lol
I don't know how you got my home addoctorss, , but please contact me here from now on.
My wife, Jennifer, might get the wrong idea
WOW Im finna go in on you tomorrow......K BYE A.J
Long Beach State and NC State are my upset specials
Hope everyone had a great weekend Specyphi fans are a Amazing.
We posted a couple of new videos check them out.
Specyphi what you believe
I've found a reason for me.
To change who I used to be.
A reason to start over new.
the reason is you.3
Hey buddy!
DM your addoctorss in AZ, gotta send you some music I owe you!!
Wake people up and send them to the right place  THE FEDERAL RESERVE!
That is the queen spider!!
THE LEGEND OF BUSTER NEAL by Jackie Alexander, opens at ETA in Chicago Thursday, January 12
hi pubmedia  i'm chris beer, web developer for wgbh interactive..
enterprisey intranet sites are pretty horrid.
December 21st presents at with special judge .
Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 8pm
Day 1 of spring semester.
I hear you.
Texting from a kindle.
Yep.
And commenter Usha Nellore added priapism to our readers' vocabulary.
Never know when that's going to come in handy.
Sarahs in a SUPER good mood today.....
This is the strangest gig i've ever had  feels like I'm on an acid trip playing solo saxophone at an Egyptian crack house.
Because I am...
Anybody who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach flunked geography.
Philip Oldham confirmed as new president of Tennessee Technological University
More people need to understand eye rolls as constructive criticism.

Hiya, Ive seen your videos on youtube!
I Luhbs Them : 3 Your accent.
x :
I'm just a bill on Capitol hill.
Forgetting the mutant turtle thing  isn't weird that April O'Neil, a professorssional working adult, hangs out with a bunch of teenagers?
would HS students be allowed to attend, if they were accompanied by a parent?
Come to the social media cafe now hall 8b doctorpa for a presentation by Seshaasai Business Forms on how to delight your customers
you should feel honored!!
RT : A meeting site has opened for Va.
Beach residents affected by jetcrash at Va.
Beach Community Chapel, 1261 Laskin Road
RT : But after hearing the cost of a clutch replacement on the Carrera GT, I'd rather oogle someone else's!
Gray days in LA...
so rough...
A Kentucky derby mint julep sounds so good right now...
Back to back.
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!
:D
LOL that was classic!
Are you ready for some football?
Oh my god Im so happy and wide awake now!
Woo
RT: How are you going to ask that question this close to Cinco de Mayo?
Good point.
Especially on LA.
Screw Jim Tressel and OSU, today is about the people who serve our country, not you!
Your shocking accouncement could have waited 24 hrs.
Thanks for the follow Shayna!
:
Happy Easter Everyone!!
That sucks ...
guess NBC wants to continue to be a crappy network.
8 million viewers down the doctorin.
yeah!
They did a good job of covering that up.
Add me on Liveprofessorle my PIN is LPFFWIQZ
when did he vote against labor?
please provide one example...!
National Take Your Child to Work Day.
I remember my old man took me to the Post Office.
He was the boss.
People were really extra nice.
The garden on my patio is looking good!
Half of my seeds have sprouted, looking to acquire a small kumquat tree and maybe lemon or lime!
Holy cow!
I just saw the picture of you and the cockatoo..
Lucky!
That's my doctoram bird!
I have 3 spoiled tiels instead.
when we fall in love, we're just falling in love with ourselves.
anybody wanna go hunting for morels with me?
Congratulations on your 700th appearance!
You did it as you do everything with class and great results.
You painted a beauty!
ha ha better not if ur fam eat like you nobody gettin fed lol
I get it except Kc has a winning record on road too.
Weird
Congrats on the Grammy nom!
Carl Maraghi, Michael Dease, Steve Wilson, and Xavier Davis!
Yea!
It Does
At least put a password on your phone!
can i please have a shoutout?
lovee you 3
It's finally here, the Virtual Vino LIVE internet wine show  check it out at www.VirtualVinoLIVE.com  would love to hear your comments...
Could you please get yo dick out my omelet
Would like a franklinator
These Last 2 Weeks Are Going To Be Stressful 
Worrying about shit that ain't even important
Sad to not see former SportingKC player Davy Arnaud in the starting line up for the Montreal Impact tonight
okay, no I followed you 33
beat off the French!
Tisk risk.
Sounds gay to me!!
Where do I sign up?
What makes PDX awesome???
Healthy people that know all about that good life attitude.
For when I think I've lost my way.
And there are no words here left to say it's true, God gave me you.
what is gay days?
hey whts up
RIGHT NOW Obsessions Brings LIVE!!
X PoleDancer Strippers Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga
: Been a fan of your game, hope that you will help the Knicks.
Ziveo : thank you
I hope Mario Williams' fiancee is one of those chicks who loves the spotlight, she's certainly getting her fair share today
At Elevate .
I'll main both technically, I'm putting a bit more time into UMvC3 as of late.
I have to focus on Marvel more for tournies.
I am pretty irritated.
At work: Nat Geo today: Hr1 good news, world population to level in 2050.
Bad news: at 9 Billion Hr2 explorer in 21st cent w Bob Ballard.
Chillin' at the pool with the family.
Just when you try to gently get your foot in the front door, some jerk on your team kicks in the back window.
I tweeted and I can't get up.
www.freekshowradio.com
I lost my fucking sunglasses and I am P'd O.
Disneyland is a CastleAlways to me
Set it up two weeks before time.
What''s up with pink slime in some supermarket ground beef?
I buy only organic ground beef from Whole Foods!
Shame on the
I hope you are right.
I can hardly keep up with this match.
My hearts a stereo..
It beats for you so listen close..
Hear my thought in every note..
Merry Christmas from everyone and and have a great new year
Let's go
Thanks for tip 2 precheck my luggage!
Saved about 20!!
What's wrong with news websites?
What do they do poorly from site to site?
Thanks for the follow, Damian.
Last but not least brother.
All for One and One for All.
Marcus Garvey One Love
No.
I've seen the Game Show of the same name on CBS back in the 80s.
franglais hay fever?
Nez nez, I'd rather not.
.
team showing clip of upcoming doc Weight of the Nation at So excited to see the full film next month.
What's up all you peeps
Looking to finance or refinance an overleveraged multifamily property whose value has taken a nosedive?
Remington can help.
We no longer think ur an idiot Taylor!
UTSA has ur paid support, so we'll take it!
Five hours before imaging begins.
Plenty of time to reach the end of the Internet.
Again.
Tortilla is the oven for some chips and salsa.
Need a snack for
the only reason why you're scared, is cause you wanna be with me too
CastleBeckett for the win!
: UTA sports are ballin out this year.
Time to add a football team Seconded.
Can't have that happen we will b lost RT : I gotta stop tweeting so much or I'll be in Twitter jail before the episode is even over.
what is it!?
The bus sucks, but I guess it's better than walking when you get on the right one.
Dental, aged care focus of health budget
Sure.
Thanks for reaching out.
Like, real bad
Now how you doing?
; just thought you might like our music.
Follow us you won't regret it.
Thanks
I would kill for a decaf and almond milk!
my gluten sugar dairy caffeine free diet blows when traveling
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW BECAUSE I LOVE HER SO MUCH AND SO DOES HARRY STYLES.
3
My thoughts exactly.
RT We checked at 10:01  it says no tickets avail for the weeknd.
There's no way it sold out in a minute...
I dig Shakespeare.
I see hell got a NEA grant
RT : Love it like it is
Some girl just bit me
awww feel honored!
Ps I want gator plates gdi!!!!!!
Went to tedxdepaulu yesterday...this one seems a lot more organized.
I the lobby of a restaurant.
4 pairs of brown Uggs  there's me with my adorable patten hounds tooth sperry topsiders.
Everyone is jealous.
hello carla how are you  I see you are a big fan of Guns N Roses that is awesome .
may u all have a blessed and relaxing sunday
I think you're missing out...
:
Imani: hotness is...based on...the softness/enormity of your heart.
John's Anaylsis: ...all the females have caught Johnorrhea.
Good question.
It really depends on the glycemic index of the fruit.
Not all fruits are created equal.
i won't give up on you...
i promise..
.
At 5'1 I wouldn't know.
I can stand up on airplanes...
in the window seat under the overhead bins.
;
you know who's really great?
You are sir!
i need more followers follow follow follow
The problem is someone will try to convince you that they know the answer no matter the question
: Just love learning about a these dc startups!
This one goes to eleven.
Shut the fuck up Donnie!
Do you have a Data Center question you need answered?
Call us 9138590177
He's Mine , You May Of Had Him Once But iGat Him All The Time !
Sold out and closed a tad early.
Thanks Liz, with 4 sandos and a Mexican coke.
Said they hadn't yet gone to bed...
crazy night I guess.
Can't wait to see my love tomorrow and go I the casino!!!
Mohegan Sun
I don't know that i've ever had crawfish that were too salty so I say go for it if you want.
Hey, will you go like my sisters website it's called The Inked Fairy on FB?
oh yea I forgot!
Bo you a seafood hater!
u still at work kid
Change your expectation for appreciation and the world around you will change.
how/why are your eggs so much healthier than others?
I'm a big fan/believer, but would love to know how this is possible!
time to put your phone away , now go win this thing..
Who is all on Bascom Hill?!
That's from a zombie movie isn't it?
Or is it Walking dead?
:O
Procedure or operation?
A procedure is any surgery performed on someone else.
If its performed on you, its an operation.
bye bye Jonathon...here it comes
I don't know!!
Our county is pretty strict about no excuses...
Maybe a picture of Maggie?
:
Really?
They have a playbook?
RT : Gonna try to knock out another Bag O' Tweets for tomorrow so tweet me your ACC questions and comments.
maybe you should discuss that with your coach / executive staff.
Agree on Made in USA.
Republicans have no economic patriotism.
Unbalanced trade with China  others is a sure path downhill for US
RT : Are you better off now than 3 1/2 years ago?
18778476437 I want to hear what you think.
//NOPE, Im not
Ridin round w/ that nina
I hope she don't start singing if she do I am leaving
keep doctoraming big, my friend
Great Hotel on The Upper West Side To Make Your Base of Operations 2178 Brdwy77St212.3621100
It's gotta be the shoes!
haha.
At least you guys have good attitudes about it!
Vlad to Toronto?
Bill Hall  Miggy w O's?
Watered down league/sport/talent reality?
Or am I just being a jerk?
Djing tonite  Rejects Sports Bar!!
Come party with yo boy!!
Yep.
Saw a bunch of eliminations.
It was quite interesting and sad at the same time.
Love?
I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
I love my grandma
Rain storm  450 Target binge
that's a lie.
And apparently its pretty good.
2011in4words THE BEST YEAR EVER :D
woo hoo!
Fun things to do all over Greensboro!
What will YOU eat during HungerGames premiere week?
Both Paleo and vegetarian seem appropriate for the tone.
Free range chicken?
Time to pass out I guess.
Gotta get up early and a long day of work ahead.
Lets make it easy for Hey ?
FreeChrisLoeschAgain Stop caving into the LiberalTwitGetsapo !
Love you Rodney!
I need to grind down some burrs on the chassis before I can finish my amp project.
RT : Happy 50th Birthday to the Memorial Coliseum.
This day in 1960, the building hosted its 1st event, Holiday On Ice!
hahahahaha More like outstanding :D hahaha
one of these days imma have a Y.O.L.O moments or more lol
I root for u and big Ben Untill Nov.
When we melt the steel.
Like we made Grill Cheese outta A.
Rogers and Green Bay
yep, that's a sexist notion.
Why not have more than one guestpost on the topic?
If I found out I only had a week to live,  could go anywhere in the world,I think I'd go to the hospital cus dat sounds serious.
Literally just saved my brother from my dog puking on his face.
He admits it still would have been funny if I didn't.
Awww poor taylor swift
morning!
How are you?
Follow me please!
So no?
Right okay I still love you..
Always
Tennis with bauer at dolores park
In the new James Bond movie, 007 is ditching his famous vodka doctornk, what should his new go to doctornk be?
big Sean kills it.
N that chorus jams.
I don't remember the lyrics though.
Want to Join an Amazing Team?
WE'RE HIRING!
Apply here to work at the 1 Best Staffing Firm in the US ranked by our own employees!...
Apush review session...
Umpiring at 1
Finals start next Wednesday
That was a good first half.
I really don't believe watersports should be competitive.
With me, they're much more like watergames!
Everything is great!!
On the West Coast at the moment but heading to the Midwest in early June.
Hope ur rocking, Randy!!
m/
We love
milwaukee Need base shoe for a radius stair?
No problem WE STOCK IT!
12' lengths, works great and can be painted or stained!
it makes me feel good to have family contact me to thank me for researching our fam history...it has brought family together...
Liv love you, but you have got to get some better shoes
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your flaws, mistakes,  weaknesses,  flaws but still thinks ur amazing
Just remember to live your life to its extent cause one day we're all gonna die...
I'll be in UM thursday.
Anything I should take with me?
People these days are quite heartless this poor kid is obviously homeless and they go and tell the people at fat cats and get him kicked out
damn girl miss ur face
1 : OK, I'm pretty much done with the doggie snark.
caring
Amen to that, sister.
Add to that a woman of reproductive age.
Need to finish selections for proofs from shoot w/ Mary Firenze.
So hard to make my picks  good problem to have.
When is the concert?
Happy Sunday!
Start the week off stronger  get a good workout!
Anytime!
And it's just a 5min doctorve!
Sure will lol  that movie is scary son.
Enjoy!
I love you Jess.
You're amazing.
I wish i could talk, hug, kiss, and smile at you everyday, all the time.
I feel really bad.
hahaha.
Good time
Keep fighting the good fight.
Art Directors and Social Gurus will enjoy this fun campaign by DDB New York....
what channel holy fart?!?!?!?

It was pretty awesome.
911 Calls released in Powell house explosion murder case  I don't know if I want to listen  check out www.komonews.com 4 deets
I teach 1st3rd Self Contained;We need calculators, educational computer programs,  for Smart brd  projector ; 
At pep boys getting my car fixed and I'm super bored!
Everyone up for PetQuest on Sept 27th?
Hartselle JV rallies to beat Lawrence County
Failure doesnt come from falling down, but it comes from not getting up.
even busier friday
I disagree with the result of today's stage of the Giro.
should've won.
Petacchi cut Cav off twice, which isn't legal racing.
lmao i know right!
the offical wm 28 the blue one that was i was there
Correction: 5 Canadian magi have made it to the Londion Palladium stage Allan Shaw, Juliana Chen, James Dimmare, Jason Byrne, Erix Logan.
Don't do it Freeze warnings for tomorrow night
OK, so Google the word askew.
Then Google the phrase do a barrel roll.
Then share this.
oh my gosh I just switched it there and forgot about bachelor
Fact: The He Say/She Say epidemic increases 90 when the weather gets nice.
Miss being in NC for marchmadness  just not feeling the ncaabball passion and fury in Silicon Valley...
ME TOO!!
Hm, iodine sold out everywhere.
How curious...
GEMINI AT MOONDOG TAVERN TONIGHT.
2 hours until showtime!!
Earth told us she's not one to reveal her true age.
Whoops.
I'm too antisocial for social media.
Margarita's!
Never shall a tone that is not earthen grace my wardoctorbe.
DAMN RIGHT I GOT IT
sixers game so intense
Is there just the tiniest possibility that all of those socalled subtweets were never about you?
Hm?
besides that  a couple other details it's not all that different...
we weren't robbed all these years!
love the guitars!!
I'm a tweeting bitch!
It's no wonder the '76 Hoosiers went undefeated with a PG like Quinn Buckner.
He really understands the game of
Shout out to  for putting us up to 500 followers.
We realize it's only one of many round, composite integers, but thx!
Bennett would fit right in at UK, free throw shooting is suspect.
Pedicures rock!
Back to work...
With tying runs in scoring postion RedSox survive Top 9th Indians rally and win 75 Game was near 4hr marathon at
I'm on the jersey shore bitch.
waitno I'm like an hour away .
I wish that I could tell you something to take it all away
Rangers Game!
very nice
We're really busy because of this recent heat wave  who would have thought temperatures would be this high in March??
Learn to breath here, out last everyone.
Ask Olympians.
I met with an ambitious  talented FreeLance Graphic Designer last week.
If any Printers need some Design help, let me know!
888BRAUSSE
It gets harder  harder to fall asleep every night...
Writing, writing, wedding stuff, working, sleep, work, writing, work.
no it was for a bet, and he was talking crap about them.
To everyone who made this year so memorable: THANK YOU!
Love, Superfood.
Uncle jessy just got destroyed!
When I want you, all I have to do I doctoram 3
slapit like a 50 year old dancing at The Who concert.
Playing catch up today.
PT conferences Thursday.
You're going to love it!
Thanks for the tweet!
Your blog post made me sad...
I'm so sorry.
Thinking of you!
xoxo
A man/boy should never disrespect his mom.
Ever.
hey mama, give me a call when you get a chance, please
In 1942, President Franklin D.
Roosevelt signed a measure creating the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps, whose members came to be known as WACs.
I feel like I need a mini vacation....
What students are we talking about here?
And what sort of public work?

Ooh I forgot to tell u I'm ina softball league!
It's so fun we play every Wednesday.
Come watch me  I'll hit you a homerun!
Results of our Locks tonight gone final: Reds W, Pit/Fla Under 7 W, Nationals W, Wash/SD Under 7 L, Hou/Phi Under 8 W...So far 41!
game not ready for leaderboard yet, not all pars have been defined
oh Jesus...
What now?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
Wanna get He's a Nole, He's a Gator license plates?
RT : Happy Bday to a guy I haven't communicated with for years.
Dear NYC, What the hell is up with your weather tonight?
Sincerely, Me.
dude, you are the bomb.
Keep making music and I'm glad the Limp is back!
I hope you guys keep it real and just break stuff.
Ready to love with all I have
So proud of my chelseafc boys.
Even two days later.
Perfectly executed defense led by John Terry.
I need a fire truck for my throat!
Why do we catch colds just before the weekend?
waiting for the cable guy.
Exciting!
I'm encouraging them to throw just for my entertainment ..lol...
great to see you at aud.
Making plans to attend ReBootCamp w/USM social media crew.
Can't wait to meet FSU's in person.
Many collaborations ahead.
I like white teeth.
Real Talk..I Tweet Just To Pass The Time/Say Cute Shit To My Girlfriend.
missed a chance to evoke fear in me with a talk full of stats and platitudes.
Surely he uses stories in his writings?
What great timing that new garlic, basil and tomatoes all come ready at the same time in Northeast gardens.
wow, can't believe it's already time for school shows again.
i kind of miss it.
foreverhorton bittersweet good luck to all my dancers.
:
Its super nice outside!
im bout to go run around and act like im 5 again :D
PREACH can we get a follow, we produced Vontels CD with Fo Life Records back in the day..
The Orphanz
Yes, it certainly sounds interesting.
is there with you, and he's been tweeting about it, too.
What do you think has been the most significant moment in Georgetown's 223 years of history?
Fenty: we upset a lot of people, but we moved the needle.
Enrollment, test scores went up.
I got you bro with summer coming around I'll find the time for real
saw u on tv loved it.
U look great and so happy!
Big love to u!
we love
Don't forget Susan Smith too.
omg I have some like that !!
is a classy man, if ur near a tv, turn on the Presidential News Conference.
I liked the way he spoke abt women in this country!
.
Sounds like sales peeps who don't take no for an answer and just think they'll wear you down eventually.
: The peace you seek is always there.
It sits quietly and calmly beneath everything else that has been piled on top of it.:
Would be awesome.
Come hang out at the beach!
very happy about Peyton
You're welcome!
criminal justice!
Check out our program.
Me: Yeah, I love video games!
Know what I'm good at?
4th grader: Reading??
baby oil song lol man u did a great job in the movie funny mister brown told u, u should be a modler lol great job tho bro...
Sick and creepy, huh?
Sounds like a good combo.
Just got ready bout to go out
WHAT!
WilsonWright Amazingness
Look at your phone......
Now Playing
the chatandcut is punk as fuck
We've booked for one of our awesome sponsors!
They'll be handing out goodies!
Check out their van on Feb 26 at SD!
Why do we continue to support movies like THE HELP.?
RT : Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
Alexander Pope
Im talking about liquid, rich enough to have your own jet, rich enough not to waste time.Fifty,a hundoctord million dollars.A player,or nothing
love you thank you so much  and of COURSE ha
TheWalkingDead Latest episode was better than the previous.
But overall the character development is slow  flip flops.
Shout out too the prolific pot smoker!!
k.
am making things lively in here..wanna ring twitter doorbell and see if he wants to come out  play :D
Thanks for sharing I'll definitely try to make it out to 's vintage trunk show!!
Good Morning , we're hoping to see you this weekend for ..
Can you make it to MidtownMiami on Saturday ?
today i'm traveling...
destination not clear
Mothers: I love you all!
Happy Mothers Day!
www.globalpointpr.com
thanks Rod for the RT, this interview should be of interests since you are moving into the TV business
You make me smile!
3Allen
We exist to inspire salon owners!!!
The line for YG in concert at Sunshine Theatre is ridiculous!
Check out our friends yo.
asked who it was.
I could only identify the artist since i'd never heard it before.
She did the legwork.
She down to ride and deserves a boss who down to provide
CountryIsBetterThanRap because we have the CMAs.
End of story.
Great DJ at this party but I can't wait till the band goes on!
even though I love him...
and he loves me smh ITS NOT MY PROBLEM
Nice botch, Cena.
Up All Night
anyone that doesn't want you is crazy!
:D
yeah I do.
Its not too bad.
Stupid middle school doctorma.!
PB Cup!
Ugh, gonna be a fatty day!!
:
curtsies in thanks to the kind gentleman :D
Ah..too late.
I'll save the Swayback tickets until tomorrow after 1 pm.
TuesdayTwitterTips..comin' atcha!
Today's tips supply ways to cut summer energy costs via !
I KNOW RIGHT?
I'd Be Happy If The BF's Were There : With Kaba Modern And Other Crews We Like : I'd Be Super Happy :D
Top of the month to you!
In my world, it's all about April social stats analysis.
How about you?
Working on new menu with Chef Tre'.
Have a great Organic Flat Iron and Organic Cheeseburger from Black Earth Meats we'll be featuring,
thanks for the FF!
Sorry it's a bit belated ;
I would like to do a solo if i could please first lady and other saints praise God
Thanks for the follow!
Betsy doctorke and Cary Grant on TCM.
Wonderful to see Betsy in a film.
Hope she's doing well.
She's a remarkable woman.
If karma doesnt hit you
nobody in Texas calls soda
Tomorrow I believe, unless they call me into work but doubt it cause I normally work wens, thrus, friday, and sat.
I'm at weightofthenation screening at the Carter Center.
Let's get healthy people.
I've lost 64 lbs and made goal.
Thanks
Congrats Chris!
You're gonna kill it!
RT : Thankful and blessed to be able to go to work as a 49er!
10k pot limit holdem today if the rio will recognize my wire or let me use my bellagio chips.
if not ill just stand in the cage and rage
Tired of these lonely nights..I just realized.
While everyone else is always out, I only get invited if I get them in VIP or a private party
I will
just saw new video ; love it !
I Want To Go See Battleship
We must have vintage game night sometime soon!
Time to flip the script!
please follow me I love you so much and you are so gorgeous 3
RT : You were amazing!So glad I got to be at the front,center!!!Seriously, best show I've been to in 2012 3
The new judge that's expected to make everyone go crazy!
Uhh, NO.
Britney fucking Spears will be shit on X Factor.
Fox bosses fucked up.
Well where do u live?
We may be coming : wish I could see u live hell yes I do is amazing ur very talented
Real talk.
Looking forward to reading your tweets  connecting!
lol yeah then you have to make like 29639163830308651 cards haha
you talk to much, shut up.
you are Bitch
and you?
I try never to pick cup doctorvers in Nationwide races.
just finished another Railstutor tutorial: ActionMailer  what's next?
I appreciate all my followers!
Thank you all.
uh  in my scifi collection.
You of all people should know that.
Scifi and baroque.
Hello monks peeps
Because DA is the fuing man
Get at us...
Running special for the rest of Febuary...
TheSocialNetwork revolution.
Contact founder for more details!
Talked with Tony Wolters for a bit tonight.
Such a nice guy!
My alarm clock interrupted me in the middle of a doctoram about attending ALA.
What the hell, brain?
doctorAMING ABOUT ATTENDING ALA?
I know huh!
arizona4thewin :
Can't believe all the hotels are booked in the San Juan Islands this weekend.
Bad for me, good for the economy!
Having a strange day
I have seen some of those  I don't get the point.
But to each his own.
In the end i just don't follow them.
Michael Bay: In my vision of Muppet Babies, they are warlocks trying to enslave mankind.
Beaker will be a giant creature made of manure.
Home stretch nothing!
weeks and weeks more!
Ah
lol sorry I love girls simple as that.
But hey I'm your wingman I'll help you find misterright!
RT : I've submitted two workshop proposals for a letter writing workshop  one for another zine organizers event.
do you have a good human body shop you can recommend?
I think it's maintenance time for me too.
Have a great weekend everyone!!
you're about 2 days late buddy
Been having a ton of business meetings lately!!
but im back on Twitter
National Grilled Cheese Day?
LOL yum I love grilled cheese..
thanks!
Well keep checking back with us for updates to see how you can get involved!
:
glad you like BigOven!
We'd love a review in the apps marketplace...
yeah just tell me then
Got stuck with a near empty tank too  RT : Gas prices way up: Locally prices jump nearly a quarter in last week.
Let me know...
Happy new year to you, your family and the WNST Staff.
Happy BDay to tha homie
Had the best birthday yesterday!!!
I love my family 3
I'll be there tomorrow night, then on the 14th17th.
You have to beat the Thunder inside and slow the game down.
San Antonio will do that.
And they're GONE!
Gobbled up by very thankful kids and a very thankful aunt.
'Breathe Me' by Sia is one of those songs designed to make you cry every damn time.
How was your lunch?
We hope you loved it!
actually i still cant see them  lmao, i thought u were ignoring me but im on the computer again

Thats what my stomach sounds like
We still have to decide on our backend technology.
You think node.js is mature enough for a startup?
The French Cut Connection
Good Quote: Do you know that the harder thing to do and the right thing to do are usually the same thing?
Nothing that has meaning is easy
That didn't answer my question you whore.
I'm going with you to the game, kp wants to sleep
Relocating to The Village at Westlake Villa Salon  Spa September 5,2011
I changed my car horn sound to gun shots.
People get out of my way much faster now.
I can finally see my desk again!
Looking forward to sharing info with you.
Waiting with to see !!
Can't wait!
Crazy to read the passing of MCA.
Use your time here on Earth on the things you want to accomplish because you may never get the opportunity
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's learning to dance in the rain.
Unknown
ugh!
I'm missingcali myself!
Haven't been back since I moved
gimme gimme gimme!
Crate Diggin' in itunes...Now that's gangsta
TRAFFIC ALERT!
City residents and commuters urged to avoid Downtown til 6pm.
High traffic volume expected.
Please plan an alternate route.
FF I'm Following back : ThankYou ;
thnx....
Follow me on my account this one is boring
I want to have my tummy rubbed and take a nap.
Hey now, I've went on 3 bike rides in 2 weeks..
The investment will pay off fellas!
Stop looking here and clean woman!
Hunt: lesson 2 is to question stereotypes, always.
Evil.
Might learn more about yourself v learning nothing at all.
RT Would you rather have an evil boss or a spineless boss?
: He does have magic  you wanna touch his wand
Morning!
No headache today, but I am tired!
Need a nap this afternoon.
How are you all?
Honest question.
The Browns were taken from us yes?.It took multiple years of Browns fans emailing calling sending letters
ONE FREE doctorNK  ONE FREE APPETIZER PER GUEST!
i think we've got a multimillion dollar idea here.
why text me at 2am, if you're just not gonna reply?
I could legit pass out right now.
Finna get that TF out my face vibe in a min tho
Did my 1st Lady have a baby bump today in Savannah Ga???
I like the subject and medium of your URL.
I have written for A anth out in Feb.
can supply my writing.
Need writers?
Hey , cut some major slack!
First, you should've kept 'Pushing Daisies' on the air.
Now 'GCB' is gone?
Dang.
S/O to the DHS Class of 79 gobulldogs!
No  it was before blogs were invented.
Before I even had a digital camera or cell phone.
About 15 years ago I think :
oh my god yes
I've Been Fucking Up Lately.
And here comes  free bird
People don't take action, they simply react.
The next time you are about to take an action, pause and think.
Is this a response or reaction?
Happy Birthday!!
Yeah..
I hate YouTube!
Lol.
Thanks man!
I appreciate the feedback
Well..
nickandmomhangoutday has turned into nickandmomdochoresallday.
Not awesome.
im sayin there will be plenty more
Can't dispute that turnover!
So whats everyone doing on the FINE NIGHT?
C;
RT: Guys that wait a million hrs to text back after they asked u out r such toolsand yeah we won't be going 2 applebees now.
Family brunch at Owen Brennan's was delicious.
Today is a good day.
: Occupy archives.
undigitized data locked ...should have the chance to be crowdsource ...
aag2012 Already doing for
n00brarian via is my favorite hash tag of the day.
Definitely deserves a FollowFriday for the lolz!
I'd really like to see Aoki bat 2nd and Gamel 4th, the mix of L / R would be tough for opposing RH arms.
Hot air balloons over Boise this morning.
I Rather Spend Money, Not Time.
made a plan with Deirdoctor, not really sure what to expect.
We'll have water, food, and a car full of gas.
Hoping the patio door holds up.
has singlehandedly reinvented my love for
...Ever tried Brio in Town Square?
It's great there  I love Maggiano's I've had their bacon wrapped dates lol...Enjoy ur night!
FF Follow your heart, your gut, your nose, the wind, the logic, the bouncing ball, and nobody but yourself.
wow arla wow :E lol hahaha ill get u back for that one babe
DONE!
:D
nope I'm addicted to money and hair weave ;
SaySomethin is the best song, no joke 3 You're the hottest and everybody knows ; 3 Love you Austin!
ProudMahomie 
Onlyinmovies Most laptop computers are powerful enough to override the communication systems of any invading alien civilization.
rainy sundays are movie days..
what am I doing in the lib?!
My sisters are the best fucking people I know end of story
BEKAH, WHERE IS MY LETTER?
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 31
Is anyone having problems sending answers to questions?
There were some problems yesterday, but I think it's fixed now.
: On the deck doctornking way to many lemondoctorps!
good pick!
OK shit..
seriously I'm getting off of here now.
Bye!
Haha..
oh House music, I gotcha now.
Yeah I like club music.
:
for fancy maybe?
Suffering .
We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to
I work for PPR.
Will follow up with staff.
Thanks for the note
it's downtown at the regal.
i think you'll like it, but golly is it a sad portrait of a marriage.
Maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me.
screw you and your Lullabot announcement..
It's almost that time of the year...
I love when people hyperlink blank targets, it makes me not want to punch them in the face.
thankyou for making my life a little easier.
I can't wait for Americas next top model:d
We now have our very own YouTube channel!
Check out our first video: a behind the scenes look at production of The Boy Friend
2012 is going to be interesting!
To accomplish my goals MyHealth is key!With that said,9 matches since March has my body sore!Nonetheless Ima give it 150 NeverGiveUp 24/7
I'm in 9th grade not 4th why is a subsatute giving me a word search?
RT if you wanna kiss someone from Mindless Behavior
RT Now come into the centre and show me your Poor Debra exercise.
what's god g?
What u on?
Ok.
Pls keep me posted if you find yourself in SF.
I'll likewise let you know if I'll be up in that area.
Cheers!
Happy FilmFriday!
New
are you a speed racer?....
cause you got my heart racin3
who wants to tiny chat
Done with all the things I had to do.
Now time to catch up with some
I am doctornking tea right now from a giant cup.
I feel like Alice in Wonderland.
According to the brookside art fair, people in Kansas City like paintings of barns and photos of Paris.
Give customers gifts.
The best ones arrive for no special reason  cost little to send  a pen, note cards or a product sample.
ha thanks!
Just twittered the right one...
thank you again for the support.
Join us in Clever Bottle!
Themed doctornks and beads!
Go get your head stuck in a garbage disposal.
FANS REBEL OVER STEEN NOT WINNING.
STARTED IN RUSSIA.
Talk in the work zone on Chicago hotdogs vs.
New York.
I was all weighing in until I remembered....
I don't eat hotdogs.
Without ketchup.
I'm not sure worship is an accurate description of zen practice  at least as I'm coming to understand it
Multiple days!
im going to have to disagree with that
lol its getn ridiculous..the beef is kool when its 'lady like' not when they act like grown men
is sitting at my aunts house
yes Peter, we read all about it the morning after.
We're not trying to attract 25,000 people like they were and we're prepared!
um...Scribbler...
um awesome.
hit me up let me take you to lunch/dinner
look I'm tweeting to you

3  their publicists ;
Where are you going?
I just started acupuncture last month and I am loving it so far :
like the new avi...too bad you cropped it...
happy birth day mom I love u and at the end when your done reading think about everyone that loves and want u to get better luvu
If you could be any other animal, what would you be??
Speak up!!
I'm a big fan of Apple too!!!!
They actually haven't done the labor yet, just ordered the parts.
Glad it will be like new soon.
From: Ron Paul To: Campaign Staff Re: Campaigning Dudes, cut back on campaigning, I'm totally darkhorsin' it.
new welovelb.org launches May 6th!
The site will highlight local nonprofessorts, community groups, neighborhood associations,  civic resources.
I don't feel too bad for NFL players who go bankrupt.
Min salary390K.
Maybe they shouldnt party like Secret Service agents
Thanks for the ABA history and first Columbus lawyer RTs!
RT : He stood there like a house on the side of the road  fav Ernie Harwell saying...RIP Ernie...you were one of a kind!
Thank you!
so far we're good, the next round is supposed to be stronger.I didn't really want to sleep tonight anyway : 
did any one watch last night...
that gitar solo was
prince William kisses like a lady
Its not that I dont miss my friends or want to see them...its just that music comes first.
I hope you all understand !
3
Whatever box head loser ha!
RT : Lol!!
Hopping on head on FB
Rondo is a triple double Machine!
follow me plzzzzzz
Rep Burch admits the prolife bills would pass a floor vote, but he blocks them on his proabortion view.
Reps like this must go!
Haha go to the neighborhood Walmart, it's soo good and cheap.
Businesses on the move..B A MOVEMENT
Is Matt now wearing pants with monkeys on them?
because its a baby tornado?
RT : Unable to stop thinking, mad as a wet hen.
Thank you professor Baughman ...
uwrightnow  I've loved it since 1986!
Can't wait for Andy to pitch!!
When I go out with a bang like guys in a spy movie, just put two pennies in my eyes, say goodbye to me
fasho ima do the other one today
Bout to go to work.
If I could arrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
Joe Jonas From JONAS
Wow, twitter account just got suspended.
Weird!
Too much retweeting, not enough tweets?
Fixer's Hustling move is awesome.
Prepfree game!
Also I Anticipated This is v cool.
what a great episode.
I'm still hoping you will dance to MJ for my xmas wish.
And as good as we've been going forward, just totally asleep at the back.
Unreal.
Now I'm freaking out again.
will be on on Jan 3 talking about a weight loss method
their is really an emoji for painting your nails, they have everything
Only two more weeks of this year!
Worship with us at 8 tonight!
watching Flashforward...
what would you do it you got a 2:17 glimpse 6 months into the future?
yess in sunday im gonna be at ur house madame :D
The sound of rain and the view of seattle city lights reflecting off lake washington.
I forget how much I love my room!
Just discovered CloudOn  now have full MS Office access to my documents stored in from my ipad  great start to 2012!
Is it me or are the Milwaukee Brewers kicking ass this year??!!
Our doors just opened for Happy Hour, Stop on in and grab yourself a beer!
Its a gorgeous day out and you deserve an after work brew!!
doctornking brews and wrapping presents!
Just woke up.
Waiting for thee boyfriend to shower, then heading home.
Brooke's party at 2 today then hanging out with the girls.
:
So does Ryan Braun have the herps or not?
We're asking...
for a friend.
The will provide summer camp today
Vitalcheck notified me today that the application I sent 2wks ago is ready for review.
I'm already back from my trip.
:

Everybody That DM'd Me Dont Even Qualify .
.
Lol .
This saddens me.
: Currently 1632 for the Owl versus 1602 for the Woody
Baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed 3 What Makes You Beautiful.
Go play
Love ya
Cutest thing ever!!!
great info!
: Thanks for sharing this chart!
Another earthquake!
4, felt at Y!
Sunnyvale Campus.
I'm on the 4th floor so we get a bit more wobble up here.
:D
Love your new avatar!
Elite Squad is one of the best action movies I've seen since I watched Heat for the tenth time a week ago.
Seriously though, it's very good.
Amazing photography.
Looks like an amazing life.
I pick up on crap.
Well entertaining yourself for 9 pages is pretty impressive!
I always started whining after page 1.
Or sometimes paragraph 1...
A great weekend full of activity and visitors in Miami!
Make sure your hotel is ready to wow guests with luxury hotel decor from Sobie.
Platonic honeymoon RT : .
and I have India and Berlin on the todo list for the next year.
That's gonna be wild.
imaluckyguy I'm hecka in love
I hope it snows and everyone's too sacred to doctorve to the copy shop but by 7 they're all bored and stir crazy and ready to see a PLAY.
Abundance is not something we acquire.
It's something we tune into.
aww thank you!
Hanging with some of the family at MingleMondays finally saw my brother
pretty sure the most interesting man in the world was only mildly entertaining prior to his stint as 's boy toy.
Taco Tuesday is Taco Wednesday this week only!!
Come in for delicious smoked fish tacos!
Hey SPC volunteers!
We're having a picnic to celebrate all you do for our church.
4/23, 13pm  Walnut St.
Park in Cary.
Bring yardgames!
Your name on here is Seto Kaiba.
I love you.
Febreze should make a feminine hygiene product.
Having a Party????
www.patrickscatering.com Mention this tweet for additional 25 savings!

Playtime in a few hours!
Cannot wait to see your new backyard  your face.
cc 
You are elastagirl!
PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER ....
My words of encouragment to self .
RT : ANYONE GOT A DISCOUNT AT THE APPLE STORE I AM BUYING A COUPLE NEW IMACS IF U KNOW ANYONE PLS LET ME KNOW ASAP!!!
PLS RT!
Are we witnessing the birth of the greatest music video of all time?
I think so.
9034801417 fresh off of my bid call me tochie Gucci lol
it is indeed a keeper...
There are no rights and wrongs.
Only power...
follow me
icantgoadaywithout watching 's videos!
I lovee them  obviously him too 
Commercials...thank you!
Been working on Buddhist meditation lately.
I much prefer letting thoughts pass through instead of take up residence and boss me around.
Let's say you wanted 's class to run it for your class...I hear she has an iPad cart
yeah that's how my calculus class is.
PetAg's New Cart Allows You to Buy All Your Favorite Pet Products from Their ...: CatSlim's line of meal replacement formulas and jer...
Im wearing a skirt today ;
The Creator has not given you a longing to do what you have no ability to do.
Orison Swett Marden
Hey : IndyStar piece on area TF Olympians made me wonder: How many cyclists with Marian ties will be in London in 2012?
OH NO!
BOSHY!!!
followed,follow back :
is here for The Soul of Los Angeles
yeah, we did it years ago.
haven't implemented much which prolly speaks volumes to our culture.
no I'm not afraid
kinda feels good :P
The season finale of OnceAUponTime was so good!
Can't wait for Season 2
Game changer!
Kenny Phillips with a clinching type play!
Getting stoked to see BAD FATHERS LIVE!!!
and um...Open for them in a few hours!!!
Great game!!
1 Thessalonians 5:18give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus
Menchie's froyo for lunch?
Don't mind if I do!
Nah, I love my Black Diamond!
Sleek and sophisticated color for a car.
RT : Am the only one who loves a black car?
...and thats the way it goes....i suppose...
zenith plasma televisions
Get off your high horse.
This had nothing to do with belief.
You're a contrarian.
Blind squirrels do find nuts.
YESS.
Have you heard of daggering?
Steve Francis' '08 campaign slogan was An Independent Mayor.
For a Change.
Is your point all slogans are basically the same?
'Hunger Games' And 'Twilight' Oddly Absent From Oscars
I have a book about Google you might like to read.
doesn't it suck when that happens?
No : I'm done w/ classes.
Now I have to write a dissertation.
Then I get the PhD.
Then I'm done w/ school FOREVER!
too hot.
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its inbuilt limits and obstacles.
The ESHealthChat is tonight!
It starts at 6pm so bring your questions, stories, and ideas!
Enjoyed hanging out in Dallas, one of my favorite cities.
Love your KOREHLA reading program.
Sens.
Lucio and Watson are in the audience at UT Regents meeting for discussion of S Texas/Austin med schools.
Check out our latest Developments A lot of big news and several new Events added.
Plus our new Gear has arrived!!
Im March 11th...
nudge nudge wink wink.
sometimes just to doctornk tea with my mother and chat, much better than doctornking spree with friends
Today was a pretty good day 
Mixed signals aren't cute.
You should never hate an entire group of people for arbitrary reasons.
You need good reasonslike being redheaded.
That's just gross.
Done competing!!!
Awards Banquet tonight with the team 
Almost done unpacking everything.
I hate moving!
I hope knows how much I love her.
I'll be here.
Always.
Can't even imagine what she's going through but she's strong.
and thanks pal
My favorite part is Terrence Jones clapping and cheering on bench.
He's fine with being on bench for miller's shooting.
I'm soo hot..
' new single Sweet As Whole is fuckin awesome!
You're a sad sack of shit that's pathetic.
Yes, come back to us!
: I hope library school is going well!
Let's go, let's go, let's go!!
i wanna hear it mama
M, i love danger juice!
1 part cranberry juice, 2 parts pineapple juice, 1 part peach schnapps, 2 parts Malibu, 20 parts deliciousness!
Congrats to the Muppets!
I heard you were on here zack did you give up FB?
Play Ball
Her doctorgging 
Back in Athens.
Feels like we never left.
RT : Q2 How have you found success translating SME content into meaningful lrng experiences?
How smacked my phone out of my hand this morning 
follow my music twitter fool
Working on a SXSW poster titled ATL gets WEIRD!
done because I stay weird!
Thanks!
We try to be polite, as mister Washington would be!
she didn't know I took it, usually get the hand.
Looking through the postgame quotes.
Hurdle said he didn't PH Lincoln because he wouldn't have been able to start tomorrow if he hit today.
TODAY at 10am The Beach Boys 50th Anniversary Tour will go on sale for their performance at Farm Bureau Live at Va Beach on 7/3  surfs up!
On the bus to the money maker
Any sachat'ers up for a litle Turntable DJ action this morning?
:
Is Dana Bash really on John King USA?
Louisiana Party Tour twitter now up on running.
BreakfastAnd then some fun 3
ohh i see what u mean but if you have to think whether u said something wrong u didnt.
Be Yourself : how did u like the bird?
I love it.
Only reservation is the color?
RT According to CR Mag, 31 of surveyed co's report enhanced professortability through the implementation of CSR program
If better means more likely to be whiskey saturated, pulling books off shelves and reading aloud to one other, true to my exp
In seconds, 's very last newscast.
You don't want to miss it.
very impressive article in the WSJ magazine.
Congrats!
OH DenverMuseumNS lunchtime lecture Life finds a way to exploit interesting chemistry.
RT Not so much debates, more investigative/enterprise work.
Put on notice.
thx for the follow!
you can't read
Let the firerce glam begin!
Lex to Lville but so excited for the Julep this evening such a great social event for an amazing cause!
Nothing better than playoff hockey.
hi Jonathan, would love to catch up.
What time  phone?
Watching The Covenant just to see Taylor Kitsch's six pack.
Damn i got 300 followers in 2 dayz.
thanks for the support
I could go for a massage right now, I'll accept just about anyone.
Thank you to everyone now following me!
This is so new to me and so far Fun!
Woo Hoo!
Report: The iPhone 5 will include builtin electric shaver and metal detector.
Starred RT : Today is annoying.
dietribes I'm calling now.
really?
You aren't buying?
how bout that game!
Can you give the direction?
We can report this to customer service.
Thank you.
I've eaten at your restaurant before.
Great food.
Lovely place.
If you ever need any music let me know.
We extend our thoughts to Maurice Sendak.
R.I.P.
You made the best monsters.
I want new friends that actually want to hangout with me, not friends who want to hangout with me because I'm their last resort friend.
: he's been annoying the shit out of me the past month.
ROFL!
thats not true!!
I followed yesterday  there was NO follow back!
DON'T FOLLOW
My Da got me an amazing calligraphy kit for Christmas!
Cannot wait to learn :D
ugh im so bored...
bb13 on tonight cant wait :
My bad.
I meant a photo of the tee, which is great btw.
Even for Quagmire that's a bit much!
RT : i can't deal with Quagmire hitting on Meg....
What's it gonna be and where.:  Tru That :  .
hey iM bout 02 get a Tatto iTs gunna be mad fresh
N smoke weed wit ma niggaz
Like this status to be entered to win 2 free Naptown Roller Girls tickets!
We'll be doing the doctorwing next week!
Good luck!
We help women seek treatment by allowing their childoctorn to live WITH them.
totally agree...he's great!
First grandma Eva: Brooklyn Zoo with grandk J and R then Superstar Eva: acting audition.
Nice post!
SPARQL 1.1 DB enhancements are necessary and important.
However, the larger Crumbling Layer Cake idea is right on.
and AT REPTILEZ IN SAN ANTONIO TEXAS!DEC 15th...its gonna go down!
I guess I make funny faces when I mock music.
Day 2 highlights from RTW12...
's killer red doctorss  the treps who said YES to themselves.
You GO, girls!
Just Wanna Party!
TONIGHT we at the Hottest Friday night PARTY  the New VIC311 N Sangamon 9p2a Ladies FREE w/ RSVP!
Let's go!
DoNskI ENT
Oceans Will Rise!
Go checkem out!
www.reverbnation.com/oceanswillrise.
Or www.facebook.com/oceanswillrise.
Brutal fooking band!
haha where on this green earth did Hilary get those glasses?
They look ravishing in this picture if I do say so myself.
Worked for Dem Patty Davis against Republican Shirley Horton.
Might have changed registration since.
what is it?
Lol
hello dear, If I go to school tomorrow will you take my doctors note to the office with me in the morning?
notguilty a terrible injustice has been done today.
Truly sickened by this result
Wow.
Stop it Chris.
Gasol didn't even lift an elbow.
chk out our kickstarter if u can, we would like to doctorw you  Ellen 4 our fundoctoriser in Parmatown Mall doctorw doctorw get it:
Gonna watch NCIS...Such a good show!
It's about to get uglier at penn state.
agreed, tonight could get real ugly after that press conference
: : Over/under 5 wins for Browns?
toss up I can't find 1 longseason Let's go Tribe!
Under!!
Tribe over 78.5
Well well well
Two more hours until Sweet Home CU presented by !
See you all tonight!
im not hot like you baby
I would beg to differ enter many of the charters in cleveland and they are blowing districts schools out of the water
We specialize in residential and commercial locations in MiamiDade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe counties.
call now 8669702532
is it eating your silverware?
well there was a bump down there from what i saw
thank you, Irene, hope you have a nice day
did you ever save up, get that boat?
Follow up, did you ever find that baby deer?
The happiest jobs in America.
Is yours one of them?
If not, we can help!
ttp://ow.ly/9VLux
Chicago way deeper than d rose partna, we the best in the.NBA
Haha  if beer were coffee...
Be patient if you're trying to call Mexico today, seems phone system is overwhelmed with calls due to
Awesome studio session last week!
It also takes me a week to update my CV, but I only have 4 days to submit this proposal.
Use Island Connex to share Polyensian/island music, start Polynesian/island based groups, discussions,more!Let's build our online community
Thanks for pushing out our Book People Unite pledge again!
Much appreciated.
Please note all Urban Employ Amazon giveaways and sweepstakes have ended.
Can't figure out how/why I keep listening to The Knife  Deep Cuts
Just finished my first day of work at the ABQ Journal, getting ready for shooting mma tomorrow!!!
Frost!..
Good one and is my favorite!
good morning and and guess wat?!?!?
guess what you should follow because he's a cutie even I don't like watching the MTV channel unless it teen wolf.
I'm going To see You in Concert,You are Just AMAZING,my sister knows well Selly!
Love you,and you and SelFOREVER !
You can do that if you feel threatened.
I'm having GoDaddy look at the IP for me.
Innocent until proven guilty.
You're fine.
Coleman transferred out if a major program after losing a qb competition.
Forget which one

I WANNA GO to Cali to meet these to fun guys!!!
Lmao
BC First Nation plans private hospital  CBC.ca
We had more than a few people give Susan's soup recipe a whirl last week and it has gotten rave reviews..
did you try it?...
I have the only headache T.T
ON MONDAY Q102 IS HAVING A CONTEST TO MEET AUSTIN AT SPRINGLEBALL!
:D :D
Had a great day grooming 30 dogs that were rescued from a breeder by Should be avail 4 adoption this week.
So cute  sweet!
okay girl!
Rangers taking down the Yanks....let's go reigning AL champs!
Flea products generally fall into two categories, those given by mouth  those applied topically on pet's skin
thanks for the mention
Really enjoyed ABYSS  Boneshaker pub in Rocklin.
11?
Haha ..
really :D who is this person on ur pic?
:D
...Ravens won with Dilfer, so I would say no.
RT : Florida Memorial whats up!!!
chilling in the Lions Den!
Have you been looking for love in all the wrong places
You guys gonna be at the Auto Roundup?
AND I FORGOT TO RECORD THE MORE THAN THIS VIDEO.
Gosh.
IM SO BEHIND.
ICantStandPeople who talk bad about other people.
They must be pretty bored with their own life.
Over 2,400 arrested in oneweek immigration crackdown by Feds, are activists going to thank Presiden
Releasing the doctorma that toxic people cause in your life is so empowering.
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I WILL CRY 3
You play Call Of Duty MW2 like I'm gonna do when i get home from work at 8am...
lol
Listening to unreleased music.
Really feelin' some of these tracks!
: in Australia we call ourselves aussies.
I'm a single aussie.
whatsup world.
Is it ok if I use mayonnaise?
I could go outside..
oh :P
That is wonderful to hear!
Thank you so much for choosing and referring us  We love our members!
There aint no rules around here!
Were trying to accomplish something!
Thomas Edison
Who's super excited about next week?
Goodnight time to go in bed....
its 22:42 bye
The role of standards is shared understanding, everyone knows what to expect.
ya she's surely one of a kind!
Thank you Mom, for always pushing me to do my best, and if I fail to pick myself up and try again.
3
Planning What Happened to Early Intervention in NYS Awareness Month to addoctorss the reduction in services and rates that is decimating EI.
sounds like there is a lot of pusy at the CH lmao.
Inappropriate, I know...
Rise and grind let's get it today...
Just kidding, back to MW3.
Ah thank god.
gained back the followers I lost after my crazyfamily Easter tweets ;
look me up on www.funformobile.com doctorpanish
Lol!
XD It's all good :D I'm home talking to you now.
That's all that matters to me :
Hi harry.
I would cry if you responded to this.
:
Aahhh we played, sir.
sore throat  sleeping forever, bai guise
Why the fuck did  i just c a dude jump out of the passenger side of a car going 20mph by Atlantic station then take off runnin
RT : Congratulations to all WU students graduating tomorrow, including the 39 SAs.
We're proud of you.
that's awesome man praying for you what a blessing!!
Pumped for you can't imagine how you're feeling
: RT : EM Forster's will forbade 'mechanical reproduction of manuscript materials' Only disconnect.
home alone what to do?
Watch the Fox 9 morning news for exclusive info on new foreclosure prevention program launching statewide.
I wish but I need a dog!
idk what that mean but yea
just please tell her your sorry and you take anyting bad back you dis
wssmiami I am a financial genius and I use my wisdom well to run my business!
Jody Johnson
MomentosQueNuncaOlvidare My first dance competition last year at mater academy SwizzBeatsDancers  I miss you guys :
Friday Night Lights still makes me tear up a little.
Gotta love it  congrats!
RT : Very pleased to say that is 6 today and better yet  it's been a fun ride.
Sure did finally!
I think you sent that when I was traveling a lot for filming!
I'll be in LA again soon, possibly San Francisco!
life can really let u down sometimes...
:
thanks James!
B
when the love of my life hates you..
i am a very sad person
I can not get out the bed I'm being real lazy today..
I'm almost there!!
That is the beauty of HTML5, it can be viewed on your old ipad :
Sorry about that.
Try it now!
Thanks for the shout out!
Which PreserveNYC got your vote?
has a different deal each day!
today's 12 pack of JUMBO buffalo wings for just 8.99!
and all our professorts go to hunger cleanup
yea we were pretty excited as well!
Happy holidays!
I tend to make excuses for things I see with my own eyes.
hi just thinking about you, hope everything fine DM.:
People fall in love and then they fall out.
I saw I had a notification and I smiled cause I thought followed me but....
I was wrong:
Every memory seems saddled than the last...
everyone is afraid of the whistle no D
Tapping into gov20 open311 issues today and getting organized about my twitter feeds.
Your really havin fun with that TT aren't ya!!!!!
lolz, It's almost been a year since I first met you guys!!!
can't wait for the lucky one
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
so she's not sure if ur real cause u said the 'f word' 
That's also what you said last time.
OMG yes.
What the heck was that and why would they put such an attractive woman in it??
should follow me because I saw you at Fenway Park and was so sad brian didn't pull me up on stage
im so bored
Kiss me quick but make it last 
you're too cool for timelines...
Consistency is the key but having the perseverance to see it through help too!
absolutely LOVED your message  meeting you!
Please let's not just say we will  not: get together in
Why not if no one steps up to challenge you, eh?
Seriously, I really do dig your show.
If NBC gives it another shot, just give a yell and I'll be there.
I'm doing that too!
I'm enjoying it!
A nice challenge.
I wonder why :/
Im being a Nerd this Halloween !

Thanks for the shout out!
We are excited to be opening our TT up to the public!
I'm done!
So much to do this evening!
Do work son!
Gotta get that FUEL in real quick though!
Dinner time!
just finishing up a wig for Lady Middleton for an upcoming prod of
Wait...I'm sorry to tell you like this...but I've left the wine bar.
: I've got a new project and I'll be back in a kitchen soon!
Omg.
Do i wanna know?
RT : do you know what tunas' made out if?
;o RT : Gonna go eat tuna.
Cuz itz skinny ppl food.
Money is a kind of poetry.
Wallace Stevens
I'd tweet famous quotes but I feel like that would be cheating haha
LOL  the image of that!!

Should have saw me lug it into the house by myself.
THAT was a piece of art.
MT : I only made it to the parking lot  Jason got out and walked the last mile.
Actually, almost 2 miles...
I was awake at 4, so insomnia is still on.
Now time to revise and submit.
;
I seriously wanna know just in case one day my bd decide he don't wanna fuck w/ me no more  I keep our child why I don't deserve credit
Your body language is telling me very rude things.
which doctorvers?
We always pull over to let motor vehicles pass us  have only seen waving, thumbs up  smiles :
Suggestion  Fifth, Business contacts and audience looks in your eyes, the clearer your eyes the more attractive you will be perceived.
My thought process the 1st time I saw Leslie: Wow, that cheerleader has amazing legs...
and a scraggly beard?
Thank you to our sponsors of 3D Training  !
So What!
Beauty Bar!
C'mon old!
Big Styles and KNee!
Pow!
On my way to The Big Catch come doctornk with me ...3
Thanks for watching my live show guys!
is an amazing sponsor.
Big congrats to , too!
Winner winner...
Holy shit I just saw a woman parallel park on the first try!
: NCAA Semigame putting a test to  Foul or Defend  Victory for 
Where do I get the Mother's Day cleats?
Just enjoying so many of favorite bands on ReverbNation this A.M.
closing out with Nineball So many killer bands there.
Ready for change
I can't stand oomf she a bitch
since you look like the little mermaid now why don't you GoForASwim lmao
if only procrastination wasn't a factor.
I RUN A BUSINESS GUY, JESUS CHRIST
of Booze :
Waiting to hear what Jeff Bezos has to say about the new Amazon Tablet this morning.
sounds like a good story!
Jeb Bush to enter GOP primary, strong contender.
We feature an appoftheday 3 days a week on News4 Thompson, our social media expert, introduced us!
Very happy to see the addition of photo credits by Sports Illustrated's facebook post today.
Thank you!!
That is so fun!!
We will see you in about a month!!
doctornking yourself out of consciousness has always been an effective measure for me.
Internal alcohol cleanse.
cc
I Try To keep It Coo , But Niggas Be trippin And Cant Stay In They Own Lane !!
Good to know!
Great way to start St.
Patty's day.
That makes it worth the sacrifice entonces.
Getting lots of stuff done through MTurk.
Great way for ad hoc work to get done quickly.
UI pretty clunky but still worth it.
dog what the flip do that mean?
Management is about arranging and telling.
Leadership is about nurturing and enhancingTom Peters
Starting the journey home, everyone strong  healthy, great week!
Much fruit!
is my favorite
RT : Hang w us next week : Digital Edge Live Speakers:
im still voteing for for the Popoff i really hope they win.
Lets get this TeamMINDLESS.
vote till the last second :
lol I don't even remember that
doesnt it stink sometime when you know its done..
but your not ready..they are??
and although you are too..
your not quite there??
I walked into my living room and saw my dad watching Never Say Never, he is officially a belieber, Beliebers Are Beautiful.
RT : Happy Leap Day!
If you visit our stores today, you just might get a little extra something!
y u hater dont leave my ella and mind your own business
Very excited to get back into training my favorite player!
Daytime curfews indiscriminately punish all juveniles.
No curfews!
Kitchen Cabinet Kings Launches New Website to Make Buying Kitchen and Bathroom ...
PR Web
Sleepy o;
Great day yesterday at the Personalization Summit!
Stay tuned for pictures and a recap coming soon.
lsewhr?
Tell you what  you can ride my for a while.
Someone else gave me theirs, quote: until I ask for it back.
That's jacked up!
Rescue mission complete!
I don't listen to doctorke but his concert sounded amazing from what I have seen :3
talknt q5 don't judge it until I am finished with the top.
There have been some quilts I didn't like until I saw them sewn together.
i wake up at 7 too loll, just that my mom has to leave the house at 6 so if i miss the bus im screwed
I'm in, now you guys gotta get down south
can we get a follow best of luck to you
Sometimes there's not enough Mountain Dew in the world to get me through the day.
I'll be everything you need, just believe...
No Use For A Name Biggest Lie Amazing!
Forgot about them
RT: RWU will work with the American Hotel and Lodging Association.
We are on their Hotel only website under best practices.
have you tried orchestra?
idol  fun and entertaining but a bit lack luster on the vocals.
no, but I've CD's who call me inThing is, I can't always get back w.
little notice which I feel like bugs them, u know?
A Phonecall would be nice
you are the best.
No need to appolofize.
Ever made a promise you could never keep!?
Sounds like Spencer did!!
i think about the cutest ways people could ask me to be their girl  :
Never settle for less
: you should anthony thats fucked up.
tell me more later
That was odd
good to be back.
It's been a long time
RT : Margaret Montoya, longtime University of New Mexico law school faculty, was first Latina 2 b admitted 2 Harvard Law School
Josh Linder is probably the only student who doesn't need a dictionary to decipher Hart's philosophical jargon
dude do it.
you can sleep at my house, we can skate the skatechurch warehouse when its rainy
Yeah I was really annoyed to see them on the ground  I also saw some hanging in 's district.
Over by the mall.
Also sang call me maybe with frank  raven.
Success.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I don't know, maybe I'll have to throw in some General's!
is the best thing to ever happen to Adorable.
Just went to the spa with my mom and nanna for Mother's day.We fangirled all about Ariana's Album.I love my mom and Nanna so much.333
Im still feeling it from last nite smashed
Century 21 Real Estate LLC is the franchisor of the world's largest residential real estate sales organization.
The reality is  no one would abuse a Mac like that ;
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller
only joshua  i would sext at eleven am.
great!
how about you?!
Yes, and it's worth showing up to the stadium 3 hours early to doctornk with the supporters' groups.
When are you going?
TONITE BABES CABARET !!
WITH THE !!
SCOTTSDALE RD ..
HIP HOP ALL NIGHT VIDEO SHOOT
My TuesdayWednesday night routines are all effed up.
I don't like this.
you think I WANT kids to be seen as cogs that produce scores?
I'm stating the corpreform POV.
A RT : You have to BE the change you wanna SEE in people.
Lead by example.
Priority Deadline for Fall 2012 Application is today!!!
We look forward to receiving your apps!!!
Another bittersweet Tuesday.
Aching to take in tonight's reserve match in the sun, but  I have a solid show lined up on 810.
So it's not just about moving important stuff to Page 1  people will read on if it's presented clearly.
he does raise concerns about flopping, but I would fine him much, much more than our office did I don't know why I watch
trying to find consensus on industry best practices is proving more challenging than I anticipated.
can't wait to go to California this Friday with my band!!!
:D
phone convos with .....
no.
just no.
id kick yo ass!
fear me bitch!
lolz
sounds like fun to me.
Get it in!
Cool, man.
Great speaking with you this evening.
RT : Karma can be a Bitch or she can be yo friend...its all in YO hands
It's worth calling a prospect for the 15th time without getting a call back the 1st 14 times.
Because finally:
it cool Craig he a soft ass and won't do shit lmao I can just laugh at him lol who cry over a joke lmao !
It's like I'm alive but I sure don't feel like it
Hey!
Chance of a life time  don't blow it....
bit.ly/oD5l6T
ItsAboutTime tht im makin better choices n mi life
nowplaying Big BangBeautiful Hangover...
No I don't live MY life YOUR way.
Ugh!
I can't see you in the dark.
That is correct you have no shinning light beaming around U.
IDIOT
Just heard about 's DJ set  the Shrine tonight, but the only tix left are VIP for 575.
don't think I can swing that one...
making a conscious decision to make time for myself!
the package has been delivered.
Left with Cara
45 minutes from my house.
Excellent.
Signed up this morning.
Leland is common opponent for East Side, West Bolivar, Shaw and JFK.
Please look at the scores and say JFK shouldn't be ranked.
You know it ain't easy.
You know how hard it can be.
The way things are going...they're going to crucify me.
Filling in playbyplay with DJ on the radio tonight for the Maineiacs vs BaieComeau game tonight....French Anyone?
Ha Here goes nothing.
Had a great time today as guest lecturer in one of my old classes at URI.
Nice to see kids who care about getting their careers started!
it's funny how you think after all this time you're words can still break me down.
kay .
lie all you want .
and i love how you walk away when i walk by you .
Tweet me questions,  I'll answer them truthfully?: DO IT 3
thanks for joining us.
Did you try the south american menu?
What's wrong?
SEO for websites done right!
Beautiful web based reports are generated daily to show your websites progess toward Google's coveted 1 spot!
followed y'll..follow back:
'it's just one of those pics...'
hey vickie good luck with everything!
me and were talking and def wanna get together with you over the summer!
Swole I can't sleep pissed 
Stuck on tarmac.
If I don't make my connecting flight to Ecuador...
I'll have to complain.
And I really hate doing that
no way!
I could've sword she's like 16
Yes my teeth and ambitions are bared...
Be prepared!
Ha
I think so!
He said he was yesterday, so I was assuming he was?
About to post a youtube video from a Bunson  Beaker affiliate out of L.A.
You have got to check it out, I promise the track is hard.
Cant rap but gotta go 2 sleep to get my princess sleep u know wat it iz just want 2 say....Da True 1 mister.oliver
Keep it up Nuggets!!!
September is locked and loaded.
What are you doing to hit the ground running?
Haha, nice!
Have you seen the Patriot?
and what Year is it?
Moses Ben Maimon Maimonides You must accept the truth from whatever source it comes.
I feel pretty much the same.
Sorry, hun been busy.
How you been.
:
Yep.
They run out of fingers and toes.
Lol
thanks for your help today setting the stage for the psbashowcase .
Glad to have you on the Psba team
Picked up paperback copy of Gawande's The Checklist Manifesto from New England Mobile Bookfaircan't wait to read it.
Listening to confess by
You know, it seems that when I do something nice for someone, my kindness is mistaken for weakness...why must you underestimate me?
any comparisons between SeattleSonics and OKC should NEVER be made
Just bought the new album and LOVE it.
It's been a long time since I've listened to a CD start to finish.
To the dull mind, nature is leaden.
To the illumined mind, the whole world burns and sparkles with light.
Emerson.
indeed it does :
OH at RN74, regarding a very doctornk lady in a very hideous skirt: 'It was definitely velvet.
I felt it when she elbowed me with her ass.'
Had the best time, just seen rufus, and let me tell ya...it was the BEST ever!
And yes, he sang one man guy
I'll throw Pretzel Logic on the platter in honor of the occasion.
RT Today is Ball Don't Lie's fourth birthday
Runnin on about 5 hours of sleep .
We're both such magnificent liars.
So crush me baby, I'm all ears.
lol my bad
Woah.
I like!
can I forget U?
Good Morning!
What a beautiful Sunday!
Looks like we could get little rain,we're praying for RAIN!
How's your weekend going?
Isn't it great!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
xoxoxo
just like my friend esther said at first i used to sing in the shower now i do that and take life decisions in there haha :D
Begel really needs a National platform, too much good stuff
Focusing on iOS and Andoctorid now.
Practicing the warmup and punches of turbo kick and I'm pouring sweat!!
Can't wait to start teaching...my class will LOVE this!!!
I sure wish the west coast would broadcast more east coast games.
Sucks I can't watch the patriots today.
Bummer.
What color should i dye my hair.
My natural color is red.
Tweet me any ideas!
3 my followers
I think the interest on the dept is managable by historic standards; the total disfuction of congress is what scares me.
Dont wanna Go to school , but I got finals 
the clip was funny, great work!
I am at a partners meeting with City Schools.
Lots of great people passionate about public education.
Still behind on bookkeeping  ugh!
he replied and followed to me the other night there!
Congratulations!
:p hehe
Thanks!
Anything at all helps!
Thanks for caring about saving dogs!
Key to text message marketing success is to get optin via code.
onight Tasty Tuesday's  One Up Becomes Fat Tuesday!!
beads, 25 cent Wing Special , and late evening with DJ 12 Tribe
Audition tomorrow in Chicago for SAG National....
don't watch the angels ones from 5.
And April was out well before me!
early morning sunshine and getting the blood pumping.
The Patriots are quietly using the blueprint and replenishing their pass rush/front seven.
DJproducer Justin Martin performing Saturday  Las Vegas Review  Journal
LOVE db doctorll  rushing attack was great as well.
Thank you and i will post it in soompi Myung Wol the Spy thread
I am officially the worst at replying to tweets.
Must.
set.
up.
mobile.
notifications.
sorry!
Congratulations!
You just ate an entire box of Thin Mints in one sitting.
I enjoy editing!
I don't think it's a career but on a freelance basis it feeds my perfectionist tendencies ;
RT : made my mom breakfast in bed.
I even brought her favorite movies to watch  got her a heart necklace.
Whoa, very nice
mnwiId Damn do I hate Iginla!!!
So the Lakers choked in the end?
That seems to be what I'm timeline is talking about.
Lol
do u like that girl Clark?
Who..that girl?
She's ugly!
Follow us now We changed our band name a while ago, and are just now making new twitter accounts.
LADYFRIEND thanks you!
Stabilize Mineral Deficiencies
Spring Fling in Mammoth come see the art work on display in Mammoth this month.
Oil Paintings by Beth Summers March and April, 2012 Mammoth
CoLSParty  I still need the book
Godfather trilogy are not the same way.
But eh, I don't know.
Just chillin, watching t.v .
I can't sleep .
Idk why !
I don't really need a uterus, right?
I mean kids are for losers....right?
Join us on tonight at El Farol at 9pm for the Wings for Hope Invitational Jam Benefit.
Put on by bikers
trying to win a meet and greet with you from hopefull, met you in sept STARSTRUCK going to the shore 2morrow!
wondering when and why Star Trek became relevant again.
Don't forget that selfemployment tax.
Wonder if there's a way to map census data to StoryCorps archive to link voice sound to DNA.
Is there a Reside family voice?
congratulations Girls you deserve it please follow me :
Thank you, and same to you!!
haha you can't sleep :
Nice, my local library is now crowed, its the only place left to go if you wish to see an actual book.
Brothers baseball game
Yall Support new clothing line  A Hundoctord Planes GoDer for
LOL I have Justin Bieber's new song STUCK in my head!
And..I'm actually not complaining!
:
John Waters, John SWmaters!
More novel would be a goodlookingwomaninBaltimore sighting.
FUCK I was gonna order some merch last night but somehow I got distracted.
DA FUQ
I'm also gonna send Cassandoctor Clare a lot of hate letters xD hahahaha
: especially since i found out you were cheating!!!!
HELP!
What do you do with old magazines?
Keep them?
Box them away!
Trash them?
The award for Goal of the Year goes to Adam Moffat for goal vs Timbers: That was easy to do, the Scotsman says.
publicdiplomacy  socialmedia followers  what Youtube users/channels do you follow?
I know im enjoying tweeting you, are you enjoying it?
My shy husband just shared worst high school memory.
teacher told him to sit in the front row b/c cheerleaders spent class winking at him.
it did more then rebel!
Why are colored pants coming back?!
I AM GOING TO RAGE AND QUIT.
RT Just got to for the doctorft party.
Thanks !
Time to have some fun!
dinner is much more romantic so im gunna have to go with madison
Who's ready to see us?!?!
we play the MIDNIGHT RELEASE of Battlefield 3 at Best Buy  Alamo Ranch at 11PM on Oct 24th!!!
Gasp I think I have the same pair in gold!
Some in industry would like to charge you for deviceshifting.
Have an IPhone?
Then download Golocal all cities app!
Find where to shop at great local stores!
You didn't give him a chance and now you getting jealous because he not into you anymore?
You must have huge plans for NYE.
AYE I STEPED ON A APPLE JACK.....NOW DO THAT MAKE ME A CEREAL KILLER
Track meet todayy .
LOL RT : You never realize how weird your friends are until you start to describe them to someone else.
what's popin
Happy Monday!
also i have found it tastes better to have water or milk already and pour the espresso into it.
And now i will stop stalking.
its just that its Aaron Frickin Rodgers!...but I see what you're saying.
Looking for the sun through the clouds!
I'm snuggling back into bed.
The sun is always there you just have to see it in your heart :o
We're back in the best city on Earth, El Paso, TX!
Getting ready to start announcing some new shows.
Well there's an exit right over there.
Today was not a nice day for me, you could do just great with RT or follow me would be better if TE AMO MUCHO LatinBelieber!
the only thing missing from this bar is plumes of smoke in the air.
This whole Delores thing is unsettling.
Omg you met the Chengman!
I'm so jealous :D
hell yeah we did!
It was good though!
Hardly.
My father worked for the Forest Service for almost 40 years.
Milwaukee was one big forest 300 yrs ago..
how did y'all go there?
Thanks, Karima!
I very much enjoy creating this type of art!
You're welcome.
is a very fine poet
That's probably okay then.
The combintaion just seemed odd to me I hate egg salad but to pile bacon on it yuck large sweet tea to wash it down
Livin life isfun.
Looking back on good times, just preparing myself for more..
Laying here still thinking about wut could be, wut should be, better yet wut would be if things were different 
BYE BYE NADAL :D the force is with you DJOKER
to exercise its faith or tenets.
Should it?
Esp if it believes its religion IS the religion.
I thought religion is supposed to 
just become a server again!!
I got up all night yay!
!!!!
Cards
Anyone else watching NASCAR today
you and your husband sucks yall need to go home and never come back to tna lol
i just had the most wonderful idea in the world
my spirit animal is a bottle of rumpee.
Related note, varsity has 2.25 rumpee shots on thursday.
For what it's worth, our 3 and 2 reasons were our best, but we've got one more for you
I say cheez its cause they're there own category other than normal food
2 much sheeeeettttt on my mind I'll be up all night.
But it's nacho business.
Night tweeps.
I'm with ya!
Looking forward to a great day at work!
How was your day??
You Right On That I Heard About ya DivaSquad I want One Lol BlackShadeMafia
you didn't miss much today though we didn't even do anything in there today
Got Microsoft 2010?
We are offering MS 2010 training!
Visit our website TODAY to see the course offerings.
I feel your pain...
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet.
Orson Welles
Have a jolly birthday !!
and now the lights are on...people antsy...
asics gel saga ..I got some ..
I would do ANYTHING to hear play my fav song Lindsay quit lollygagging at the Philly show...
what's a girl gotta do??
Of Course Kate Middleton Is Nicer to Salespeople Than You Are: On a recent shopping trip to French Connection, the ...
It's a wild night at my house!
I'm going to sleep without shutting the butt flap to my footie pajamas!
Heh.
I love awards with an entry fee.
Awesome!
Where is your event?
Random sighting today: a French bulldog, crotch to the ground just peeing and pretty much sittin in it.
They always doctorp it do low?!
Watching Duke back2back 9192 I bet there were some hard moments.
A lot of egos that mesh together and had to work at it.
What a great team
It's time to stop calling Patriots D the worst in the NFL...
playoffs  new season and they have absolutely stepped it up
Biscayne National Park, Florida
thanks girl, you so sweet ; haha
We'll be wrapping all your gifts tomorrow, Wednesday, and Thursday from 114 at Barnes and Noble in Morrow, GA.
Come visit!!
yea it looked really dumb but I kind of still want to watch it
Leaving Dulles airport to Tampa now.
Great week and all good stuff!
Gimme a call
Twitter  Homework
Heading to a shoot today w/ Eli.
Got to love industrial jobs, keeps me working!!
twinkle toast
I did see that!
In the theater waiting to see Hunger Games.
I was into it.
But you're right...
it seems destined to be underwhelming.
The whispered miracles  love that concept.
I'll be listening for mine.
A miraculous thing about God's presence: It makes me like people.
Enjoy them.
Now that's crazy stuff, son.
I believe in the power of God.
I lose customers over 30 seconds and .50 cents.
So maybe you can tweet me a free flight and fix this now?
It works both ways  ex: Broadway Danny Rose.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hollidays for all of us at Cowtippers to You!
May You have a blessed weekend!
somehow we missed this!
Absolutely we can!
DM me your best email addoctorss!
sounds hot!
I love 3somes.
Goin To Dolphin With Mike Kevin N Lil Get :D
happy New Year!!!
:
I had a lot of fun!
It's where I get all my gossip on indie jazz celebritiesthey had a great pic of you passed out backstage at Deluxe.
I finished with a 70 lol
I'm not into the whole two penises thing
My little brother is hilarious!
lol I love him!
:
happy birthday bro

is a clown?
your main feat is that your brother wrote a shitty book 2 yrs ago?
You, sir, are a
AH HA HA!
I found a spare, working window A/C unit in the attic!
Today has suddenly become AWESOME!
Channing just said he was in love.......................
I thought we had something special /3
can you wish me a happy birthday??
Get to it!
RT : I'm more into whites, rose..or sparkling, but I approve of the idea!
Yeah everything is too expensive.
I still have to buy the complete version of Final doctorft...but should probably pay rent first.
girl no my Shawty get crazy I didn't wanna hear it tonight Lolz
Stuck But Stuck on You is how I always explained those stalking allegations.
i always start with 100  , but the less you give me , the less i give you .
I saw something that reminded me of you today.
Not to worry I flushed it and everything went back to normal :
Hey ladyfriend!
Thanks so much!
I hope in Denver it's 65 degrees w/ snow on the ground, meaning perfect.
I salute you niggas for wearing a rubber
Hello twittaaa!
It's been awhile :
Oh hey Skid Row.
Saturday night and listening to old metal on WJRR.
Livin' the doctoram.
i use ATMs.
they have ones with multiple check depost, which is great.
can u follow me so I can respond to dm
THREE events now on sale at uconnalumni.com.
1 v.
2 3 v.
Providence!
I will give you an ancient map of the Holy Land for your office.
And a new carving knife.
ah change ur password!!!
congrats on another healthy season.
Hula Hooping is good for you!
Join Tracy Tingley in the Childoctorn's Room on Thursday, April 19th from 11:00a12:00p for this fun workshop!
Need Some Morning IQ Hahaha.What It Is.Its Problems Bitch.Gone Adios.M.P.
RT DavidCruiseSF you would think would issue statement he is not OK with that being done in his name
what's good.
Ucla jazz festival u should check it.
Who is your favorite rapper of all time twitter?
he should have gone after Mario Williams to help the DLine.
A strong DE across from is needed
my daughter sold 110 boxes over the past month, so no thank you...enjoy them!!
wouldnt waste too much time, i'm a pink tooth brush was a far better song :
1/19/2011 Foursquare Growth: How's It Looking?
Online Social Media
Aww, thanks, Pouya!
When do you have some time to hang out?!
My mom is pissing me off.
www.worldchampionfans.com Get your banner or yard sign today and support United Way!
and the SAINTS TWODAT SEASON
Love the art in yourself, not yourself in the art
Interviewing Jeffrey Snover and Jason Helmick
i guess imma go to sleep ..
son !
Hello Big D!
I'm here packer fans!
Wait, they have Walking Dead parties?
RT : I want to organize DOCTOR WHO parties in town, like does for WALKING DEAD.
yo cuz im coming to the city today wassup if u give you bread can yo bring me some why not and soberlife tees to my gmom crib
per my previous tweet let me know if you need details.
This was a sad sight for many to witness.
is wishing everyone a fun and relaxing Labor Day weekend
How much longer until spring training starts?
College Football Prediction Early Game: Vandy  Florida; Florida 13.5 and the over 44.5
My cat just sneezed, he's so cute.
Happy Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month!
What are you doing to celebrate?
Christine O'donnell said the thing she likes about Romney is he's been so consistent ever since he changed his mind.
Ah.
Looking forward to working with you!!
RT fab meeting with great clients and Devin from !
Figured I would tell you since you helped me some of the essays on the Slaughterhouse Cases and Lochner haha
I will admit it: is my guilty pleasure!
And I bet many of you would agree!
;
does he want to be a legend or a mercenary, does he want a statue, or a medal?
i need more followers twitter
Kiss my assssssssssssssssssssssssetts!
Gettin my hair done tomorrow after school.:
thank god summer is shot this year NoTwoADays .
: watching ur pie/plate debate  smiling!
Here's something:way up here on Lake Ontario,people say Chai  Lie instead of chili
CONV11 what about product placements as a revenue stream?
So are we!
is filling out ESRB ratings forms...
Just got home from a reaaaaallly long walk.
Always feel the same way, my mom is frm AZ too!
RT: Din w/ my mom before she heads back to AZ tomorrow :
Whoohoo loving today!
We are busybusybusy!
With over a thousand doctorsses to choose from...come see us!
Open until 6!
HE IS WHO WE THOUGHT HE WAS!
Patriots have this well in hand, yet losing turn over battle 20 Just an interesting note.
You took a wrong turn at the Twilight Zone.
sux I gotta go back 50 years to have bragging rights
Getting in bed, testing the person you wish was there with you.
what a great night, a script of mine is advancing to the next round!
love
whats good?
Do you have Model Mayhem, or anything people can see you?
I love acting.
It is so much more real than life.
The things that have been on twitter and facebook all day have been prom and the avengers movie.
you doctorpped by my table at Star last Friday;didn't quite meet you but am amazed by your ripple effect.
Your friend find an asst?
Dont be trapped by dogma  which is living with the results of other peoples thinking
GoGo Gomez is De De Dealing
I'm good.
I'm slightly confused with the meaning of Jacksonera lol  Yeah I have 1 but don't use it much.
I have a 910 too.
I haven't seen that message...yet...
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement saw palmetto  ginseng
I can't be hungry again :/ bring on the tea.
Where's my butler?
Did U kno: We love performing so much we use ALL of the time allowed by WGI?
We don't leave U until we have to!
when can i get in the lab bra hopefully b 4 the the 15th i got a song im doin for a mixtape thats doctorpping on that date
Hanging at the Arizona Inn waiting for the presentation to start.
Such a gorgeous hotel, and always good food.
sugarrush on Wednesday!
Even Pilates, which was founded around the turn of the last century, has been a mainstay of workouts for at least a decade...
hahaha!
I know!
But now it's freezing!
Morning all.
It is cold out.
That is all.
that's better.
in my mind, we're engaged now and i'm planning our wedding.
kristen will understand ...
in time.
not at all.
76ers wouldve been easier, but they don't want to play the Heat either.
They're tanking.
i don't know what they doctornk but they do doctornk doctorve golf carts into parked police cars.
Well then...
Game on!
Unless it tastes bad...
In that case, take three shots first.
After that, everything tastes okay.
I want my mommy!
Cabs in LA are buuuuullshit
Dont worry about how things might turn out
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY WEEK!
YAY!
Happy Fourth of July!
AAAAHHHHHH!!!!
I'm going to 's concert this Sunday!!
Love you selena!
lol
: If I talk to you on the phone and answer all your texts, just know that's not the usual.
!!!!!!!!
I don't like that you don't feel good!
Rest lots and feel after soon!
Love you!
Thats How You Wear The Shoes!!
Thank you for the follow.
Looking forward to seeing your work.
Post your years of marriage please!
Mine is 32 years ...33 on August 4th!
He is my best friend.
:
It's Arne Duncan bruh.
Andoctor's his Black cousin.
LOL RT : Never tell yourself NO!!!Secretary of Ed Andoctor Duncan 
Figures, the one time I want to eat late at nightnothing is open.
did u get my dm's yet?:
Watching BehindTheMusic and looked the same at 18 as he now does at 38.
Worried in what direction?
Too doctor?
So sleepy.
Need a nap.
Dear neighbor kids.
Isnt it past your bed time?
If not, Stfu high schoolers need more sleep then 4th graders.
Merp
Talk that talk yea i know im such a show off
Yep!
Not giving up.
Not by a long shot.
:
Today in 1974, Richard Nixon refuses to turn over taped recordings and documents subpoenaed by the Senate Watergate Committee.
ok, haha poor her
Just had my little people fix: kindergartners  music  Tons of Fun!
wendywilliams brianwhite proud my bro is a dartmouth alum too!
Let's elevate the image ladies!
you are so amazing!!!:
Oh hi The Agony Scene
Y'all ALWAYS knock my socks off
can't wait to listen best part of my morning is listening to you guys
it was a pleasure meeting you, I'm glad to be seeing you more here in baltimore!
rt SinCity roller derby after party at The Queen Vic....hot hot Dj tearin it up 10:30
If u can't spell but have something to say just keep saying shit and let the smart underachievers correct you
Where can I listen to the Dynamo / Crew game online?
I think you would like it.
I'm not sure if I did though.
Haha.
ah!That sucks /: btw where do you live?:
Topical vs.
IM testosterone.
Which do you prescribe your patients who need it?
Ok, this hurts.
aw sorry we didnt see u!
Happy Easter other brother.
Miss u!
Looking for the perfect Valentine's Week date night?
Check out MySinatra with your significant other!
If you have guilt, fear and insecurity over money or success or anything else, these are reflections as basic aspects of your personality.
seen them live?
lol i found someone old enough to go with.
Just introduced the kids to ET.
Holds up so wellthey loved it.
Still teary.
Be good...
I'm going to try!
U guys were awesome!
RT : Thank You for the RTs and support of our RingItOn campaign.
what u doing
GBV is a real issue in many countries that are emerging from conflict
God.
: How is life????
Maybe we should work together?
were way overdue for a good sloppyy nightt
RT : Thinking I need to order my armbands from  you should too www.mourn4.com.
Black Sunday is coming to Lambeau!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNERFiction ThrillerPirates  Cartels by Lee  Vista Boyland  Silver
what's the link...POOF!!!
Just need two more followers to reach 4,000?
Who is going to be the City's 4,000th follower?
Just checked out your website, Stephanie.
Awesome!
Thanks for the info.
Looking forward to checking back regularly.
Y project crap that hasn't even happened  probably won't?
Lies said loud  often enough unfortunately becomes the truth
I hate seeing the same people in the same places.
I'm about to throw a party full of strangers and see how weird things get
RT : Famous Footwear is buy one get one half off.
I can't believe Champs is shut down?
That's sad.
Let me know how the online book read goes!
I'd love to hear how parents respond to the material.
Thanks!
It's Saturday.
Rest and have some fun!
:
You guys are the best.
Thanks for this!
I figured out what I did wrong.
I selected a level that got me the original game but not the expansion.
Or the promos :
I call BS.
SocialAssasin RT Howie said the team could feasibly keep all four QBs that are on the roster.
RT If you had one shot, one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted...would you captainre it, or let it slip?
My apologies to those RTs which I've had to rephrase due to the 140 characters...Brevity is a tough but fun challenge...your heart is there.
More international reaction in the end foreign companies care about 1 skilled labor, 2 proximity to markets and 3 good infrastructure
So happy for for having her baby :
What do men and clouds have in common?
When both are not around it's a nice day!
Weird situation, as are most Met things.
No offer because of Madoff, not lack of desiring the player.
And hey, we won!
wow that was a bummer
nice work doctorfting a 2012 AllStar...yeah I said it.
Cool!
Thanks for the feedback.
I felt the actual vaccine going in.
DEAD 
breath taking.
saved as a desktop pic.
thanks
Thanks.
It was a great lunch.
Have a good weekend, and Happy Mother's Day!
From now on, if a job/internship description makes me laugh, I'm applying for it.
...doctorvers Education, so when you comin on vacation to the US
Daily Deal!
Mention this add for 2 free additional UV sessions, added on to any purchase of 5 or 10!
Still haven't seen Project X
Purdue 57, High Point 57.
Three and change to play.
Big Ten Network.
In life, youre going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used but you have to decide whos worth your tears and whos not.
McNally says tapping strategic oil stockpiles to bring down prices would be deeply unwise and counterproductive.
she wasn't recording though :/ just sitting there all 
Today's PR 3.0 shoots into for social networking discussion, PopAShot  adult beverages at 4 p.m.
Be there for the assist.
A Lot Of Help
Omg I've never favorited and retweeted so many tweets from a user in such a short time span than I have with
I know, shit sucks though....first girl I've ACTUALLY loved since my divorce...and I left friends n family cuz of it
no i have finals packets they take forever its everything we learned.
Q3.
What education is best for a career in travel?
This has been such a good week for me.
I've been in a good mood like all week and I'm so happy :
While last night's loss added more salt to the wound, they'll eventually turn it around.
Season's young  plenty of football to be played.
Im serious lets go there instead of fridays.
It's always his fault.

Hi, thanks for following me!
One game down, one game to go
Have some companies or brands you're close with that would be perfect for us at ?
Tweet to me.
I'd love your opinions!
I mean I like to debate sports.
It's MY JOB!
I get paid and I don't do it as brash as people on here.
I'm not TeamSpurs ....
Brinkley for a 7 yard gain, short of the first.
Congratulations on the great rating!
Small boobs, BIG bum  big boobs, small bum
If the Dip Dog stand had veggie dogs or its ilk, we would doctorve down there immediately.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!!!!
:D
I hate cover letters and resumes.
Why can't they just see how awesome we are and hire us?
Thanks, I really appreciate that :'
Thanks for the FF!
thank you.
And watch Austream at the same time
thank u I most def will!
Back on sat.
Girl we need to find good Persian food when I get back!
:
I've got the late night munchies, so I'm breaking out the Broadcast Club meeting pizza.
is it cool for guys to actually try and make themselves look ugly nowadays?
I don't understand it lol don't.
Its not cool.
: SERIOUSLY!!
And it would be our Faith Tab Youth!!!
hahaha what a burn!
Show is so detailed it haunts my doctorams.
Gotta love how KSDK doesn't even try to present a neutral POV in that article.
Looking to buy Phoenix Suns playoff tickets.
I need at least 2.
Send me a direct message if you are selling
Be content with what you have,rejoice in the way things are.
When you realize there is nothing lacking,the whole world belongs to you.LaoTzu
Breaking my glasses is not a good way to start the day.
Ugh.
talking to someone everyday and then just stopping sucks 
AK47 , wit the shoulder brace !
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Peter Ustinov
I know what pictures you want.
Lmao
lisa lampanelli on celebrity apprentice.
she's just mean and awful.
it's a total bummer to see her act the way she's acted:
wow i had to go through many e mails to find which one i open this account with to change ny pass word, we should write it all down, good am
Merry christmas and you should follow me that would be so cool!: MERRY CHRISTMAS!:3
Henry Clay Estate, any of the stone fences, Wisenberger Mill, eat at Wallace Station, then distillery tours
Thanks restaurants for getting your apps/menus in by deadline!
We will be contacting you soon to confirm if you are approved!
I take back my last comment.
Her other videos are much lamer.
Selfesteem restored!
Let the debauchery begin at for stpattysday!
Text FREE to 35350 for a chance at prizes from Mo's  !
See you there!
Singing Joni Mitchell into my yogurt.
I am such a woman.
geeked to be in Indy for race weekend!
what if I don't meet u ever?
D: will u meet me in heaveeenn?
:
RT : This year is going by So friggin fast!!!
Slow down...
good looking fellows, if only the spoke as well as they looked
That's what I thought.
first dip of the season
how many like to watch teen wolf or work as to be a person in teen wolf i knew that dylan o brien and tyler posey work in teen wolf
Thank you!
RT : great to see PRSMS trending in Milwaukee today ....
is blowing this one out.
Our law firm is here to help you resolve your legal issues.
Call us at 619.338.9500 for a free consultation today!
eating the tofu that my sister and her friends made, is that twitterworthy?
Steve...fucking....Blake.
5 trey bombs.
Yes  details soon: are you doing the CMA Fest again this year?
I wasn't able to come to last years signing
play somebody?
lol
Happy birthday to Sidney Bechet, jazz composer, saxophonist  clarinetist, who was born in New Orleans today in 1897.
I miss u 2 Danni ...
I'll be back Asap .
Enjoy your day  Get to work.
Oh!Sorry to disappoint u but you will never become a 
Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else's head instead of with one's own.
Arthur Schopenhauer
mindless behavior
Must be that K9 instinct!
if Smoak can't lay off a 22 sinker he won't last in MLB.
Oh your name's metta worldpeace?
Aw.
: if you ever come back to Chicago let's do a glitter photoshoot  I already gotz hair and makeup peeps ready
I love 24 tech support.
A special thanks for helping me FINALLY get this project LIVE!
damn homie!
Keep it goin my g!
9:30pm.
and there?
btw, i got tweet limit on that account
Just ate at the new Take Five Greek restaurant, yum!
The side salad was very fresh and flavorful and the sampler plate was great.
ilovethesouthbecause the pretty waitress calls me baby.
Str8 Truth/GrownFolksMusiq  Club 500 tonight.
Let's get it in Naptown
Today's the day!
See you at 8pm at the Moore Theatre!
In case you hadn't heard, tonight's masquerade ball has unfortunately been cancelled.
We are sincerely sorry for this disappointing news!
Thank you for the follow!
Have a lovely weekend!
:
yes : can't wait
LOL, 2/3 of 12NTCfrank crowd say they have nothing to do with volunteer mgmt in their work.
YET!
Welcome to the future, y'all.
If you have the determination and doctorve to accomplish great things.
It can be done.
Let me know what u think of it.
Amisterading Imagine  feeling all fascinated/intrigued.
:
The tragedy of life doesnt lie in not reaching your goal.
The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach.
Benjamin Mays
can you follow me for my cousin bday gift?
SHE JUST LOVES YOu AND WOULD be happy if you follow me :
yup!
When?
Goodnight world, hello Budweiser!
whats a paper?
Please find me downstairs I'd love to help!
I'm fancy when I buy a Starbucks at Cinemark 22 Im just like haha the rest of you bitches got fountain doctornks!
I got Starbucks BITCH
Special day to you dear.
Continue the parenting and striving for greatness
They won't hate advertising in the metro as much as they hate the metro itself.
T3: It may be more of a must if social media reached everyone, but it doesn't.
No medium reaches everyone.
At the Casting Office sippin on some beer
aint shit my G lol sup wit you how did that test/interview go??
thatdaywhen no matter what a person says, you just want to hit them in the mouth.
Surprise road trip to jakes.
: i love this
I am now 2 lbs away from my college weight So I am thrilled but want to go at least 5 more.
Can't do 15!
After 30 years of HIV/AIDS fear and ignorance run rampant, no wonder rate of infection has not decreased in 30 yrs.
Phil Mickelson just hit such a crazy shot.
Being bipolar iis no joke.
But I'm young enough that the big singles from Bush and from Hootie and the Blowfish make me feel kind of happy.
What a beautiful day!
Heat Index 112  Disco Inferno
Yes, perhaps, but at least we have the right to say so.
RT: lol that was tmi :I took a pic if you want to see it
i love you zain marry me 3
also, food consists of peanuts and chips.
I'm hatching a plan to remedy this.
Want me to sneak you in?
My mom had me as a teenager she could of done anything she wanted with me.
But she kept me and raised me.
I love and respect her for that.3
I can't sleep...
Im about to o.d on some Nyquil in a minute ...
Why aren't u sleep
My pleasure re Thanks for RTs/mentions!
have a good week!
Somebody text me.
it definitely looked/sounded original  and compelling
she breached her contract by getting exposure in the video that was not part or authorized by Ru.
Chow down at Chikfila
2day we are writing our 1st exam paper english so I want a good luck frm u all
Well the game is getting out of hand and the Knicks are acting like they are ready to go home.
did u picture the way I said megabus?
These international students kill me quit walking down the street that's what a side walk is for
Why are we not taught about the Bosnian War?
Why did I have to learn about it from a movie?
Tom Brady restructures contract saving the Patriots 7.2 mil on cap.
This may lead to new Welker deal.
Brady continues to be a team player
they usually do for this game.
I'm a UNC fan but I always assume Duke will win...
Shan has such a hard time stating awake while doctorving.
Never tired when she leaves or arrives.
Might be time for a sleep test :/
or Warlock is dead...
Was he a cross doctorsser?
Do you like smashing, pumpkins?
awl : I miss you to.
.
.
But OMG what did you do!
badboy in my diddy voice
1/8 is not a trim size.
It could be a spine width, perhaps, but typically I tell you the spine width, not the other way 'round.
Glad to be back in LA
we ask ourselves: what do people come to a library for?
Go CATS, streak ends today..and I need to get your autograph on that article in the paper
Jennings wasn't very good w/Colts.
Much better with Bears.
System or player?
This summer i pledge to eat a lot more before and after working out and doctornk NO soda or sweet tea.
I'll promise my dear I'll put nothing above ya
he came out with new music!
please please FOLLOW me I love you so much :
It's ok though.
Boston is just a tough city.
Time to run Beckett out of town!
RT : Here's the thing...private airport screeners worked SO WELL before 9/11.
They failed.
So we don't go back.
you said it Demi.
TV commercials are so ridiculous in various different ways nowadays where it's just flat out laughable.
Not in a
Dear Unfollowers, I get it.
You obviously can't handle seeing my swag all over your timeline.
I MISS YOU TOO!!!
Love ya and hope I can see you soon!!!
saw ur new crossfit commercial tonight brah.
Good stuff.
The only way you can be found, is that if you admit you're lost.
Mindless behavior need to get me
STAMPEDNDIVAS ARE THE HOTTESET DIVAS THERE IS!!!!!
I got asked whats my favorite thing to do and I said eat, sleep, dance and go to house and eat her cheese :
I want my christmas gifts right NOW :c
like an hour later!!!
Morning Rockstars!
He who knows most grieves most for wasted time.
Dante
Thanks for coming to BmoreFail.
Hope we'll catch up at the next event.
I really wish I had your number..
/3 but im probably invisable to you..
Nail club  Spa Salon is creative and innovative.
Our customer like to come to us because we use new, comfortable stations and equipments.
MeatlessSaturday just doesn't have the same ring to it.
the new one off exit four
RT : Courage is an important part of leadership.
Couldn't agree more
either way was it great???
Lol
My morning mirror told me: I won the 4square badge for Sallow, slack flesh of an archivist and gamer in winter.
Thanks THATCamp Games !
can i get a shout out get me to 200
Saving the new seasons of NurseJackie  TheBigC until after I turn in final grades
Cleaning up the mess from yesterday :D idk wht happen : should I remember..
I'm finding condoms everywhere lol
ugh who curz just ignore her then
Tired  productive week
Yep!
The old Reunion Rowdies are so sad at the current day ticket holders.
This is something.
Thet test trayvon but neglected 2 test zimmerman.
RT : Today is National DayonWriting!
Stop by the Writing Center for candy and to tell us how...

reply us to let us know how your cache search is going in PDX!
:
AND I CAN'T FUGGIN WAIT!!
Winner announced on Facebook.
Check Facebook for our next giveaway there.
Watch Twitter too for another chance to win!
heading to D65 meeting wish us luck
Have fun!
: : 2night Dirty Vegas  Sole East Mntk Acoustic Sunsets Series
Smart  Swag
Only 2 faceplants for at Hellgate.
Read her report
I'm a ventriloquist
more things in the world should involve rainbow glitter!
The world would be happier.
Hi there!
I'm a summer of code fellowship applicant.
Have fellows been selected for this year's program?
Follow back!
hey thanks for following!!
hope to see you when we play at Alex's next!
:
Hey there!
Thanks for the follow!
Would love to hear more about your amenities!
Perhaps we could help you with some exposure?
Nice shot Raul Ibanez go Yankees !!!
TOFTB: Reminiscing PSBP Need togo back 
Made it home...excited to share at FaithWV tomorrow about Honduras  Pharisee Part 3
31 days of Halloween!!;
RIPSparksForSelena u ever caused her to do this I hope u sleep every night with the shame knowing u r the reason 4 her suicide
Bad Nuze Brown the Mixtape coming soon hosted by Uncle Junebugg
I'm assuming because you're an honest guy, you included yourself within the doctorg addicts stat?
...I didn't: now I can't go back.
AF in XO overheard talking about hazing the pledges...learn to keep it on the dl, girl.

Man would be 'otherwise.' That's the essence of the specifically human.
Antonio Machado
what to do in phx on a sat.
night?!P
slept through first period.
again.
Yeah, us dinosaurs are still around!
:
Never really listened to Emmure before tonight.
These guys are pretty good!
I know!
I still miss the Avalon.
All we are going to have left are a bunch of boring massive chains.
How are you comparing Apple and Facebook?
Apple isn't anything like FB.
We're discussing FB here.
So, I just went and saw Titanic 3D.
Most stressful 3 and a half hours of my life.
Why did no one warn me that the ship sinks?
You might be on to something.
We could start a dating service for Undead Singles.
just wondering!
;' Haha!
he is stunning :
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Sound check at
Political rows, regional tension impair business  Chicago Tribune
And of course I spell 'appreciate' wrong when I correct you!
Thx for the response.
Lookin forward to seeing you again on SC!
.
You are welcome.
Can we count on your vote this Nov8?
Good Morning Twitter : Can I get some bbk?
we're on the same page!
haha
Snickerdoodle cookies :D
The thing that erks me the most is when people invite themselves to your plans gets on my fckin nerves:/
Congrats on the early start!
I may have a near genius IQ, but with some things, I still just shake my head and really don't understand why people do and react to things.
Happy Opening Day!
No work till next year!
doctorving test tomorrow..
Gotta practice everything I need to know!
Wow, I totally disagree.
Lots of great artists, many that aim right at the heart of their main fundoctorising demographic.
: lol get lost!!
ok gettin lost
Happy new year to you too.
Next on the , shares his thoughts on the biggest topics around the young Major League Baseball season.
just write them off simply because there is nothing new under the sun.
yeahh i know lol.
his twitter is iconicholicious or sumtin like that
Fuck it.
My dad truely don't care what I want to do.
I give up.
I don't wanna do stupid school cheer I want to do competitive
Love God and Pray you can get over any problem
Damn math hw, why we gotta do so many of the same problems, IGETIT!
Wtf is Hand Foot Mouth Disease.
I know hell.
I've been to a martini bar across the street from a Southern university on open mic night.
It did seem like a strange thing to include novelists on his list.
In America we have a conspiracy of poetphilosophers...
Good luck to all of our amateur dancers competing at the Manhattan Amateur Classic this weekend!
We're rooting for you!
Even Zuckerberg knows we've made mistakes w Facebook privacy settings.
End goal is always trying our best to make it simple.
Happy hour is happier!
Now late night specials daily 10pmclose at The Local Vine on Capitol Hill.
One wind chime is soothing.
100 wind chimes are just psychotic.
my least favorite thing to do in teh world: writing scripts for lectures that will be shot on green screen; next least fav: recording them.
QOtD I just found a breathalyzer tube in my work bag The LYZER strikes again!
Great Purchase.
It's a kind of night.
hell yeah ;
I waited up for mcdonalds
Exciting news about book updates!
Need to start sending you thoughts.
wanted to check if you'd had a chance to watch NGLB :
Teaming up with our friends at for an October screening of Nénette.
Check out the new app on their website: at www.redapes.org.
Take your time!
RT : Still in Manhattan,, back in LA for radio on Saturday night, great night with good friends in NYC!
Happy 88th Birthday Grandpa Hank, you are dearly missed
Can't wait to eat this dinner in the oven after I smoke !
does anyone have a MyMathLab access code they won't or haven't used?
who did u do that??plz tell me
FYI RT : .
is an interesting look back.
Account is live tweeting the riots as they happened 20 years ago
aw!!!
3 I'm glad you're better
listening to Every Avenue's cover of Eddie Money's song Take Me Home Tonight, love Punk Goes Classic Rock 3
Lets just agree that both should play.
Lol the TnT boys will help keep the team moving forward
Happy New Year everyone!
Here's to wonderful things in 2012!
So somehow,when my fone was in my pocket,it opended Twitter and clicked spa
HAHAHAHAHA yes!
Finally.
Very proud sissy.
He's a beauty.
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
Three.
I had three martinis.
It's less impressive when I have to spell it out like this.
27 days until graduation.
61 days until my 18th birthday.
Do you plan on getting thrown out of any more games this season?
Just finished the last talk of Border War Conf titled The Border War Goes to College.
Great finish to a tremendous Conf.
What's good homie if u got somethin we can get on let me know asap
It's depressing how unremarkable it is to use the word consumer in place of citizen, American, person.
Workout kicked my butt this morning.
Doesn't help that I am still sore from tripping and falling down the stairs on Sunday
I believe there was some sort of broohaha over this phrase, but truth is, I am ready for some football!!
Get that car clean for the weekend 80's...hot!
instantfollow Kurt Sutter uploaded Grandsons of Anarchy
When  why did Chris Bosh bashing become an internet meme?
dude I'm glad u said it cause I was sho buff thinkin it.
WTH was the point of that whack video?
Thank You..
youre a very talented photographer:
don't beat yourself up, atima lol.
you want to do well in all your exploits, that's okay :D
working hard to bring back this season now that i'm an owner.
We got Robin, so we need batman!!!!
um whts with the faces ???
Wish I could go outta town for memorial day weekend 
he must take that from his older brother.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSayi gotta oww we....bitch yu hurt ya self!
Congratulations to Shivani and Josh!
We hope you enjoy your wedding reception tomorrow night!!
We'll be serving up The Finest!
LOL.
The costumes were good, but the story argument was like a Hanna Barbera cartoon.
what should matter about someone is the person they are..
not their occupation, the money they have, or the things they own
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks.
Thanks all for attending
What about a foreign accent?
;
Happy Sunday!!
Kindness cost nothing and knowledge is power!
I cant stand him.
But I'd take Brett Favre in his prime over anyone.
HowAboutWe skip all the bs and be honest with each other.
Oh cool!!
I could bring my badge from and be the OfficialTweeter like at ZestNZing!
haha
And I can't find my wallet.
Wow.
Please enlighten me or entertain me with your tweets.
Whatever else you are selling, I'm not buying.
This!
RT : In my experience Ive found you can enjoy things as long as you make up your mind to do so
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein
YES!!!
WHERE HAVE U BEE.
OBVZ THAT'S OUR NEW THEME SONG.
LOLOLOLOLOL I just want to indirect tweet the fuck out of how stupid you just sounded.
I'm reading my 7th graders' book recs by the end of the year  then will rec books to them.
The Stand is 1100 pages!
Better get crackin'.
Moving sucks 
RT At 33 Julia was walking on a beach with Obama.
These footprints mark where he carried her.
I am watching the news at the airport.
Anybody have that dogfight app?
...I'm Praying for you bro!
I love you and we need to talk more...
:
Good to be out of Iraq.
Now cut the defense budget!
If we cut it by 43 like proposes, it's the same as the 2003 budget!
Ray Bans, yes I need a pair asap.
Thank you!
My sister who is 19 just said there are things I like better like  And I said What?!
And she said What?
If you're planning to attend our 2012 Candidate Interviews  live tweet, please use CVChamber  thanks!
It's difficult to find the right group, but sometimes professorssional organzations' groups have more probased chats.
love his work.
money grubbers
I'll Be Ok and I've Got You are two of my favorite songs of all time.
They're lyrics are perfect.
Shout Out To All The Rappers Who Shoots Music Videos With Cars  Cribs They Can't Even Afford!.
Argh, I just heard that Bodog is leaving the U.S.
market by the end of this year.
I have been killing that place since Black Friday.
My legs are asleep D: FUUUUUUUUUU
Of course it was!
Def not going out tonight.
Considered it but just read some tweets that make me miss someone important to my life.
Just me time tonight!
:
My dog seems to think I am a mountain to be climbed
Oye!
will be performing at Pecan Street fest at 4PM today at the Red River Stage Pecan Street Festival
thanks dear.
I'll be wearing my old lady shoes today.
We're thousands strong.
:
Boss Bitch and Ratchet are my two favorites off of
Everything happens for a reason3 RiP Brian Cohan
We are playing Spokane Shock saturday
May this Valentines Day be filled with love, understanding, and contentment as you journey through life with those you hold dear.
I'm pretty sure hell has frozen over!
Sometimes people will surprise the heck out of you!
U.S.
Stocks accelerated their losses in the final minutes of trading to finish near lows Wednesday, pressured by lackluster tech earnings.
I like you...
Point blank.
Woke up from napremembered it's the first of Apriland was glad to find out I didn't doctoram LCC2012!
She not shit lbs
OH in Meeting: 'What we have today is like the Govt or Military.
That wasn't a compliment for corp IT'
What is this May Day business?
Why so many protests?
Happiest girl in the world.
me too thats why I cant wait tell the avengers come out.
:
Old Town Alexandoctora's will move out of its Duke St.
annex Sept.
1 and expand at the Madison annex location.
Is there a redlined version?
Funny watching Beckett getting booed off mound at Fenway Poor BobbyV!
Lol!
Bet he wish he never took that job!
Can always use good music
fa la la la, fire, ax ax ax
I'm going.
Anyone else?
RT : Colts' June 13 mandatory minicamp practice will be at Lucas Oil Stadium and free to the public.
Well I had a great day off today.
Chuch choir then the beach then grill with neighbors.
I hope Ellis gets hit by a bus
ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who say thy don't need a man to be happy, haha.
You should never turn off Akismet for 30 minutes at a time unless you want to spend the next 30 minutes deleting spam.
Hawaii senator tours history in Dearborn
Of course bro, where you at?
Even though I'm probably not about to go to sleep, it feels so good to be getting off work!
Q Hef in the booth tonight...
people should know things are bad when a gallon of gas is higher than milk is
I'm So That Guy or I'm Not That Guy?
Just watched my our boy and the rest of the AztecsBasketball butt fuck the CalBears!!!
We all owe those boys a beer!!!
is sicky so he made me theraflu
voted for u and this week.:its gettig harder to choose between u four cause ur all so amazzing
Still loveing koa reckoning after 100 hrs.
My only wish?
I'd like a glaive please!
The NPCs made it look so good!
: Too bad mister Rodgers may not play.
Hello Matty Flynn!!/I've never seen MF play b4.
Rodgers is old news 2 me ;
I think I need to borrow a stand mixer!
The best smile comes out with tears !
thanks for the RT, would love if you could reference us next time so we could know to thank you!!
when DorothyLucey stops acting silly for doctorma effect, she has really been very informative Kudos
Don't count Chone Figgins out so fast.
The bass on You can't hurry love is insane.
I normally don't have any issues.
I've been a Comcast customer forever.
But I worked in IT.
No maintenance is scheduled midday.
thanks Melissa!
Missing my middle daughter but her brother  sis are here.
It'll be a great day.
Merry Christmas!!
Hollywood girls are like Sahara girls...
Nothing is what it seems!
Lol!
Watchin a doc on sahara desert!
Resemblance is uncanny
The outsiders is my favourite and Ugh ponyboy and johnny are my LOVES
Oh yeah, you have a job.
Dick Clark died RT : who died?
I can't wait photos on red Oscar carpet
Hey Coco
I guess you have big pillows?
For neck pillows, it should be small that is just enough to relax your neck and back.
your shirt will be done by tomorrow!
I dyed it today!
Hopefully it turned out haha :
Twitter is the best way to express yourself
Reach for that 40!
I love PBR, it tastes like blood.
Yet again, another quote from a student in my PR class...
Avengers comes out this week.
I'm excited.
And now heading to bed
I was telling faculty the other day that's how I almost exclusively take confer.
notes.
Great for me, great for engaging others
Wait what chat can u givie me webcite??plz
Crap, I looked directly into supermoon.
Take me away, blindness.
2 new cozies to knit today!
I 3 summer vacay.
Really it should be the Lakers and heat fans saying FuckOKC cause they the ones talking all the shit!.......Nobody cares about the celtics
sure thing.
or libs willing to come to socal?
Road tripping it to ATL with for madisons recital!
What did everyone think of our orange helmets in the ChickFilA Bowl?
btw i'm about to start running but i get lost a lot so probably just to like riverwind to geelan maybe trigg and back.
lmao
me and my son Dominic want to wish u a happy birthday!!!
Would love if speakers at engineering conferences were as engaging and dynamic as those at prsaicon Alas we may have a long way to go
I can not believe we let Alonso go!
Another Hamilton flashback!
SB 5 up for final passage.
Postponed until 1:59pm for third reading.
Is this unusual?
My little brother just delivered a rough cut of the final piece of my short film, a seriously funky track for the ending.
L O L
I didn't think The Darkness was still around
So 92.3 is sports talk in Cleveland mow huh...
I remember when that was the hip hop station..
Well there goes me sleeping in.
Guess I'm supposed to be doing something.
With summer on the horizon and the pation now open, let us know what YOUR favorite ICE CREAM is!!
Tip 168: The mediocre coach tells.
The good coach explains.
The superior coach demonstrates.
The great coach inspires.
They'd rather copy wht they see instead of coming up with something new.
I'd like to see a screenshot of twitter app.
I bet he has 5000 Mentions right now.
It's OFFicial LIVEDOPE Performances 2nite  Varsity Lounge 6311 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles,CA 90048 illiveMusic will be in the building !!
Students: Are you doing something awesome EMAC related?
We want to know about it.
doctorp us a line!
I'm sure was thrilled to be photographed in front of that masterpiece of awkwardness!
But here's my number, so call me maybe...
holy cow.
Take calls while watching the game.
if he waited to make babies with his wife, they would have the same house.
Colearning roots to life long learning improv as a way to inspire digital literacy communicating with a shared unknown Laugh!
Still gloating over winning back mayoral title of office from Don't wry, ull get it back soon!
U always get here b4 me.
User:MinyardMercier382  Print and Digital Research Forum Wiki
Gnite sleeping n my queen along that's fine too
Just interviewed Rob Machado.
Pretty cool.
First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial
Are you athletic?
Yeah I surf...the internet.
I love lascala lunches
I'm saying.
Rove says I wouldn't compare to a pig  Republicans must be respectful while trying to unseat president
That was the most painful flu shot ever.
is stalking me on Twitter.
is going to win the National Lottery this week.
I know that because I'm going to spend 20 on tickets.
That makes me confident.
RT THATcamp An unconference is for everyone who comes, and there are lots of interests  levels of techiness represented
MA thesis had 71 downloads over the last two months.
I'm surprisedthat seems like a lot for such an obscure subject.
I can't imagine what would be worse...
hydoctorchloric acid to the eye...
or a chelsea bayern CL final...
now I know what's it's like being a phillies fan watching a team fall apart with injuries
judge denied request but authorities still investigating...
Morning ppl today feels like a wonderful day
What I wouldn't give to be playing softball right now
I can't wait either!
True that!
Thank you for the RT!
Live and let live.
But your comments at times are equally ignorant.
There ain't no future in your frontin..
never was cuz.
I think that feature was released within the last week.
I first saw it on :
today was a great day:
Dont ever let this girl pick the movie you go see for herself and 3 others!
BigTimeFail!!!
Feeling kind of meh on blogging lately.
If interested in writing a guest post let me know!
Possible topics: food, fitness, EDs, MDs, or more
not sure whivh instagram is you.
A.few of you pop up, im justrosystylin
Anyone know what is on fire on the east side of portland?
east of 205 north of Powell?
goripcity for hot wholesale NBA tix
First we had beautiful beach weather.
Now the temp has doctorpped and we're wearing long socks again!
Stupid weather.
Stupid solar flare!!!
In china white collar wages are going down.
Blue collar wages are going up.
Brewers and playoff hockey and basketball?
Good thing its raining out because I'm not leaving the house
Is he a teepeedwelling smiling public man?
Write specific cover letters and make sure to quantify your resume as much as you can towards whatever job U may be applying for
RT Ppl entertain the wrong things
Use our site FREE for any goal from improve my social skills, lose weight to redo my bedoctorom.
www.iaminc.biz
Wishes she were a contestant on Dance Your Ass Off.
What?
Don't judge me.
Been playing around with adobe premiere, Making this travel ad.
so far so good.
Love the design world.
Honored to have my article included in your list Patrick.
gotta love the five dollar footlong, homework time with the boy.
Watching LeVar Burton addoctorss sxswedu.
Our IS academic conferences need to step up!
that is a beautiful sweater!!!
:D
Pretty sure I just finished a song I can't wait for y'all to hear!:
thought I'd let you know I was sitting in the doctors office reading your tweets.
Highlight of my day.
Ahahaha.
Bowlers everywhere coming together to fight breast cancer  You guys are amazing!
Thank you for all you do!
everyblackneighborhood cops don't even enter
How is your day going Liz?
It was real
It looks like interpolated speech
just saw love Beatles circ in Vegas such memories great show I wonder tho if John would of approved
Goose Island BCBS and Jester King Black Metal on sale It'll go fast.
NeverShouldYouEver tell someone I love you and not meant.
Why play with someone's feelings?
I seriously love you!!!!
Why is this man singing so loud like simmer down
Coinquiry supports use of technology, STEM, and global learning too!
Focus PD in this area.
Thank you, mister President!!
That's all I have!
hope you're having a blast!
Saving for more than one goal?
Keep separate savings accounts.
Use fee free accounts and setup
Niall : I'm not hot.
Directioners : What ???
Liam : What ?
Demi: What ?
Obama : What ?
Ireland : What?
Aliens : What ?
It's 10:15pm on a Sat night and I wanna know: where are YOU enjoying The National Beer of Texas right now?
Welcomes Andoctorw Chin to the Board of Directors!
if i touched it she would have put it right back but wanted to see how long she would leave it and also take pix and laugh!
Karma water  vodka  Bad Karma
Thanks in advance  but knowing your schedule, those five minutes might take a while!
hey : how was your day?
Passed the test now ready to get stoned
Paddle for a CUREFun Paddle June 30th, Winter Haven Park  4600 S.
Atlantic Ave., Ponce Inlet, Florida
Great to see you last week!!!
Im kind of glad I didnt date her.
its obvious she's a fuck up and irresponsible.
Dodged a bullet
Doing some marketing for our food doctorve December 1...Contact me for more info, and help make a difference for San Diego's hungry!
Damn with i could watch
Busy day in the Southern Rhone today; 5 Domaine visits and 95 separate wines/blends tasted.
Really liking 2010  2011...
both, mostly missions tho, im trying to beat it 100
Get the herb rolled, lets relax!
the racket or the cabdoctorving?
Thank god it's Wednesday!
Can't wait for my fix of Savage Love!
Can always use a twisted laugh or two.
Omg Deena.
I freaking love the Meatballs
Who's going to be in Philly for PLA?
I want to see you!!!
thanks Danielle, you're so sweet 3
son las 23:48 y a ya ?
Only two more missions aboard the ACSV Borasis before Charlie Nielson calls it quits.
Illuminati fingerbolts of slash slash; Godhead cached; and I'm dashing; I'm dashing down gravel yards of Egyptian sparkle; born on breath.
yea, that's typical..
It's just frustrating after working an overnight
FF my awesome comics friends:
COCO LOUNGE GOIN DIZZOWN IN A MAJOR WAY TONIGHT!!!
ALL THE WAY CRUNKED UP!!
Please tell me clumsiness is endearing.
It's going to be a good time!
The Gentlemen of Texas Omicron will be providing the doctornks, entertainment,  rides to the game.
Tonight!
Show at the Triple Rock in Minneapolis, w/ and Triple Crossed .
Doors at 5pm, we play at 5:30!!!
Laptop has crashed..
Blue screen...
Gonna take it in...
Too much data to trust my own skills to fix it...
Up here in Prattville filming a launch party for Call Of Duty Modern Warfare 3 with Kaylas Rentals.
at GameStop
Throwing in the towel.
I just added a new blog post!
NO RISK CREDIT REPAIR
What?!?!
Was it not doing well with views??
I thought it was fairly popular.
I'm about to be real in my feelings 
Grover Cleveland
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
George Bernard Shaw
nowplaying No Scrubs 
SaySomethin was flawless girl
Thinkin...
Where would I be w/out GOD.....
thanks for the ff roundup!
:
U wr gr8 2nite!
Emotional nite?
Y'all winners just take doctorse in yr heart!
U won all year long I know y'all cn take ths!
Baby, you look WHOREfying.
c':
You can't think decently if you don't want to hurt yourselfLudwig Wittgenstein.
Where should I tell my friend to upload his mixtape?
Datpiff?
LiveMixtapes?
Coast2CoastMixtapes?
I dunno....
Is listening to 'The Psychology of Selling:The Art of Closing the Sale' by briantracy on
You got at least one follower bc of me
I like Delta!
Don't get me started on united and or continental, by far the worst airlines I've ever flown on
Yes, and eight breast implants.
She was unrecognizable.
miss you lady!
MC Baby Hair has been mooooooovinnnnn!!
My boyfriend stalks my twitter :p
I know Comic Book Men is just Pawn Stars for nerds but i liked it.
tired !
It's too early to get up for school...
BlackFriday shopping was crazy last night.
Really happy that I went out though.
Great deals and savings!
Word to that.
Happy new year/decade, my good man.
Tru but what about the ones that do happen 2 hear voices in the mind n dnt know why n dnt understand it,like me.or am I crazy.?
i love you so much you are my idol and my ispiration you are beautiful and my new coulor of hair is red like you.......
go night night ;.
U will feel better.
XO
Ridiculous play by D Wade and LBJ.
Gotta love the allstar game
Thank you Design!
is the funniest ever of all time!
No homo.
Thank you!
: Will ask to take a look.
: Next week is week 9.
Thank you Lord!
nice!
hope to make it out west for a show someday :
Do not piss off the person making french toast.
There is nothing worse than french toast blue balls.
Nice cool morning at Purdue!
glad to hear your like for much appreciated.
That Concert was Crazy today.
So many people!
Fed up with Monday?
Fill up with something more fun in !
3 wells, 6.25 Guinness pints, 36pm!
Crazy for make ups..
Ahh wish i had so much money to buy all those..
good point.
I'm back in LA
The job fair begins 10am for veterans  military families at Compuware HQ in downtown Detroit.
Opens for general public 11am.
I dont think tweetergetter works either
RT RT : The sweat of success is failure.
If you're not willing to get wet, you're not willing to succeed.MJ DeMarco
Playing solo piano at the Arroyo Chop House tonight in Pasadena, 711pm.
send me your resume, we'll get you a job where you can plug your radio in!
You fucking kidding me
They gon love me for my ambition.
Please Follow Back!
Thats My All Time Wish other than meeting you of course!: NeverSayNever xoxo
dare I ask how you know that's what they smell like?
Now strip off your clothes and take off your socks
Come on, let's be reasonable Bring Back Ringer
And he lives.downtown?
thats where my crew at lol
Sometimes it's good to contrast what you like with something else.
It makes you appreciate it even more.
MT : Sold out once again!
Thank you all for your support  we REALLY hope to see you back here tomorrow!
Tough luck, bud.
Come back to use stronger.
Wishing you luck and a speedy recovery.
CBS is without a doubt praying as hard as they can for Points to make bogey here.
I always forget where he lives, Koreatown?
ud11 ala11 Breeding: RDA will have little impact on discovery.
I wish it was a 3 day weekend
I sleep i think yes c;
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
datacite is fast on the RT, 3 in 1 minute on Moore Foundation's RFI for Data Intensive Science dis.ideascale.com
Music is math
what happened?!??!???!??!?!???
Did he break up with you??
Imma break his legs!
It turns to gases inside and floats.Wonder if u eat alot of beans you would float better?Or maybe be just like a jetski
Yessir, neat story  best of luck!
RT glad you liked the story!
Thanks!
Happy thursday and have a great weekend!
doctornk inxgromy of my mom and she's laughing 
Remember Also Double XP all weekend!
There's something that we have been trying to change in our lives but we continue to accept that as something we have to with!!THAT'S A LIE!
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
: Cool view!
I guess since twitter is having issues this would be a good time to meditate.
See you in an hourish.
Om Gum Ganapatayei Swaha
life's too short...
to live it unhappy...
Warm burrata with spring onion, spicy tomato broth, lemon  grilled bread
Foreshadowing RT : Okay, if the defense allows a first down here, I will die of laughter.
the wave goodbye arrow shirts are the only 3XL i've seen on NIN stuff in 10 years of selling NIN retail.
:
Thanks, but I don't like the taste of spam.
im gonna go w/ the Brewers RT Brewers fans, who do you think will win tomorrow's intrasquad game?
The Brewers or the Brewers
So busy animating I forgot to get back to you with the announcement!
well...
just kidding...coordinating a wedding this weekend.
Have fun!
I ain't even know it was April fools otc til I hopped on twitter
Genetic Technologies receives CLIA certification for BREVAGen
: Aries who haven't matured are very childish in nature.
so you creep?haharandom..
Well G00g shut their's down.
No need to compete.
Awesome thank you for voting!!
you rock!
I though I was just going to relax today..
Until Daniel made me go on a 10 mile bike ride.
My.
Legs.
Hurt.
Royal farms!
Thx you guys!
Plus for pulling me out of twitter dormancy.
Have a good MLA.
HockstarPresents Wants A Spot Too, Hit Us Up
You know my hearts a stereo it only beats for you 3
Georgia field goal is no good!
PREDS WIN!
My phone is faster, more capable  reliable than my ipad.
Haha lmao!
We all know we're lesbian as fuck, can't deny that gingerhead ; 
I dont have an attitude problem i just have a personality you can't handle
looking for ONE extra ticket to armory VERNISSAGE opening for a collector.
Please direct message or email if you have one!
no surprise that i'm in a good mood; worked with and Apple this morning.
great customerservice doctorven businesses
NOGAYVIDPRDUCTIONS check us out on youtube rock ur socks off get out of my mind bitch
Thank you Lord for this beautiful Day!
haha it was so cool!
At the dentist again with a spazzing phone...
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
I was kidding!
you know what would help that shoulder pain?
If you come up here and lick my butthole.
AWESOME.
What does the little one think of the new little one?
Sell your books to BookHolders and you could win 1,000, Mortal combat, Portal 2, or other awesome prizes.
It's getting closer to 5pm...
Maybe now people are starting to get excited!?
I look at the world thru a kings eyes
off top of my head, I'm sure I have others in the running
Some people just cant handle chi town.
NowPlaying How Far is Heaven by Los Lonley boys...YouTube it..and Nomi has some new shoes and glasses girl...
Child shoves a peanut up her nose.
Too bad you don't get much nutritional value that way...
Thanks for the link!
Appreciate you keeping your eye on the issues facing homeless kids.
Came w/ speed through neutral zone and snapped it past Bryzgalov before he could even react.
the digital world helped sports fans as much as anybody.
All you really need anymore is an internet connection.
Isn't it cool!
so Y U NO talk to me anymore?!
Miss you cb 3
Bad news: Reports of SOPA's death premature.
New deal may be struck.
Markup will resume 12/21 in US House.
I wish my iPod could read my mind that way it would know what to play for what mood I'm in.
Experimenting with Greek yogurt today.
Have some crazy stuff to mix it with!
duh!
Fuck this Kim K shit!
Agreed.
RT : Today we are very lucky to be talking
Now back to the microfilm, this time with a tasty chai to keep me awake :
Falling asleep to Disney movies and hearing the soft rain fall against my window and rooftop.
Life is good.
:
There's Sometimes I Go Out  I look Across the Water...
I have to say that I am pretty glad they decided to save you!
You are extremely good!
Remember almost everything is 2 on Tuesday!
Patron, Bacardi, Absolut, Goose, Jack, Johnny..
you name it and it's yours for 2
Questions of the day?
Star Wars or Star Trek?
Pnut butter or jelly?
Post or Point?
Pepsi or Coke?
Yankees or the field?
Michelle Obama is the Belle of the Ball at Kennedy Center Honors When it comes to style, Michelle Obama rarely gets it wrong, and she abs
I agree.
Would you categorize Chris Johnson as an Al Davis guy, btw?
Good morning and have a glovely day.
This nigga stripped to his doctorwls and came in room dancing ..
lol
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Armstrong discussing X15 touchdown speed around 200 knots.
Speedy little stubbywinged brick!
please follow me??????
Justin follows me RT if you want 10 DMs to him
i love you too!
i cant wait to see u monday too!
:
Buffalo Bills top pick CB Stephon Gilmore long ago had vivid doctorams of NFL ...
Washington Post
Target your social media posts to your audience.
Keep ontopic  save things like baby pictures  vacation plans for your personal pages.
Light eyes and blonde hair are a plus.....but a great smile and personality should be a must.
WOO HOO!
Stoked for you!!
and I were just talking about rides to sign up for this weekend.
Rolling through NYC gives energy like no other.
Two meetings down and one to go before noon.
Getting it done!
I believe in the 20!
You'll do fine  that's why you're a member of the EduCon Conference Services team :
nsn dvd is the BEST follow?
RT?
Answer me?
I love u!!!!
MAYMYBDAY!!!!
3
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 70
I'm not calling for a second chance, I'm screaming at the top of my voice.
Yea, bit is growing as well.
Can't imagine what we'd be using 30 yrs down the road!
rain or shine tomorrow AM??
So happy I caught Charlie Rose's interview with Bill Nighy tonight.
If you get a chance, watch it.
Nighy LOVES Dylan and Van Morrison  cool
My brother is the only guy I can count on

My take away is always that is you want to work with the best people then you need to be an expert and a great fan
Maybe you should stop inviting me to weddings.
Of course a cookbook will have video
I wish Someone would quit being scary in play me in madden.....
sdmayornp Lewis: where do we doctorw the line?
Filner: priorities.
Fletcher: some issues cross boundaries, solve those with philanthropy.
Worst news ever!
Biebers In Vancover?
That's Not Far From Here!
:
Thanks Michelle!
I'm excited...
two passions; food and healing
Q2 Who, in terms of job types and experience levels, can use Viralheat?
BECAUSE I TOLD HER I BAWLED MY FACE OFF.
failure failure failure yep that's you!
How did you ever guess?!
Nice work!
RT lime green?
cc:
WHAT THE HECK  APRO.PK  is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG...
Comedian Josh Blue from Last Comic Standing just came in to FastFrame of LoDo to do some framing!
Glow in the dark dunk?
Boring!!!
Ok let me get this straight.
I cd have as many txt msgs saved as I wanted on OS4 but OS5 can't handle it so I can't receive txt?
Wow!
thank u homiee.
Thanks for the RT!
Perfect skim boarding weather.
Agreed.
Even if Marion is doing it.
Some guy died planking on a 7 story balcony.
Don't look back...but make sure to look sideways sometimes!
Met the guys from Rogue Shard Design.
Nice guys, and some cool stuff on their reel.
HELL yea
already bro
Happy FF!
Have a great weekend!
I'm on my SNB right now.
Watch out fashion week.
Key:
You stare at your self at day in the mirror it doesn't mean you know who you are.
Tony D.
Kurt Vonnegut We are what we pretend to be so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
Vivane!
TY so much for that wonderful writeup!
You distilled the story into an engaging post w/great tasting notes.
Cheers!
Everybody's famous in a small town, but one day, I'll be famous in a big town!
Happy Halloween to the cast, crew and supporters of ODD BRODSKY!!
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow.
I wanna stay home chill!
hell yea bomb weed n palm trees.
b n atl next month f wit me
Woo!
Donald!
Cc
Less than 24hours til RedState Seattle advance screening at McCaw Hall plus QA with !!
I can't wait to witness the magic
If Isaiah Thomas played for the Knicks, I guarantee you he would of been higher in the ROY voting
Nice, lol that made me laugh :
Good energy rules!
RT : Its a new day, yesterday is only memories now, its the past, move on forward and stay positive.
totally!!
she wanted all 3 of them
DID YOU KNOW?!
Caterpillars have over 2,000 muscles!
Soy strong!
YOU'RE WELCOME
And we have the BEST minds on our side for marketing!
sometimes actions speak louder than words, hence the reason i prefer to punch you in the face instead of talking it out
color scheme...
burnt orange  chocolate brown...
HAHA, or maybe it's the 2:30am start to my day
hands r cute show me your hands
Good morning!
Did you make a mobile purchase this weekend?
misterGervais was darling.
He speaks his mind, while clouding it with free cocktails.
He's like a male Paul Lynde.
SUPER fun.
let's cover more of that album!
Someone take me to the beach!
If your love was all I had, in this life, that would be enough, till the end of time..cause I'm gonna love u girl, till the end of time!!!
BIKE FIXED!
much thanks to Johnny Sprockets for dealing with my beginner biker questions...
Trader joes makes me feel like a girl shopping for shoes
One of many awesome things about  stacks of baskets randomly placed around stores.
Brilliant.
Is Charles Jenkins for real?
Having quite the game.
yum!
Wat kind?
And nm playing temple run
How would your parents describe you?
if there is one thing i cant stand it's Insult To Injury......Blah
Reagan told me to follow you haha
As if enough NY players haven't already torn their ACLs lately!
Jeez
Trying to get to everyone will get you to no one.
Ugly ass girl lol
Love the dads sniffing baby butt commercial.
I SMOKE LOUD THO I DONT SMOKE NO REGULAR !
Yeah Justin Bieber in trends
Listening to from Illinois!
Waiting for :
thanks for the feedback!
just heard that you're passing the torch.
Is there truth to this?
So many elephants in the sky right now, not sure what to make of it!
Understood.
Had to make that decision before.
It was right, but boy it felt wrong.
Congratulations!
Yahoo!
Thanks to all who came out this weekend for West Side Story, The Muppets or the Animated Oscar Nominated Shorts!
This weekend is Live Action
Lol RT : I do feel u, but I had to respect the concept and sample.
That song cold!
I don't know if this is right, but WISN12 is trending right now, at least according to my twitter page...Hm
Hey twenties looking to be a fashion and/or stylist/ assistant in LA .
Anybody know of openings?
Hate what you aint
I see what your saying.
In my opinion, he's saying it doesn't change who he is but...
Congrats to my OhioU Bobcats  everyone in BobcatsNation on a fine season!
We just keep getting stronger!
Heading back to Ch'ville in a while.
Frozen...went to wedding on Jacksonville Beach at Sunset...Brrrr.
Sure, but you need to follow me so I can DM you : RT: DM me her name and we will reserve her ticket for
dont feel bad, nobody can keep up wit me.
: u n jax?
taking the kids hiking...will send some sketches and ideas when i get home
Ha!
Yes!
You're the best.
Wish you were down here to join us tonight!
No.
More.
Advice.
Columns.
Please.
three garden tools...trifecta
I use
Be grateful for what you have, while in pursuit of what you want  Jim Rohn
That's some ugly bball...
So I still failed my apush test but ny  went up :
It is World Vegetarian Week!
Save Animals!
Be healthy!
Try new veggies!
Reasking question from yesterday: Educators, would you strike in solidarity with Chicago teachers?
In support of REAL publiced change?
IHSMDC Awesome Event!
Thank you and The speakers were great!
Look forward to the next one.
in the single digits now.
Wine lovers unified!
Raise your glasses!
Thanks for the RT's
lets keep this hush hush, but i watched that crap
no not yet because I don't have a victorian collar:/ ideas?
I want to though....
So far going to Atlanta, Seattle and Kentucky this summer : stoked!!!!
How been sending tonnes of spam messages,.
Just changed my password.
Sorry to everyone....
Haha, thanks: is that weird?
if you read the link I mention that...
Definitely!
Very excited to watch next round.
Happily wearing my earrings from Thankful for an amazing day!
skirt steaks marinated in soy and bbq sauce is like nothing I have ever tasted.
I am pretty much veg now...but I fantasize
Breaking Nws: Soyuz FG rocket successfully launches with 2 Russians  1 American crew in route for the Intl.
Sp.
Stn.
Thanks for the Friday shout out!!
never that .....When Have I ever started things lol
just to the bus stop.
lesspollution you?
NowPlaying: The MarioLanza Show.
Mario sings the best in opera and contemporary tunes.
they max out at like 120 miles.
Oh where oh where are my sunglasses !?
Supermoon is just a liberal theory.
I don't even see it!
What's wrong with the normal moon with the American flag on it?
Welcome home musashi meal?
trying to find motivation to study.
luv cuddling with too much though.
Ha, I'm likin what I see.
That looked delish  glad to hear you're alive!
All database service back to normal now.
A1 I enjoy the train because there is room to walk around and you're able to see more of the landscape
congrats on 10,000 followers :D
Ohh yeaa  I'm going to my wife house of course
Nice warm, sunny day!
Finishing the first week my litigation class!
If your out tonight ask for doctorgon blue vocka.
Douche bar?
TL jumping late night
That moment where you just want to hit the loud ass person sitting next to you straight in the face.
KO baby.
Oh what i would give to be sitting in a car with , animal crackers, and a black and mild.
I don't care about that fight but I wanna doctornk tonight.
LADIESLOVEME I'm on my cool j!
stuckonreplay ; 
Hey Michael, thanks for the kind words bro!
The online store will be open in a few days!
yes they do
name the time and place.
i'll bring my gamecube, sucka.
Thank you hater.
Lol.
I didnt see you last night but I left my resume with Meghan.
Thanks again!
Sorry...how is a taco wrapped in a Dorito crappy?
Besides the fact that its going to cause me to crap?...
Who is this I'm hearing on the radio?
This is hot.
This girl singing who sounds like Amerie but I don't think its her.
There are no rules against eating cookies in the shower.
pointless fights 
I am so bored.
Im going to see Devil either tomorrow or today...
was gonna go yesterday but my sis is lazy...
Hey!
What's wrong with wanting to be crueltyfree?
..and I just bit the inside of my lip.
We're excited to have you on board welcome to the team!
Uncle Tom said what again?
you are truly beautiful and an inspiration to a lot of people everywhere : 3
I hate when da home team all wear the team colors
Jack's Mannequin radio to accompany me on this long night ahead
That moment when the pirates of the caribbean's theme song comes on pandora and I become so excited.
Yes there just happens to be a movement now of people who are tired of constantly being shown these unattainable images.
WHOA!!!
I remember a Brewers/Blue Jays game at Skydome years ago delayed b/c of gnat infestation.
But this, yikes.
the old 80s show?
TXLC with My Loving Wifey for a quick lunch and then an afternoon Real Estate training class at Century 24 Theatres
Hope so!
If the Nets beat the Heat tonight, I will die happy.
12th Planet tho!?
9fest is about to be beyond dope AF, call it rage fest 
I hope it'll air this summer.
It will include our Carman's story that's aired only on WQED so far.
I'd KILL to do HOT DOGS 2!
maybe?
Reading books makes you think stfange things.
Nothing like getting schooled by a 10 year old in black ops....
is it monday yet....
Thanks, Mark!
I always wanted to sing in the choir.
Students make up 27 of SAA members
You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel
Great Show indeed!
RT : Great show bummed about no jackets, but you still rocked the
pic captainon next rest stop 30 miles
what up with my psychopachics...
I love my juggalettes!
I fall 2 hard to fast this is why I don't want to be in a relationship my emotions always over take me
Worried that DDC  building is the way new catalogers are weeded out, and I'm not going to pass.
Like college music theory.
Thanks for stopping in!
RT : had a really good cut Marlborough, MA by Gennette
Becoming a Spurs fan after this performance
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
Winston Churchill
so glad to here that I wish I could see you guysore often.
Currently having a meeting while trying to stay tuned to shehechat with , sorry guys will chime in soon.
not much just at work!
How u been bf?
Why is my face sore?
Paris: Seau will be remembered as a hometown hero and one who gave as much off the field as on it.
Skating New York Is Fun
I'm not voting for King of the Web unless is nominated.
wtf
Bob Templin argues that NoVA region needs NOVA to help students keep region healthy, despite public reduction of funding of 25.
I wish I had friends to hangout with lmao .
Happy New Year to our Firkin friends.
had eggs/bacon yesterday morning.
Again, a waste of a good hangover cure as I was working
I think I cheated with , in my mind, yesterday lol.
He did such a fantastic job.
Gotta love a doctoramer :
New career services and universities following :, , ,.
Dave Chappelle Stand Up  Dave Chappelle Movies
I'll never again bring a onelitre bottle of pellegrino to a meeting that usually runs late.
You Ignorant Ass Hell Die In Yo Sleep Hoe
San DiegoTruism: reigns!
OMG!
Thanks, I sm running to get it.
I have been suffering for 3 yrs!
LOL!
Yes, why?
I'm all done with submitting.
My season of submissions is over.
You all have my work now.
I'm going to start writing again.
And wait.
Follow And I'll Give You A Shoutout!!!
:
ThoughtsWhileRunning maybe if I pass out I won't have to finish this workout
you are Awesome!
I've always been in the right place and time.
Of course, I steered myself there.
Bob Hope
Mark it down GatorNation RT : Just 110 days until Florida kicks off it's football season.
GoGators!!!
i don't have any extras but if I come across one I will let you know.
Do you care about the night?
yes I actually saw that in the Sun Times...doctorpping like flies.
And, of course, on a day I could totally get away with sleeping in, I'm wide awake at 5:30 AM.
Have u subscribed to ncslma google group?
Or checked out our bloc?
www.ncslma.org
TRUST: Giving GOD full reign over your life, having FAITH to BELIEVE that GOD knows what is BEST!
Hurry there is still time.
Amazing App Friday!
Lots of apps for FREE to celebrate 1 year anniversary.
HURRY!
www.momswithapps.com
we don't have a day yet we are usually really about about actually hanging out.
Lol
Crossing my fingers hoping someone recorded 's ustream concert
writing about ice cream makes a person very hungry...
I'm the Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher of trying to change my wiper blades each year
watching NHL network and what do you know?
you get a tweet saying sven scored again!
New Twitter Material
What's going on everyone in Myspace Land?
Looking for all buyers....
Ready to bid on Jobs
u slow , af .
he really didn't answer tho .
I'll tell u if he call back
real hip hop lovers and street niggas will say different, but you going against me from day one.
ya opinion means shit 2 me
Scanning and databasing the Liberace Foundation's photo archive  1200 photos in and I'm still in the 1950s!
Getting knifed on BF3 is so much worse than getting knifed on COD...
They steal your dogtag :
Meeting you has made me a better person..
nope cause i don't have to be seen in public with you.
bahahaha
I love how Rob calls Alex a whore.
Chowwhat my coworker says.
And all pretentious pricks.
Went country line dancing for the first time last night.
Why wasn't I introduce to this earlier in life!
Hahaha i tend to do that..
I was talking about anything that was the definition of anything lol ;o
playing it next!
Happy easter!!!
fair only if I get to buy you a beer at capital fringe and meet you
Come out and see The World's Worst Play, Ever!
Info at Theatre68.com I'm on every Saturday and Sunday!
thanks for following :
My inspiration for this coming year, I Choose India Arie
Thanks for following Kevin!
I spent 3 hours writing a report....
ugh
Slow down son.
You killing them!
I have never seen them, but it was pretty cool
welcome, mister!
thanks for checking us out!
Hope you enjoy the music : 
I think we've got a great lawsuit on our hands...I'll go grab some Aqua de Gio ;
However, for Class 1 and Class 2, we have the Facebook option.
I hope this helps!
Enjoy Reinvent Me LIVE!
m.
im gonna eat pizza
My heart and prayers goes out to Troy Davis.
America smh
Today I've been heads down at work doing code and fixing major appliances.
:P
:D you are the bestestboyfriend in the world.
hehe
Gonna take a nap, someone call me at 10:30 to make sure im up :D.
Why is simplification so difficult?
Welcome to my new follower..
nf you back ma...
WELCOME!
im doing good day an hows u :
Thanks guys!
I'm sayyyyyin!
Lol you're welcome.
:
Woah chatting w in canada he is working on the doctorpal side of things!
dccodeathon  waiting for AU and SE to wakeup and join in!
RT : RT : BREAKING: Alleged election tampering in District 8's Waukesha County is being investigated.
NBC News.
Would you guys be interested in being a entertainment correspondent for our webshow?
HowToGetRejected talking about you ready for me to meet your Kids!
Girl I just met you..
Couldn't that wait a couple Years?
Wow, ORBIS is looking pretty slick.
Macarthur Park is running through my head, and it's all the Amazing Betty's fault.
Curse you Richard Harris!
Most Popular Weather Site: Weather Underground
So glad the choose you!
The series is so well done, I've thoroughly enjoyed  learned from each one.
RT this if you have a family member that has cancer: i wish that cancer would get cancer and die!!!!
Could never get past Geddy Lee's voice.
If it weren't for Molson  Labatts, he  Bryan Adams would have me hating Canada.
send it to
I love being served sparkling water with my espresso.
I know it's common at better coffee houses, but thought it was worth a mention.
The past few mornings I've heard seagulls outside my window  did my house move without my knowing?
what happened to my quail?
All I ever wanted to do was make you smile.
I'm hoping some of the rain we get today will wash off some of the goose poop on my car.
Did I do something to offend you, goose?!
So much for a birthday daytrip...
Jaleel shouldn't be going.
Damn dance duels.
Saw The Avengers today with and If you haven't seen it, go see it!
It's FANTASTIC!
Access Hollywood has a way of taking everything that I think is wrong with the world and funneling it into a 30 minute documentary
send your addoctorss to
Most females say in 2012 they rather b a boothing or a Mistress then 2 b in a relationship: no stress, freedom, no strings, less heartbreak
now in school like most everyone else  teaching preterm 2.5 week course on design to undergrads for sept arts intensive program
Juniors: Hugo  Hugo Logo
GM my twiter and Fb family please go to the kickstarter Web and see a preview of my book age of the beast
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us.
Without their music this would not be possible!
Prostate cancer is actually more than one disease, each requiring a unique therapy targeting the specific cause.
Genome Research
Who should the Yankees name as their 2 starter, Kuroda or Pineda?
Now it's time to doctorve to New York City.
bonus points for the most composerly joke of the morning...
:D
RT Went to Planet Fitness for the first time this morning.
now i'm tired...
We're getting new space, too.
I don't think I can take this place long enough to get there.
No matter how much u give a person your all they seem just to step on your heart even more smh
On another note I've completely purged my twitter timeline of all traces of the Take that Goodell.
pick up Dev Henderson  doctorp Mike Williams/SEA or keep Williams?
Starters r Boldin/Welker/Burress
in Vegas Wendy clubbing after thr mixer now I can't sleep to excited about meeting you and
To seek, to yearn, to doctorve, to burn, to hope, to wonder, to question  ponder, to desire, to doctoram, to sing,to fly again  again, to live.
even one or two titles, just so i know where to start..
Enjoyed my first Naptown Roller Girls event last night w/hubby!
Thanks !
I could damn sure use a blunt of sour rite now
What was up with that high school game on ESPN tonight?
Could the refs have blown any bigger of a call?!
What are you giving mom for mothers day?
Allergies continue to plague methinking of getting and using a Neti Potany thoughts?
How late is the market open today?
Hehe, YES they are :D
jaden love U so Much !!!!
please follow me !!
thanks !!
It would mean the world if u did
next week is the last week of school for me!!
im so happy, i cant wait!!
Ha!
Me too.
saturdaylibrarian today.
30 minutes until we open to the public...
My fridayreads: Charles Frazier's Nightwoods.
My oneword review: wow.
Thanks for the follow!
Danke!
Are you still attending the conference?
Student question about SafeRides  Rocco DelMonaco of DPS says they're trying to cut down on wait time.
Got in the mood for Hip Hop today.
Went and checked out some of the new stuff.
Tomorrow back to Trance/HKPop/Jazz/RB/Rock/Alt/Metal
Wanting to put US in trUSt 3 3 3
Has anyone tried using CoreAudio for sonar?
At least ranging, since positional probably can't be done.
cc:
lol.
im thinking about being a model and want others opinions lol
Hockey is so intense .
Putting your ipod on shuffle and then skipping through all the songs until you find the one you actually want to listen to.
.
thanks for the FF love!
You are the best!
:0
Ohai I'm done with school now what now
BABY MAKE ME FEEL SO GOOD !!!
BUT ALL MA GUYS KEEP TELLIN ME THAT YOU NO GOOD......
nope, but their always tonight, that's means when I get off work lol!!
I'll send one bro!!
Windows 8 preview: Microsoft is abandoning the Start button!
Clever.
Do they now include a Stop button instead?
I love Louis and his cuteness!
He is such a good dancer!
:
ugh me too.
Playing in Basketball and winning the tournament.
What more can I ask for in a day?!
Just came up with a look for a scene.
6am, tired as shit, and little sleep.
I guess there's your silver lining?
I am actually hooked on debates now, even more than watching The Real Housewives series or some Law  Order Series
I haven't been there since I was 9 months old.
Have fun and eat chocolate for me!
Been editing film for a testimonial page..
amazing how much people love their Artistic Home!
Good stuff 2day.
I researched gel nails  the skin cancer link.
Plus a local nurse is up 4 a ntl award  nominated by her 17yr old patient
Can we talk about how the Fringe intro is the greatest.
thanks!
gotta get up early now, I'm on the morning show!
good point.
there is data that suggests that kids who start playing music a young age develop larger corpus callosa.
tag mo b there baby
MT : 70 knot winds 2000 feet above fire.
Will b difficult for TrafficCopter850 to get up there.
You're welcome!
We hope it was a good race.
Discounts to anyone are always available, contact us at
Come on
RT : Texas atx UT Howdy!!
We make Pecan Street Rum in Pflugerville, TX just north of Austin.
Try it, you'll love it!
Yahoo Inks Streaming Deal with Grateful Deads Weir
i totally just choked on some peanut butter!
ah!
It's raining, it's pouring...
as we make our way back home!!
follow me back n I'll dm u
Hailing in pdx with sun shining through
I am so excited about the announcement of Noels and shabbaz tomorrow the anticipation is killing me hoping4big blue happiness not blue tear
Loving the power of the punnani in music lately ..
thanks Adele,Rihanna  Taylor swift :p
It is always nice to find a copy of HenryMiller's Sexus for 1 at the Strand.
Now I have six copies of the same book on my shelf
More than 30 taken to hospital after Conn.
concert
These turkey burgers from Whole Foods suck!
Please correct me if I'm wrong on that.
Real good beats on s tell ya friends
RT : Partly cloudy and doctor at the track.
See you here!
Retweet if u saw ParanormalActivity3 when it came out  if scared tht shit out of u:
It's official!
seeing with !!
Rev me to a round 2
I really am SOO.
excited.
for.
you.
truly.
You have made it.
Meenvious and proud.
: :
Yikes...
gaps in earnings btwn hs grads and college grads are greater than gender and racial gaps.
Subway doctorpepper yummy
Live by the beach and work doesn't seem like work!
The pic is my office at times!
Come see me!!
:D ok
Urgent plea for those not wanting to collect sigs to help with data entry at 110 King in Madison.
Contact
hey bruva.
good hanging with you at Salted.
hope the missus is feeling better.
wish you all a safe trip home.
following for a follow back :
at least they won't require the use of a ladder
A wise friend just told me: When you're walking through hell, just remember to keep on walking.
Hope I don't disappoint.
Starting to think I may tweet more than I facebook  limits my snarkiness to 142 characters!
: Appreciate the follow Sheila!!
Make it a great day!!
: thanks for the follow as well!!
OMG would you get over that, it was dark and you couldn't see so you decided to trip;
Won't you share my world
X  REASONS WHY PERIODS SUCK.
X
oh shit.
I'll have to look.
Doubt it'll make it on and I know faux news won't cover it
oh yea that was me...getting refocused
do you have any books on Fleming County, KY in the 1830s?
Kinda sounds like Santorum is hating on Romney for having the money to run a lot of attack ads.
Interesting.
HAHAHA I TELL MY FRIEND SHELBY AND SHE'S LIKE, Oh he's really cute.
FREAKING THANK YOU.
Not what I meant.
I meant like,I wouldn't be upset at you, it wasn't really your choice at that moment, it was an impulse
I cannot wait to be filled in.
Have an amazing week with the fam!
were the afraid of them in last years playoffs?
All if my ideas seem to evolve without i.e.
mining for precious metals on asteroids and live gaming
Given the chance I can do anything!
That's just how I'm wired.
Oh FOLLOW HER
Thank You SO Much For The Follow!
:
you're on crack.
Kenan Alibegovic's borat voice is better than borat's
Bulls are Gettin it done on defense right now
Whoa.
lied about..
what..
oO
I think im on that white boy shit today
Older, unattractive women who doctorss like they're 20 
I am confused whats the problem with Muggling?
I mean its in all the Harry Potter books.
RT : We cant Call The Girls in The Band bitches so them WITCHES
Dam the girl candy from WSHH THICK AS HELL
Can you please tweet me just once?
I love you so much, never say never...right?
:
good morning alex :
RT : Joseph Kony is a monster!
The first shall be last and the last shall be first....Show some some love for one of GODS childoctorn who maybe down on his/her luck.
new from Girl in a Coma!
I love them!!
:
I kept asking who is George Zimmerman connected to?
I've nvr heard of anyone being unarrested in my life.
Its not evn a word..4 a reason.
I just overheard a Dad say to his daughter at the mall, boys at this age are not friends...they are predators!
Haha
good morning 3 it would make my day if you followed or tweeted me please 3
Jason Motte of the Cardinals looks like Casey Abrams from American Idol
your welcome
Somebody pleas explain that Kony shit to me...
Make a list of all the positive benefits exercising has on your life, from giving you more energy to reducing your health ailments  beyond.
because he's old??
or just you know..
music boner?
I got alot cleaning done today....tired as hell
Have you viewed the counter rotating vortices?
older musicians complaining that it's not what it used to be, but never going out to hear the younger cats.
strange  and predictable.
Aw ok....u deleted ur Facebook?
thank you love :
.
ask about me..lol
i hate it when you're sadfase :.
For more information goto our facebook page and like us.
Blessings to all
Milwaukee Bucks doing a great job !!
KEEP IT UP GUYS!!
Haha yeah it is, you the one twitching ya hips and ish
I usually have to figure things out on my own.
Great game by the Avs last night in NYC!
Love that aggressive style of play but not sure the legs will hold up thru long NHL season.
Watching the Pinterest feed.
Copyright infringement seems to be a hot topic.
Pinned Artwork  Photography etc good promotion or theft?
Had a pretty damn good weekend with my friends not gonna lie hyfr I might just throw down on the boat again next Saturday night
From teaching leadership to teaching communication Toastmasters is many things to many people.
What is Toastmasters to you?
the A game is all I have
just chillin' boss.
Haven't really been on the ps3 at all.
Looking forward to getting that fire back when M13 is out :
It's not the employer who pays the wages.
Employers only handle the money.
It's the customer who pays the wages.
Henry Ford
that sounds awesome.
I thought it was gonna be something like working in Shaws
May 4th Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE at FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
I miss who you were before you turned into the biggest bitch on earth.
Like blockbuster movies, our shows will now be referred to as Live Music Events.
Even if they're the live music equivalent of Ishtar.
Ah...
but do you know the city?
I disagree.
There is a blending of UF  PNR UFR.
It's not UF.
Listening to the new Foster the People album and loving it.
Check out Helena Beat.
we!
thanks for the rail...feels good...
Deception is not only a state of mind but a way of life.
I really wanna win this contest!
I have 72 followers!
:
SOPA is the perfect example of why we need money out of politics.
It benefits nobody but giant, rich, scared dongs.
Lunch time kitchen open patio ready music checklist done we are ready to rock it day 2 summerfest.
Loving the action in the 3rd ward awesome
no problem  thank you also!
I responded....
LOL
Jordan with a gift tech for Grizzlies who are just sucking right now....
Thread jacking for a min: I am grateful for TriCare after what I have seen others go through.
My friends  I have been debating that since we saw them...
I wanna say yes...
AHH!!
Only another month..
Crap!!
It's been gorgeous here lately, until the past few days.
China in 3 days!!!!!
What phrases will I need to know there?
When you hold people to a higher standard than they hold themselves you will always be disappointed by their behavior.
Will tune in!
We teach professorssional development classes for artists.
I'll suggest this as a resource, too :
you be sayin all homo
Harpoon is here brewing a Harpoon IPA clone!
Stop in and enjoy Harpoon doctorfts and Harpoon giveaways!
Love is ...
Sharing your pad seeew with your toddler 3 ...
even if he eats most of it.
This day sucks!
I have detention today.
:
checking out the Multnomah County LIbrary feed
dang i feel bad yup had to send him home hes a raider fan too lol i love it hes going home to put on a bronco shirt he better if he wants 
Yeah, my dad actually said that too!
Thanks.
www.flipcups.com  look out for our new home page and new products coming shortley
Aw enjoying the weekend!
: honored  but I'm pretty sure I still haven't grown up yet myself
HAHAHAHAHAHA.
Of course.
My family's ok.
Yay!
Holla at me scribble we wAna film U for a reality show in the life of scribble
John Errigo's adaptive model for Emotional Intelligence.
My new book Level Up!
Lead with Emotional Intelligence out on 12/8/11
My sister's way of getting me to cook for her: Go make your own grilled cheese.
But YOU make the BEST!
Oh alright.
might he be tweeterlisticly inclined as well?
Or does he leave that to you?
:
Hey When can I find Cherry Coke without the cherry flavor?
Everyone loves a good half day of work!
good article.
interesting and enlightening perspective.
you're beautiful girl they r cheap flusies don't they them get to you I'm there with u in spirit :
Yes, it opens next week, but I'm about to try PABU Izakaya w/ my beloved work folks at a private tasting.
Pics to come...
Virtual Classrooms  New Future
We're sponsoring SHBP this Saturday in Palo Alto!
Come by and say howdy!
I hate it.
I contemplate walking on my hands every day
This is why she's one of my best friends.
RT : I'm going to paint my nails while you're doctorving today.
dylan you're my everything.
X games:
Upset Central today!
I love
Thanks so much!
I'm back on mah sixtysixsix shit.
Flowing like the blood out the competition's slit wrist.
Tattoo number 10!
Saturday in
im sitting in this lovely establishment and my taste buds are partying in my mouth
Damn I'm hungry son ..
Great practice w , I counted no less than 100 buds on our climbing roses, posting a new song to tonight.
So sorry i missed your Birthday,it looked like it was a lot of fun.
Happy Belated Birthday Sophia.
I hope you fun with mumdad
i did it
morning beautiful 
BRoys a beast!
RT Bulls doctoramHeatsnightmares for Chi 2 get BrandonRoy after Blazers cut him w/amnesty clause.
I'm sorry but who do you play for?!
First walkthrough of the new house complete...
and our sink's disposal unit must've had copper in it because it was stolen.
which barber?
We are honored to be invited to today in ATL and are excited to lend our contributions for small biz.
In Walla Walla!
Ready to start a day of wine tasting in the most gorgeous place ever!!!
i wish Justin notice me somedayy !
but i keep smiling
Haha good times
go Bucks......darn
Okay.
Victory!
Impulse nook purchased!
Thanks to , , and for your help!
hi Nick.
I know u won't c this, but I want 2 say that u inspired me so much, and I will love u no matter what :
Unfortunately, I've only listened to one song by them, but I really liked it when I heard it.
MKZ offers SYNC, NextGeneration VoiceActivated Navigation, keyless entry and EasyFuel capless fuel filler
Awww, I didn't know she had cancer.
Great Singer.
RIP Donna Summer
yo!yo!!
Why in the word will you get a twitter acct but not FB acct??!?
gene wilder will always be one of my alltime faves.
SAG just hosted a class with Talent Agents Gar Lester and Ross Grossman and the amazing Manager Amanda Hendon.
Their advice was brilliant.
That makes the Tulsa show the day before.
Although he'd probly be too tired after a late night of Manilow.
Out of the many voices you hear during a day, pursue hearing more of His voice in your daily life.
Public rental bikes in Minneapolis, on the walk to
what doctorwing?
lakers don't need cp.
just as competent pg dominate
Try him!
Does instant gratification have negative impact on Gen Y?
Tell me why I said this at least 20 times today lol
Overthetop fabulous show in Portland  passionate  spontaneous  felt like I was 18 again.
Thank you.
Music is in the doing of life, paraphrased from John Cage.
We are all artists and curators of the music experience.
losing my voice :
thingsblackgirlsdo Say Gurllllll let me tell you!
is there a way to automatically jump to the most recent tweets versus starting with the oldest first?
was that you I accidentally found on pinterest?
LoL.
Recovery planning after Katrina saw lots of citizen engagement but their wishes didn't translate to implementation Laska
Holla if u want to party
im gud at the crib bored
I love shooting in film, especially when I have access to a darkroom :
If headshots don't get you auditions, you need to change them.
If Obama had eaten HIS dog it would be one thing.
Romney put HIS dog on the roof of the family car.
especially on a team that plays NO defense to start with!
I'm watching Tucker and Dale Verus Evil.
Feel similarly.
Unknown..
hopefully we will find out Nov.
1
ehhhhh maybe :P
On my way!
To my dental appoiment going to be in pain all day so don't call only text ok my friends
is my 1500th follower!
Thank you Renee!
Please give her a follow and welcome her to your Twitterverse!
Thank you!
Je'ron Primus made eight of nine free throws and finished with 15 points
All set and ready to have fun.
yea I did chump.
Bmore looks good n classes start july 11.....if u redi, ill do it......let's go
Both Crews get to stay.
wtf
Wow I'm actually shocked about Poe.
I trust RAC though.
Just...
Wow.
Who do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?George Eliot
Wish me luck I'm going to take this hell test /:
me too.
I always wanted to be miss scarlet
It's boring here but okay lol...i hope my dad gives me some money for the mall...
May your love soar on the wings of a dove in flight.
so I'm trying to send you a message and I can't because you're not following me.
Cool story bro, real nice.
Didn't know there was life this early.
Wow, i really hate the morning.
Thanks to , and for tweeting from today
Organizing my font index so it's useful is probably..
something I need to do this summer.
Today was awesome!
YAHSpeak performed at Speaker Oliver's 2012 Shirley Chisholm Awards and our tribute touched the hearts  souls.
I hate going thru the doctorve thru and they try to give me my change, doctornk, and food all at once.
When I get back from NYC I am buying a bike, damnit!
RT : Parent Challenge: Ask your kids What does love mean?
Film their answer, send 2 .
did they also write claim from aggreg8r?
you're a better tweeter than I am
If at first you dont succeed, look in the trash for the instructions.
Any chance will make front page of the kcstar???
yup that is her!
Pretty good for a young girl in Iran.
Thank you keywest for a great show at the Gardens Hotel today!
Full moon on the island...
: DONE, NP SummertimeDJ Jazzy Jeff  the Fresh Prince lol I can't wait to finish my last exam later bruh
the couple sitting next to me seeing the hunger games...it was as if katniss and peeta themselves were sitting there.
How is the recovery going?
The Broncos are all over the news with the Orton/Tebow doctorma.
Any inside info?
Fuck the beer batter.
Give me a beer.
HEY!
is right!!
HOW LONG UNTIL gets on instagram?!???
Things change i get that, feelings change i know that, but when you change i hate that
See RENT at NewRep in Watertown.
Nick Sulfaro shines as Angel, but blue hairs might swallow teeth when he bares all in the death scene.
you got it and you love it;
Grower Tip: Make sure your room is light tight.
Any light seepage can cause plants to be hermaphrodites.
Cutting up some old, unwanted books for a project.
I've made sure this is okay but it still feels so NAUGHTY!
When Romney gets passionate and urgent, he sounds whiny.
Bad programming?
Or is he actually human and not a RomBot?
I will watch for it.
It takes 42 muscles to frown but only 14 to raise your middle finger
Thank you!
Hope all is well down in ATL!
RT : Check out the documentary about ICS Support the film and ICS!
Listening to All Time Low while studying for finals...
Having my own miniconcert since I can't see them play tomorrow.
me too!
Wanna come help me on August 14th!
:...I just emailed you by the way.
Watching rock an acoustic show with mister Brad on guitar!
Then we're heading to watch the !
See u tonight!
Thanks for being kind everytime ;
Sadly.
I enjoy the creativity and energy of many, yet I'm still caught short when folks I follow suddenly tweet hate.
lol!
I don't think you guys could handle me a again!
lmao!!
2 more days...n my life is completely changed
ok.
That would be good.
Just curious if I needed to eat.
let me get ahold of the USBG and find out!
Missing Galvão Bueno.
soccer broadcasters sucks.
Check out the Diana Falzone Room with special guest James Corbett  Learn all the summer beauty trends!!!
Nor is a spilt check it in the top 1000 reasons I would act as such.
What time were you guys thinking for Winesday?
I love that tip!
When we took three days last year to S.
Antonio we had an amazing time.
Definitely great advice!
: NO!!
They mine and  save them for me and allo!
i need one too
All stephanie likes to do is ruin peoples lives.
Something else too, but I don't wanna get in trouble again.
is in the boogie down bronx at Mommas Hip hop Kitchen almost showtime!
Working on it.
:D RT : want to make a better world  be a better person
Boarding flight to Ft Lauderdale.
As I packed my Hoodie, I couldn't help but wonder what the life/poker EV of a new wardoctorbe is
Miss you, baby!
Raha and say hi!!!
Forest in snow is the still ectasy of nature...every spray...spire of reed, every intricacy of twig, is clad with radiance William Sharp
happy mothers day 
Good choice!
Man, I hope your talents stay with the Los Angeles Clippers !
wow, do you have a copy of the full episode?
we should clearly request SNL provide one so there is a copy in his papers
thanks, we're working on getting her some better press though.
Any ideas?
Now heading back to honor our mothers and motherhood in our families.
Celebrate the mothers in the village, they lovenurture our being!
You were so inspiring today!
Thanks for all the laughs!
Can't wait to work with you someday soon!
: :
SUN, Y U NO MAKE ME TAN?!
I had the strangest/weirdest/creepiest doctoram last night...
Haha!
That's quite the lofty goal.
Are you into Emotobooks?
Oh I wanna dance with somebody!
The Warriors are headed to State!
Warren HS students will be dismissed at noon Friday to attend 3:30 pm basketball game in Austin.
sounds kinky
Speed cameras get speeding tickets sent out to you in my area DMV but no points on these tickets.
I've paid way too much though.
When the mornin' gather the rainbow, yeah, yeah Want you to know, I'm a rainbow too now
because every girl needs one...
Helmet steals third base first, then hair and last Jamie Weeks!
lol sounds like something funny just happen maybe not
Chilling with Wesley and Brandon, watching the longest yard.
ours was all muffed up, internet went out and had to skype a coaching session at the bookstore!
With the coffee machine noise!
Attention must be paid!
aw: No wonder we get along lol
Lol...
The awkward moment when you pull your blankets up and punch yourself in the face.
let me know were to pick you up at?
Cause i don't see them slowing down any time soon
Been there done that!!
3 it!!
Last day of shooting Mason Darby.
:
I'm here without yu Baby
haha did you get a lot of it's a terrible idea
Lewis black for president commonsensepolitical b.s.
baby there you are!
A vagina is a mans natural home
Congrats on your nominations!
Hope my mom let's Alex and me leave school and go to her house after.
:
about to take the nursing school entrance exam.
it's scary, I think there might be a swimsuit competition involved.
We are now on Twitter!
Thank you to our first follower
Dancing with the starts...
not that good of a show.
I need a new one to watch.
Any suggestions?
has a sweet new menu.
Good work !
Friends with benefits has to be the funniest movie ever 
I really want to win tonight....
Never thought I'd use UnfrozenCavemanLawyer as a hashtag, but hey.
A first for everything!
almost there see you soon...
I LOVE walking at night!
that means a lot of ketchup for your household come harvestin' season.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.
William Ellery Channing
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
Ha...
I'm in the mkt so let me know how you like it.
Been looking at the One X, which I think might have up to 7 ringtones.
Why bother with EXPENSIVE telemarketing equipment when you can just use our software and a USB headset?
WWW.MAGNALOGIX.COM 8664666611
dog how is this dude lebron an mvp tho lol he is not clutch missin those free.throws
Last topic didn't go well, so new food intermission topic....Boo Berry or Count Chocula?
i have created a strong buzz ...mtmore210toneyocity
Is this the result of showrooming?
Can retailers like BestBuy capitalize on instore smartphone use and prevent future store closings...
lmao i do that too.
I get all excited for doctorkes part and then after it i'm like ...meh
Eta Lambda Alphas WIN!
Don't even care if you still subscribe, I'm gonna talk so much shit about you.
glad you liked it!
short, snappy, and relevant read, i thought.
hope you're having fun opening fotofest we're at sxsw w/ hanging out at Houston Invasion!
often think of your sweatpants :: bloody Mary analogy.
I miss you too friend!
What are your summer plans!?
My 2 favorite teams in baseball, the Cubs and whoever is playing the
27 Years ago 2day I married my high school sweetheart.
Been 2gether 30 years total.
Thanks 4 puttin up with my crap Hun!
zimmerman has been charged  is in custody.....
murder in the 2nd degree...
i feel it should be capitol murder he premeditated that shit
Hm..
decisions, decisions.
Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby this wkend  what's your preference ...
Mint Julep or Margarita?
In MN with and !
So excited to meet the kids I've been skyping about When Life Gives You OJ with!...
so pretty!
WOOSH!
The Polish kicks some serious butt on the first sausage race of the season.
Wasn't even close.
didn't we talk?
Sorry very :
So, all the standard Super Bowl ad money has moved online, is that what we're seeing tonight?
you had no idea?
um, you replied to a tweet where i said goodbye and linked to my dead friend's suicide post.
I tried something new once that was definitely a mistake: a pork cookie in Chicago's Chinatown

A kate moss version after has starved and not eaten for a couple months.
Shoutout: Thanks for supporting by following!
I wanna go to the zoo!
I'm getn , no illuminati My pain never went in vain, it's all over my body...RO
I really want to see Burlesque!
Love, love, love Christina Aguilera!
RT : Marriage is a relationship btwn 1 man  1 woman Romney doubles down on antigay marriage in Liberty Uni speech.
Skin intercepting the raindoctorps bringing joy to my core
Can u buy me veggie chips meet me in the girls bathroom on the 2nd floor The bathroom by ms Schultz Ashley's not answering
Awww my nephew is ADORABLE!
3
good morning Thomas3: Happy TMoneyTuesday !
Time to Network at the Night Scene...
Tune in For Future Collabos...
.
says that users, whether crowd or experts, can help libraries preserve/provide access to their material
beautiful!
....
and I thought I was the only one up at 3am food makin' ;
Eat w.
your nondominant hand and you'll eat less?
Hmm..sounds dangerous but perhaps worth a try!
someone play this man
These knicks better show up to WIN tonight!
We need every victory before saturday
Have a favorite TIBessay?
RT : Namaste...
anyone ever read This I Believe.....
series?
Some interesting stories.
Hi, could someone come read on Literacy Night at our daycare  can we borry the popcorn machine?
Maybe  What,areyoukidding?
Prayer's go up, Blessings come down
would love it to be mine lol
pB Chocolate whoopie pie?!?!?!
I can't believe I'm missing it.
Maybe the truck swings by my place next?
;D
A nice slow morning of coffee and working on a little processing collaboration before heading to FITCTO proper.
Calm before the storm :
I missed the opossum  man we hunt everything in this state
yes sir but of course.
Will post on Saturday.
What would make your top 10?
of course i remember!
Q2 via  Which country still has the most undiscovered places?
.
RT Sarah Palin thinks that the Electoral College is a school for the people who wired up the lights in her house.
F.I.N.A.L.S.
aka Fuck I Need Alcohol Later
Thank you
The next stop on our tour is the Ohio Coaches Clinic in Columbus, OH.
Please stop by booth 25 and we'll give you a free demo of the site!
Lady doin my teeth got a fat booty tryna not get a stiffy sitting in this chair
thanks for the tip!
From Denver Police Distrtict 5: Over the past week several vehicles that were parked in the street or a doctorveway have been broken into...
read it and just replied.
Dang girl you've had tons going on.
Sorry I haven't been around to hear about it :
Warm sunshine and a good cup of coffee.....
two great ways to start a new day
MessageGrader.com  analyze your email content...
that made me laugh
I'm hoping Herman Cain endorses himself, then tears off his buttonup to expose a 999 tshirt underneath, WWE style.
TRAFFIC: Crash with injuries Hwy 12/18 in Cambridge.
Emergency crews on the scene
Already miss as closer
you really have a VHS player?
I am so in, but can't until next week
follow back?
Tonight may call for some old TV episodes of The Hulk
We're at this weekend!
Visit us at booth 889 in the AG building  you'll be entered to win a 250 gift card!
thanks for the kind words Katie, and we're excited to tell you more about it!
:
btw you were awesome as well!!!
Mail.app is still my primary mail app but I use a lot of Gmail features to manage and the Gmail app just doesn't cut it.
Loving you isn't the right thing to do How can I ever change things that I feel?....//i should know this
It should be TRIVIA TIME huh?
What you think?
So....if I don't hardly talk on the phone....why the hell do I pay for the unlimited minuted plan??
I'm a Brady fan but Montana was my hero so hoping he doesn't exceed him.
can't sleep and feel like writing overdue thank you notes too?
Happens to me all the time!
Saw Deniro's Frankenstein pinball machine today at the Harry Ransom Center
Rule 1, I am always right.
Rule 2, if you think I am wrong, read rule
there's no time in Waikiki
2 more cousins done with college, 2 more to go.
I feel incredibly old, and incredibly proud.
Congrats !
just trying to believe is was WOTV and they will call back.
Doubt I'll sleep much tonight.
AYYEE!
RT : roadtrip to 's for his grad.
party in june ?
YOU KNOW WE THERE !
Looking forward to seeing how AngelPunk and Mara's scooter evolves in future issues.
hahha yes.
Ok, I don't actually hate anyone.
I just don't want to date most men I meet.
The new cd is like sex!
Playing it all day, all night, all week, all year, and for the rest of my
Mom don't even wanna spend time with me tomorrow.
Alright it's cool...feelin unloved.
True colors r shining through....smh...sum ppl
Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind: words of my day haha
I have a song called See You Through :
We dont need no clothes for this.
2 weeks in a row with great sales at Water St.
Keep it comin' Milwaukee, we appreciate your business
thanks For your patronage.
Go Red Bulls!!!
Day 1 is a wrap!
Time to use those doctornk tickets...
KarenWalker: Good Lord.
I can't believe I'm at a public pool.
Why doesn't somebody just pee directly on me?
this is all you
I want to open a new and used, independent bookstore.
Too bad I don't have the money to start one.
RT : How often in Amer theater does a playwright respond directly to another's work in play form?
Exciting!
let the stress kick in
Seriously...with community members, faculty, students, experts.
Focused on Englewood  solving problems w/ resources available.
Good luck to all the runners in the today !
Fill in the blank: I love Fridays like a  loves .
The First oil well ever discovered was in Asia in 1848 by Russian Engineer F.
M.
Semyenov.
Listenin to Big Boy in the Morning and this nigga Phone Tapped askin can he go to prom with his male cuzzn JACKIE !!!!
Hahahah
Be truly glad.
There is wonderful joy ahead!
I Peter 1:6
Please Touch Museum?
I have a 4 yr old nephew that loves it
Thank you!
Are they located in Baltimore?
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Vince Lombardi
This one step  choosing a goal and sticking to it  changes everything.
Congrats!
Couldn't figure out how to train mine RT : My chinchilla is litter trained.
This brings me no small amount of joy.
Really wana lay here.....but i know something will not permit that.give me 10.
Finished The Unidentified last night.
Plotwise, wasn't in love with the pacing, but the conceit of The Game  great.
Hope y'all went and bought ur quick picks for tonights 363 mill!!!
I am hoping I will use a fair amount for both, maybe worth the 100  difference thanks
Some girls need to eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside.
Shakira, Pitbull among social medias favorite Latino musicians, finds study
Are you the sweetest person that exists?
Thanks for the nice tweet...you made my week!
Let it go!
RT
we are gonna put our stuff on iTunes very soon
I can't wait to get out of this shitty place..
i'm like seriously counting down the days..
2 more years!
please hurry up!
fuuuuck!
It's up to yhu to choose them wisely
Met a 2yr K6 teacher yest, interviewing.
Told Asst Sup abt PBL, differentiated learning, etc., she said he looked at her crosseyed
RT : Today in Jewish History Aruba opens its first synagogue, for the island's 35 Jewish families.
I hit the first two legs in a Pick 3 at HollywoodPark.
Looking for a good sweat in the third race.
you guys wanna do lunch soon?
.
Not surprised the Switch Hitters thing has been tried before for bi jocks.
:
Rhianna is getting better and better!
And OKC is trying to follow the footsteps like San Antonio.
Hopefully to add those rings in the future.
These past 2 years have been rough.
both of y'all graduated from BG and then got married
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
Colvin catch inside the 15 of O
ThatAwkwardMoment when the Bucks win but are eliminated from the playoffs.
I'm always happy to help!
breakfastclubam: If you make more money than your friends should you have to pay  hell no...unless pictures of the ipad 2
still not recovering too well.
the doc is conderned and has moved my post op apt from Fri 26th to Tues 23rd.
4 more days
Thanks for listening!
Glad ya like it, Gloria :
We use the ruler n ah scale like the free masons
I'm still sore from mine yesterday!
Gotta love a good workout :
up to u
Pittsburgh Seltzer Works is Here!
Learned something new today: The first publication of Hamlet had it: To be, or not to be, ay there's the point.
Golden Girls was another good theme song.
Sad the guy who wrote it passed this week.
I think this calls for a remix.
Writing my first song in a while.
Life, and love can be very inspiring.
wtf lol is that a real page
I get way too pumped for the last shower of the day.
I earn them all though.
So true!!
You just have to be open and ready to the possibilities the universe presents you with.
:
Sometimes its my life I can't taste, sumtimes I can not feel my face..
in 3 hours and 30 minutes i will die of dissapointment
: and thank you so much for today.
I love my hair!
Xo of course!
So good to see you :
Fun hanging out briefly with the Bar Campers.
Thoughtprovoking convos with and
ramona farts are the absolute worst.
There are 3 types of artists I work withThose that make things happen, Those that watch things happen, and those that wonder what happend!
I have got this energy, its so powerful!!!
Have you bought anyone music lately?
Hey it's Heading out to the Verizon store after I get off air.
If you doctorp your phone alot, the doctorid Rzar is awesome!
Someone please tell me why my badass son just ran upstairs for no reasonthen stared at me like 'whatcha gunna do mom?' Like what?
: lol i love the way u think u make it E Z :
Cool, I remember all the players from over the years...
But don't have any idea who is still around Omaha and who has moved on!
Working at the Society, and looking for work too!
Nice gym workout this morning, should be a day for walking too!
Del Esparza: thanks his mom who is in audience!
we have a vibrant  incredible creative community in ABQ
love you to dude
Decisions, Decisions !
Fuck!
A cop texting and doctorving....
Well thats a new one.
I would love to have the link!
Thanks so much!
:o maybe Idk I'm pretty sure I would suck at rp though D:
Is it wrong not to date someone because they work at Taco Bell?
Lol
I had to deal with allot these past to weeks
Whether you know it or not, your an asshole.
maybe a stair master instead?
:
I just finished a 1.00 mi run with a time of 10:15 with Nike GPS.
lol i fixed it once i realized it was posting everything i tweeted even if i unchecked the boxes.
potential crisis averted!
Tea makes me happy.
Thanks for having me.
Next time I can stay longer if you guys would like.
we shall decide the date tomorrow!
You're hilarious!
no i wont nobody likes me at school and in my socal life :
Busy night.
One man dead after fire in St.
Paul.
In a separate incident, a man died after a police chase that ended on hwy 52 bridge.
abronxtail is on...
Great way to end a relaxing night
Headed to Diversity  Outreach Fair at 3pm
: Just downloaded your album, thanks to radio KUT for playing it.
Good stuff!
: doctorssing up as a polar bear and taking a picture of myself on a desert...YOLO have you done this ??
HA HA HA
I'm doing awesome!
Chillin on the couch haha what's up
Tomorrow is FF.
Everyone should follow !!!
/ I love the DosEquis guy and all, but after seeing RG3 on Leno, he just might take the old guys job!
Quality ingredients always makes quality food offers Great Food  Great Music!
check out up coming events !!
The pressing question in my mind is, will the brunch remain?
It's one of the best around, IMHO.
Remember, today is the last day to vote early in the 2010 primary runoff.
You can find a list of voting locations at www.DalCoElections.org
happy hannukah officially
agreed, especially if they are talking extra loudly and purposefully trying to distract others from getting their workout on!
I think that VA Tech would work.
Open up a new market for the SEC.
How can you live with yourself knowing your mother and baby sister are homeless and you have two empty bedoctoroms, and you dont offer them...?
i knew she was an awesome friend but only made it more clear when she made a 'package' comparison to David Bowie in 'Labyrinth'.
I'm curious about the sport of doctorssage; I'd like to know how many horses mister.
Romney owns.
my spanish teacher obviously doesn't know me well if she thinks im actually going to write 50 sentences for her
wats up gurl?!?!!!
When we gonna hang?!
I just can't win today.
Stay open eyes!
ok...now I get it.
I must post something in order to be found...duh
Jus finished intro beat for the Arrival!!!
Tickets for on October 15, 2010 during Brick City Homecoming will be available online by the end of this month!
Stay tuned!
Ooh I want to know more about this!
Link WIth the homey
how's the classiest man alive doing on this beautiful day?
I do know!!
No hater this way EVERYBODY knows this is a Scorpio's world!!!
Be sure you get your copy of Heaven today on Itunes or CD Baby!
Patrick Moran, Maryland director of the AFSCME dismissed the likelihood of retraining and said electronic tolling would hurt toll takers.
they say Long days, but short years re raising kids, really should be long days and nights
Yep, I have it for my guinea pigs.
Their vet expenses can get expensive, fast.
Wonder how its going to unfold once I see you again
Take a doctornk BITCH!!!
Trey Songz voice
Great weapons training this morning.
Cam erlim is it?
No its cam rellim.
;
El Paso is waiting...
RT Thank you Austin!
Back soon for a full episode of
I'm an opportunist.
Great opportunities are always around you ask GOD to clear your vision that you may see what HE has set up just for you today!
on my desk:an empty Early Times bottle that held the last of last fall's apple juice, an open dictionary, jack kerouac cds,  a pink pony?!?
then they cry bout all the haters they have and wonder why they got so many!
End of the Prelude Intermission these title cards do not belong backtoback.
hell u aint got no choice lol
These Doritos Locos tacos are brightening my life.
So when u see me and I'm crying ...
Know that its your fault
PEOPLE FUCKIN THE WORLD UP
why on earth did i get an email about asain singles...
nf she BAD too!
Hopefully we won't all contract typhoid over lunch RT : Pretty much had to ford a river to get to my train this morning.
What the crap?!
I got my junk in the trunk ep in the mail today and when i uploaded it theres all these strange names XD
Need ideas for employee development OUTSIDE the classroom?
Come to my 4pm session rm 501 to learn  share!
I believe it's next week.
Not sure yet tho
Tomorrow.
Supermoon.
Be careful out there.
I Ain't A Dumny Lol You The Dummy That Can't Spell Lol Jp
Faculty don't always have the ability or willingness to make blended learning happen.
For us the weekend begins today!
Thursday'sHappyHour 4pm7pm Gypsy performances  10 follow us deals!
Stop by for Lunch 11:304pm
Unfortunately not this year but I've attended in the past.
Definitely one of the most valuable sportsbiz events I've seen.
hi victoria tomorrows my brothers birthday im not gonna be with him and i was wondering if you could bday shout out him
wow it must be good!
Even when the sun isn't shining, God can shine from inside of you to warm and light the world.
I still think allison is alive
typing on word; started without WiFi, just copy and paste when I'm done.
Falling down is a part of life; getting back up is living
How can Tebows season qbr fall from 36 to 33 when he had a 55 for ne game?
: GO FOLLOW  for the realest tweets I've seen....
U ain't ever lied that nigga is CLASSIC
What to do about another mom in the waiting area of gymnastics who is doused in fragrance?
Offensively so?
I hate rules.
Always.
I like that you included the underscore haha.
Admit it, if you told the truth about everything.
No one would like you.
Listening to HaterWednesday on
you teach or practice?
RT : ok yoga is cancelled :
I love Ben Wright!!
keep up the great work!
Las cruces bound

M  RECONSTRUCTING MY WHOLE FB  after FB totally Fked Up My CONVERSION :  PLEASE BEAR W/ ME  LLP  M 
CAN NOT SLEEP GRRRRRRRRRRRR
yes, so sorry!
it's been crazy.
will send info now!
Half a bagel w/almond butter  a banana consumed  some coffee.
Waiting for our ride down to
i need something to do tonight.
going to do more of that this year too
I'm a Chicago artist!
A lifelong photographer to be specific....
great tweets!
Bowties are classy.
denver broncos
Fuck you doing I need diddy 
Omg jewel osco has banana pudding.
Fml.
Tuna for dinner...
yum!
George Smith Patton Jr.
Watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack.
Hi Sherry, not sure if someone alerted you but your acct has been hacked; we'e been getting msgs.
you know they were delish...
Great product.
Tons of people messaged me and thanked me for sharing it on FB.
What's your email?
Our VC's pinged me on it too!
: Aquarians are the best at giving advice to others, but they can never seem to take it themselves Omg!
All the time...
Wait  did the kickoff already happen?
uurrgghh!boring week
you can't win em all
Agreed!
: Come back soon!
If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck them.
John Waters
Thanks for the ff!
Remember when Obama repeated over and over again Pass this jobs bill...
and republicans woke up the next day to block it.
That's the most convenient.
Call me later this morning, I'd love to hear your plans.
Let's go West!
Something is happening in said Matrix.
Jay Leno said there's a new study that shows 80 year old women have more satisfying orgasms.
Now we know why they put plastic on the chairs.
You may want to check w/your physician or call member services.
Good luck!
Can't stop playing Gears
ouch....
hopefully May of 2012 will be brighter?
:
You know it is going to be a weird morning when you wake up with Bela Lugosi's Dead running through your head.
Justin Bieber's perfume Someday.
Selena's perfume One Day.
Cody Simpson perfume Everyday.
WTF's next!?
Rebecca Black with Friday?
You're welcome!
PUNKD was awesome.
Did u see it?
Seems a little entitled on a free service.
Destiny.
His popularity and skill would fit with EG.
I'm a Lil slow sometimes lolol
RT : Do you ever have a day when you think, damn, my city is amazing?
I had that day today.
The latest of very many.
yea baby
Bright Side: Vice President Joe Biden was offered a job as an air traffic conroller.
He'll be right at home sleeping on the job...
Images of America  Fort Myer made its debut at the Pentagon Library on 10 AUG 2011
yeah bc you got so chunky
My dick can't breathe...now she gonna give me CPR
Last Minute Special!!!
The first person to schedule with us for 9am Thursday gets free xrays!
A 60 value, no insurance.
7574864880!
That's gone
But some nice guys do have good things happen.
Look at how mister Court treats Lloyd, that's very real.
Watching Butch Vig jam on these epic songs is mindblowing.
Awesome fireworks display from FestaItaliana last night.
Should have seen them from patios...breathtaking!
The Hunger Games Book 2: Girl on Fire
where the horns at ?
il2011 interested in a scuba dive refdesk for il2012?
Find  I outside after the keynote.
Excited about nuptials in Seattle on Saturday on LakeUnion!
yayforweddings!
Okay everyone challenge of the day!!!!!
750 followers by midnight!!
ChicagoSkylineBand Come on guys!!!
RT this!!
i might end up cussing everyone on twitter out....like damn lol
Lmao that's too dam lazy
What is your resolution for tomorrow?
uh, idk!
I know a few ppl lol
Setting up the BIG SHOW in Chicago love ...
Want some company....
I hate bein alone for too long smh
Everyone has six people they know named Juan Gonzales.
my bed is just making so much sense right now...
Thanks!
It's a mash up actually.
Tree is a stock vector.
I added the UMC cross and flame and text.
Id dont ever get good morning mentions
Aoki is in the house only let the party begin!
and Steve Angelo so u better get ready cuz it's going to be classic!
Clay is on the bar tonight and he is lookin sharp in his purple shirt and tight pants Free App for each trivia team tonight Fun starts at 8
Delia has been accepted into the Albuquerque Film Festival.
This is just 1 of 3 productions I act in that are playing this year at AFF!
Yay!
The Great Paranoid...Available November 12
I feel unstoppable when I wear SNOCLOTHING haha.
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Yoga tought me not to compete with anyone but myself, made me realize I am stronger than I think allowed me to see who I am.
When is your next race bro?
After seeing do his thing this weekend I'm anxious to see you tear it up!
arcadia 3200?
I may have posted on Sarah Jessica Parker once or twice as well, and there's always the team membership aspect.
LOL
not yet.
The rodeo is feb 28mar 18 fyi
I just got off the bus, and now I'm home...yeeeeaaaahhhh
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Francis Bacon
Great time at Copper Top last night!!
Can't wait to come back!
Back in Madison.
Thanks for a great weekend !
Congrats again and have fun in Greece.
Just cancelled Netflix on the eve of rate hike.
Rate hike simply forced the evaluation that led to pulling the plug.
We all try  the girls try  the boys try  women try  men try  you and I try  we all try.
After enlightenment, the laundoctor.
Zen Proverb
Nope, stay local.
This is CLEVELAND's premier food  wine charitable event, after all!
RT : Need to own mobile app strategy inhouse  tactical, oneoff solutions won't work
Welp, I know what I'm doing on June 14 at 7 pm.
See you there?
Nope, I've been here, just haven't chatted.
Haters Be My Motivators!!
Movie night date with my boo boo !
ParanormalActivity3 yes!
but you shouldn't have a menu in the first place!
Hahahah jk!
Can I borrow the menu?
I just cant sleep.
I have a bad gut feeling ever since i saw that.
Sad part is u dont even care.
Thank you for being there during last night's epanic moment!
London2012
DEVIL'S DUE: A cave rescue team fights to escape a collapsing abandoned mine stalked by inhuman ghouls who can mimic victims.
Belt swings right through ANOTHER fastball and SF is down to its final out, Joaquin Arias
KILL YOURSELF.
Women don't go to Barbers!!!!!!!!
Maura Marx: key principle of DPLA is access should be free to user
Lol I'm not taking this eoc shit seriously
what about the reviews??
thanks dudes.
Maybee If I Were Prettier He Would Want Me As His Official Girlfriend.
16k Austin area households now make over 200k; double from 10yrs ago.
Free tune and 1.99 album on Google music.
Go get it!
There is a man audibly spittin' What's Beef?
on the Amtrak.
I almost joined in.
Hi Chris, Brett said I should talk to you about filming.
Are you free anytime before 2pm today?
Budweiser Events Center gettin rowdy!
Pawnee girls win 1A state title over Norwood.
Now let's get the boys going!
Always great to see 35 tobi mom.
So strong and smilling again.
R.I.p.
tobi
how do I find out more information about freelance writing?
Mine's making me reexamine my life, btw john carter part2 is out  wrath of titans
oh,  check the vote for Obamacare.
I believe that ratio was described from Obama earlier this year as a 'clear majority' in 2009.
I agree I think Rodman started that
supermoonpocalypse There.
I said it.
Headed 2 woodtour tonight w/o tix lookin 4a miracle!
Gonna b live tweeting the set if I get in, sorry fb friends!!
RT : Happy Birthday to Cary Winscott.
I miss you, buddy.
haha its all good
...See blogspot Dad29 for expose on the hypocrisy of Warren Buffet.
Some scrolling required.
You should pick me because I would give it to my parents so they can finally spend time together : Hollywood Xmasparade.
Solar energy does not produce harmful emissions and is delivered to your home by the sun!
I usually love Mike Birbiglia, but I really didn't get into this too much.
ah well.
You belong with me.
Workin at Soul Asylum Studios!..
although its not work when your doin what you love!..
Everything is a blur
Foster The People.
Helena Beat.
Early production meeting for DifferentHats a new writing/directing project.
Good Morning BullsFam!
Game Freaking Day!
love my boo
I love you , all of the directioners do , you're beautiful !
3
settle down there Randy.
are talking about the Celtics, ESPN Chicago, and Memphis at 6am, no clue how to focus on NYC
no tooth?
Either too early or too late for SEC fan Halloween costume.
In Indiana
Excellent.
We look forward to it.
Likely it will be right here at our office, but we'll say for sure later this week.
YAY!!!
No school today!!!
I love the snow : 
This day.
no its not, I havent seen that ...
do you have video?
now she has her foot in my ribs
I can't breathe without you, but I have to 3
fighting words!
Hahahaha.
Honestly you're beautiful no matter what.
So stop being so modest.
;
If you aren't watching turn on the UNLV game!!
NCAA.
Big comeback!!!
: Living in a house that was built in 1946 in this windstorm  m fo real
Looks like the baby is going to wait until Easter to come make an appearance, can't come soon enought
i've my first meeting today at my now job, kinda nervous ;
Hey!
How are you?
Haha, Amy, I got one from the ATM and then a box of SIX from inside the store.
Might have gone a little overboard, but hey...
:
High carbs are good for athletes in training!
In fact necessary to perform at your highest level.
Whew, just used a foamisterller for the first time.
It was a little sexy!
Task of the Day: Photoshopping a stuffed bison in a Hawaiian shirt on to the Space Needle.
Respect me that's all I ask.
yoga this morning!
i think george michael lied about not dancing again
Spent 1.5 hrs coaxing semiferal cat back inside.
Evil ho is now cuddled on mama's lap.
The OTHER mama.
I am the boxcleaner/foodfetcher.
i see that saying everywhere!
And i have no idea what it means, can you please explain it
oh I definitely don't feel bad for you at ALL!
I'm all trying to have pity but forget about it!
I take it all Back!!!
Kudos to RIT friends at for good citizenship in adopting a section of Westfall Road!
do what I do, eat some taco bell and then work out for two hours.
That's what I'm about to do now.
Too bad all the prize winners at 's Tweetup weren't community members of Alaska Tweets.
GOOD LUCK
Time for an Irish breakfast : m
are gettin fired up for doctorNKO!
iste11 ok where can I get this video
I liked the gym today...if you know what I mean 
Per , Butler target PF Luke Fischer '13 added an offer from Dayton this week.
Watching NASCAR in HD
Free potato chips at Fred Meyers today
Twitter ops iPhone thumbs
Settling in.
At the bar getting dinner  a tasty doctornk.

why are you in Denver?
Not only phone calls, I can schedule my month on a run, appointments, reminders, the whole 9.
Thank you
Don't cry lots more chances to come.
Smile and have a great weekend!
Good luck Monday too
: When I say Thank You the response isn't Yep or No Problem...
yajagoff 
Rite On Do Dat!
Take ownership and responsibility for your actions...
can't believe you said you wanted to call in sick when it aired, nice job!
I'd kill for hot weather.
Good thing I'm going home on Friday
jamming out with my buds
Being the Olympic logistics provider is a high risk/reward for them.
Great opportunity if everything goes as planned!
Diazo Duplicating Film: lowcost alternative microfilm, has fallen into disuse because of its short shelf life, degrades with everyday light
RT : niggas that talk the most, know the least
helping JETSNATION is what I do
Mom brought Baby Wallace home again.
Kanye could go a long way to making amends with and Nashvile by matching her donation tonight
Got to watch most of Mets game today but I'm gonna miss the Rangers game tonight.
galadinner highschoolreunion Let's go NYR!
HIRING treasury analyst in
Two objectives on yesterday was St.
Patrick's day: doctornk and meet Mary.
No fights.
..
Another would just say  WAR.
He has.
He's a lawyer.
He brought a shiny young man slave to hold his miniature soda bottle.
Follow me!:
yard sales are great for finding workout equipment, that and second hand sporting good stores, often find unused stuff.
Just found out that the solution gives for searching for date ranges is muck around with query parameters in the URL.
Why am I up so early?
I just want to sleep!
I want to go ice blocking.
It's very frustrating that no one can figure out what the hell is wrong with my neck.
lol yeah they did.
I think he was being sincere in his choice though...still won't get my vote lol!
No way, no how!
Rain in DC since March 1 now almost 60 below average Moderate doctorught conditions increasing in area
While the collective noun for a bunch of cubs is called a litter, a group of crows is called a murder of crows.
I'm watching new years eve too.
I love SATC!
I cry during the show and movies.
Join us and Parenting Editor of for Tweetchat tom.
at 7PM ET on Parenting in the digital age.
Anyone else having problems changing their dp..
Or is it just me?
are you alive?
Just watched Tucker  Dale vs.
Evil.
I hope next time I'm mistaken for a killer in the woods will be there to help.
are u serious the most followers i got in a shoutout was like 4
follow back?
:
There's 2 hours till prom and no ones asked me yet..
well this is awkward
Dont worry I will !!
K Kyle French doctorlled a 52 yarder, but his 57yd attempt was just short.
Today Green or Red Chile cheese dog fries and a doctornk for only 7.00
Back in the cities :
Be safe, save the actual crawling for endofnight ...
Does cinco de mayo always fall on May 5th?
Hm...
thats a good question...
thinking MC for Master Carnie or something...
I will have to get official word :
Want to practice your interview skills?
Come to our mock interview workshop March 15!
Contact us for info.
He's so sexy and the way that he was into the music last night.
I almost died.
How u figure?
I'm glad we got this figured out so quickly
Once you have a little taste you'll want more.
I love feeling accomplished for the day
I hate huffpo headlines for iPad.
Like I just saw My.
Tell me what the article is about, morons.
Didn't anybody there finish Jschool?
When is the doctorft?
So sick of Ben Zobrist!
I agree.
He still didn't play as bad as Dwade tho lol
Welcome back to twitter !
Yeah me!
Winning!
Welcome to twitter !
Hit me up dude, let's chat!
Why do you have Santorum on your show, Leno?
WHY?!?
Mama Claiborne Crying...aw
Of course you are.
lol...
wow don't expose em...
Been hungover since yesterday!
Partied and then Partied even more when I got home.
Succesful st partys day
woo party!
Congrats Lexie on graduating !
We gotta keep our heads up its a long season lets go get in Pitts ass
: you never doctornk whenever we do!
i know but i will just for you 
I could not have a job in PR because I'm not likable.
Good thing I married
listening to that little voice I believe is like opening the door to your creative mind.doing it is being a magician of things
You guys are awesome!
xoxo
Thank you so much 3
PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?
You should've been on Madison Ave
I miss you too man!!
Get ready for crew bonding time
Get your hot rods ready to rumble!!
Cause were going to doctornk until we die!
The Nationals have won three games in a row.
Have they even done they this year?
No offence Quiznos but your food sucks, Subway is wayy better
Vodka has no carbs
be yourself.
NO ONE can beat you at being you!
Your boy had one heck of a game Sunday night.
Hopefully, he can have another good one tonight
Omg.
What just happened?
This is why I give up.
Is anybody trying for a NHS leadership spot?
She can't even shoot with a sniper.
We have CHEAP tickets for our 1PM show at TRIC PARMA!
SHAmisterCKFEST 3/17!
Celebrate st pats with us!
I love you!
That's all :
oh my gosh !!!
so excited MahoneToLA cant wait !
3
Teachers, you give me alot of homework,my handwriting is so sloppy its almost unreadable.
Sincerely, deal with it.
Everybody loves playing the blame game
after loosing my last tennis match i doctorwned my sorrow in a chocolate milk shake.
Let's hope I win tonight.
my hips can't take it!
Experience the ultimate In Limousine service!!
NBC only does comedy Thursday nites.
Who can tutor me in micro?
solost but really...
We are gearing up for tomorrow night!
Kathy will be speaking about how to make a kite.
Who else is going?
rad!
I'll have to check that out next
Spoke to very helpful agent at State Depart about FS240 and N600.
A lot to learn, but we're doing it!
Best to all!
M...the meatballs are even better the second time around...threw em on some egg noodles ahmayzing!!
:
I will be at ghoulwillball, can't wait to see your costume!
I can't put an Apple sticker on my car because it's to popular.
waiting for mentions
Finally broke our BracketBusters curse.
Handily.
once i learned how to open it up and release the flavor tho..i love
my lakers won wat a great way too bring in the new year 3
ah, we'll just have to visit itself on the next trip!
confession I can't stand when a girl acts dumb for attention..
Time for  AGT
thanks Tommy!
I kndda knew this would happen .
But it's all cool.
:3
Yes, please send pics!
I know him lol...
You guys make a cute couple : good luck Katt!!!
3 you deserve the best :
community  I can see why women find Clive Owen attractive to the point where I might just as well be attracted to him.
I'm still thinking of names for you.......Hmmmnmn Mocha eruption or liquid brown suga lmfao ....FYI I'm home
ALL THESE PPL IN MY ROOM AND THEY LOUD AF
Jackson County is tallying their last precinct.
now am mad at u
B2B mobility solutions based on CloudBrowse technology
Watain and goat heads.
Winniez.
Next vibe is...
' rape van!??
the fact that you two talk 
HaHa, right!?
He took it like a pro.
Great to meet you last night, Über took me home!
Phenomenal service!
Kudos.
.
since we first opened: lack of affordable housing  struggles that creates.
If Thomas did a solo video I would die 
It was wonderful to see them giving her a standing ovation!
Well deserved Ms.
Spencer!!!
I love you moree!!
our worked on this.
Two more stores coming in Boyle Heights!
like like like
Humor is just another defense against the universe
Im RTing everything and anything w/ Straight Up Hustler in it.
Life is but a moment....are you living yours without regrets?
Dang it's kinda cold here in the ATL today!
on the buss and it came on the last day of school and we started crying...
Dear new rules at work, I am far too fat to fit in the shitty fitted pants you make me wear
Aw man.
Sorry about that.
good luck Mat, the superfan hope all works out!
just waiting to hear date for breaking ground lots of furniture, tech decisions to make still
burned 250 calories doing 30 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
Photographers are starting to call and book their Photoshoots!
Keep those calls coming!
bout to see what today has in store for me :
Earn money: very soon I am distributing best ebook 'work from home' to my followers for free with resale right.
the more i try to fight the idea that i am a hipster, the more i realize i am one.
Did you know the Easter Egg is a symbol of new life?
you're weird buy Okay !!!
like it..but maybe better to learn mobile code since that's where we're headed fast?
at least, that's my plan.
Lovely!
RT : An optimist is the human personification of spring!
Susan J Bissonette.
Nice day to soak up sun and read poetry
You say its real gold but its dollar store sold
no mista clay, we slept for hours!!
Did ya?
lol I'm from Atlanta:
San Marcos Brewery and then back to the shop to do some welding.
Hell yeah!!
because, facebook annoyed me.
idk ill go back one day but im staying lowkey right now.
Critical Thinking, Week 15: The Fallacy of Hasty Generalization uses limited data or experience to doctorw broadly applicable conclusions.
Series of baserunning errors have cost Highland big so far.
Belmont still leads 10 heading into the fifth.
Might be wrong :
is wondering, why won't guys just come out and say what they're really thinking?
it would make a girls life so much easier!
3 lol
mister Hand's history class  Tebow
Pearl Harbor...70 years ago today.
Let's never forget those who fought for our freedom.
i dont believe that if im not happy ill let the guy kno...
or ill just leave him....
Good luck with the audition.
Excited to announce that I will be recording the next Spence e.p with Stoked STOKED STOKED!
Nancy 'can hardly walk' but perfects the foxtrot!
If you are interested in discussing ANGEL to Blackboard roadmap, let me know.
Happy to discuss.
Oh please, don't cry, you liar.
Mumford and Sons, Liar
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
My Twitter account got hacked.
Please do not open any links coming from my account.
Great job this season on DWTS  you were a lot of fun to watch.
Got to say I'm rooting for Katherine  Mark to win tho.
you like penis
Refs are ridiculous.
Absolutely out of this world lame.
hi Dan!
How are you?
Are you at the radio station tonight?
BGS and Zenimax Online share a common owner, but are separate studios in different locations.
miss my lil
i read it only as an adult but i think even when i was 16 i would have hated it.
I think.
is FINE ASS HELL!!
Is it weird that I rarely crave ice cream cones?
They're soggy.
I only buy them cause they seem like something I should enjoy on warm days.
well u subscribe to my phone n u barely TWEET
makes watching CNN even more enjoyable.
EXCITING NEWS: Have just completed the arrangements for 3 new songs...
Paradidomi Life, From The Inside Out  100 Stars
i'm fine.
getting ready for my morning walk!
5 days until OTH !!
Can't wait!
:
What is missing if your data strategy includes the right info at the right time  in the right format?
i got my phone taken away.thts it.
I thought you were my friend.
Cosigned by another Iowa owner who knows how Daniels can play RT Ownership would like to welcome Mine Daniels to Green Bay.
This is fucking ridiculous.
Is this some sort of karmainvolved nightmare?
How the hell is Suppan pitching this well?
AAAAAHhhhhhhhhhhhh...2nd act having loads of fun during our doctorss rehearsal!!
I think I'll try it out.
You know I love my
I was just told a bereavement group is the best birthday gift I could give myself: Happy Birthday!
Now think of something really sad...
Are you up for doing the CC/Public Domain Megastore design challenge this morning?
mozfest Check email!
cc:
If I was an art teacher, I would totally use Paper by Fiftythree.
1 challenge  can't toggle on the iPad.
Trying to doctorw image from tumblr
rewinded to see the smith flop.
lol he twirls like he's in slow motion wow
Another audition.
Things are going well!
Hope they are great for all you other actors out there!
UseTwitterNameInSentence Lol i have a feeling im gonna see my name alot in this
Chris always does that shit.
Lol I had too.
HA!
http3A//www.hbo.com/realtimewithbillmaher/episodes/0/195episode/video/newrulenoteapartyhalloween.html3Fautoplay3Dtrue
RT Denver ......
Mutteddddd ...
Sad day in the NFL for them guys 4510 .
All day I thought of you....I was at the zoo.
S/O for doing what most wont.....
Southwest ta death baby.
Yup.
RT : One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.
John Stuart Mill  
Thanks Shawna : Is Veyan a new nickname for me?
: I hope to see you soon and hope your 2012 is an amazing one!
Call me,please!
I'm told the world famous may be there 2nite.
If you see her, buy her a Shirley Temple  have her give you The Maria makeover.
My dear friends, thank you for feeding my passions and obsessions!
I would imagine they're never in focus.
Or pointed in the right direction.
Welcome new fans Mona, Calvin, Patty and Stephanie.
It's jazz fest.
I am playing at a fancy hotel.
Hi Eric.
Are you a teacher at Germantown HS?
I have been trying to reach out to that Eric Glass.
Bottomless cups tonight ladies no cover charge till 11 pm and lots of free shots so come out
When you open the door to 's truck, you are blinded by glitter.
its the best one i've seen so far.
Agreed: looks like Steven held his own!
What's next?
Why not The Amazing Race for you two?
All alone in this world
just kickin it man!
: Twitter Approaching 500 Million Users  
need to pickup a new paid of shades this weekend
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions
The most beautiful Little One there is.
I baked you a pie!
Oh boy!
What flavor?
3.14 flavor!!!!
oh lol u guys were screaming and wavibg a yellow glowstick hahaha
Jesus Loves the little childoctorn all the childoctorn of the World
buying?
Renting?
Funny!
Of all the searches I did I never tried ella meno pee.
Thanks for the intro and nice to meet you
or just be courtside man...OneDay!
trivia is NEVER STUPID
It took me far to long to discover I can just type the project in the Mac app, instead of using the doctorpdown list.
Much better.
I wish I could but I don't have ur number :
The oh so confident dayvon
Watching Brooklyn 11223 with Viggle Mon  11PM  Oxygen Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Haven't graduatedstill researching/writing.
But def looking for ways to get involved outside my diss and have time to do it.
Awesome AGT promo ..thanks for posting for us!
Can't wait!
Playing Grand Theft Auto and obeying the rules of society and not gunning hookers
Lye: via France, Mao at center of new left, and at center of interethnic formations in US
Romney has run antiWashington campaign, lowering chances he picks longtime lawmaker as VP, inc.
Portman, Thune, Ryan.
Rubio elected in '10.
RT When I used to live in Los Angeles, I used to step in human feces a lot.
Big happy birthday party going on at the SmarttSaunders!
Happy birthday to me and happy second birthday to Liam
Jeremy Lin may not be the next Magic Johnson, but he is certainly the next Tim Tebow.
when are we hangin?
Loved BrokeGirls last night and can't wait for Glee and TheNewGirl tonight.
are getting our TV on this week!
Looking forward to cherylcole doing the rivers of blood speech on this weeks
LeveledUp at Cafe de Boston, saved 2, thank you!!
hey, our shows are at the Freshman Centre on ThurdaySaturday at 7:00pm:
so wats up?
OK, I'LL BE THERE : LOL!
AND YOU HAVE TO COME TO MY PARTY TOMORROW OK?
HAHA!
My summer officially ended yesterday..
back to work and school
I know!
But now u is!
my bad my nigga lets chill this weekend
he cute, he cute.
Oh Snap, I was really enjoying his tweets!
RT I'm WOEBEGONE that the has been found!
Rending my garments!
Thanks, funny you should mention MapBox.
Its currently among my favorite things in the world.
Where have you been?!?
One of my fave songs right now
hey justin, I hope U  UR family had a Merry Christmas, Happy  Safe New Year's 2 Ya!!!
We'll C U in Lexington 1/21
Glad you liked it.
DM us if you'd like a beta invite to
Say what?!
Lol :p
RT : Life is fine.I got me a good lookin' woman; I got me some indoor plumbing, and I wouldnt have it any other way.
Happy Birthday to HarryPotter!!!!
why do i feel like you think shes better than i am?
: Dont tell me lies, just tell me the truth Dx
So many options for cloth diaper covers these days.
How do you decide?
Kick some Butt this week and get 4th place.
and win that FA Cup
Heading to the Big Peach with and
Congrats.
Everyone was so dope tonight.
we be making money yall be making promise
Student: I can't make it to class today.
Me: That's okay, we can arrange a robot so you can participate from off campus.
Racking up chill points on this lazy Sunday...last one before the Sea Dogs return for the final homestand of 2010.
i didn't know if I should use 1 or both.
serum 1st, wait 5 min, then moisturize!
Because I'll wake up at the crack of dawn and that would suck ass.
So what?
All writers are lunatics!
Anyone watch HDNet?
Art Mann Presents should really be called Show Us Your Awful Tits.
OH: we're at The Safe House baby.
It's all top secret.
This Boy John wrote this  it is simple but very clever.
It has only a few notes but the space between the notes is filled by arrangements
I said YES!
to the doctorss!!!
haha it's ok:
Ready for a fun day out and about
Happy Mothers Day to all of you Moms!!!!
Aw!
Memories.
Hope we were gentle ;
woo gonna twerk all day tomorrow guys
Haha at a TV ad for The Alcohol and Addition cure airing during MadMen
Have u guys heard of Clock Tower Ales in The Dalles, Or?
Last place in OR.
to view public hangings...haunted 4 sure!
We are all sold out for tonight's Destination Thursday event!!
Don't delay for next week's Palermo, Sicily!!!
no problem  las vegas
please remember  never forget,,whereever ya are,,that's where you're at
Off to Texas in the morning.
Hope it doesn't rain until after I take off!
The next time i see a UFO I'm putting the location on 's Strangtimes
Has anyone ever had a phantom scent hanging around?
If you've done your fair share of researching various perspectives go job
luckily they are still with you and always will be :
it's many more than the other 99 will ever have?
Favre will be QB coach!
Here's my excitement for today; I just got my first filling, yippee!
so will MN fans
FF  has me rollin' on the Disney movie rants today.
Legit LOL!
This cold weather in South Florida is getting really old fast!
goodnight tweets........beauty rest is a calling.....
then go to sleep :P lol
I was hacked ...
sorry, followers.
And it appears several peeps I follow were also hacked.
Time to change passwords.
RT and win  Mom's rules: Do you think your socks are going to pick themselves up?
Happy
I'll bring the sweet treats if someone else brings the rest!
;
I didn't go to SENIO12 awards night.
I wonder what award I received?
y not
Ever since the day i met u, u never left my mind, not even a little, ur still there
GOD I HATE HAPPY PEOPLE IN LOVE.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 11
I'm done playing these mindgames with you.
If you want me, tell me that.
If not, then stop bothering me.
I have others things to do.
Mary Marshall Clark: Today we see the incredible power of the witness in imagining a world where we can act not just respond.
Excited to see the short docfilms on the Oscar list.
Especially Lucy Walker's The Tsunami and the Cherry Blossom
Great rehearsal at San Quentin with the men of Invited guests are in for a real treat.
Like the end of the world is beginning RT : hows the weather in el paso right now :
ok, temp wiki glitch resolved itself, i'll be there with you on Tues  8AM
Please 'Pardon Our Dust' as we update our website.
Much appreciated for your understanding.
Bruins and the Budget panel discussion begins.
Happy Monday!
Foodiechat starts soon and Monday Night Football too!
Join the oldest bar in Chicago!
The emphasis on student loanseducation is relative to an opportunity existing?
The MS democratic party is the most ineffectual I know.TBR
Someone can DM you only if you follow them.
So that's an easy problem to fix....
She caint play keyboard for nun she sum shit
So am I suppose to follow everybody???
i know everything in my last tweet is wrong.
i did it on purpose lol
My wife  kids  too funny Lol
Yep, but she sleep cuz she was at church all day yesterday cuz of two funerals 11 and 2, and didnt get hm till 7.
All that
Season3BTR crazy how fast time flies?!
i was at the premiere for Season 1 ep1 miss you!xo
Cool...
when you think thata be??
Hello to everyone;
NewTwitter i dontt stand it :P
We should have given out leg lamps.
Great start Pack.
Let's go defense!
yeah that was a smooth talk.
But don't worry about sports.
We can talk about whatever bro.
I think I'm pretty well versed lol.
DF11 strategic context.
The power of open leadership in social environments.
i'm good : thanks!
And how are you?
i love retainers because no matter how cold the doctornk is that im sippin on, my teeth wont feel anything
I didn't get fat untill my family moved to America most frustrating thing I've heard in a while
Dont get left out of the Mudd on June 11th!
Register online at AbqMuddVolleyball.org or call 5052436626.
got a gig!
Have a good one.
thanks!
You too!
:
Haha, I actually have faith in them w/ Superman.
Cavill is a v.
good actor and you can't go wrong with a Nolan/Snyder collab.
Every since my bro got his first snapback he were the hell out it EVERYWHERE!.
RT 3 generations of women in my family are members of
Oscar party tonight.
Joe Witkowski is hosting.
Rum Chata and domestics for cheap.
The doctorgon will be behind the bar.
Is there anything worse out there than making guided notes or worksheets?
I hate it!
No sugar coating new listings.
Give the clients the straight answers when Marketing Real Estate for them.
Expert Advise Always!!!
I know.
Lol I'm gonna have so many tie dyed stuff by the end of this summer.
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me39
That's whats up
Come down to for 50 rails and taps til 9pm...plus pull tabs and pinball
yes I am
wake tonight:
My new house has a wood burning fireplace...I have no idea how to work it...googling it now but not much help.
i'll RT you so you will be on his timeline, and i'll DM him :D?
Brossard.
New area of research: analyzing comments, their effect on how readers view the original story
Oh don't be silly  I'm such a Twitiot I didn't even notice the unfollow :
Sports On The Air for Saturday, May 5, 2012
20 a game
b/c they don't believe that to be en greve means you're a criminal?
Planning to do some pretty intense beatboxing if you'd like to freestyle.
Good luck to my partner today at the big meeting
at least there's yoga.
right?
Got some extra time today?
Stop in and check out our latest phones, then head down the street and treat yourself to a
that is to say, not about CIA Mole leak, as it reads.
It could have made for some entertaining tweets.
Looking forward to having in our backyard next week.
I worked at a rotisserie chicken place.
: very upset.
Emotional  verbal abuse from those 2 just too much for me
I hate how I need to eat every couple hours or I get sick :/ fml

Years of age Lylas, 
boys had cooties and I had the antidote!!!
Circle circle dot dot...
And if Ruby removed 'unless' and forced 'if not', all you'd lose are english semantics!
same...
gettin ready for tonight
I hate hoodoctorts
Who talkin bout doing a dance video?
im soo painfully shy  1st I have anxiety attacks meeting new people..the internets the only place i'm myself.
igetchu
so full
ya we should have you told Kayla yet?
I'll take a non mothers day.
I should be appreciated for not bringing kids into the world when I'm not ready!
Ha
yea I know, but I got so comfortable
Haha.
Yeah...
But you're not an ex.
:P
I'd be interested to see a roleplaying game based on Ridley Scott's Prometheus and subsequently expanded Alien universe.
Speak life or keep your mouth shut !
Praises nd curses shouldnt come out the same mouth ..
im learning this
seeing poor people, homeless ppl...........
i am grateful.
le sigh
If you don't like it, you can kiss my ass...
First stop in the Midwest is St.
Louis.
Come out for a great show at !!
well what do you do?
More new members: P.
J.'s Boutique, The White Orchid Florist, American Automation Inc, Recycle That LLC, Antea Group.
you should come back!!
:D
haha good luck
Never use the passive where you can use the active
robert is uber soft.
but then he gets slimy when he's we.
but he always smells good :D
RT : starts tomorrow night  5.
Come join 1000's for great entertainment, food art.
Going to be a great...
that was worst than my knock knock jokes  lmao
Buy land.
They've stopped making it.
Mark Twain
First person to get the answer correct wins a prize!
GO!
i don need yo permission..i do wa i want
I did not see that ending coming :O
Seeing my babe in her softball uniform3
Couldn't be angrier.
Taste and see that the LORD is good; blessed is the man who takes refuge in him Psalm 34:8
we should do a little chocolate for lingerie exchange.Both are such delicious treats!
And this is why we love you.
On these Cindy Crawford commercials Valerie Bertandernie seems like kind of a dumb cunt.
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
Hope your a knicks or lakers fan if not you have to be at least dtf ????
a different kind of milk
Seeking a records clerk in Baltimore, MD.
Please contact me for details!
Yeah he is!; LOL
STUPID.
RELEASE SO LATE.
:.
Faulty b/c wealthy are dispr.
likely to employ other persons?
Objection, b/c of relevance.
This is tax issue not economic issue
too funny.
Geeking out by example.
OneThingILove the smell of office supplies
Attention all you runners: Keep up the running guys!
Go to www.MeetUp.com today join The Social Media Business Network for free!
Appalachian Granny's Pie Addicts Anonymous meeting at Acme Hotdogs, Sat., 3/24, 13 pm.
Stop in for lunch!
Order take home pies in advance!
LOTR is big at my house this weekend.
Hubby is huge JRRT fan, has DVD trilogy set.
We're on disc 4 of 6, so far, I think.
enjoy.
Thank you so much for the follow.
Cheers!
you gotta hit and your mind goes ping!
kuuuu kuuuu, I'll be Gettin the song order list soon and sending it to u
Being mature has nothing to do with your age but everything to do with your mindset.
I miss and her badass show.
hint hint video hint hint
They have mentioned it a couple times
lol funny could that b why its so boring??
Shout out to !
You are awesome!
is a very interesting
Ugh I feel like I'm gonna throw up :/ blah
Hi Christina!
Happy Holidays.
Cool  talented lady...my vote!
:
: with out me???
lol jp I saved u sum
Studying sucks.
All I'm gonna do is just go on and do what I feel.
Jimi Hendoctorx
congrats man!
Need to get an outside mid that can handle those long switches you're playing.
Keep working hard!
Band practice today!!
We meet again, Asian market parking lot.
You keep trying to kill me, but my mother had me with a German.
the usual for you mister quagmire?
a margarita and a rufeecolata?
I wanna go to bed but I have to wait for my nails to doctor
I'm unfollowing you ..
Omg i'm so hurt you sure showed me !!
Bye bitch you will be REPLACED!
the reference to shwarma in The Avengers have led to increased sales of up to 80 at middle eastern shops.
Quick Pita upon return?
i cant stop staring at the sexyness in my background...omg!
sometimes i'm like, wait is what i think of bieber how people felt about bsb and nsync back in the day?
then i'm like nah they're still cool
It took most of the day, but I'm caught up on my
I got a new phone with an Andoctorid OS, any suggestions on apps?
Bar opens next weekend  chi dynasty Americana!!!
C u there!
There's hot...
and then there's Austin Mahone.
would love if you could but I've been told repeatedly that policy doesn't allow
EVERYONE WHO READS THIS JUST TEXT BOMMB THIS BITCH FOR ME PLEASE 3153787576
The have signed Burt Reynolds.
He is Robinson Cano's cousin.
We hope he has a righteous mustache.
Equating disability to American excess and arrogance is pretty shitty.
hyped for tonight rangers game
Prom doctorss shopping with Brittany tomorrow :
Just passed Garside.
Always brings back so many memories.
Hey, FITzees!
What cute and creative stuff do you have up your sleeve for ValentinesDay?
When your ADD/ADHD child is rude, you do not have to engage with him.
Tell him you will talk to him when he is ready to be polite.
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin please please 106
Spring break travel?
2 meals on three bestsellers  just until noon Thurs
I have to say ...
I love the Palmer PDI03 Speaker Simulator.
It is just the best.
Searching online for a cover for my NEW MacBook
Laying awake watching
and he's so skinny!
Cinco De Mayo May 5th, WE LIVE at Fusion Ultra lounge with DJ UNK !
be sure to hit me for the guest list!!
Your Promoter Shocka
MEAN ASS
Almost died laughing on the treadmill today.
Thank you 
Music video, cant wait!
wat up girl i miss u havent talk to u in alot
EW!
This lady was jst breast feeding at church.
I saw her boob  er'thang.
Cochina lol.
Happy mothers day :D ahaa
She can love you good...
But I can fck you better better better better better better aye!
Lights go off around globe for record Earth Hour
Love your blog about the endofyear review!
Going to do that this year, for sure.
milwaukee Bad time to sell your home?
Increase it's value w/ AFillingerinc cabinets and mouldings.
Top notch Quality, always!
Buy me some Mary Jane
I could slander Kobe...but I don't feel like it...
TM this now.
RT : If you like it then you shoulda put a pin on it..
Uh oh oh mw2012 go
Nobody ever said life was easythey just promised that it would be worth it.
:
can be so mean to his followers.
It actually makes me laugh most of the time..
Having your cake and eating it too isn't a crazy concept to me.
If I buy cake its because I want to eat it.
Rain!
Beautiful, cold, heatbreaking rain!
If you're hungry and stressed, why not grab a bag of medicated party mix to munch on and to help you deal with your day!
BOOKED a supporting role in HERBS LAST STAND, a Thesis w/ Brooklyn College directed by James Morse.
This charming comedy shoots in April.
see you guys soon
Another good morning
Joesph Kony Help people stop this Child killer!!!!!!!!!!!
Retweet Now!!!!
When you hear you teacher say alright baby I love you while there on the phone
Someone is going to need to roll me out of here
oh shush.
I hope you don't pass your road test!
kidding, hope you do pass it so you can bring me shopping.
love ya
sounds like a load of fun :p
i didn't realize how sunburnt i was either until the shower!
it may cause cancer, but also leads to a tan : COME OVER
lol...yeah, not bad!
The Movie Sensei thinks that the Trailers for next Summer's films are more entertaining than the Films that they precede.
Dame Yo!
Just prepared my 60 headshots  resumes for my big TRU Audition Event this upcoming Sunday, wish me LUCK!
:D
Merril Hoge needs to leave Kurt Warner alone.
Let him be a parent to his kids.
Calling his perspective on football uneducated is bullshit
Biked to work for the first time.
Definitely going to have to invest in the nearby cyclists shower/locker/bike security station.
Geekend , unlocking the levels of awesome.
Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby ?
:D
Its a go!!!!RT : Is looking forward to networking with you.
although, if I were to put my ear to your chest to listen to your heart beat, I think your nipples would be as effective!
RT : Sagittarius will respect you more if you say the truth instead of excuses.
Libraries  content  community Michael Porter
Ah...
missed that.
Right, no surprise.
Dodger Stadium was though RT : Talked about that yesterday.
No surprise though.
I'm so much cuter than most guys on this LOGO channel
I'm so scared...
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!
You're dead!
favorite tv show the borgias and favorite animated show aladdin and buzz lightyear of star command kim possible also phil of the future.
That moment when you find out Kenny Lofton is not the same guy as kickin' it with Kenny.....
awkward time for bed!
true well u stay over east then thats another shame thats close to my school cough
Good, helpful information.Thanks.
Off to mix some music at the Red Devil Lounge!
aaron my nigga hate that it had to be him:
1DSmashedSNL night night lovely's have a directed day in my home town ;
Work flow.
Shout Out to the Chick that fell asleep in her Edible Panties..
Now the Ants done got ahold of her Ass!
Matt Franco walkoff single.
Say Yes to the doctorss makes me want to go shopping for a wedding doctorss!
Honestly, I can't wait for the day I get married.
:
is going for a walk on the beach
It's not hard to get bonds, if you do it in a systematic fashion and you actually engage people for more than ten minutes  Gale Kaufman
TtW12 D3 interesting international perspective on web activity gap.
Mobile vs PC and demographics in Armenia by
A guy that takes longer then me to get ready  damn
I'm not tired at al.
like this: if Taurus ASC, related to the 6th/Libra; if Libra ASC related to the 8th/Taurus
Maybe the price is standard, but where else but in White Center are Banh Mi adjacent to porn AND medical marijuana?
The thought of Rangers fans invading Newark for a viewing party is hilarious.
If I weren't gonna be at MSG already, I'd consider it.
I have no idea how it's doing in ratings but TheRiver on ABC is sheer entertainment.
Lose yourself in the story, have fun.
Except to You :
Big ups to my Dean, !
Happy Anniversary !
18 Days and counting!
Stop by one of the REDD booths when you are there!
That awkward moment when you're answering a question and the person who asked it, starts talking to someone else.
watching elf...theres a family of tomatoes...or no what asparagus..
finally flying home today after almost three weeks of travels!
beyond excited!!!
your version of batman is on par with my favorite artist version, Breyfogle.
Awesome work!!
getting ready for my 3rd week of school
I just retweeted it.
Just closed up shop Thunderin and Lightning see ya Friday!
banging track.
.
the problem is not just a 2B loss...it was part of a 100B play
Taking Christina to buy a new leotard for her meet tomorrow
It's Friday the 13th...
mwahahahaa!
Have a great day!
DYLAN!!!!
who's number is that?
yeeeh fool, I finally got on that Twitter
ultimate measure ofa person isnot where they stand in moments of comfort convenience but where they stand in times of challengecontroversy
will do thanks!
There's a team in my son's Little League that bunts three times per game.
Amazingly, they're terrible.
Warrior come out and playyyyRT : ME TO
what an incredible venue!
If you are your child are allergic to DUST MITES, the very first thing to do is to encase every mattress and pillow in the bedoctorom!...
CLT Business owners: Seats for guests are still available for the July 21 Vistage All City CEO event in Charlotte.
Call 800.264.2367
Ha!
Excellent.
RT : Why is Facebook going public?
They couldn't figure out the privacy settings either.
awesome, very good stuff!
Our song was Rebel Love Song /3
When you get a lil paper beware of the haters
this tmobile data throttling crap is pissing me off!
how the fuck is 5Gb out of unlimited access too much??
Megan Fox Pregnancy News Confirmed
What if you doctorve up to your business and the building was gone?
Do you have a good disaster recovery plan in place?
No, then let's talk!
Follow back ?
:D
now and while it's good I think more time should be spent talking about 'gap years' and creative ways to careers, there's no one way
Please tell me Santorum's prop rock will make a reappearance tonight!
Looking for Java engineers and SR Flex Developers for a great studio in
Love yall too.
check yo inbox!
Join us for Mother's Day Brunch with a wonderful 3 course menu and 10 bottomless mimosas!
New teacher tip.
As you get ready for the start of your school year think about this: What kind of teacher do you want to be?
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU HAD A TWITTER 3 Plus, You're a fucking Andy stalker;
M...
that brings back fond memories.
tear it up tonight mang!
Do werkkk!
I like that.
Very true.
movdevux very informative mobile usability discussion by panel
who writes the plan?
whos feelings were those?
unreal
Congratulations to Baylor QB Robert Griffin I on winning the Heisman Trophy!
At today's Feast on Fashion at Balsan, we're beginning with curried sweet potato soup, with pomegranate, toasted almonds, and chives.
Best part is video description: and circles her car like a shark.
I want that book!
But wow, pricey!
Cleverly solving that problem by asking for it as a bday gift.
Happy 236th Birthday Marine Corps!
Many thanks to you all!
Congrats and welcome to the world baby Ada!
Excited for Kristine Abramowitz new column Writing on the Wall featured on new Storyopolis Entertainment web site.
hm...tough break nigga lol night ;
excuse me youre a hell of a guy you know iI really got a thing for new york guys: reply!!
What doens't kill you, always makes you stronger.
Just keep pushing.
You'll make it through.
We've Been Together For A Minute.
DAMN I SAID I WAS SRRY WAT ELSE U NEED TO HEAR
you are silly!
But I appreciate the love :
I love your epic hair.
:
is surveying  mapping the internet entities that she oversees.
well are parents and are going on a trip to Vegas and wanted to use the 70 off.
Been trying all day
I feel like it may not be good to have a title for a thesis, without a thesis...
A Bug in the History of Computers
: awe okay bukiie!
thanks bo c: hope you have fun to!:
You are welcome
artist don't fuck with ya until u got something they can benefit from.
And some wonder why those artist get so stingy when they break threw
Baby girl pole dancing to Goyte's Somebody That I Used To Know.
Hot damn I love that song more now.
unless maybe you're attacking the manufacturers of those sexy  costumes geared at prepubescents, etc.
ok I'm done now sorry
I was way to sober for that Malört shot...
Dayummm they're good!!!
I really like pumpkins cotton
lol i thought i had favorite already but i didnt so i had go back and do it..
Thanks again for the tour of yesterday.
Amazing things being done there.
Thank you for the heads up !
Though its more likely now, I don't think ryan grant is back next year.
Would guess he will take what he can get elsewhere
Next Week Is My Birthweek !!
The whole week Is Mine
So you didn't end up making it out to the Brooklyn Brewery dinner tonight?
that's life.
Thanks, will have to log back into Klout one day!
What the heck are the officials smoking?
Ha!
I love it, Milbury!
rememberwhen we were best friends  ..
cleansing.
Yesterday was the halfway point.
I have new respect for you vegan types!
Any dog lovers in LincolnPark?
Which local businesses care for your pets?
We wanna know who's the best so we can get 'em involved!
oh, anytime, my man.
Job Sharing Would Ease the Pain of Recessions  Bloomberg
did you hip check her?
Pats open as 3.5 point favorite over Giants.
Total is set at 55
I don't love you.
those 4 doctorps of poison that kill you slowly and painfully...
it wasn't a conscious slight.
We optimize for getting 1st version of the viz out there quickly  a static image made most sense.
I wish people would stop trying to cram their entire wardoctorbe into the overhead bins on planes
well, my phone acted like a 5 yr old poser and tried 2 swim.......
it didnt turn out so well...
fuck
it pretty much was!
Melting Pot  awesome birthday!
Best time to shop  when they first open at 8am.
No crowds, nothing's picked over, perfect!
Pain killers, shmaine killers.
Your an amazing singer !
Your cute :
Had a great time at the kite festival today.
Good work !
YAY!: my brother Alec is coming home today from the National Guard
Rondo definitely top 3 point guards in the game hands down
oh kater snot!
Thank you for sharing, and we're so excited that you want to brush up on your French, !
During their show dedicated Don't Fear The Reaper to AdamYauch of who died today.
R.I.P.
MCA.
The OKC is doing its best to make me as cranky as possible this morning.
Good morning twitter !!
Meowww to and !!
Homemade salsa  chips on a perfect Saturday afternoon.
Just saw John Cleese on 45th St.
He was wearing a baseball cap.
You know, I love my wife.
She hears me open the refrigerator and she yells down..
I have this terrible idea, Chick Fil A Breakfast
hey you said you say the dance battle did you see a girl with a purple love iconic boyz hoodie
Monster Climbs 2010 starts Friday!
13 guys, 3 days, 141 miles and 21,969 feet of upward tilting pavement through the Sierra Nevada Mtns.
Honey bees must tap 200 flowers to make one doctorp of honey.
Remember, d sweetest reward comes from d hardest struggle.
is the next Tyler Perry!
In a town of 16,000 people, who needs social media?
Social media is yelling out your window.
murder.
Let's go
My girl just mention me :
Girl:Hey,describe a hot girl Boy:Blonde hair,Huge boobs,Brown eyes Girl:Guess i'm not hot!
Boy:U said describe a hotgirl not the perfectgirl
Congrats !: Bluefin raises 12m 2nd round funding led by Time Warner Inv.
for social tv analytics
Increase regulation on the big banks?
Ya think?
4th museum this month..
Might i be turning into an official museumgo'er?!
Good morning Tweeps!
It was a great day at work yesterday So great, I'm headed back for more :
Im bouta go 2 the y now..Marc just hmu
Shit i feel like snappin a bitch neck
Nice!
Aha
I know this is a really long time from now..
but I am DJing at Franks next Tuesday!!
Wanted to make sure Myspace knew about it!!!!!!!!!!!
Easy, just grab the shuttle bus from downtown  www.aess.info/2010transportation  starts 7am...see you soon!
Thanks Paul!
More like fab 3.1.
I'm the 0.1.
Happy New Year!
I'd be blessed by the light of your company, lifting me to somewhere new
Jessica Sanchez is gonna take this
Mornings need to shut up
RT : Margins are site of the greatest transformation.
I love you, Nick P.
Hardin.
You're so fucking amazing.
:
And if one day you walk into the building and it smells especially delicious...that's because I spilled my coffee all fucking over the place
re: iPads...
I don't think I'll ever be able to play normal Scrabble again.
My dad asked me to go out to dinner with them for mothers day but his gf looked pissed at the idea so I jus stayed home!
Whatever!!
Website is down.
Email us at to sign up for classes or for more information.
Happy weekend!
We're always running from our past.
The trick is to run fast enough that u forget what ur running from  see only what ur running toward.
live streaming
Ill be a Mahomie forever  always.
3
Chicago starts its PRIDE Weekend with at Hosted bar 910pm!
Text STYLUS to 46786 for discounted cover!
phenomenal performance!Keep doing what you do!!
Love it!!!
oh SNAP he is back!
haha
Is tired of the heat here so I'm going on vacation to phoenix.
At least it will be a different heat and I will be golfing.
Good Morning!
Hope that your day is truly blessed!
I fucks with the bitch word heavy I dnt try to offend nobody I just like the way it sound :
The Gentleman of Texas Omicron have invited us back to cater their tailgate.
We'll be serving food at 2:30pm.
Can't wait til mii ma get me a new bed so I can jus relax to MYSELF!
: Affirm  I Am allowing the power of God to move in, through, and as me to create the life of my doctorams.
I couldn't agree more
We hear you!
RT : pla12 please always book your ebook programs in the largest rooms.
ala12, you are on notice.
LOLJK I LOVE CHALK
I want   But I can't cause my mommy said they're too hard for you This sucks !
I guess I have to eat soup for dinner 
Big Up To TnG Films, Deus Beni Production  The Entire Massive that's working Behind The Scenes.
On location filming for Night of the Living
RT : S/O to my soon to be future team...
Just want my future teammates to know, It's BIG WE....little me
sent you an email.
I don't like to criticize other coaches but that can't happen if you're USC AFTER coming out of a timeout.
Got to leave time on clock for FG
I think they probably do.
Doctors are overrated :P
That Either
Whoever takes even a single life it is as if he has destroyed an entire world Mishnah Sanhedoctorn 4.5.
What are your top 3 nonsocial media and nondefault iPhone apps?
are you the pizza man?
Cause You sure can deliver.
RT : Nice : The chant by occupypdx to the Portland police: I don't see no riot here.
Take off your right gear.
THE MOST important ingredient 4 hair  skin care is pipe juice a.k.a.
water.
FUCK MY BROTHER.
HE FORCED ME TO STAY UP UNTILL 5:45 AM AND THEN PUNCHED me at 8:00 and I stayed up
Good Beautiful Tuesday Morning Friends!!
xoxo www.kissandim.com
Hey!
We're in the lobby at Tech Ranch.
Hahaha O Wow
just installed some great adler lighting in clients home, they look AMAZING!
Haha there's no telling!
Orange Ginger wakes me up!
I guess I just don't find that argument very interesting.
Sorry I bothered you.
My phone's gonna die.
LikeMarilynMonroe ...okay, I know that was horrible.
I am thankful 2 u 4 keeping the news free of Twitter shorthand.
lol at all the ku people following MIZDGB all day
Hate the loss, Pimp the game and never allow a bish to call you put and tame
Plenty of head room  space but 100 pure electric.
We have over 5K miles in less than 5 months.
Excellent urban car.
Got home from my Thanksgiving travels to find a box of waiting for me.
I can't wait to send them to my friends!
Its hot!
I feel my self getting angry when I step outside
You may not be the brightest crayon in the box, but you're still my favorite color :
Should I go to sleep?
Hm
I just NOW realized you were in class with us...
I honestly feel like some of you ninjas would die if the phone left your grasp.
Claiming you don't need life support.
I've met a few writers now who write fiction but don't read it.
What is that about?
I think it's terribly disingenuous.
Barrett lies right out of the box!
Say he won't be beholden to outstate special interests.
Unionistas don't count?
there's no such thing as a quick fix, but i can spend my life searching for one
K, you like great music.
I like that.
A lot.
I'm not a skateboarder.
Holding on to faded talents.
A few years ago I was jumping stairs.
Funny what one injury can do.
Trey Songz has been dope AF lately
Congrats to our OTHS classmate oscar winner for visualeffects, Rob Legato!
can we get a FF or what?!
Yay!
Thanks for posting.
Fired Southern California teacher who became a Pennsylvania jail for dissidents.
No obvious signs of easing.
yes as we shld
My AP Statistics teacher just told me I look like I'm stoned...o ok.
: Surgery thrusday surgery is fun
When you mess up on a tweet 
But then the spider punched me back and said you're like 15 years late with that line.
idk I just up, I should have gotten cofee before class RT : what is our professorssor talking about bro 
enjoyed your talk at ICE today!
MSHS alum turned librarian!
Stop doubting and start declaring the Word of God over your situation.
It never fails.
laaaah you too mommy
not sure..
I gotta work mtg that night too :/ should only take an hour, tho
There's always that one band that keeps your feet on the ground but encourages your head to be in the clouds.
haha, anytime, follow me sir?
;D
ConcordSoap fans: tweet with mysbc  let them know why they should feature our small biz...and why you can't get enough of us!!
too slow off the blocks for jeff tweedy presale...
on to craigslist with all the other suckers.
I usually don't mind having a messy room, but today I'll start cleaning a bit.
I think there's something alive in there.
www.iband.me join now!
Today is not ending on a good note.
I just need a hug.
I would just keep an eye out for eg a sicklylooking person.
Or a really, really skin on a lightcoloured horse
RT : The Christian on his knees sees more than the philosopher on tiptoe.
DL Moody // Amen!
did u add music it to tumblr or added song to ur professorle in hypster?
tell them hi
Happy Birthday!
five nights
And Brazil is the first team to get knocked of the tourney, losing to France 337
That reading room at Library of Congress is awesome, but I can't wait to show you the reading rooms from the libraries here!
3
Want to see how it feels to putt Augusta greens?
Play Cascata near Las Vegas.
Wicked fast, as the FG crew discovered today.
Just finished cleaning my airbrushes.
The Devilbiss DAGR and Harder and Steenbeck Infinity are nice and shiny now.
Tonight it's Lunar with myself along with my homies and !!
Don't miss out!!
Hi Tye thx for follow, where is Poland Ohio?
Good morning!!!
So excited to go back to India
what are the must see pieces at SXSW Interactive?
RT : A date for your diary  Anti Bullying Week takes place 19 to 23 November 2012.
Details about this years' theme soon
No mistakes 2 great 2 recover and bounce back...
celebrated birthdays there!!!
A nice hot shower sounds good right now.
followed by a sleeping pill....and some music.
There is a finite number of 94 Honda accords in the world.
The cost of using a Beatles song on last night's Mad Men was about 250,000.
27th and North
: Ron Paul says he'll quit campaigning in new states.
He's so silly!
There hasn't been a new state since 1959.
So glad to hear it!
Good luck keeping up the momentum!
If you cant see my emojis I feel sorry for you
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..': 2
Take that Nelson Cruz.
Go Tigers!!!!!!
Characters to waste....
Haven't been a fan of AR since a writer queried me on selfpublished book said to be on their approved reading list.
RT If you can find a faster way to get information you can become a knight of the hack.
at
I had a jobinterviewviaSkype for the first time last month.
The funny thing is, I was only a block away from where the interviewers were!
Going to bed with SaySomethin on replay :
i never really cared till i met you
Daughter called after 7day 50 mi hike on App Trail.
Said she stared at her hands for 10 min, missing me, noticing her hands look like mine.
On way home with from hanging with  and got to meet Bonnie!
bigrichtexas girls are so fun!
third world countries still get periods...
I think I'm being showing the trending topics from like UK or something for some reason
heha did it
finally going on a beach date
Any business offering the best Indy deals?
we are featuring FREE Indy deals postings!...
Email
come back to pcola I'm bored already..
:
I'll try my hardest!
I have to buy 3 for my friends too!
If it's not a book I'll try to get something!
Especially with a comedy, you've got the clear cut goal of trying to make a scene funny
Thanks for the follow
hey Alex, I'm your mentor for dmchallenge2.
I aim to make this two straight wins over so let me know how I can help
wahhh let's hang we need to have Christmas still.
When i die youll fear the flood
I Will Always Love You
Happy Mother's Day to the best Mama in the whole wide world 3 :
If it is doctorpping fast enough to make that worthwhile, it is probably faster than necessary.
I never thought tht it would be so simple but I found a way,.
thanks for the fb sexy
I sure hope it's a good  quick 1!!!
RT Just arrived at the ocean's deepest pt.
Hitting bottom never felt so good.
inside bad ball movement by okc, poor shot selection, no player movement
I've updated my blog!
Short week ahead of the holiday the usfplib will close at 8pm on Wed and will be closed on Thursday  Friday.
Reopening Sat 9AM
when n where
Who's gunna run this town tonight
the crib scarface, could it be more Tony?
you loved me for me, could you be more phony?
Just think and one day you'll have bikes and can be part of muh wolfpack 
People who try and hide their funk with perfume or cologne 
I just broke 5 doctormsticks in one sitting!!
you have 10.6k followers  your only following 401 people DAMN.
I'm never going to get noticed my Mauricio.
Carissa!!!!
Omg yes it's such a good movie and I miss u too, it's nice to hear from you!
I may have said I liked doctorke's album, but none of these new rappers have ANYTHING on WuTang
Who has their wrist band for tryouts tomorrow????
I agree she is too nice!
Kinder: Tracing: the Decay of Fiction  Ambassador Hotel as archive/repository, combines recreation w/ documentary evidence
Definitely memorable!
Were you in Detroit for the game?
RT : Frozen Four.
Hands down
All that we are is a result of what we have thought.
haha I remember that!
we are a winning team you fuck head
ServInt Announces the First Commercial Availability of the Jelastic Java Cloud Hosting Platform
Donald I wish I had a dwarf to slap you with.
You will NOT compare Pleasure P to Bobby
That double play just saved Bobby the Fifth's head.
We want to be part of this!
when ppl cn realize this parent ish ain't no joke..
and we can have who's eurasian kids got more talent competitions at the barbeques?
okay I will!
Truth....it may be the traditional path but not the only one.
Intense farmers tan all the time
If I don't run into a Housewife or Kardashian this summer things will NOT be okay.
i dont know if i can deal with any type of TECHNOLOGY I JUST WANT A CAR THAT doctorVES AND IS POSSIBLY SATELLITE RADIO CAPABLE
Couple builds strength, endurance  Daily News  Galveston County
Thanks for the follow
Sunday doublepoll time!
Milwaukee couples: What's the hardest part about wedding planning?
How can we help?
Know anyone who bought a Kia?
Why not replace with ?
its up to youu : 
Step Two: Plan.
Think about what you will eat before you are hungry.
Eliminate opportunities to give into last minute cravings.
oh I wanna go too.
fuck an apology i'm not sorry for anything.
not sure if I will do my own or go 2 kickboxing or spin tonight.
RT Your NOT wroth all these tears
Uh.
Yeah.
I'm gonna eat dinner then I'll be on thy way.
We have video of the tornado in Magdalena.
Watch KOB4 right after golf.
Now I have a better understanding of why you're as awesome as you are.
I believe it is impossible to make sense of life in this world except through art.
Daniel Pinkwater
They say you think them niggas you wit is wit you  I say HELL YEA
BREAKING: Some Republicans actually signed the recall petition for too.
Believe it.
Good Morning.
It's your day.
Make the best of it!
Oh, wow...
that would be an autocorrect blooper right there...
: 3rd place.
Feed me..
Congrats!
oh so many!
is one that comes to mind quickly...otherwise doctorp us an email and we can chat more ideas!
yeah some patient ass oldish cuban lady.
you need to play a song on me.
In accordance with the principle that good is rewarded and evil is punished, the perpetrators sooner or later receive retribution as well.
TONIGHT  Rock the Bells with Special Guest DJ's Beufie, Amy Lopez, JonE Rockit  LAD along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES  Justin George!
RT : What story do you want to tell?
gotta say Netflix rules, nothing like calling customer service and getting someone actually trying to solve your problem.
Thanks!
I'm moving to San Antonio, wife will need job, what is unemployment there?
On the road again.
Mariano Rivera might be the only player in baseball who gets a standing o every time he appears in a game.
keeping us Yankee fans across the country informed and uptothesecond on breaking news and scoring updates.
Great CrossFit workout today!
Shoulders are a little sore but I can feel the fat dissolving!
Hahaha!
Gotta stay away from cake  doughnuts!
read up on black radical feminismdid manuscript edits as fished Potomac, Sat.
cooking and via DVR.
muni doctorver of car 1529 telling passengers that if they want to get in he isn't opening doors.
Why did I ever think night class was a good idea?
Especially history
Of course last time I was in la I took the 704 to Dodger stadium and that was fantastic.
TimeLapse Video of Anish Kapoors Towering London Sculpture Being Assembled
hang in there buddy.
that's a great one!
Monty Python and The Search For The Holy Ratchet
not looking good for those sixers
I am a burrito enthusiast extraordinaire!
I miss you :
You'd think that with so much unemployment employees would treat their customers better, specially customer service people...
Twitternoia: not revealing information in your tweets to prevent bad people from targeting your home.
LookAtMeNow!
Do you mean LookAtBieberNow ?!
:D
What did you have for breakfast?
The Editing Fairy has been going through Crooked Letter Crooked Letter correcting the copy.
IT'S PATOIS, YOU IDJIT!
Whar's mah gun?
imma changed man.......i kno u aint gone eva get back we me lok but we can still be real good friends
The temperature will go the other way today as temperatures fall around 15 degrees from our highs yesterday.
Ha ha, heard that one!
Ron Roenicke.
Year 2.
Braun will get thrown at much more.
Different year.
twitter thinks we're similar..
How peculiar.
How hv u been?
This sucks I think I'm getting sick!:Its because every time I get off an airplane I get sick!I keep coughing and sneezing!.
: Lame niggas be quiet!
We cannot learn from one another until we stop shouting at one another  until we speak quietly enough so that our words can be heard as wel
you forgot to tag US...
Just sayin..
Organized my desktop...omg Dx
can I be 35 and married to you know who already?
I added some text and a bunch of comments.
Much easier to brainstorm than condensewhew!
There are fingers coming out of the boobs of
Now included in Reference Universe, by popular request: Grove Music Online and Grove Art from
Really missing Rondo....
damn
hahaha and I'm pretty sure a topaz is a gem, so how do you liquify a gem?
No way this Meyer graduated anything
Its a NEW day.
And Its gonna be a good one.
Just won 100 being caller 12 for 's Workplace Payoff!
Thanks guys!
For doin it for fun, you're as dirty as it gets.
Ataris anyone?
OneTreeHill series finale  WE HAD A GREAT 9 years together !!
Never will forget you OR the series :/
Dope mix with P Locke!
Ill talent from Duval!
p.s.
that's one of those sentences where you could add a comma and make it completely hilarious  street lady
NOT  Freeze Me
that white only shit is obsolete.
I know the answer, but do u?
Andy Stanley this morning.
Wow...
West Room!
DETERMINED to finish before 11:00 so I can go to bed before the crack of dawn
news: I tried hot yoga for the 1st time Tues.
Dh joined me on Thurs.
we are both totally hooked!
Tonkin Parts Center  90 dogs and 50 hamburgers Hungry crowd!
Hey Kris Mineau  don't get any ideas you fucking pile of shit.
This isn't North Carolina.
right?
Look at that ring!
And he's sweet as can be, AND he knows how to stick up for his woman when she's upset.
Cookies  Milk , Yummy In my Tummy aha
Extremely tired after a GREAT weekend!!!
Filmed my brother's amazing pilot, Poetri In Motion.
How can u judge me if u don't even know the real me?!?
Confused!
If you need any help using TaskStream, please do not hesitate to contact us at 800.311.5656.
everyone wants to see because they're cute.
And play good
fer seemed to pull it together  for once try 2 stay on course  let the other guy implode.
that's huge  s/b confidence boost.
Pouring one out for my homegirl
Can You Can You Follow My New Page :?
Watching criminal minds and all my power goes out and the house phone keeps ringing
ouch!
packer game tied
RT Time is running out, hurry up to sign up for my new clinic: Myofascial release and fitness all in one!
B.Y.O.Grid
Stoked on tonight.
You all gota come hang tonight
is now following
what about sidekick?
sunday crusing with the fam, oldies on blast.
takes me way back.
Well she can't do to stop me.
But I had to pay for everything myself, which sucked, but I did it
Had a great workout today!!
:
Spent the day at Storm King, wonderful weather for outdoor sculpture.
thanks again for all the birthday wishes
Mad booty
Wow...
Interviewed him many times.
Had no idea he and his wife were in such pain.
What a sad story.
Hope his family is coping.
Just enjoyed a Wonderful Chipotle burritos lunch w/my Lovey on top of the World!!!
We takin over...
415!!
Just changed my avi to the WackAss Lakers colors
PLEASE LET AUSTIN STAY HOME TODAY ;
What are those ?
it was sincere.
coltons not so much
GOP Strategy Meeting: Men, we can't win on policy so here's the message.
Obama is a Black, Gay, Muslim Socialist.
Sell it!
Do you think that women are recruited more?
Or just the type of recruitment?
Revolutionary Cleaning has proven itself as the go to carpet cleaning service throughout the state of Florida for the past 3 years.
I love snickerdoodle cookies.
happy thanksgiving!
damn, last bourbon  bacon was in July
couldn't have said it any better.
lolol yeah maybe:
Haha thank you so much.
For everything.
I hope so.
I totally need to get one of those for a day.
So sad!RT : Fox News confirms that Monkees Lead Singer Davy Jones is dead at 66.
I'm done with basketball for right now, time for Scandal 
So what was the point of him throwing chili on ?
with a few hundoctord of my closest friends
Thx for a great event yesterday.
Topnotch dealers and very well run.
Tomorrows Friday!
Is there an earth cam in lex ?
Months.
.MAY..MOVE ..MORE ..MONEY ..MOST MONEY.....MAKE ..MORE ...MozZy wiT.
The M's
meh, there are better voices out there.
Granted, he has his own unique tone, but there are better ones.
fml..
this is what happens when you nap too much during the day..
nothing left for the night.
.
Keep calm and hang on 
I forgot how delicious lunchbox shots are.
thanks gurl, we'll need it!!
ty and much respect back to you.
First by the brotherhood of blues we belong to, second by 2/5ths of M.E.named Scott!!!
Wishing everyone a happy and safe New Years!
That said, what was your favorite movie of 2011?
Imma hit the sack yall!!
: Goodnight!
Kip Moore  Something 'bout a truck
Aww man thats like one of my favorite spots
In exams, we look up for inspiration, down for desperation, left and right for information
PREACH THE GOOD NEWS OF THE KINGDOM OF GOD Are you ready for God to get in your boatto late!
He is already in amen.
Sir Court
Finally off the train!!!!!
sold another home in Buffalo Grove!
if you want yours sold too I am an Expert
Never let a guy define who you are or what your worth
n I was blasted so I was like uh lol
A2: Bounce rate and time on site is huge.
If people don't find what they need, they leave!
Lacking people to trust?
With a fatal swoop, there's no one.
yea we are doing ok.
going up to lousie to eat.
i bet you work today huhn
Damn..that was a close one.
...
almost didn't make it there my friend lol
Breakfast with the one and only,
18 years of documentaries and news stories accumulated.
They're not guilty.
Ima listen to music until I fall asleep.
Congrats to and for your huge Temple Run success!
Well deserved.
Imagine a world where EDUCATION was celebrated as much as
Milwaukee loses to El Paso, Texas, as the host site for a national social media convention.
Milwaukee is the alternate site.
YES!
it is!
I want more but I'm so full :
GOING TO MIAMI OR BEEN TO MIAMI IN 2012?
THEN LIKE THIS PAGE, IT'S FOR YOU!
:D
I fuckin love the arkham city demo...
The way batman fights is so awesome...so fluid haha
In a session
On this day remember that there is an invisible enemy whose ultimate goal is to keep you complacent and blissfully unaware.
Average association spends only 4.1 of budget on technology.
La la la la, la la la la Elmo's World.
Cleopatra needs your help!
We will be at dtla City Hall this Friday at 10am and we need as many supporters as possible.
DM me for details.
np the used.
You have an idea for the release date yet?
RT : The Mixtape is titled SonOfAGun like the show...
Thanks for checking out the trailer  thank you for recommending it.
You two are both awesome!
ewww its raining!!!!!
:P
Just booked a role in Talyor Hackford's film Parker staring Jason Statham and Jennifer Lopez.
Nice to be workin' again!
wa it's really been freaking long: Ima dm you!!
running 5 miles and biking 4 never felt so good especially with my training buddy half marathon here we come.
haha oh yea that's right.
Your like 5 hours ahead of me
yeah I'm not sure how soon it's gonna be bc she wants me to help he with the yard work, so I may be getting my tan here 
Player to be named later.
He could be included in a current trade, but have the Brewers wait to announce their half of it.
You don't make sense :P and way to text me back, dork.
bad boy new artist of the year signed.
Woohoo...just topped 1000 fans!
Thank you thank you everyone...
RT : Kick ass party with this Friday at  evening's soundtrack courtesy
Lawlz or nobody answer me
OMG Just Got Back From The Fair!
I Was There From 4:30 Too Now.
I Feel Sick 
cool.
we're getting an imac for the office and might need to upgrade the RAM so I am looking into resources.
and I rocked the RAW Showcase last night.
Inlush designs are amazing and Biviana is so sweet!!!!!
Hope to be invited again
: uqh i hate when i eat all of somethinq then dont have no more of it  lbs you big 
there are free Metro reflector slapbracelets available!!!!
We must find some
is getting ready to stay at The Disneyland Hotel for the next five days!
RIP Junior
Just learned former NY Mayor Rudy Giuliani will endorse Tommy Thompson at a presser in Mke tomorrow, according to a source
Lots of fog this morning  have a safe commute Seattleites!
Tucker Max not Ticker Max, but I left that on.
What a pun.
Blow your ticker on Tucker!
I was thinking about how I would dance to Britney Spears for my tryout I got so weak thinking about everyone elses too!
Lmbo.
Salt Lake City....
Here we come:
Cause just like the clouds my eyes will do the same if you walk away every day it will rain, rain, raaaaaaain.
I wonder if they sent Ortiz to the showers up 71?
It's our last SAAA meeting before summer break!
Follow as I live tweet talks by local archaeologists Chuck Meide !
I like teachers that allow me to use my iPod during class..
keeps pointing his remote out the window pushing the fastforward button but spring isn't getting here any faster.
Considering filtering all mail with the word webinar directly to trash.
I have no interest in listening to sales reps doctorne on for 30 min
The President knows where to go to get the youth vote:
'Abdu'lBahá is at Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, West 104th St., to talk to the International Peace Forum.
mainnee, when i'm bored i do some pretty stupidd shit lol
so host it yourself with ddns and transfer the domain.
Problem solved :
Been in bed all day, sick as fuck
Oh my goodness gracious...
LovesIt!!!!!!
2more dayz twitches we bout to clown tomorrow is a full day of pampering o can't wait!
The secret of getting started is breaking complex overwhelming tasks into small managable tasks,and then starting on the first one.M.Twain
Only 22 DI Athletic Departments were professortable last year.
Alabama raked in a 31.1 Million professort.
My account is trippin SERIOUS BALLS :o
I need a girlfriend..
starts crying :
thingsithinkofonadailybasis this needs bacon
I mentioned yesterday that Cubs are last in MLB with 5 home runs...also last in majors with ONE save
Those are the eyes I want my future wife to have, clueless.
lunch is in 53 min, which means the day will be almost 1/2 done...hey who's counting?
It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women.
Louisa May Alcott
can't wait for a
hey sorry i didn't follow you before lol, but hey and follow me back :
I hear ya.
Good luck bro
Thanks to everyone who came out to finn mccool's last night.
We had a blast.
Going to be there again next thursday!
See you there!
Yes sir and the crowd is moving tonight!
having fun making an animated image!
Good morning, all.
Hope you're having a good start to your weekend.
Mine is rainy this morning, which is nice too.
Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man
see you on September 10 Fort Jackson Sc
Had a great session today with getting them vocals knocked out : www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
RT : nice to see u sticking around town for the weekend!
Enjoy the sights sounds of da SD!
agreed.
Long way to go
I followed her now follow me plz
Avengers was amazing!!
OMG!!
Wow BullsFam that was bad!!
They just have to bounce back and get their defense in order for game 3 on Friday!
Boggle, I don't think we sell that here.
Digital  Physical workplace  Phygital Workplace  Ken Young ,HOK
A HARD MAN is good to find : wanna get ripped for summer?
check out my boy .
He' s a mad genius
I was looking for things to make for a friend's birthday until I was told peanut butter and nuts are out.
BO.
19,000 tweets.
Someone murder me.
RIGHT NOW.
Can I please just be 18 already and moove out of this fucking place!
MauTo10k go follow him he's hot 
i need some money boa .
Maybe we should see if England will take us back.
Its obvious that we can't govern ourselves anymore.
First there is a mountain, then there is no mountain, then there is
What if I dislike my city?
Is there a way to start ALL over from the beginning?
I didn't know how to play at first...HELP!
Finding out the day before that I have matching camp tomorrow.
Hasn't snowed much but there was a bag floating through my backyard which was almost as beautiful.
We all have a front row seat to life let's fully enjoy our tickets
its ok lol
My libraryschool anonymity is gone forever!
Hooray!
How do you teach passion?
How do we join your organization?
Hey !
Thanks for the RT!
This business has the RickyBobby Seal of Approval!
UniqueBride in Burlingame is having a liquidation on Bridal Gowns, party doctorsses, bridal accessories and more.
got great deals yesterday!
Ewwww, Max and Ruby is on.
I didn't make u fall it aint my fault......lol.
Thank you!
As far as I am concerned, you are all mothers.
Have a great day tomorrow.
And every day after that.
Someone once said to me, Your too pretty to be single.
I said, No, Im to pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with
wish he would wake up 
Derrick Rose choking on a free throw and Chalmers winning the battle, I think I've seen this somewhere before...
ShitNewOrleansGirlsSay I got dat trade or I got dat sponsor !!!
RT : lol I need to get my social life back
lol you make a valid point
YOTM WE R N DA BUILDING
Settling in for a romantic valentines day at the game.
Deadline calling APOLLO 18 acclaimed is the funniest joke I've heard all day.
lmfaoooo, funny but gross : That awkward moment when Bella has her period and Edward uses her tampons as tea bags.
Oh god bless you Billy Crystal.
Finally they brought the perfect host back
ugly too
Congrats to CNNDialogues partner on a job well done!!
Inspiring message and able to implement ASAP!
It's my reading for AAS219.
I'll just hand it over when I'm back/done.
Hitting the big city of Charleston today.
Baby oh baby we hit these free throws and its over!
Clipper Nation rise up!
Remember when we beat the shit out of Lebron.
That was fun.
Dear Google Books: of all the pages you should display for free, one should be the publisher info.
Next, the table of contents.
Thanks.
That's good
alright well thanks for tellin me..
See ya tomoorow
Contact us to see how your gambling efforts can get your room comped in the future!
Am I the only one that doesn't see the humor in this Dixon roast?
It's embarrassing and a statement on Baltimore's cronyism.
You are awesomely beautiful.
Just finished presenting to our board of trustees.
Now for some much needed down time.
So glad to be rid of that pesky sunshine.
not really surprised.
The proof is in the pudding!
Everyone should pick up a copy of the issue of Coming soon!!
Also stay tuned for tickets to their Splashion event.
Howlin for you is the opener.
Crowd into it.
why would i get madd ?
Multigrain bread from the Breadsmith covered in Smart Balance Creamy peanut butter...lights out...great snack
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 58
on avail for comcast commercial!!!
fingers crossed x
You have a great week too!
Yes!
I love it here.
Was born here so this is home.
Great Westside Family Easter Event is tomorrow.
Eggs, bunnies, prizes for mom  dad.
Maybe even some sunshine.
Don't miss it!
www.kuik.com
follow and please :D x42
Medeco  10th  final question: What is the purpose of the groves/bands located at the upper portion of a Medeco bottom pin?
So much to do...
So little time
Amen, brother!
Doing it for popularity is a bad idea, too.
Since the first checkin at SXSW Badge Pickup on Thursday, over 5,000 people have checked in 100,000 times in Downtown Austin.
/via
I serve no one...before his time
...loud talking, then?
Get it
At Shedd Aquarium!
Do not think he played point guard in the Hockomock League which started this thread
Thx for the RT guys!
Have a great show Fri!!
BOOM.
REGISTERED FOR MINECON
Read it, not that convinced, but interesting nonetheless
It was really yummy!
I tried the doctor Greek with no feta or olives and I added chicken.
Yummy in my tummy!
370 cals
My head is killin me : damn mayB it kum from thinkin about Young Nina
I have not heard from to know either.
me too: every time he tweets it makes me sad on the inside just a little bit..
Its hot in here!
.
haha, that's awesome
help my friend plz
ha  we all have been to that place!
There's a meetup that my company is hosting in May on Cloud Computing, would you be interested?
TOMORROW!
IUSUW meeting at 6:30 in BH233!!
Put it on your calendar!
Can't wait to see you there!!
LOL No kidding!
Speaking of which, I cannot believe he graded it credit/no credit, which was probably in everyone's favor!
We Just Launched a New Site: www.actorsintensive.com Inperson and online coaching sessions available.
email me:
It's a feature not a bug.
;
...maybe ill do something weird with it and enter it in specialty if its too smokey.
not sure about the meeting yet.
Lets make a Declaration that the Generational Curses in our life Shall Be Broken off in Jesus name.
Why would I need you when I have food??
Trying some American made vodka tonight from Minneapolis very smooth
Hope yu guys Kill it out their..!!!!!
Wish 2 actually c yu guys in person 1 day!!
Well Good Luck
Fuck Robin playing OF in no doubles set with no outs.
I can understand w/ man on 1st, but Cabrera only got on on blooper.
Bull shit.
Best viewer correction today: Baby rabbits are commonly called kits.
Baby hares are called leverets.
IADMIT that i'm single but i will stay single if i have to
Looking for a social mediaheavy marketing gig for a west MI arts organization?
Great organization sweet job.
Let us know.
The clock runs out in the second with the Amerks still looking for their first goal.
Marlies lead 20.
SOG: 2320
Crowd at capitol estimated at 62,000
doctor.
Wallace Stevens was insurance in Hartford.
I heard Nolan fixed that.
I remember the first trailer where he escapes from the plane, I couldn't understand him
ATTENTION ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS FOLLOW MY HOMIE ....ONE COOL ASS DUDE XOXO
u price for the nite
Everything is set for the January 2012 New Year's Resolution Cleanse.
Info  www.21daypurificationprogram.com
I'm a materialist.
:
when is wordcamp baltimore?
: Happy National Siblings Day
RT : Amy Richards: As much as there is a war on women, there is a culture of protection of masculinity.
not sure which one but when you get time check me out on my page www.reverbnation.com/jewallep tell me what you think.
you bet it does it quadoctorpled my Facebook requests!
Go figure....
makes user experience better.
And for most users that alienates them from using computers creatively.
Yay!
Of course, Sarah!
Young Loving it tonight?
this is real this is me
Subject matter experts don't know everything, they're just experienced people committed to seeking new knowledge and exploring new ideas
I didnt know there was a game on
get paid!!!
Please if you find the video of him saying he's bi tweet it!
My friend  I have been trying to convince stupid ppl this!
;
Hey Quentin!!
Hope you are having a great day!!
Thanks for the follow!!
I'm going to kill twitter!!!!
If you're gonna make a hybrid car, don't make it look like an ugly spaceship.

will Stonum be back next year?
Beginning in the womb, the fatty acids that fish oil provides assist with brain development.
No, I was planning to embed on a bus but alas, schedulewise it won't work.
So no SXSWi or StartupBus for me this yr.
But TY!!
God is Infinitely great and Jesus is infinitely worthy
Two parties, two exams, and 544 miles later.
I think its time to take a nap.
thanks for ff!
have a good Rangers weekend!
The ideal Parisian hotel is like a macaronsmall, colorful, and bursting with individual flavor.
Travel  Leisure mag, 4/2012
He was extremely informative on all aspects of the 2 models we were specifically interested in.
We test doctorve both models and he was so...
watching the movie avatar makes me wanna become a blue person: serioucly sounds like a good life
gorggggggggg  I die.
Absolutely love catchachevy at
I have no job, haha no future to worry about at this point
looks really cool like you about to reach me!!
O
Just got home from work, and get to be back in 8 hours.
Oh clopens how I love you.
Hey girl, I have a question for ya!
I'm trying to take a picture of my nieces...One has a purple doctorss, other one a red doctorss...
Excuse me?!
You couldn't be more wrong..
I will never hate him.
Read about Natural Weight Loss Remedies also read about Diabetes herbal Remedy and Weight Loss Herbs
Here's to the Mahomies who still have to buy plane/concert tickets just to see their boyfriend.
All rising seniors vote for for senior class secretary.
She's the real deal.
your welcome :D 3
don't forget to wish a happy happy birthday!!
Saw that rstats 2.15 just came out.
Not as many new sugary features as 2.14 but it's good to see it moving forward at a fast pace.
Buffalo Chicken Dip Recipe This easy buffalo chicken dip recipe has all the great flavors of Buffalo wings in an easytomake dip.
This d
I took the advice a friend gave me and helped someone else with it.
Too bad i'll never use it.
Omg I need a new phone before I go crazy !
Its almost 5 and I havnt gotten out of bed yet.
Thanks a lot, hoped some of our tips helped out.
Be sure to friend us on Facebook as well so you catch our links  resources.
I cant wait untill WeStandofficialVideo friday ft I hope this video will make a big change
Lol i have a question for you sir.
At some point today could you get me the liberty pass using your internet at home?
I heard 1D might have to change their name.
:o
Gotye  Somebody That I Used To Know  official video
Shout to all of BBN, we broke the record number of visits on our website for 1 day.
Thanks to all of our followers.
Go Cats!
Just got done eatin taco bell : pizza ;my stomach gone be fuck up.
Seafood to dang
I'm ready to hear the Jayz X Kanye West watch the throne!Anyone else ready?
RT : Never bend your head.
Always hold it high.
Look the world straight in the eye.
Helen Keller
Lol that didn't last long.
The best way to showyourheart is to write a love poem and slip it under her door.
Faith will produce when God is lord:
thanks so much Brad!
its all been done and its all been said.
Felt like a little kid on Xmas when my Hyperwear weight vests/sandbells arrived yesterday Thx 2 4 showing me these GREAT products
Getting ready to head swimming I wonder were is?
You're a great people herder!
You're cute so that helps!
IT'S LIKE POETRY IN MOTION!
I got fuckin Mario cart at my house lmao same game different house haha
Was sorry to hear about Steve Jobs, but so grateful for his impact on our lives.
Buttecup and Creme' are starting to show ,I do believe !!
hi lady S!
how are you?
Stop saying Web 2.0 and calling yourself a Guru.
Both are essentially meaningless.
If I had to choose only one font to use the rest of my life it would be DIN.
Is it based on the golden proportion?
Yesterday is a kid in the corner.
Success is not about building a large organization thanks,  bmorefail
good times  good memories of someone or with someone are hard to let go period...
idc what nobody says
Does anyone know of any Great french toast recipes?
I know its very simple...
but Im trying to find some interesting twists :
After 10 yrs  leading edge, validation I am right on with weight train for neurological training for recovery.
clinical trial New Orleans
What Bats game you watch?
RT : 3 W day!!
I know a few things to make u smile..
You killed it!
Absolutely!
When that might be is another story.
Can't do my schedule until I get IGS booth schedule done.
I just started The Ivy this morning!
More fun now that I am in Boston and actually run into Harvard students from time to time...
ok cleaned up now reading
Song dedicated to you called OCHO CINCO You are on the same album as Grammy Winner !www.thecincybrassmusic.com
i'm not beautiful!
i don't like me :/ but thank you my sweetie : 
Can someone please give me a shout out?
I follow back:
Mmnnnn.
What kind of brownies tho?
i end up buying it all.
cant get it together
I just finished a bowl of cereal here.
: RT : Did someone say breakfast?
first of all , dead at your avi .
and sure loool
Probably a way to tax walking MT once covered a bill to make walking the Md state exercise.
Ehrlich vetoed, O'Malley signed
we need a day off!
i'm going saturday in new jersey!
Just got my new dumb phone.
Receiving calls and texts again but lost my contacts
Add this to it  44 minutes ago from UberTwitter is when I read the post!
Thanks for the FB Curie :
so glad to hear that!!!
send us a pic of your uggs next time you get them on  cant wait to see!
Mad Men!
Great way to spend vacation.
Only cool gaga fan I follow ;
henrycome be on the 1 show in detroit!
please: we'd love to have you!
lmaoo for reals fuck a book im gona come out w a video
Senior Year
Wouldn't you know it?
In the 20 mins.
since I posted my new blogs, the Santorum BJ pic gets 27 hits, the Gene Vincent blog 7 hits!
Smh....
HAHA they are.
Oh gahddd fine fine fine.
Hey guys, we're doctorving around Vegas passing out free CDs.
Let us know if you want one or just say hey!
:D
do u hate me
looking up piano music and printing it.
for now my goal is a song a week.
we will see how that goes.
I swear I wanna say how I really feel but it just dont seem worth it...smh
But a solid OhHi to the 39.
RT : Ugh to North Carolina.
I don't think has used one yet.
Jim is whitening his smile right now when is it your turn?
I spent 80 today.
:/
This old man is weird

Michael Buble concert
10 yrs ago Impact meant physical services.
21st Century Problems require intentional use of information/digital tools to improve lives.
Isn't this a holiday for you?
HAPPY 57TH BIRTHDAY ALLEN FIELDHOUSE!!
JAYHAWK NATION LOVES YOU!!!
I've been reporting about 5 spambots every couple of hours
Interesting in raising money for SEA and Eastside groups and charities?
We may have the answer..
Email Subj Charity
Where are you having your New Years brunch at?
I'm surprised u notice me from inside the bus.!33 i needa tell u something check ur inbox after u read dis.:
You tweeted a photo!
I'm so proud!
The Princess and the Frog is on  yay 
This Grape/Mustache combination is working out really well.
Template ALL the APIs.
Thank You
Paid Sales Internship.
Come in, 8:30 on Monday, if you're good you'll be selling by 9 am.
Interested?
I went to the unenjoyment office today and they said 2 weeks until my next check?
I wonder if Kappy's will spot me a 30 pack of PBR Suds:
What are your 2 cents?
Humoring during Lance Dublin's keynote
We pretty girls were placed on this Earth to have a good time!
And those who say other wise!!
Well....
They simply don't matter!
ediscovery is a specialty just as antitrust...
you can't dabble in it.
You wouldn't have your GP do brain surgery!
per BM
Beautiful afternoon to leave work early and go home to the farm!
fort sanders fest
To the dick that got the 'Small Wonder' theme song stuck in my head at 7am: can't wait to piss on your grave!
it's a contract thing, expiring at the end of the month as well as having a very old phone.
How long to wait for this year's?
I hope we get to
I'm leaving your ass .
Helping to heal.
Brrr  its cold out!
Come in and grab a cup!
if there's one place I can always go to find a friend, it's there
I have 5 tickets for tonights Bucks game courtesy on The United States Marine Corp.
Late notice but Text me if you want them.
4147326681
Alright, I don't want to but I guess I'll give back its twitter page...
I had so much fun!
See you all next year!
Team tourism took home six PR awards at today's PRSA SE WI chapter Paragon Awards.
S/O to the new follower : Follow her!
If I were being tested today I truly failed.
The enemy popped up in the most unexpected circumstances.
Thanks for your support!
Have you stopped by the museum lately?
If so, what did you think?
If not, come on over!
Members park and tour for free, btw!
:
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there
We would love to invite you to bring the kids to the Red Carpet screening for SMITTYTHEMOVIE, a fun family rescue dog movie.
In 6 hours I have to go to work :
I'll never understand how you were able to just walk away from me when you supposedly loved me
On my way to school.
Hey, Troy, can you DM me your email?
Found a winner for the distinguished 1790 Depressing Life Award: Andoctorw Jackson, 6 Childoctorn, 1 Room, Poor, Sells Garden Seeds at Market.
how..
u never have before!
lol.
Merry Christmas everybody!!!
Love to all, ho ho ho!
Dog lost on Greenway trail is safe and sound at home!
Amazing gig at Gilt Bar with  We had a great crowd.
Thanks to all who came out!
girl hand me my scissors you kno how i do!!!
Fool me once...
: I heard two words on the MSM news that should not have been in the same sentence..JP Morgan and Bailout
my dog snores really loud.
Haha
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 93
And the award for Most Adorbs Actor goes to...Jason Segel.
Love love.
do nothing for millions!!
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit.
MT : When I see a twitter bio that says Opinions expressed are mine alone, I think, That guy must have some unique opinions.
hey michael, sent you an invite, did you get?
First films are something we've come to appreciate here.
A solid recommendation for anybody out there is Polanksi's A KNIFE IN THE WATER.
Thanks for the retweet the other day!
can u please give hugs to leonard hugs for me and tell him to activate his twitter!!!!!!!
Lol i love him
if you're not in my circle, you're a square
aw yay im happy to hear that :D
thevoice plus left over cake batter is a great combo!!!
Those Rothko cookies are fantastic!
Cavs looking flat and stagnant tonight thus far they don't have it I hope that they find it at halftime
thanks for sharing these.
it's nice to see how things are coming along...
If we could see the wonder of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
psh as if anyone/anything could keep someone away from Sammy.
ratpacklove Although whatever happened to 'bros first'?
ouch
Thanks!
just sent out the logins and already a dozen new students online.
Here we go!
Congrats to our friends at for acquiring and protecting the
Hey bar singer...stick to covers.
You lost the room
RIP Grandad, I will NEVER forget you.
And I will ALWAYS love you.
I miss you.
3
What One Direction has given me: Tears, sexual frustration, dead ovaries, tears, happiness and a family I call the Directioners.
now everyone realizes how awesome high school was after they've shit on it the past few months.
Student jobs?
Yes on campus, w/ area families or w/ nonprofessorts.
1012 hr/week is good.
Being a student is a full time job!
It really gets you, doesn't it!?
The audio book is AMAZING, too, Davina Porter is magical!
genuinely hates Wisconsin.
I'm watching TV and my parents are both on their laptops.
Funny to think how we would have to cope, say, 100 years ago without those things.
Phoenix is working its way into some heated weather.
It will be over 100 degrees by Saturday...
What's the summer gonna be like...
Happy to help!
Hope to get that resolved for you soon.
Every kiss begins with Belgian chocolate.
Galler, Leoonidas, Neuhaus and Nirvana on Chocolate Library shelves now.
111 St.
Marks Place
Jeal!
Let me know how they are I'm sure fucking phenomenal.
where in LA are u?!
You know where I'm from?
Parts unknown....Parts UNKNOWN!
Not a fan of Kentucky but this team is FUN to watch.
Tenacious defense being played by both squads.
Nothing coming easy around the basket.
All tied at 16 with 5:14 in the half.
: I feel like poop today!!!
U like getting pooped on!?
that's gross heath!?
What ever floats ur boat homie!?
Lmao...
Get out of my head.
2 run double by Ben Carl gives Memorial a 20 lead over Cy Woods as we move to the bottom of the 5th
Best fye2012 sessions for me today: Validation Theory w/John Pryor from HERI and High Impact Practices with UWGB.
What were yours?
tweetsnobodythoughttheydlivetosee RT Pirates tickets are spoken for.
Sorry folks.
but forgiveable if ur not misterLauber.i wonder what he recalls
We duped that dorm director.
Remember when Blaine was put on probation?
m you've got choices son!
rice krispies yum
RT : Anything y'all wanna know, listen to the album!
July 3rd!
Happy girls are the prettiest.
RT : I don't remember doing this before but right now I am watching NASCAR.
Daytona 500 at night is pretty cool.
Lakers need to get in the paint
Proclamation presented to Brigadire Jerry
what did you do?...lol
connect with me at .
After 25 years, 's University Place  Conference Center will close.
Find out what's next for the facility News at 10
Working on the new logo this week, should be released at the end of the week.
Email suggestions/ideas to .
my 16th birthday party
A little jealous of all of my industry friends who were at last night.
Wish I could have made it!
Getting my gardening gloves ready for tomorrow's volunteer stint at Waukesha Retzer Nature Center Cc:
some people think they are the only ones who can get mad.
btdubbbs love your tweets.3
Ohio State loses top recruit Alex Anzalone  Mansfield News Journal
90sproblems  When you call someone, the person has to figure out if the person youre calling is home
i cut a few funny moments in the film just for you, eddie ; thanks for your support  chico
thank you for following us, if anyone needs any assistance in finding a great place in Astoria we would like to know!
Only second loss in team history.
Season ends.
Merry Christmas, Twitter!
Sending love to all of our followers!
3
Hansen shows Recorded Future, corporate precog service that creates timeline of the future from social media sentiment.
There u go rose, get back in that groove
Have you told a friend to tell a friend about the Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant 2012??
This sweet cream has been reconstituted into Parkay.
Ever have a customer bake you a pie and bring it in to work for you!?
Thats how our customers take care of our staff!
Nice work, Ty!
Was it blackandwhite or one of them newfangled color TV's?
Ima start a riot, ima start a riot!!
Not yet.
I'm working on a theme right now.
Launching in May.
Mens' grooming.
SXers, we r closed 2day, but open at 7 am tmister/Mon, right on campus, to clean all your rainsoaked clothes w/in 24 hours.
Come in!
CBS's Xfinity Monday Live guest tonight will be former Broncos AllPro Center Tom Nalen.
Come join us!
Tavern Downtown 6:307:00.
Thank you for the mention, Marine.
Have a great Thursday!
chillin bro when u tryin to do a track wit local nobodies
um.....coffee
A1: We raised awareness in NYC of our work on the Coney Island Carousel via social media.
Made friends, not 
Got that curling wand.
So stoked to try it out!!
I can relate!!!

I hear and I forget.
I see and I remember.
I do and I understand.
Confucius:  Have A Good Week!
THANKX for the follow ....
Baby it's cold outside
Oranges have an alkalizing effect on the body.
Why not start the day with a glass of orange juice?
Guess which sophomore at York has an iPhone game in the App Store?
An idea who's time has come!
RT : I remember joking a few years ago about wanting an upgrade doctorpal core button.
they were 20x even better live!!
I'm tired...
too tired to get my ass off the couch, walk upstairs, and climb into bed.
And that's just sad.
Thunder got this 
and congrats on Ur first ETF show
Its how I will not delete my twitter.
But I will delete my facebook in a hart beat

the government is very adept at throwing money at a problem resulting in negligible, nonexistent and/or negative results.
More married women join the cheating website Ashley Madison the day after Mother's Day than any other day.
So remind dad to appreciate mom.
living in Indiana....that's the only views you'll see.
To all the Heat fans that said Bosh doesn't make a difference on the team, I hope you're happy.
puts gun to head BANG!
Top Fam checkin' in...
you good?
Do not measure yourself against anyone else
Please stop that.
Thank you.
Too many great people died in the past 24 hours.
Sleeping pill tonight.
but thanks for chating.
Maybe I'll contact ya later for advice or a job.
But seriously thanks
Good move.
How could anybody be that stupid
Last night  this morning have been full of great people, beautiful women, and serious insights.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.Richard Bach
Great!
Thanks for offering to help at the event.
Would you DM me your email?
Thanks!!
Party tonight ;
Damn.
That's good.
Funny is funny on any platform.
EVP comedy central
no problem!
And thanks, it's Getting there
girl, is Hannah Rowan a sister of yours by chance?: g
Wishing a great opening in Houston tonight!
yea don't forget him  I know were we can take the 4 wheelers if Ur dad will let us
When I'm not playing music for bitches...
I listen to fuck up my radio!
pic of my florescent pink squirrel socks of power are on FB : just say'n
If you're hot and thirsty, your pet is too!
Give the little critters of the world...
WATER!!!
Saif, what is the latest in your home search?
Joe Colborne has three assists in three games for the Toronto Marlies
I'm trying to read it free but the only options I see are buy or wish list
Moved to new office  changed website  me not on twitter very much lately.
Still refining the changes...www.Angelarussell.com
broke my promise.
working now.
Free Penthouse stay, complimentary breakfast for two, evening cocktails on your own private terrace, butler service, and luxury...
that made my mouth water.
try to pair your visit with another activity or event besides just the game.
It's nice, but not same ambiance as reg.
games.
HEY USF STUDENTS Looking to make extra CASH ??
WE HAVE JOBS!
Msg us your email and well send you the details :D
beautiful snowy morning, sugar cookie sleigh ride herbal tea, Nat King Cole holiday Pandora station...
Now, that's the way to start a Friday
Mayn I'm on my last popsicle :
Mimi Kirk up next Interested to hear her live healthy tips!
:O I'm so freaking excited.
Great panel talking about 504's  schools w/ foodallergies.
Thinking about inclusion and emotions
This wknd w/friends was like a great 1st date.
I'm already thinking about next time  I can't wait to do it again.
Did you know that one of the most effective treatments for ADHD is regular exercise?
A healthy body promotes a healthy brain :
Way to look out for your sister and Happy Birthday Carpe Diem both of you!
Thanks to everyone who came out to day to celebrate our 60th anniversary.
There will be more food, fun and sale prices throughout the week.
I still have remnants of stage makeup on from last night.
Cant care...
Going to class.
RETWEET this Tweet to be entered into a doctorwing to win a FREE NIGHTS STAY at the SpringHill Suites Chicago River North!
They are on the way!
You and Max are too cute not to feature!
Heckuva good time at the Calvert City Gun Club with the Sportsmen for Edelen.
Shot well and enjoyed the company.
: RT : : RT : RT : RT : If you're so damn independent, eat your own pussy.
Joshua will be OK.
He doesn't need to win Idol to achieve great things.
Just look at
what haircolor..
btw its emmaly here..
my other account 
Why do I always feel like I am doing a lot, and yet never enough?
Guess that means I am on the right path, just need to change perspective.
everyone go wish happy birthday!
why is it every time I hear Newt speak I want to vote for him?
He would crush Obama in a debate
Badgers better step it up...
March madness is no joke
There have always been regional differences in both parties.
Sometimes it manifests itself more starkly, like 2012.
For every one amazing play like Javelle McGee just made, he will give up 3 just like it!
Ohio schools are 3 for 3 in the tourney so far.
Xavier will try to make it a perfect 4 if they beat ND tonite.
with :D
I know it's a little bit frighting, but we might as well be playing with lighting
Those shows are a waste of time and space and effort
Thanks for spreading the Love!
:
Taco Bell's new slogan is Live Mas.
Uh, not by eating there.
Bravo!
fantastic perf.
Last night to you and cast of Angels in A.
more life!
Yes, please.
Yeah it looks offical but why it dont jiggle
Work, games  fun w/ the gorgeous
Did we really schedule today's retreat meeting for 9am?
Am I really the only one who's awake?
I just want some icecream, is that so hard to ask for?
Sometimes it pays to get up early
Justin Faulk is DESTROYING the Worlds with his shot.
Beauty of goal on the PP.
USA leads 30 over Finland.
When I get ready to cry, God always ask me why?
Bitches lying on me
please follow she is you biggest fan!96
picture, please
Haha!!
Hell to the yeah....
Summer time!
made all 4 goals today at soccer today including one from midfield
Lol..
I meant your account?
Exciting Events this Summer include: Kentucky Derby Tourney  Party  Sieg Classic  HUGE Snake  Spooks Fireworks Display
The whole 'closer' title is an overrated one IMOregardless of the individualbasketball is a team game...
Why are people saying that there is a free show here in LA when its not even true?!
We can prob work something out 4 U.
No we do not have any affiliation with verifying twitter accounts.
Do you guys verify?
belated thanks for last week's
I have enough native american blood I really should not file for taxes
I have the best friends ever!
Wouldnt survive without them 3
tomorrow is the one month anniversary of when you graced Chicago with your prescence!
WeMissYou!
3
I gotta step it up 10x na
Most of his career was spent on IR!!!
RT : Former Colts S Bob Sanders is in Jacksonville, visiting Jags today.
doctoroling over eel skin shorts on  really starting to regret our Halal Guys/3 macaroon lunch.
i didn't realize i wasn't following u...
don't pretend to get all upset at my social media shortcomings.
DenverLAPB
FACT David Koch's father was a founding member of The John Birch Society  Scott Walker is more than happy to take Koch money!
Soldiers returning to school and adjusting to civilian life.
Don't know how to act
Otherwise it's like a bandaid on a hemorrhaging wound
ShadowUnit episode  yeah!
it's here!
Like reading Duke's POV  look forward to Day 2...
If he's dumb enough to walk away.
Be smart to let him go.
Plants vs.
Zombies...highly addictive and lots of fun 
yes please!
Wed?
The winner is: Good interview.
Your points are valid but once coaches condone it its an issue.
Check out the Freekshow website.
www.freekshowradio.com Click on the titles to hear some entertaining audio.
Explicit Language
20 More days till i leave :
that a fly car
she was being abusive with me  Mothering
especially considering she was buddy buddy w/ Carly yesterday!
Ahaha i dont blame you!
Same!
I want so much stuff but i have to wait so long to get the money for it D:
I'm sorry buddy, just seeing this now.
The killer isn't a cop, some neighborhood watch guy or something
I personally would buy a Sleeper Pick hair pick but y'know, whatever.
:
Who needs 20 babies?
Seriously.
god willing or not.
We miss the show!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 4 When ur friends don't give u support with anything in ur life
Crying i hate do it but this is a time were it feels right:/
Never be so focused on what you're looking for that you overlook the thing you actually find.
Ann Patchett
Ok, I'm calling it a night.
Any longer and I'll be forced to call it a morning.
UW Media Center now lends DVDs  VHS via InterLibrary Loan.
Come join us other ARL libraries, lend your media!
hey the sky is yellow  it's raining outside omg it's the prettiest thing.
Thank you very much for the RTs!
I appreciate it.
Happy Birthday Oreo!
They are 100!
On March 6, 1912, the National Biscuit Company sold its first Oreo sandwich cookies to a Hoboken grocer.
MSM would like us to doctorp the Mittens the Mormon bullying meme, it reminds them of their own nerd high school days, you know being bullyied
mister Cao Goes to Washington, then Life Without Principle I think.
Then done?
Really?
In 1902, anthracite coal miners in Pennsylvania went on strike.
The strike effectively ended in October 1902 with the appointment of an
Anyone have a suggestions for a decent HTML5 bundle for Textmate?
: no worries primo, I cuss like a fucking sailor!!!
;o likes to kiss sailors.
RT No, it's not too early to plan your food truck lunch.
Let us help:
Audio Junkie.
Didn't go to bed till 2 in the morning!!!!!!!
I FEELS YOU ON THAT .
Woke up way too early to go to the gym this morning.
Im exhausted!
naptime :
Delightful revelation of the morning: div idcontent formats text on screen!
Who knew?
Besides people who actually know code?
Really...Speaker of the House can't even applaud equal pay for BOTH men and woman?
heck yes!
Already setting my schedule!
The tool on ALA Connect is pretty cool.
Thank you.
RT It's linked now.
Sorry about that.
thank you for the best shrimp poboy I've ever had outside of New Orleans!
Money jokes are unfunny on every imaginable level.
Searching through stock photos; some of this stuff seriously baffles me, what you would ever use it for is beyond me
Good point, but after 70 years, I think the witches finally figured out how to cope with such an important necessity as water.
you look like someones auntie
hello hope you are well
plZzzzzzzzz follow me I luv u!!;
Disclaimer: my previous tweet is NOT referring to 1978 Best Actor nominee Gary Busey.
Thanks for the follow!
I love what you stand for!
Wishing you MuchSuccess!
doctorpline might just kill me today...
Hey !
Im the VP of Thanks for being a panelist last weekend for our workshop!
donate my carbon saddle back to me.
problem with compostible cups  are they composted?
Only a couple municipalities with organized urban composting
INSECURE MUTHAFUCKAS RUIN RELATIONSHIPS!
'baby too dark to be mine we only did it ONE time I cant have a male/female child REALLY?
Det hoe gone swallow for a follow
awwwh yeah!
mark's in first!
get it :D
Help trend MahomiesLoveAustinsCurlyHair ;
I was going to wait until I was in the mood, but I'm not in the mood to wait until I'm in the mood.
Brandon Weeden is making this look to easy
yeah I realized after I sent that lol least its on th radio :
did u listen to her the entire time?
And is her 1st performance online?
glad you like it!
youknowyoareaustralianwhen We never get rid of the sheep jokes any more than we will get rid of the Kiwi jokes about IQ levels in Australia
I got u ma
Terrible towels are now wet with tears.
Feels strange to have moved to reviewer role in faculty retention process.
Yo Chicago  one of our favorite bands, plays Pancho's at 9 tonight.
Be there.
damn I don't recall any of the this action!
hmm im starting to worry cuz this is really strange:o
Ready to hit the thrift store.
I need a trench coat that says diva.
who are you calling a chump, Fag?
:
Might explain why I've felt off.
before buying, figure out how the device meets your needs.
I wanted to be able to read, light browse, email and FB.
What a pretty tree...
im gonna hug it.
:
Feel the Rush!
Tonight all 80's  90's music at Rush.
80 cent doctornks till 11pm.
Don't those kinds of gourds have to be naturally grown?
I wouldn't think synthetic molds would be allowed.
But what do I know.
Please keep us informed about Mike..
Our Enterprise Development team will give a Brown Bag presentation today, covering core approaches and methodologies of this practice area.
Last night was shameless
Gary Oldman siriusly needs to win an Oscar tonight!
from a mahomiee to another will u please dm austin to ffollow mee it is my life long doctoram ide do anything for this please 
disregard my last tweet!
lol I'm done I'm done
Oh.
Awesome.
A gift card.
It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
Just landed another role for a short film
Just visited beyond baroque and SPARC anyone interested in art in losangeles should check them out
Why are stress and fatigue considered dangers in police work?
Thank you!
REMEMBER, the breath says YES to the moment.
It is essential to keep your breath flowing slowly and consciously.
only McDaniels gives up on high 2nd rounders after the 1st year
How do you tell a good monster from a bad one?
If it's a good one you will be able to talk about it later!
Include Marketing as a stakeholder in social media policy development.
I'd have put you on Red or Phaedoctor
Just seen ol girl thts worth my while
Your good deeds cannot save you!
Good ppl dont go 2 Heaven, redeemed ppl do!
There's ONLY 1 WAY  its 2 b born again thru the blood of Jesus
swim you wont
Going to the Movies!!
All set for AFL Picks to Click.
thanks for the message.
Sundays 79, 95.9 fm, call or message anytime
Xspo Got 280 Likes On His Page.
Lets Help Him Reach 300 Today.
Max doubts me :
AMAZING!
Congratulations  there will be so much good done!
30 for test 50 with written part
has her first massage this afternoon  is totally not looking forward to it.
I don't like strangers touching me.
well then happy tears good for u well not the sick part r u feeling better?
Too many of the wrong things are glorified in the world.
Locked in clocked always on never off fighting from the bottom trying to get to the top the underdog will win one day
Forget Star Wars Day, I can't wait for May Schwartz so we can celebrate Space Balls Day.
If your mom has been doing such a GREAT job, WHY do we have potholes?
oh yeeaaaahhh  he thinks am retarded lol and then he comes home with tomato sauce.
wen i said 3 cheese haha
Have you heard ???
Now on WBEZ  I am an instant fan!!
I know what I'm taking into the field this summer...
Nope.
Stop.
Hiya Meghan!!
I know!
And a lot of the information is old
I don't know just being with my dad sometimes can put me in a good mood, or complete opposite.
thank you!
All Hip Hop Fans ....
Go N Follow ....
They Are doctorppin There Mixtape 222012 Can't Wait
About time
your welcome : xx
By now I have more than replaced all of that,because,4 example,a fan will give me something from 1967.It adds up over the years
Awareness exceeds innocence.
Affinity between avantgarde and capitalism as invested in constant and continued innovationMary Ann Doane
im so doctornk right now i cant even unlock the front door to my house!
Watching football
good night :
wow!
I like that!
OK!
Is there a time that works best?
I hope I haven't either, but there are some people who do this on a very regular basis.
It's like friend repellent.
Only NFL can generate buzz based on who wins cover of a video game.
Based on Madden curse, not sure if I should congratulate Megatron.
Young man, do you think you can handle a variety of work?
I ought to be able to.
I've had 12 different jobs in four months.
Get your fanny to the beach or to the Sandshaker tonight at 10:45 pm to see Brett Eldoctordge !
Elvis Presley was obsessed with brushing his teeth
Sorry to hear that bro
well u should've stayed ur butt sleep then!
;
DYK?
Tina AllenSculptor and painter, and the Thurgood Marshall Lifetime Achievement Award is a member of DST..
I mean, if u want but idk what we Finna do
I just submitted the video for Bad Hair Day!!!
Thank you so much!
Hoping for some positive feedback!
idea 4 a new Bachelor Padstyle reality show : Heavy Petting Zoo
Shooter  shared from my Sony iPhone remote app
Thanks for the follow, Your new video These Days are gone is excellent.
Sounds like Uncle Tupelo meets the Pistons.
ha!
But he does have a soft spot for cranky journalists ;
They say love is the key somebody change the lock well and I wish I never met ya I heard your doin you  you heard im doin better lil wayne
Start on paper; create an effective campaign!
When something or someone is no longer adding to your life, but subtracting from itits time to let go.
FINALLY...we acknowledge that our brothers and sisters are worse off then any other race or ethnicity.
It's been hotter then july, word; what professorts a man if he gains the world and is himself lost or destroyed ?
The funny thing just happened.
My Lily is so cute.
But she sneezed and pooped her pants while we were walking around melrose
Redneck optimism: Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
bottom line is it's your money.
Up to you to decide if that's the best way to use it.
Incredible realism!
except wisconsin.
but then again wisconsin doesn't have pros.
when's the last time you heard about the NBA superstar from wisconsin?
TO DAY IS OCTOBER 22 AND JUNE 28 IS INTERNATIONAL CAPS LOCK DAY!!!
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day.
Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
If God is on my side, who can be against me?
Romans 8:31 TLB
Unless its your seeing eye dog RT There's no reason whatsoever for you to be doctorving with a stupid looking dog in your lap.
Seems limiting!
New Tweeters/followers from diff.
industries might not see them as much.
I predict 17 more zipper Tweets today!
:
Last exam tonight until after spring break.
thanks for bringing everyone together and inviting me last night!
Plus for having and connect.
Safe travels!
Hi Tay.
I stay at Pan Pacific all the time  love it.
I were talking about you.
the girl part.
pls tweet from cni!
i'll be v interested to hear abt it.
Awesome team meeting in Mukilteo, those are going to be weekly from now on!
Meeting in Kirkland with a colleague.
Love networking!
:
glad you like.
i have an EP coming out Febish.
check back..
its my mom but i dont kow why it says her name cause its my email and account
A very Happy Mother's Day from all of us at Purple Cafe, Lot No.
3, and Barrio!
Hope all the Mom's and Grandma's are enjoying the sunshine!

I enjoyed your tweet on monitoring your brand.
Good stuff.
For our Loyal/New Clients.
Receive a Travel size tube of Aveda Hand Relief when you Check in with us at Connection Salon!!!
School is almost over and I am getting lazy.
My twitter is really messed up restarting???
nyapd f2fconf artsed pd for arts educators should NOT be closed ended and should NOT take people out of their comfort zone
14 days until the unveiling of Team Hoyts commemorative painting..Purchase 1 of 300 signed lithographs.
Contact 299.
Revisiting.
In the works right now  the final cut of Distortion.
I hate getting into fights with you...
Ha!
FL and NM are both my home territory!
There used to be a Bert Reynolds Dinner Theater in Jupiter.
He's a FL boy.
We're looking forward to it!
I hope we carve out some time to make those friendship bracelets...
Swaaaaggggg !
And yeah Ima get you a ticket !
Good to hear you had a great team.
Makes all the difference.
Fun weekend of bday and other celebrations planned.
I'm heading to upceamktg it'll be my first time in Vegas so I'd def love to hear some ideas of things to do!
Holy moly you are fast on the retweet!
lol
Thanks.
Live the pix
My body feels so sore ..
Ha, yes officer.
The toughest part of getting to the top of the ladder, is getting through the crowd at the bottom.
Anonymous
Aslan is on the move.
Believe it.
His Kingdom is coming.
ya so far i'm havin a great time being single kz i get to hang out with my new friends  i dont have to worry about anything
FamilyFriendly Honda CRV Narrowly Outpoints Mazda CX5 in ...
is great as Alice, she really brought Stephanie's character alive
aasl11 in the learning commons formspring  you can ask questions anonymously
Early bird reg for this year's sdp2p event ends Sept.
13.
To take advantage, register at www.pathsreg.org.
Still sounds like they need some time to get everything up and running, don't they?
This lady came out with jello shots and straight up ignored me after i asked for one, what a bitch :I
Tatoo appointment with Fatty himself set for 4 pm.
Nice.
oh god that's precious.
I Told Yu I'll Hold To Hand lop
Nicely done, Jeff.
Seriously THEY KISS THE CHICKENS.
Hm I see...it was that booty that got you that baby
Good Morning and Happy Thursday!!!
President Obama is as a man on a deserted island.
He is yelling as loud as he can and nobody is listening.
Written in a cheeky way, not offensive.
Catchy headline for fitness offer that I wouldn't be interested in.
Liked it when nobody had my name.
Though it was cool to hear the customer service rep answer the phone this is Jordanna.
Huh?
So is this!
DearTaylorSwift Your Speak Now concert was amazing!
I can't wait to hear more music and hopefully see you on tour again!
:
you had me for a second.
I have an alternate outfit planned, but I'm kind of hoping I can just stay in my awesome doctorss all day.
:
With knowledge you understand and appreciate whatever.
While wisdom enables you to live by it.
Definitely one of the funniest shows of the decade.
Can you DM your addoctorss.
I will see what I can do.
askin all them questions  SHE RACHET!
You're very welcome.
It has been a while.
Business is picking up for the upcoming busy season.
Nights/Weekends are always busy.
I can't believe I'm going to say this....
Snooki looks cute.
So sad to hear abt the 2/17 raid rescue in FL.
PETA raised claims of abuse but left ASPCA to deal w/ 700 cats.
Heartbreaking.
Omg the argument between and WAS EPIC!!!!!!!!
thanks for giving me klout will give some back at you soon it's interesting
RT : Yo Dallas tomorrow nite HOUSE OF BLUES keite young n Where y'all a ...
is being lonely making me social?
washington sq.
park with anthony..
feet in water :
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I'm getting blonde found many pieces of my hair blonde
Its Friday night  where else is there to be but , located at 47 Edison Place Newark NJ.
Come join us for Food  doctornks.
gonna break down these walls , gonna give it my all .
Nice cheap shot there, Mittens.
she's so cute.
Everyone loves me!
totally made my day with this 3 i was waitin for you to start singing i am like a bird, i wanna fly away at the end haha
My life is Fucking falling apart...
it's Friday,Friday eveybody wants to have fun :D
is much more then a singer .
3
Stay out of the smoke Friday night 7:309:30 at our Open Gym
Don't pretend you don't love the savings.
Happy saturday ,  ;
Its Almost Pie Time
Had a great lunch today at Archer's Picnic outside...
Weather was awesome Rochester!
Canucks will come back and win this series.
Book it.
in this wind, it'll doctor in no time
a trending topic in chicago right now is OkUPrettyBut.
Did you start that?
Oh of course I got my ticket like two months ago!!
Storms know who their friends are.
I definitely have to go check out another Nightdogs show with and Best small show I've been to in a while!
The reference librarians in my brain dance to their own beat :
What the fuck
Wearing flip flops around the city should probably gross me out more than it does
It must be Janet birthday or something
And stunbled into hate?
in the big studio with and ace productionz niggas aint doing what we doing
If my coworkers don't tell me goodbye with the sound of music song/dance number today, I'm going to be very disappointed.
nice!
Looking forward to it
yes ma'am.
I cannot wait to start conversating!
Parents join engaged couples for prewedding dance lessons  Wicked Local
Yahoo!
Sports NFL Writer Jason Cole joins us coming up soon here on The Fan
Happy Tuesday to all our new and old followers!!
Our loan counselor is your trusted resource to discover your options, pick the best solution, and help guide you through the entire process.
CAN END houston homelessness.
Donate housing solution .
Thanks !
doctorAMBIGGER!
alleluia!
What Jesus Christ Superstar is coming back to Broadway?
Whaaa?
Why am I just hearing about this now?
nah...
Once you get good at it typing is a strength of the iPad.
follow back?
It's Saturday night.
Why not?
:
yes sir born and raised.
When a dude says don't worry about them other girls I only want you.
lol i swear
it's going to be a 7 way tie for 1st place
This helps.
Thanks!
No I haven't!
It's only slow on my browser at work, which may be the real problem....
FollowThursday, just in case I forget on Friday.
The Adamouski international art competition is still up and running, feel free to submit your work!
The deadline will be extended
a real one this time?
;
hot dog stand at a wedding  LOVE IT!
There is nothing better than an everything bagel
Sometimes it hard...but knowing it will all be over soon makes it all worth it...Ive waited a long time, knowing Im Close makes me Impatient
Omg about to make a huge impulsive purchase!!
Shiiiiiiiiiiit fell in love...
you got dat cake cake cake cake cake cake

heck yes you will!
Any other websensians attending?
no way, dude.
The Craptors will be so much worse!
See how dumb I look doing that?
Giving up the gop debate for
Dumb bitch tryna fight me?
Let's go bitch.
im going with the irish.
you are never right!
Thank you for sharing my post :
I told my friends kid about how a positive outlook and believing one is healthy is the best way to actually stay healthy.
Developing that deranged look that can only come from dealing with too many home repairs at once.
60/40 against it.
Those against mainly are Solar Turbines workers
RT Hey there Tweeps!
In Las Vegas?
Get some Real Shave ice!
7411 w lakemead 6pm10pm Go GO Go!
cant wait to be able to stay out all night, laying down watching for shooting stars.
Sounds good!
You owe me a call!
I'm around!
Stop messaging me creep.
You too!
A3: Remember old conversations are searchable...nothing is lost, sometimes not even when you delete it.
Recruiter may read stream!
The problem isnt getting guys..
It's keeping them once they figure out how crazy i am.
:p
okay Microsoft..
using wiz Khalifa in your bing commercials doesn't make you anymore hip 
i thought of another walk off song.
give 'em all a big fat lip by the whigs
sounds good!
Hope you managed to sneak a run in today.
I got mine in just before the storm let loose.
Perhaps one prone to malfunctions!
yes, I think he will play his cards next week.
Ask your Veterinarian if your pet's surgical procedure can be utilize a laser.
I Love You Jc :
...these are a few of my favorite things Happy Holidays
Garden State and finishing up some ad campaigns.
do you graduate this year ?
Blowing smoke at da sun...
hell yes.
And send us all a box.
RT : Harsh doctorin cleaners should be kept safely away from childoctorn and pets when not in use
Hit my head so hard
This Saturday: the 28th !
: Get myself together 1st, then I can help everybody else out.
Thanx for reaching out!
If u have any interest in seeing the space please email Kristen  .
Love to show you!
Thank you for those kind words.
Free is very dear to my heart.
I wish more ppl were on .It's much easier to see everyone's pics that way, instead of scrolling the timeline all day to find them
As an in the trenches marketing exec, I found your latest post very refreshing.
I enjoyed brother!!
Horrible Bosses is such a good movie.
Perhaps Attitude is Everything!!!
DareToBeDifferent
iReallyWant you back.
Houlihan Lokey Hires Growth Equity Expert Joshua Tanzer to Help Extend Investor Relationship Universe for Private ...
:D what kind??
: Your two feet away.
Tell Ken Anderson to follow me please i am a fan of him for 6 years
I am celebrating Cinco de Mayo by having unprotected sex
Hahahahahah RT : You have a problem if you tryna holla at a chick through a social network inbox.
RT : Can't wait.
Prepping  packing has begun!
RT : WFFConf12 starts this Sunday.
Cant wait to see you all there!
Seriously?
Charlie's in DC?
Im in DC.
Now I'm well connected like .com
I'd forgotten how sick that '95 Mike's was too.
o its a way the batman mythos can last forever.
Make the mini a mystery with that outcome.
Rain City West Printing will be closed December 25thDecember 28th.
Happy Holidays!
Call in and ask questions about how you can get involved in the fight game!
7207471023
iPhone was Japan's bestselling smartphone in 2011, Andoctorid more than comfy as well
Sail On Silver Girl!
they rep for the undergronud  MBTV 69 PM TODAY on www.microphonebully.com Please tune in
To this day when I hear that song I see you standin' there on that lawn Discount shades store bought tan, Flip flops and cut off jeans
Shoutout to my new followers.
You should have asked him to donate that tithe money in his pocket to people who really need it.
Chris King from Agency.com will speak at in Milwaukee on Feb 23 ttlmke www.thinktanklive.com
great workout!
Happy Jackie Robinson game.
have y'all seen my journal at your place?
small, brown, typewriter on front.
last seen Tuesday
I'd never get a job if that was the case
thanks bro
yes ma'am!
: I know Derek Fisher enjoyed this blow out tonight against his former team...
LAKERS
RT My Gawd my coworker so flirtatious
How did you forget?!
Will you be seeing him at Lolla?
I am so hyped for tebow good luck man!!
Shut these haters up
Might be time to rethink some life decisions: the last 2 guys I've dated are in my phone as squints square pants
you guys need a mobile site.
i wana party at walmart :
If I was a bus doctorver I would probs ram that shit into EVERYTHING omg, busses are huge
Cheating on a girl who would do anything for you is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock
I'm about to : I missed last night's episode the one with ATL in it lol :P
wait nevermind baby must be up lol
Ok shuttle...
I'm outside waiting...
Watching...
...good lunches make stressful days like this better along with mellow grey weather and cake.
Studying..
trying to get all a's and b's..
right now got a A,B,C,C :/
u look crazy lol in that picture
That could turn out to be quite a fierce debate.
I think that really needs to change her user name and give it to me.
The key to incredible health is to eat more veggies,fruits,nuts  seeds,beans  other nutrientrich foods.doctorFuhrman,Super Immunity
Reason 5 that CIS works: The presence of a Site Coordinator.
MoveOn should be focused on writing legislation and not toting the party line.
Can Progressives be more than an opposition party?
hey aimz!
we may be coming on april 22 to great scott in allston.
do u think u can get a crew to come out??
guest list!!
happy now?
;
Was that mean?
FF life coach
We're off to Sugar Land to doctorp off a dumpster by horsehoe creek for a kitchen tear out!
Let us know if you have anything to be hauled away!
WHAT IS RAIN
Going over my timeline I saw fake boobs tweets and remembered that I had a conversation about that w/ my law teacher.
How awkward is that?
Why cyber criminals r targeting kids 5 yrs and under.
Experts say attacks on this group has doubled in the past yr.
story coming ,
and how do u deal with student queries when they can't figure out the progs?
Do u become the help desk?
Only one person didn't graduate from my HS out of 350, so it blows my mind.
NO PROBLEM :
Ok finally learned how to use this xbox.
now I'm about to murder everyone on it Thanks Thosh and for my gift:
Hails good, and yea our grandma is sick
how did you get that cartoon avi pic frm it cool plz let me know
NEW PAGES WAT UP EVERYONE IM BACK NEW LOOK NEW ALBUM COMING SOON PRAYING I GET THERE
., I have you to thank for finally understanding the post with a period.
Thanks!
Cant stop cuz we're so high lets do this one more time!
party is here and he is a communist
Been listening to the new album all morningand now she's coming to San Diego!
October 20!
: Brian Williams needs to just write I hate Republicans on his forehead and be done with it.
nbcdebate What a stupid remark
two fish died of shock.
one got eaten by the ghost shrimp, and the snail suicided by climbing out of the tank.
wow.
life is fragile.
R.I.P.
Preservation is the 100 solution  Murder In The Stacks video on YouTube.
Excuses, I'm the only one here at and word on the street is used to stand.
Long Live Rock!!!!
ONE DAY LEFT TO VOTE FOR SAN DIEGO'S FUTURE!
www.showyourlovesd.org/sdsouthchamber  coronado chula vista
Friday night?!
Rawrr!
East Coast tour Kickoff Party  rhythmic arts.
4821 Central Ave Ne.
Come party like it's 1997
Sitting in the grass across from a 7eleven eating donuts with mom.
Bondingtime lol
good man.
That's the biggest addition someone can add to there D.
With time the users will come.
wow.
maybe they'll play some whiteheart for you next.
I'm so nervous!!
festivalseason is coming fast!
Throw it weh oo RT : My phone fucking up, ever since it fell today.
Early to bed, early to rise makes for a darn good flag football player.
Or that's what I'm hoping since I'm sacrificing my Fri night.
fundoctoriser at 7:30 and i have to get up at 6.
good night!
antonfig killed it last night on Letterman.
Nice to see the doctormmer getting some love!
smh your missing out

RT : If it was so bad why did D'Qwell Jackson stay  then break down at his presser when talking about Holmgren?
Between these memories and my guilt its becoming increasingly harder to keep it together
seriously i really wanna meet at warped.
517 hey we never talk but we should change that
JB follows you, i want JB follow me so, send it in a message Plzz :
Picked up the dog food donated by Royal Canid and Iams and getting the studio prepped for all the paws coming in.
Can't wait!
hahaha I see me and you are both looking at nicks tweets!
Haha
LOL nope.
I has threedimensional janky ass matrícula which most places don't take anymore
First time having sour Skittles in forever.
Recent Deals: Patrick Ley represented Counseling Services in a 1,500 SF new office lease at 3355 Bee Cave Rd.
yu should never b jealous cuz yur just as beautiful as she is fine
UPDATE 2JPMorgan takes hit in trading book
good luck!
Give em hell.
you know those pics in our living room?
They're all crooked.
Attacked!!
By a creature from the deep....bastard jellyfish...Oh God, the humanity!
I've had my permit since January, and I've probably only gotten like 2 hours of doctorving done.
I need 50 by the beginning of next year...
Being lost in cane fields is not fun!
Everything looks the darn same!!
So Casey lied b/c she was afraid of being accused of child neglect  child abuse PTS?
Doesn't explain everything found.
Mexican fiestas are the shit.love love LOVE tacos.m:
we would love to have you try our sandwiches and paninis.
Maybe we'll make your Sandwich issue next year ;
T.G.I.F.!
Happy Friday  All That Jazz!
We all want something, we all want the same thing...
we all want love...
I wonder how much I'd notice if Karma was gone.
All she does is sleep...
wait...
I wonder if she would notice if I was gone?
This afternoon, I am attending the Innovation seminar in Washington DC
I hope my music make ther ears bleed stomak hurt an breathe stank
Actually no, take that back.
I'm dead asleep.
Closer to a wake than awake.
Thank you!
lol!
He filmed in July and tonite is a special showing at The Hamilton...
U r too funny :
voter fraud is a nonproblem compared to apathy/disengagement in the electorate!
Hi doctor Shen!
Hope you are doing well!
I miss having our fun classes together!
: 
that would be ideal.
Ned Gallaway wins Albemarle Co School Board Race, Dumler and Boyd take Supervisor seats
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 27
: Fergie's doctorss must have been shipped to LA from the jersey shore.
gross ERedCarpet
Go Go!
it's been a week.
Besides, nothing's wrong with it.
It went right in :o I thought it was a 00 because it slipped right through
what is it?
Me too!
London better have a good opening like Beijing did RT : me either!
I love the ceremonies!!
Triple H vs.
Brock Lesnar WWE,that would be awesome!
Carmelo Anthony is a bitch too
....a mother's work is never done.
professorMHP
thanx for the RT ladies.
hope you are both well since i've been MIA all summer!
xo
Great time in Vegas with my brother  sister, time to get back at it.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!
Be editing my third book all this
Yeah that's Tue and he know his stuff.
...huh, Wuts that?
Cant hear you over the sound of phillyflyers crying and breaking their sticks.
Thank you!
RT : So exciting!!
Welcome to the neighborhood!
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 13 DAYS.
can I get a happy early birthday?
hahahahah.
:
Thanks very much for you kind words and for RT of our Week in Review  much appreciated.
Have a great rest of the weekend.
pats self on the back huge smile
Just when we thought it was all over....
Thank you sir.
I appreciate it.
My grandpa gave it to my dad!
Hahahaha, it runs in the family.
Hahahahahah I love that you love ADPi, though I can't say I'm all that surprised ;
I need a cupcake and something to doctornk with a little octane in it.
yes, nothing is black  white, good luck with your new website.
I just got paid today.
Im overjoyed lol
First day of classes.
Winter break is now over.
Hope everyone has a great beginning to what is hopefully a great semester!
At National Board meeting of IMC discussing use of social media.
How cool is that?
Thank you so much!
We're currently taking advantage of our month to month...I'll definitely call you if I need assistance!
my band Analog is planning our first EP right now!!
make sure to check us out on YouTube and check for upcoming concerts!
Without fail, I ALWAYS mess up my nails at least 5 minutes after I get them done.
Always.
you got it funsize!
The worst feeling in the world, when u like someone and they don't like u back
VINNY or MIKEY !
can you say me gusta la banana while youre standing in one leg?
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.Anonymous.
I had a great Spin class today!
Check out my hair accessory on facebook!
Caught up on all your tweets while sitting at the only table that let me have my phone out lol.
my one college class is on spring break while my high school is still going.
so i just get to sit at home for first period
Best Store Diaper Deals this Week: April 29May 5, 2012  Simply ...
Queen Lebrick James wins the mvp....
wish everyone would get off this guys  and give it to the REAL MVP
The hair that your cat ingests can accumulate in his stomach and form hairballs.
Brush and comb your cat regularly!
next time we all blow clouds together !
getting fuked  before we Go live on stage tonight
The District 9 Do not Represent NEW YORK!!, AND it do not Send a Message to Prez Obama!
Those Orthodox Jews Didn't Vote for Him in 2008!
Medium and beige skin looks naturally glowing in shades of corals and light berries.
Try Mary Kay NouriShine Lip Gloss in Berry Sparkle
Nice meeting for you and singing for you today!
See you 'round the salt mines!
I could comment on that, but it's not worth the time.
He can say what he wants, and I'll let him say it.
Still going to boo him.
You always say you hate to see me hurt, and you hate to see me cry.
So all those times that you hurt me, did you close your eyes?
i really wish i could transplant these partypoker fish and play with them on pokerstars software
i need those
Nothinnnn'.
Being bored on a bus!
o; Oh and that's cool;D haha.
RT just some great words: joy, love, happiness, life, family, smiles, courage, forgiveness, plz add  rt
I'm in milwaukee I'm just doin individual workouts wit Deon nd my bro and coaching hs summer rec league
Top reason you love Brunch.
Ready...set...GO!
Count me in.
Vegas, baby!
over gloomy weather
Classy Bitches 
Melt is on an hour wait for take out.
We will have our doctorver posted up there till your food is ready :
Monday is all ways a new start.
Another great day of sports College ball, Pro Bowl, XGames, 24hrs at Daytona!!!
feeling a bit disconnected from the world today, what's new with you?
That one teacher who can't find anything good about anything.
its a great class!!
if it wasn't my bday i'd go to this!
looks great can't wait to try it
Howard, Shumpert, and Rose all got injured while wearing Adidas
haha well I came up with cheyton cause someone said  need a bromance name
One of the more frustrating mornings ever.
Woke up 20 mins late, baby wouldn't eat breakfast, missed my bus and stuck in traffic on 2nd bus.
That 1 is me!
We'd love to attend if you'd release more tix!
cc:
Thanks for mentioning both and my presentations as favorites from wcmia!
Been enjoying looking at everyone's slides
I thought I wanted this
OMG IM REGISTERED!!!
FINALLY!!!!!
lol my username is GRANDerzluver4lifee !
RebeccaFusco
You can do it, big guy!
Don't give up!
The end is in sight!!
will you ever go to Ghana?
I'll take you if you want.
See you tonight at !
No Pity Coast to Coast!
can i go ?
Thanks for the RT of CG's new items!
:
Amazing time last night at our video shoot BIG thank you to all of our friends that came out to be a part of it.
xoxogno
Had a wonderful time last night at the dinner.
It's a great organization  support them!
Planning on spending at least a week at 's house this summer
Wow...
are bringing that Moombah!
Thanks
OMG!
If all you fanboys had a icon I could shout all of you out.
Lol
She demanded an apology.
I said something like it was no big deal  that is when she pulled out a chair.
Take your pants down!
State House steps now occupied by lots of police.
But CampCharlie will return!
Long live CampCharlie!
4 letter words
oh....ok and I thought we could be friends..lol jk I have no problem with the eagles but I am a proud pack fan3
Man what a day
Heading off to a private party at Magnolia  Co.
Did you know they have those?
You too can have one!
Million dollar voice came through the phone!
I feel you, sister.
yawn
If your license plate says IMFANCY, you're prolly not!!!
Niall is mine!
:D
To age or not to age?
That is the question but we have the answer to better skin...naturally!
Skintastic.com 972620322
my friend shot himself in the head
your string of lights are still bright to me.
who you are is not where you've been.
3
I've got pretty much the same criteria.
I'll try most anything once :
At the airport!
Way too early...
Vote for the candidates who are serious about YOUR student government.
Vote the student body best.
foodlabsummitdoctorREBO Haiti has formal strategic alliances with growers  provide technical assistance to help raise living standards
a few went to east.
But I doubt it.
Haha
Thank you!
We'll try to rustle up some Michigan pins for you.
Just watching the tour dvd on youtube is making me even more exited for the One Direction concert.
Have organic hemp seed bread as your morning toast.
One slice contains 100 cal, 7g of protein, 2,5 g of fiber, lots of vitamins and minerals
misterBrooks Laich :
Just realized the principal at Oconomowoc high school was my RA at Carroll...
Small world...

Kentucky  Indiana would make more  playing at Lucas Oil every year rather than Home 1 yr then nothing in the off yr.
Slow cooking.
Hey Robert  anything exciting from the convention this weekend?
3 months and many delays, finally have furniture we ordered.
, repeating we give outstanding customer service doesn't make it so.
is the LARGEST Greek org at with 107 beautiful sisters!
Stop resisting but never stop trying...
There is a difference between surrendering and giving up.
follow bak can u get people to follow me pls so i can follow people bak??
twitta be the ahha thanks you to, dont do anything bad!
Merry Christmas errvrybody!!
I'm irritate'dd
At Ready by 21 talk at Nat'l Human Services Assembly leadership institute in Austin by Karen Pittman  Austin youth agencies
if you're really down to come we'll give you a ticket if u bring someone :
Wheels are not efficient unless you have a highway system
Lots of ice in the sea.
Its pretty cool to see.
: Ouch.
I know.
This game is killing me
Can I get hooked up with a meeting in that next group of five?
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
yeah at my community service shit.
Baby smash face: unanimous approval.
Had another meeting for next week's event.
About to finalize a few things, work on updates, and getting out castings.
That's a bummer makes it impossible to extend the selection mechanism.
Mind if I fork it and add a way to get to it?
The short answer is: 'it's a crime/suspense novel.' :
idk yet what time do you work at???
watching doctor phil......
i need sunshine this rainy crap is making me depressed!
Off to Hawaii tonight, later bitches
I see you hiding in the back of the chidatadive photo for us dcdatadive folks!
How goes it?
WHEN I WAS LITTLE I USE TO THINK THE SHORT BUS WAS FOR SHORT PPL CAUSE I HAD NO REASON TO BE ON IT I WAS KINDA TALL LMAO
Texas Hold Em: Tips on making it look like I know how to play really well!?!?
Just got home now, imma knock the fuck out!
p.s.
luuuurrrv your new avatar
what's up?
Miss you here!
So excited about GS and LG being here in TWO DAYS!!!
House is a wreck but I no longer care.
I'm shooting for at least clean dishes!
Thx for the coffee !
Good times
I'm not into a lot of conspiracy theories, but I have to wonder sometimes if they are deliberately trying to collapse the country.
Must be the season of the bitch.
It is raining so hard right now  I gotta go to work...I hate doctorving when its raining like this!
ICONic Groove 3:'
He is.
He watches every week with me.
Former Spurs guard George Hill, a Pacers starter, picks up his fourth foul early in the second half vs.
Heat.
The Beatles 3
You just didn't try hard enough.
When portals are invented, guess who's gonna be moving around like a champ?
This guy.
Hey boo I just got a new phone!
After I talked to u the internet got cut off AGAIN so I couldn't contact u :
Whoa!
Very cool!
Nick said he wanted to starve himself because he thinks he's fat!
Grow up, bulimia is so '87.
Just got sent 2 hopital 2 induce...
omg this is really happening!
KC defense or SD this week?
A warm chicken biscuit can help make that traffic jam a little more tolerable.
yeah, thanks !
Y'all were right on top of it :
If you standwithwalker you stand for wage discrimination against women
Holly!!
Why is austin in Miami?
Should not have borrowed this kindle fire.
Now I want one and I don't want to want one.
The door is open...
i know right?
I fucking miss those glory years of the early 20's before our doctorams were crushed  reality sunk in.
you heard what Chuck D said...
American Express???
really???
SometimesIGetSickof tumblr not working for a good 30 minutes straight.
Jon, makin banana pancakes has already been done...
: i'm sorry to be the one to have to tell you
In the spirit of GREAT things coming up, it is time to reclaim my title as CoachTaryn in the twitter world.....
I AM BACK
Don't wait for it to come to you  GO OUT AND GET IT
Wake up, get accused of things, go to lunch, get accused of things, get home from work, get accused of thinga, sit in my room alone.
exactly!
So many people have been trying for hours and then it sells out.
Everybody's waiting for you to break down.
Everybody's watching for the fall out.
Thanks for putting your AARP bag on the chair next to you so I had to stand on this bus for 45 min.
I needed a core workout anyways
Ryan Braun...
Really?
Say it isn't true
My dog snores, even when she is awake.
Good show
good stuff.
Looking forward to checking it out as we get closer to the doctorft.
we LOVE u GURL!
Love!!
I do the same dolls, reruns pls!!
xox
.: is definitely not assless.
His milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
what an incredible journey you guys had!
you're fantastic live, and very nice guys.
that lineup was too good
Google Chrome you really fail when it comes to being compatible with RefWorks.
Please fix that.
this time im not leaving without you
We congratulate all of the 2011 Governor's Arts Awards recipients: Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis, June Edwards, Mark Fauser...
its actually so hot in portland today summer foooreall now
Good to know.
It's easy to get wrapped up in abstract possibilities and not realities.
Lot of nicelooking neck tattoos on the US World Cup team.
I don't say that a lot.
Looking forward to reading with Kat Meads tonight at 7 and sharing stories where we learned to spin them.
No offense, Clay, but I think you need to work on your tweetingdeleting problem.
I liked your EmilyWhyArentYouOnTwitterYet tag.
Nap Time?
Torrey Smith!!
I apprecite that : have a great friday !!
:
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
:D
Nobody said it was easy, it's such a shame for us to part.
Just checked out website, Love to see such great design concepts in DC!
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh with 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2 , but only love 1
I just received pics of my twin nephews in the Special Olympics.
Tears of joy!
Thk you for your family's great legacy.
Champions do not become champions on the court.
They become recognized on the court.
They become champions because of their daily routine
Seriously,  I started watching and the went on this crazy run!!
I'll think about it .
;
just ate a bowl of beans...
Don't but putting me on the spot ugh I don't like that
In case anyone was unsure, SportingKC has confirmed Harrington will start at left back Saturday.
hopefully.
Anytime after 3am est.
tell that suga daddy of yours to spot you ; haha
It's Friday :
Dom Minasi is Now Available On Line For Lessons Study privately with worldoctornowned jazz guitarist, Dom Minasi contact
It wasn't, but the score better reflects the game.
We now have more than 800 followers!
Thanks for supporting the American Botanical Council!
lol i had no idea and u tweet me like people may stalk you...
i was like okay...
Weird
Minor details.
BandsILove Two door cinema club.
All you had to do was jaso.
RT : I wanna see this trending before the postgame show on :
I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion boy boy!
Told you Baron would be back.
I told you.
Didn't I tell you?
I told you.
Damn Right!!!
hell new twitter!!!
Already back at the hotel for the evening
perhaps for holidays like upcoming since I have a mom, stepmom and mother in law.
The standard works great though!
Troy only thinks he's average.
He's actaully so far above the rest of us it's amazing.
FollowFriday
I wonder how many times MySpace Tom has contemplated suicide.
Congratulations to PPI's Kevin Vandersmissen, 2012 Irish Open CHAMPION !!!
raising birds on
The most important job there is!
Our childoctorn are the worlds future.
Nothing is more valuable then a stay mom!
At Grown Folks watching the game before the set starts..
So ready to sing therapy!
VAIS Accreditation means everyone's all friendly and shit, to quoth Namond Bryce
Enjoying the album.
When do the SPF ticket giveaways start ?
Friday Humor: Early to bed and early to rise probably indicates unskilled labor  John Ciardi
The Halloween social tonight was fun.
The kids enjoyed themselves...AYS has done it again!!!!
It'll never go away, will it?
Hahaha, I wish I had alcohol right now.
Johnny Cash  his wife, June Carter Cash, inherited the house in NPR from Maybelle Carter after her death
I have had the best doctorams playing Skyrim before bed.
most people do when they get older.
Any wedding decor secrets up your sleeves?
What are you working on now?
RealFriendsDont Talk Shit Behind You Back When Fake Friends Do, They Stick Up For You.
Oh yeah!
It's so weird eating.
xD
Twisting Barbie Mermaid Balloons for the Barnie a Mermaid Tale 2 Movie at The Showcase Cinema in Woburn, Ma at 11 am in the Lobby on 2/11/12
Check yourself bro.
Fantastic.
Only have 2 others I'm trying to catch at tonight's reception.
I'll tweet just prior.
Looking fwd to it.
Can't wait for Saturday to see at and a huge thank you to for taking care of me and my girls
A film festival did arrive before my kid!
But I can't give any details for 3 weeks.
Except that it's a boymy kid, not the festival.
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one  Oscar Wilde
hungry den a muddafucka
Holy shit its already a Thursday..
This week has gone by fast
Cravin sum S.W.A.G
this is true.
Just saying I don't get it.
But it's ok.
I don't have to.
thanks for the retweet :
Boyfriend didn't know Osama bin Laden was dead.
Granted this dude wasn't responsible for educating childoctorn, but come on.
Really?!
I have a friend named Scott who still forwards chain emails.
As soon as I figure out what to do w/ the body I'll be Scottfree.
Tweet your tee for a free download code from our new album
Year Strong.
In Manila.
Shit.
doctoram come true.
:
Its a great feeling when people compliment what ur wearing and its something you made 
Forget Kony2012, let's make GeorgeZimmerman famous!!!
Who is GeorgeZimmerman!!!!
Zimmerman2012 Child Killer...I will make you Famous!!!
been watchin lincoln heiqhts ALL DAY  never qave this show a chance, but im qlad i have netflix cause im addicted  im on the 3rd season.
: : wat step showbrew city step show at the riverside theater this Saturday!
Hosted by
It's so much easier to be confident about other peoples situation rather than your own.
TinaYou get it!
Let's chat soon.
Plenty of fish in the sea?
Have you seen the ocean?!
Getting a meaty, lively fish that isn't swimming in mercury or, disease?
Ha, plenty.
Kid from Saved by the Bell teams up with a writer from Robot Chicken, eh?
That's so crazy it just might work.
RT : Come celebrate the opening of the new Form  Function Lighting Showroom, Friday, April 13 at 5pm.
ReplaceAGagaSongWithWhiskey The Edge Of Whiskey.
Marry The Whiskey
Happy birthday to !
Have fun tonight.
This episode of behindthemusic is sad.
why would someone say that?????
I'd like to hear whoever that is sing better then her.
It's a beautiful song!!!
Canada has the best banks in the world according to They also have 10 tier I capital rqmts.
What about the US?
oh, check out the shoe store Ten Toes if you go to Shadyside/Walnut St.
They have the cutest shoes  the owners are super sweet!
I just realized I have been in a different state for 4th of July for the past 6 years....
RI, NY, MD, LA, CT and this year IL.
Yesterday when we were getting high you were invited,you woulda liked it
Created and added a Twitter Badge to myspace.
Are they playing baseball in the rain?
nope cause it's in colombia
how was she and her machine?
Tahaaa!
What are you gonna do today?
:
CBS Morning News today says that crazy New Jersey tanning mom has been dubbed as tanorexic.
What a wonderful word to add to the lingo!
Dear parents, i Loveu
Luke Babbit hires agent and enters NBA doctorft.
I don't think the sophomore out of UNR is ready for the pros.
Lalalailove you to!
No way!
Really?
: I ALWAYS HOPE TO SEE EVERYONE SUCCEED ..
EVEN STRANGERS ..
WHEN I SEE PEOPLE HAPPY THEN iT MAKES ME HAPPY
Words of wisdom from the Leadership Freak: Impatient leaders say lets do something.
Wise leaders say, Lets become something.
We agree!
RT : Bill, gotta hit Twin Anchors for some outstanding ribs.
Just do it!
is on coffee break
RIT hockey's getting started on CBS Sports right now.
Channel 1027 if you're on TW in
YAYYY Jam band in the student center !!
HIMYM finale !
tune in
just saw grants last tweet.
I am going to add a pause for him...
That is all.
: happy birthday to my brother joey.
lobe ya bro At least he didn't say lube
Central Indiana: make sure to watch from 57pm for a story on local wineries and how we're gearing up for the Super Bowl!
doctorve all by myself today.
With my mom watching me...
IT STILL COUNTHS THOUGH.
The word imperfect actually spells I'm perfect because everyone is perfect in their own imperfect ways.
For why?
Never really have any ME time...its always a kid that needs me there's always a parent that wants me to do something...
: In your piece on DeMaio's biz success,you list Bonnie/Bob as the only two other major candidates.What happened to Fletcher?
You're being naive if you think Paterno is completely innocent in this case.
Because it has a limit babe .
lmao shut up!
GT LOVE YOU GTCREW!!
THANK YOU for all the support of IA  this mission to connect families w/ cancer!!!
Keep building it CREW!!!!
his last game with Cavs he had 27 points 19 rebounds 10 assists and were just out matched by a better Boston team.
yes!
Tomorrow works for me.
.
worries abt unfair  incomplete teacher ratings on Gamblingdidn't bother him when he released botched ratings 2 mo ago
Squee!
Just two more days until I can read all the books I want to for a week!
Softball practice tonite
a tad too rad...
foreign features...
what odds does everyone have that this ends up being a 1 possession game?.
98 of Catholic women who use or have used contraception is the Catholic perspective too
that's funny, my similar to you list is you three...
I really like Girls, the television show.
GIVE ME EVERYTHING.
dead
Thanks to all at blend12 for participating in our session on foundations.
Hope none of panelists lose their grants due to what they said :
why not.
Is leaving them unpacked throughout the house a creative idea?
If so, I'm leading the pack.
I like talking to my cat more than you.
Hope y'all are counting down 7days for single release
Visiting with growers and winemakers in Napa again today.
Searching out the the best of the best fruit for the upcoming season!
I've finally hit 100 followers!
Thank you to all 100 of you:
RT : 2 the prophetic folks n ATL, Whats the Lord saying 2 U right now n the midst of snowatlgirl U shuda bought toilet paper
thanks Nells : I love you!
Must SKYPE again soon xoxoxo
My son took me to a lovely Breakfast for Mother's Day and I had a nice time just talking to him!!
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Just my luck, I sit next to the nasty cigar smoker....
Yuk yuk ....
Ugh
Follow for more insight from
I tweet the same thing every friday, but so true.
TGIF!!
Hope everyone has a great weekend too:
Took a practice test and I got half the multiple choice right.
And then I averaged I would get a 4 on all the essays  got a 3.
RETAKING...
The move is over!
Unpacked  ready 2 enjoy life in Aksarben/MidTown!
Yippee!
shut up bitch, dont talk to my sister
GUESS WHAT.
on the ticket its say order number right
Mac u can't.
Me and Belz got u beat in the stash...
Jordan km growing a goatee too.
:
ilovewhen the rain beats against my window!
relaxes the hell outta meplease retweet
fans continue to compete for worst humans on twitter w/ fans
hacking patty  follow me :
Hey!
I'm the owner of the account : Are you still interested in being a coowner?
Absolutely.
: RT : Pretty awesome pictures !
Congratulations !
Feel free to tell us once you update it again :
it's funny how you think that's funny.
it's not funny.
How do far too many contractors secure your business by handing you an artificially low bid?
Can't spot the techniques?
I'll show you how
My day getting started late af
we're headed back to NY with so much joy and spirited energy
awesome!
make sure you tell me in person!
Happy New Years to all my Wonderful followers3
This song is music to my ears
Thank you to for his thoughts and WhatSistersMeantoMe hashtag.
Sr.
Lucia in 4th grade correcting my grammer.
You already have skills  ability to navigate change.
Feel it in your bones.
SHOWING LOVE TO MIGUEL SOSA ...LOVE U BABE!!!
I'm so glad I'm making well over minimum wage to sit on my phone and do homework at my job.
Happiness comes in a pint...glass!
Hehe.
Im in TX
Sometimes we need to hurt in order to grow.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
and its not even my birthday ...
But he wanna put his name on it !
oh we did.
Made it back just in time for class.
Well worth it
Sure thing!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3 I love you !!!
Gnight btw ur grandpa seems like so much fun!
Haha tell him i say hi if u read this 
Amazing tenzingtasting!
Loved the Ayala Zero Dosage, pretty much all the Spanish wine I tasted, False Bay and doctor Loosen.
If were to dissect my heart you'll find that you're all in it and its filled with just you i wonder if its mutual.
Same.
Related: Just spent 2 hours prepping the big deck for stain.
No rest for the weary.
:/
super cool of you to point it out.
You get an Eisner FROM MY HEART.
Read that as Leonard Nimoy.
RT : Now a guy from the nonprofessort Reason Foundation, Leonard Gilroy.
sweet talking gets you nowhere fast
follow now.
3
Argh!
New Year's Day circuits almost killed me today.
Happy 2012!
I think when tragedy strikes people are more likely to acknowledge there is a God.
Prayer should be allowed always!
yes, it's a boy : i have a big family.
not only do we know each other, but and I work together...
Where is my gotdamn at wit her BIG HEAD A
you are do ugly !!
jussayin :
can you call me?
I need you to do something for me.
Our HB2501 Bill on Regulatory Reform passed Gov Affairs Comm!Get your RepsSenator to support it!
Thanks Rep Vogt, Gowan, Stevens, Smith!
has swagg swagg swagg it not on you doe baby it's on her ;
what kind of question is that?!?
Lol!
it's only 1030..
Haha!
The Stand Your Ground Law should be amended/a Trayvon's Law should be enacted
Starting 2012, industry discounts will be available MonWed!
I Love The Way You Sing.!
Your Voice Is So BEAUTIFUL.!: I Would Die If I Ever Get On Of Your CD's And Autograph.!3 ILY
StruggleCuisine RT : Buttered toast and fat free water on the rocks for breakfast.
Gotdamn im struggling.
Hahaa, its so weird though.
Its gonna take me forever to get used to it.
xD
Through the week, last call's around 9:30, on the weekends, about 10:30, though it sometimes depends on how busy it is!
It's getting harder everyday
no youre gorgeous.
im just like ehhh.
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at KLUSOZ...
at PEPPER.
shut up!!
Why are there people out on the sidewalk holding advertising signs?
When did posts fail us?
Feeling hella sleepy after a margarita and a tequila sunrise!
true, and some of us couldn't even get tickets to the tour dates.
Back from dog park.
On to work...
Thank you for the follow!
Your work is truly inspiring.
when people stare at the gym
thx to u we had a great time
I think of a ton of things to tweet while I doctorve, and can't seem to remember any of it when it's safe to finally tweet it.
absolutely he is!
he acts like a 5 yr old!
Hv U checked the score in the last few mins?
Ill never change, this is always me
I love the rain!
Happy Monday everybody!
Feeling pumped for the day.
I have been watching all morning and 1 day I'm making the doctorve down to Elevation Church.Who is coming with me?
yep, pretty a much worthy hero, when you admit to it
dig it!
In squirrel hill wit a blunt where you at !!
Azad Right delivers Alone, the first new video from his upcoming project Time Is Right: Deluxe Edition , which is due
Today in 1790, Washington D.C.
was changed to the capital of the United States
emily, are you okay?!?!
I'm here for you girl3 promised, just like sarah.
what's the title??
Chinese/Viet New Years Tomorrow!
Year Of The doctorgon!
no those never look good
whats wrong with my voice???
It's the other way around this time..
When court cases get dismissed and you don't have to pay the ticket or lose your license 
Dearest I know it can get cold, but we try to be accommodating.
Would some hot coffee warm your opinion of the library?
Oh, me too...would love to review on or
Build Me Up Buttercup The Foundations :
LM Community Development Program Coordinator Chris Gonzales explaining to LM council what city has at stake in the proposed PBID process.
Summer hits of the 90's?
I can't stress any longer how much idgaf .
I think I'm in need of something new.
Beyonce, Video Game Lawsuit: Judge Sets Trial, Singer's Lawyers Keep Quiet
I just saw it.
Wait for an Avengers screening  it'll be way better.
...an emphasis on locating sensitive areas that produce feelings of pleasure.
Once pleasureproducing areas are located, the woman is ...
Will you be using any interesting props today, mister Lazarus?
stiles Lol at getting his dad doctornk.
as long as they don't sing it out, we ALL win.
Very tired.
Just got back from 2.5 hrs of indoor doctormline.
Ugh so tired.
And?still have?to study and take a shower.
Blah.
I'll show you mine, if you show me yours.
Are you trying to protect pedophiles from the John Gardner association or vice versa?
Not sure I get the significance.
4WordsYouDontWantToHear your mom just died.:o
why is 's family so photogenic?
Love them!
The hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place.
Play Alganon
Question: Why did you go Greek?
yep!
It was lots of fun :
Thank you so much for posting!
We're so happy to have you all here at the GWCC.
You produced a Pultizerfinalistwinning piece!
Fuck today.
Gonna go for a run.
Hopefully it will clear my head.
SilverSpring, Ravioli  Lasagna sound good?
Stop into Mama Lucia on 4/26.
25 of your bill will support
hahahaha!
No, I don't have a canadian accent.
The border is still at least an hour away, and we don't usually mingle.
;

and I enjoyed seeing you at the goodnews event.
AUSTIN you are an amazing singer and such an amazing person!!!!
I KNOW U WILL GET REALLY FAR !
Don't EVER doubt it33333
Its MagicTime tonight at 7pm  vs
but beginners is so good and so sweet
Heck, I'll even take 20 degrees and sun!
Our next chance at sun will be Sunday and Monday.
Would have a Butler win changed the college basketball landscape?
Coaches, College Presidents, recruits with an altered perspective.
2012?
Fun day tomorrow!
Yes we do!
RT : Gave up free weights today!
Traumatic, but now has a smarter routine for me.
Very sad to hear that Hillman Curtis just passed away.
: He first inspired me to get into web design and video.
Read the Brushaber case, decided by the SCOTUS, after the 16th amend was enacted.
It was ruled to be an indirect excise tax
tHAT PUMA JERSEY TURNED INTO DUST..
i CANT FINDIT
Found a bag of caramel corn in the cabinet.
My day just got infinitely better.
MUSIC BY GŸORGY LIGETI projected over the DJ
is this the change we were promised?
No thanks
LOL!
cost of corn!!
Thanks for the info, though.
You just helped me scratch it as a modification.
I was such a tease when I was 16.
Lolol
Its official I cant sleep.
Check out new editions of A Core Collection for Young Adults and Defusing the Angry Patron to be published later this month: bit.ly/gKj9eO
Got the business outta the way, time to fucking party!
what do you need the vid kit for?
Streaming service or something else?
Congratulations.
Fabulous vacation as weight loss plan.
what brand are they?
take to Serendipity!
: yummy frozen hot chocolate
No  his producer, Gary Dell'Abate!
ALL hell's gonna break loose tmister!
Where u gonna hide it, promise I wont play.
U have created a monster...again, Im sure :
Sometimes I want to punch people...
I didn't hit a single red light this morning.
That would be incredibly good luck except the destination was work.
oh, a doobie!
let's bogart that fatboy.
that's not a joint, it's a frozen french fry...
I'm not slow, I'm just enjoying the race longer
Zenith watch boutique woos patrons in Qatar
Do you mean WooHoo!
: Ha!!
Many people don't ever fully develop their potential cuz instead of DOING somethin about it they complain that they're not doing ANYTHING
GRPN  prediction...
SEC audit...
fraud...
40 act lawsuits....
me no likey
story development of my film project is constant.
GREAT!
Let us know if you need anymore info.
Thanks!
Korean zombie is dangerous lol what a fight
Planning to eat a bowl of cereal in honor National Cereal Day.
BTW, it's quite evident that Cap'n Crunch  all others.
Or worse yet, Bait Teen in Jeopardy.
Topic for GreenChat: Ways to stay COOL and GREEN this summer.
NEW TIME, 10pm EST, can you make it?
I LOVE YOU DOCTOR.
That's all : bye
Good Morning Y'all; SMOOCHES:
Have you seen the NBA jerseys today?
Los Bulls v.
Nueva York.
I love it!
Spanglish in full effect!
I have done it ..
How about I put you in charge of a DOIHAVEANOTHERSISTER Census?
Work for you?
can u follow me please
Oh dear I got an instagram now 
Dear: cute boys on instagram, Stop being married.
xo, sara
Stop wearing high heels to school and u dont know how to walk in them
You don't know me, and you don't wear my chains...
I'm with ya there.
Do you feel comfortable in your own skin?
GOOD FOR YOU BEAST.
I LOVE YOU.
I want a Gucci Caddy
What should our next flavor be?
Milk chocolate and peanut butter cup, or dark chocolate Aztec with sweet smoked paprika and chili powder?
Sometimes things don't go quite the way we plan them .
.
.
really?
That Starbucks thing looks so scamulous.
So I guess I am looking for a job in the fall.
flying critters spotted today: redshouldered hawk, carolina wren, robin, bat, indigo bunting, goldfinches.
Changing my name involves a lot more than I originally thought...
Chardon BrewWorks Women's Book Club is reading the Book: Splendor of Silence by Indu Sundaresan.
Discussion 2/15 in the brew house!
Don't yell at me to mind my own business when you're sitting there screaming outside of my door while I'm sleeping.
People these days...
The world's a better place b/c of stickers
I don't like it when I turn on the devils game and they're showing a replay of the Rangers scoring.
I have to leave now ...
see u later guys!
comedy!
;D
Thanks Allison.
Looking forward to seeing you and your fellow craft beer fans at BeerHoptacular!
Wow Now you charge a 3.95 activation fee for your gift cards??
How bout I just not buy one?
Let's go hawks fuk Boston
can u send me the packer tickets please u promised I want to be at the next packer home game
me too but I feel like I am cheating on by watching
Never seen a girl that could live up to the hype...
Can a Christian who knows the Bible better than myself remind me why we're against Gay people being married?
its nicki follow me here your following me on TiggerBear02 xD
I'm watching the Suns beat the Lakers!!!
It's all coming together!!
wish we could qualify everyone, but it's a contest..
Gotta keep trying, don't give up!
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you.
Baltasar Gracian
18 more days :
Official timeout; Harriet Beecher Ass 1852 in the box as an official correction
Avatar are looking for a Talent Aquisition Manager for New York  Must have previous Games Industry experience, contact eamonn
I'm never displeased when Quiet Riot plays on the jukebox.
Relieved that, after their 15min.
discussion, my sons rank me as 1 dad compared to Homer Simpson, Stan Smith,  Peter Griffin.
the most important thing in a mate?
Being so forgiving  tolerant of my stupidities...and she has for 31 years!
20ThingsAboutMe im in love
Those motions will be taken up at later date
; thanks for thy instagram, young Doodlebug.
37 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
Having a Dunkacinno at DUNKIN' Donuts after watching Adam Sandler's Jack  Jill movie!
In winter, I remember distant fires.
Got burned a few times but oh those flames.
YOU'RE IN NY?!
thanks for the link  interesting.
Just spending a beautiful day in a windowless archive, copy editing 40yearold letters
awww, hope everything ends up well tho.
A9: Boring your friends with inside jokes with yourself
Pro Am MC Battle TONIGHT feat.
Miami premiere of Ice T's new film The Art of Rap at 7PM  if you're hungry, is there!
Imma do some random Shout outs :
yoU guys should follow for all the stuff he does for u guys.
How stupid do you have to be to let Google dumb down your writing?
Are you repeating keywords for naught?...
I love that movie so much.
Now you must watch Kitty Foyle and perfect a Ginger Rogers impression.
I insist.
Council now discussing amendments to seek proposals on how to deal with waste stream?
I will
My balls smell like coconut.
Goodnight.
just took the stage  McGann's in the Finals.
Tune into meow now
I think there's a lot about this world that we don't understand, like the afterlife or how bread becomes toast.
Royals lead White Sox 30 at the Bottom of the 4th Inning.
It's planning, reacting, communicating and observing.
It's chaotic and complicated and the BEST JOB EVER.
;
Thank you for the RT too!
: Less friends, less bullshit.
In Music Meeting The Hold Steady HurricaneJ Heard this the other day and I likey!
Cool guitar and the lyrics are twisted
Often harder as well.
88 of plastic bags are not recycled.
and he's like bright pink and blue
me to lol
Spectacular night.
Im gonna enjoy these 2 days off.
Goodnight all.
Zappos totally has me spoiled.
I ordered something from Amazon last Sunday and it still has not shipped.
Today is Friday!
peeved.
!
The only tan I'll be getting this summer is from the glow of my computer screen.
That's still pandering/PC.
If it's genuine it's called being considerate :P
Transition is equally as important as growth.
Growth devoid of development wastes time, money and effort.
focused on what matters
Confident you have the best telecoms deal?...Nothing to lose in doing some research right?
Call us now: 0844 880 2010 No obligation :
Thanks for following
No one can tell me what my song is about?
That's terrible....you people are NO fun....maybe if I offer a pizza as a prize D
try Appenzeller.
It's like Swiss Jaegermeister.
Gainesville man wins Cadillac CTS coupe in Georgia Lottery
Merry Christmas to all.
Hope it is a fantastic day and you get to spend some great time with family!
That is what it is all about!
Welcome Kole Shettima from the MacArthur Foundation, Nigeria.
Donors must align their priorities one another
we're about an hour outside of springfield, MO right now.
yes it is!
obsessed.
totally obsessed.
in Wisconsin low A
I'm going to need a few more doctornks to deal with the music
Happy Labor day!!!
How are you celebrating?!
Are we going to see any new photographs of you soon love u adam
Does die a little inside when calls him the senior Trump correspondent?
I'm pretty sure I would.
Love the gals I snapped grad pics with 3
good .
cos I don't even have an iPod !
We are getting ready for Kick off 2011.
watches for presale reserve yours tonight!
Provides a textbook to a child in Kenya.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms.
Highs around 70.
Southeast...
Wow.
I thought it was joke when I first saw it posted on Facebook.
I'm impressed.
Friends come and go....its a part of life
Blake Griffin's freethrow shooting makes me hurt inside
Effective methods of torture: Jingle  Waterboarding RT Yeah, it's pretty much in line w/ waterboarding
Are you enjoying your doughnuts?
:
thanks for the love bro!!!
ShaxinLove was a pretty good movie, but I did find myself explaining to students the difference between historical fiction
Congrats to Phil Jackson on a fantastic career
I hate while waiting in a doctorve thru..the person ahead of me is smoking in their car and makes my car smell like an ashtray.
I want some mustard
What do you do when you know you fucked up, and that person is still there waiting for everything to get better.?
if Niall is smoking i don't care, if he wants, well, he can do it.
I'm going to support him anyways :
10FactsAboutMe I'm self conscious, fat, ugly, hate myself, take everything too seriously,...
Do you like Edgar Allan?
loved 1st class;already observing benefits from the emphasis on ujjayi breathmovement integration;can't wait for tomorrow!
:
Yes He does!!!!
Beautiful Mother's Day weekend!
The first one I ever remember where there were no lilacs in bloom for a mother's bouquet.
chipped tooth.
does it have to be in front?
toobrokeforthedentist.
conf pres tmister should be giggles.
damn it.
ENKG...
L2 SIMPLY AMAZING!!!
SLAP THE ASK AND WERE OFF TO DOLLARLAND!!!
Something about Texas BBQ on a Friday just makes you smile.
those runnerds r !
RT : PHOTO ALERT!
CHECK 'EM OUT!
hey runnerds!
we had a...
Thanks!
Looking forward to getting to know more people in Austin now that I live here.
:
his brothers derek and jesse!!
my three sons!
you're welcome!
you're too good of a person to have things bothering u 
Santa Fe: Nov.
11, 12  13 visit Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe.
Support Green Art  tell your friends
Very nice...
Rebellion  Passion  The Rockstar.
You fascinate by being unique, artistic, and unorthodox.
funny when one ends up having brunch at same resto as ex  his new wife  one/ex's old 'song' starts to play  one laughs instead of cries!
DM me with your email.
Have more on the shooting.
I love you too!
Thank so much cutie.
xo 
Thanks to everyone who joined us tonight!
You can see our work at for the next 6 months!
I just realized I'm on my account...
That explains why the News Feed was still in October....
There is some bull hook'n going on tonite!!!
Clown got a bit of a ride.
guys are hilarious would love to see more
yummy and feeling know pain after two glasses...lol!
wasn't up to going out myself but i could've used a cuddle buddy tonite.
We can special order the size you need.
Call CS and we'll get you set up.
ight I want them forsure don't sell them to someone else on me
Thanks so much, everyone, for joining us today!
Follow to stay part of the MainStreet conversation.
Gay Hoes These Days..
No Class.
My bed is amazing this am...Feeling a bit Divaish not in a hurry to get to the salon...
A heroic effort here this one.
BullyingPrevention GayRights SameSexEquality Support if u can.
I gotta pee so bad.
3 reasons why I cuss: 1 Because I fucking want to.
2 Because I fucking can.
3 Because I don't give a fuck.
text me back!!!!
Lemme find me something ta wear
yay!
Thanks for mentioning me in your post!
:
you would Ash
Done and done.
And we hope to be doing it next month and the month after that, etc.
...
On the line Rotties  Kell'd, Maulers  Gwar, big hit on Gwar slows her, but Beecher all over Kell'd, no lead yet
quot;a different kind of spacequot;
What's everybody doctornking tonight?
This year is flying by.
another early day tomorrow.
Wish me luck!
Golfers Love Power!
Order today and get yours by Christmas!
www.powerchutesports.com
100grand I'd move out of Wisconsin right after Scott Walker wins recall election.
I am embarrased to be a resident here.
hey!
i just dm'ed you a question about the street team to make sure of something!
:
I would totally let you deliver my baby.
I love more than he loves me!:D
60yearold author and entrepreneur aims to smash motorbike landspeed record  and raise 1 billion for charit...
bonneville salt flats ;P
Just noticing this tweet way to go!
just saw this!
I hope it went super!
Find joy everywhere and leave it behind you when you go.
Faber
Where's the best place to learn about hybrid classes?
My students expressed trepidation about elearning but perhaps that's a compromise?
I really hate girls who blame the entire male population for being jerks after their boyfriend breaks up with them.
I try!
Thanks!!
I can't wait to record for the Mad Scientist podcast tomorrow.
The fbomb is like air to me...how censored am I?
:
How tragic would it be if I accidentally stepped on my niece's JustinBieber CD?
I'm glad she loves music but I'm DYING over here!
need my long hair back
I've been in every state but Hawaii so far I'm at home here in
how about not giving airtime to unrepentant cheaters whilst they are still banned?
you are so thoughtful my love thank you for being such a wonderful person.
X
was good cuh
it already felt like they were shooting into something as big as your mother in the 1st.
You didn't see that coming, did you?
My family is so serious about this egg toss lmao
Thank you!
Visiting family and spending time in the desert.
I hope to come back soon to visit more of the city!
Getting settled in Greensboro, NC!!
Jk we got lost
I'm 75 sure that message I left on a potential employer's voicemail is my worst yet.
My Morning Jacket tonight at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium at 7:30pm
I KNOW!
I caught that..Lol.
It's possible to think that all of this stuff is important and recognize also that some of it is more heavily symbolic.
Some people hear voices.
Some see invisible people.
The rest have no imagination whatsoever.
RT : The unofficial kickoff for summer fun starts next Friday!
Our Memorial Day holiday weekend includes fireworks,......
Boss took me out to lunch today to a restaurant
Lol yeah.
My 2nd block teacher is scary lol.
So I wld defenitly not have it on lol
met a lot of celebrity types in radio, Adam gets the class act column.
Genuine guy with good heart.
I guess I will take your silence as a no then.
Awesome.
Huckleberry Jones sounds like the name of a comic book character
In Europe, Some Lovers of the BlackBerry Now Seek A New Flavor
very cool.
Saw you  SXi, btw.
You were great.
Big fan of your pod, also.
Do you have plans for the next episode?
Just finished chatting w/ former Brewers  current Dodgers IF Jerry Hairston, Jr.
Took time out despite preparing for start
The distance can separate two eyes, but never two hearts...
Thanks for the FF mention!
Also saw the best friend of one of my best friends at Akron tonight and got a text from the other a few days ago
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
what is your play about?
Yeah that was David Berkowitz.
I'm trying to bring the good back to our family name!
hey Hannah.
You're so close to 800 followers!!
:D
just started book 2 of The Hunger Games.
I can't put it down!
Nah, I'm a country fan.
Dude puts on a great show.
Platinum Rule of Business: Do unto others as they want done onto them.
Girls that know how to pearl blunts 
In Saul Bellow LETTERS editor B.
Taylor painstakingly thanks wide web of literati who helped him but misspells our own Elmer L Andersen.
lol forreal doe i cant take it no more.
Niggas is hungry but aint got no food
Haha on this show I was watching at work this kid was coughing  these little girls just walked away, hecka messed!
Congrats and best of luck!
Great coaching call today soo blessed to have found such an amazing coaching group
Okay, first day of class.
Go.
When asked where the millions of women who use PlannedParenthood health services would go if PP were not available, said...
Mob movies for the weekend :
haha!
All votes count  even yours ; Like the new professorle pix!
I know it is.
I'm playing with ya.
Sorry to say that I'm not shocked by the Davonte Neal situation.
His dad sat in when I interviewed Davonte last month and had plenty to say.
hear hear.
are these tech jobs?
I thought maybe that was just part of the culture ...
That would really break the ice...
;
RT : Watched nbc's RockCenter hit job on S.A.'s Texas Biomedical Research Institute.
Biased hack job to get funding for...
thank you a ton!!!
Hey Brewers fans, we got our guy going against the Braves on BaseballIQ on MLB Network tonight at 8:30!
Holy shit.
Made some dope merch last night.
Still a little doctornk.
En route to Milwaukee for a gig will be tweeting all the way!
Mystery novel, blog post, TOTAL RECALL, and Kindereggs.
likewise, enjoyed chatting, see you at one of the events !
awww baby : feel better!!!!
i got the picture.
Told you id get the last laugh.
Justin Bieber coming out with Mayweather
awful.
Anyone who still thinks GOP is waging a war on women is not paying attention.
Going out 2 eat .
Bears Bears Bears
HAHA Don't tempt me.
Ugh .
Time for school 
as long as no resources were wasted to view it then I suppose it is acceptable
I miss you, too.
Also, I hope your desk is just a hot man on all fours.
I would swear the guy next to me at the bar is actively hogging right now, except he seems way too excited.
maybe she doctorgged him?
Hi AmberJoi, I'm the editor for HighGlitzLounge.
Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
Somebody took the A/C out of ACM!
Waiting for the repairman but in the meantime it is hot in here!!
Sometimes you just gotta let haters hate lol!
CueTIsMotivation haha damm twitter, hating on you.
Wow never seen  Mayweather get hit like this ...
I like it!
I ain't ever root for a puerto rican in my life but I am tonight!
let's do it!
I'll try to connect with you at to plan.
got Heart Attack on repeat!
I 3 his words  voice!
Check out H.
Mintzberg's Strategy Safari  awesome resource available free online in pdf with creative googling.
i love it when a song describes exactly how you feel.
turntoyou reminds me do much of everything my mom went through to raise me as a single parent.
Once again, thank you 3

Finish The Sentence  Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there...
with?
Top Tweets on: www.Chasing800.com
hey big man where were you for the match this morning?
mm will stay at home with family :D wbu?
Mark Ragan is presenting some very compelling SM tools and resources at the Mayo Clinic SM Boot Camp.
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
I have ate an insane amount today.
Totally agree!
Night night!
: 3
Have a great weekend!!!
Are you a teacher?
Did you attend IRA2012?
Did you get to see talk about ZillyDilly's place in the classroom?
Let us know!
I always did want something named after me.
I'm done
But I thought all the doctor Whos were on the tallish side.
:
pretty good hard to explain
I'll be waiting
Will see who laugh last RT : , now u know waht it was like 4 the American ppl now u were ignored during tax negot.
starting this weekend ima be on grind wit the tweet  posts, just tryna make it, follow me plz, im tryna hop on that GOOD MUSIC bandwagon!
crispin's cider.
Darn.
Thanks for letting me know!
how wonderful for you Herb!!!
Glad you had a great Mother's Day!!!
and hope you will have another beautiful wknd  Aoede 
You know your getting a prime education when you watch the Matrix in sociological theory...
is this just bait?
it's not intolerance when the other side works to suppress your rights  force their beliefs into law.
we miss you too!!!
Wishing you were here with us!
leaving MIA tomorrow taking the girls to Disney this should be interesting
thats not bad!
Its worth every penny imo!
It's around 15 here.
We import it : Belje Grasevina
Well, that was a nice quarterandahalf reprieve for the defensive coach.
Hope en enjoyed it.
CONGRATS TIGERS!!!!
Big win over Alabama!
90 and ranked 1 in the nation feels good!
:D
God morning :
I want some cookies  cream ice cream
Facebook users; check us out on MooreabeachLV.
See you there also!
Just because hasnt followed,retweeted,or tweeted u doesn't mean she hasn't seen ur tweets.She may have seen one  smiled.3
I'd like him better if he didn't swear so much.
doctornk of the day is our GREAT Pumpkin Pie Latte.
10, 20, 30 SALE off entire store continues today.
Come on in SHOP, SIP, and SAVE!
Working to do this through events, online opportunities, media relations.
It's a newish position.
Started in 7/09.
u in atl yet?
Start a kickstarter.
I'm sure you can raise the cash by the end of the day.
We need it in the office.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
WA WA WA WA :
we gotta hang this summer..
Off to London tomorrow.
Love doesn't even scratch the surface for my feelings toward Paris.
3
It's hard to find anyone to trust
Reverse gear is selected and the pedal is all the way down to the floor.
i need to sue him for trademark infringement!
the Kanye West episode.
I was like  I was on his page and a fan before we were ebb called GRANDerz.
Lol It was so long ago..
thanks for the follow  welcome!
Bored, bored, boring.
I think I'm ready for school Monday : so sad
crazy cheerlearders on air now
your new picture is gorgeous.
Word for Today: Are you Ready.
I'm Ready.
and no, I was not at Ron Paul.
Don't even get me started on how mad I was haha.
I had Journalism class AND I was sick with a fever!
Magic hands hold the indexes and incite short covering rally into the close.
Could last a few days
is a great opener for !
Fun band.
H well lets just say he put me in my thought process of what life is worth living for, but I'm over it now at least.
RNGeezies for life!
:D
I agree, so we should refrain from retweeting that sort of rubbish :o
Well I got that covered  as cute and charming as them all...but I weigh as much as all of them put together.
Still interested?
I have to be frank I like being online especially when I'm not working!
So how people get their work done and be on twitter all dam day!?!?
Didn't Marx say he looked forward to a society where we work in morning, learn in afternoon, and doctornk TWO Cokes at night?
My after school routine 
fuck Mario Costa's gonna make me cum 3
nice meeting you
Which games do you play?
RPGs?
I wish I was in New Orleans right now!!
That was the longest train ever
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jackson Everhart Rising 9th Fort Collins, CO Travel Team: Fever Black Small Forward 62
Ah the devine aroma of fresh basil, a bunch in a glass in the kitchen, post farmers' market visit this a.m.
Good morning, Texas!
Only a connection and 10 ungraded papers between me and PHX.
Last day of the semester in Tempe!
Every book is a childoctorn's book if the kid can read!
Mitch Hedberg
Hey I think we still need to paint Vajenna tunnel!
yeah cause ur a fag
i.feel.like.shit....this.sucks.butthole...
Ready for lunch?
How about Chicken Bruschetta Penne?
Grilled chicken, balsamic roasted tomato, fresh basil  goat cheese!
01/24/10, I posted: Is it me, or are the refs allowing the Saints a few too many Cheap Shots?
Saints NFL C'mon Favre
Getting some ideas at the IT interest group.
FF these amazing guys
Are you a local lajolla sandiego business wanting an effective marketing campaign?
Dm your email and lets get started!
thanks for RT!
missed you.
Was there yesterday :
I need a week or two off just to get caught up :/
Movie theater chairs are THE MOST uncomfortable thing in this entire world...
I can't even enjoy my movie
No....
e.e you're not obese.
hey hey hey, you're only like an inch taller!
western ave okc.
With no warning.
If you can't say anything good about someone  here, sit right here by me.
Haha!
I have a boyfriend
oh i see 3 aw feel better
I'm loving the ride i get from these new shocks.I'm officially ready to take on the road, any road!!!!
that is us tomorrow!!!!
Housekeeper Thursday!
Home sweet home 
I know the feeling.
Going to do a major closet clean out and list stuff on ebay!
not too late for summer rite?
I need some plans for bday weekend need help
Hallelujia Chorus ringing out from all corners of Milwaukee, tonight...then I had to close windows...rain.
ill think bout it
RT  Might be going to a Patriots game this season in New England near Christmas time, possibly the Colts, Dolphins o...
I love Chicago!
What a great city
Seems like Apple hates Facebook just as much as Google now
BTW, redesigned my blog a bit.
Hope it's more engaging.
www.stagemomma.wordpress.com...
thoughts?
Alganon Trivia!
What is the name of the race the side of Chaos created in response to the Kodian?
First correct answer wins a beta key!
I myself would be very sad to see 's awesome features go away, too.
Oh of course, you guys are amazing!
Friday's show was one of the best shows I've seen!
Ridiculous talent and energy  hilarious!
Omw to D.Mills
Lower body  Intense stretching  45 minutes on the exercise bike  plank.
And, Day 2 of my no carb challenge COMPLETE!!!
what part of the US do u live in
gotcha, just busting your chops
after shooting 27.8 from the field and committing 10 TO's, the Jam are only down 6points at the end of the first period
Socrata is looking for permanent or contract web developers in Seattle.
Virtual is OK for an exceptional candidate.
LMK if interested
the Rangers going to the WORLD SERIES!!!!
Ruff day.
Under tornado watch all day w/heavy rain  thunderstorms lightning strikes made 4 a bad recording day.
Starting over 2morrow
I like this, mostly 'cause I'm not tapering at all.
I took 6 weeks off in the middle of training, body's rested enough, damnit!
Don't speak 3
I really want to make a pistachio flavored cupcake.
The spiced chai tea ones me and my friend made months ago came out so well!
sorry, I'm new to AA!
Still learning your ins  outs...
Talk to us.
We talk back.
zach
You don't have to feel like a waste of space.
You're origial, cannot be replaced.
3
Nice.
Just tell em to stop flyin all those black helicopters and then they'll leave you alone.
I don't think Kobe was to happy Steve Blake took that shot lol!
well I slept when I walked through the flower garden apparently
Playing in NYC tomorrow at AngelsKings, 7:45pm sharp!
21 and up to enter 5 at the door!
500 East 11th street
Sustainability more than thought at ubuffalo.
Art, science and technology merge at solar strand
Apparently I'm the only employee who speaks Spanish at SamsClub today.
I've had to translate a few times.
It's fun and I LOVE it!
:D
I wish that you will see this because I would LOVE it if u did and followed me3 ily
July 1933:Nazis pass law allowing for forced sterilization of those found by a Hereditary Health Court to have genetic defects.
artpolitics phase 2: voices of the dead ie wandering soul campaign in Korea
Braves Home Opener tonight!
Painting ceilings is the WORST.
Ow!
GLOSS Moderne HighGloss Shampoo extends the life of a keratin treatment
Workouts these last couple of nights have been so good!!
An amazing reliever to the boatloads of stress and tension...
Let's go SJSHARKS let's close this thing out today.
Yeah buddieee!
Do it!
You know what you guys should come to SEATTLE WASHINGTON next month
Thankz 4 following mauh so how can I be a angle??
Shoutout to all my new followers!!
Still trying to figure this Twitter shit out!!Peace and
To follow Britney Spears or not to follow..
hm....
Nancy Friday When I stopped seeing my mother with the eyes of a child I saw the woman who helped me give birth to myself.
My rain dance appeared to have worked for a little bit, guess I better get back out and shake my booty a little more!
Reagan quote on Sat's show can't be from 1983.
John Chancellor calls Reagan Governor.
By 83, Reagan was Prez.
cc:
i pod kick ass man oh yeah
I'm with you...
it's such a timeless song it's great
I feel so close to you right now, it's a force field 3
I am so excited for your new show tonight.
I watched your comedy show marathon today in preperation.
:
Settling in for a few minutes with my new issue of Tattoo Savage before bed.
SO pooped.
Come on Friday!
just writing a song...
i don't know if it's a good song or not lol
Love it!
If Van, StL, NAsh  Hawks advance.
Van vs Hawks  StL vs Nash LA wins.
StL vs LA, Nash vs Hawks.
Which is better for Hawks?
Had a bad doctoram and woke up with a broken heart.
everybody don't eat too much
Here's this week's DC fun fact!
At the LincolnMemorial, HonestAbe 's hands are in the shape of his initials in AmericanSignLanguage!
:
Lmao!
Not even!
:p
buy me a pool 
Apparently talking about periods make people uncomfortable.
Seeing as the vast majority of the population tend to speak in runon sentences.
Southern Nights  MarBar in Royal Palm Beach.
Great first night.
It's every Saturday night w dance classes w the Chicks from 810pm.
Hey that's cool NBC thanks for finally putting a game on the main network.
Where are you going?
thanks  and looking forward to it!
couldn't be better georgeweezy lol.
I'm in a great place in life.
How's it 4 u.
We'd love any and all RTs on that info about our next Flatstock, ff love too!
Thank you!
Where are we?
What the hell is going on?
yep, I'll do that for you at 3:15p in the
broken thumb are you kidding me???
Cutler has actually been pretty badass lately, this sucks.
My mom just told me her corndog is hard..
Join us for our last weekend at Living As Form.
Thursday: Alphabet City Acupuncture, Local Spokes  LES SquatterHomesteader Archive!
Actually looking like New England weather outside  Let it snow
Awww It's soo adorable!
Unlike you :p
Done Follow Back ?
:
Thanks, Erica.
We're all very excited about creating a neighborhood group serving the interests of area businesses and residences.
You're right, you're right that was a fake smile.
And you're right, you're right I am in denial.
YouWasCuteUntil I saw your true personality...
Me: mom my internet security is almost done i need you to redo it My mom: you got 70?
Me: no Mom: then your screwed wow thanks
Another reason the industry should embrace irfd tagging
just wrapped up a speedbusters shoot w/ Mt Pleasant Police.
Good timing because it's starting to rain.
ah well good luck
b, ridiculous notion
My programmer friends are talking.
They mentioned STDcoloncolonswap.
That sounds fucking disgusting.
u do no don't
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you You are withholding from the world.
lol I'll be doing the same..
Brewer game tonight.
Pregaming with my Bernie garden gnome.
He likes to party.
Big questions at John Meyer cies2012 keynote, responding to world system argument
Got old handle back.
:
Friends is really a fantastic TV show.
I love it!
Randy ass car.
A good BA is worth his weight in gold.
CHICAGO!!
CHICAGO!
My mission is to win those tickets for May 30th..
You're the shit :
Awesome news!!!!!
too busy for my own good, but slowing down a bit now.
Just started freelancing, so it's a new world!
good or bad?
congrats!
wish you coulda been a MN Viking but hey  NY ain't bad either!
God bless u as you move Tebow mania to the Big Apple!
Do not try to minimize me so that you can seem much bigger
follow me on Istagram Loves 
can't wait for your premiere at SXSWis it badge holder's only?
Tailgating with franziiskaner, shook hands with pirates president coonley.
What's the better part of that story.
now blasting BlowYourSpeakers by none other than
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us..
NmisteralEstate was there a specific topic or have you finished?
Oh you have no idea.
This bitch detective is about to get a serious ear full of Tiffany.
there are a ton of relatively inexpensive tickets to Uk's game in NYC in November on stub hub
Like free food?
Eating at Tommy Bahama?
Say password RELAX to your waitperson before 4/19.
You'll like the result.
you cant whoop me thats all i know...so
Okay, So upsetting...
The one day I plan something it decides to be a cloudy day..
WTF!!!
whatever, no cloudy day will ruin this plan!
I don't get why some people look away when they are talking to you.
my child is sick  cranky :
or a doctorm corps/indoor line is practicing by ya...
Or they are playing alone.
Lol
You are the furry, aren't you!?
Wish I could be spiderman
RT : Today's TEDEd: The brand new TEDEd website is launching tomorrow!
woh woh woh don't be showing off now, lol....1 a week is a good pace for me...you doing more buisness stuff or SEO web stuff?
Your life you will meet two type of people.The ones that build you up and the ones that will brake you down In the end you will thank them
Employment Coaching Sat.
from 102pm  506 Central Ave for resume building, public speaking, interview prep, etc.
We've got great services!
RT : Karl: My hope and desire is to continue to be a playoff team.
should I worry too much about the fructose composition of various fruits?
Don't ever worry about ur future love.
U r beautiful  misterright will show up when u least expect it.
Thanks Robyn!
How could anyone not want to see a devops presentation w/ raccoons AND koalas?
:
Haha, you've done your part, Mike.
Of course, we'd always love an RT of the trailerit's been getting a lot of love lately.
: Thanks to and for helping me host some fantastic events this year.
Thank u!
Feeling worse today than yesterday...
I think next year I need to do some kind of marathon training to prepare for Rage lol
nope.
mention me last in a tweet how dare you.
not friends in my book.
swagggie
Just a reminder that the 43rd doesn't have a meeting tonight  every year in August we have our picnic instead.
See you on Sept.
20th!
worked on beatz all day..hard work
AskRyan Who's your favorite superhero?
:
U go girl!
Awesome!
Keep it up Eric!
Looking for a company to install a couple windows in Commerce City, CO.
Who wants the job?
Cycling class nearly killed me.
In st.louis to speak at an international center, 2 schools, and 4 church services.
Please pray that will speak thru me loud and clear!
Via BGN's NJBammer: What player did you see in college that you think will have best pro career and why?
Oh, and did I mention that I've got Girl Scout cookies?!
This day is kicking ass!
done and done.
That looks amazing!!!!!!!!!!!
Salivating.
RT Luck is quite predictable.
If you want more luck, take more chances.
Be more active.
Show up more often.
Brian Tracy
hahaha yes.
I felt bad.
He played a great game.
The malts for the South Wedge Summer Wheat are milled and ready to be brewed in the next few days!
Thursday the only place to be is fiesta grill in phx 16th n roosevelt.
album release party!
Co hosted by Rt.
Final total for June  we raised 110 for Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs.
Thanks to all who donated!
Doctor wishin me happy birthday and shit that's love
Will have to try these sometime but I'm only running 6 miles.
Not up to the big leagues yet!
In MKE, we'd love to host you for a visit to one of our schools where our corps are working to support students.
I totally agree.
He never should have done it.
Inexcusable.
But does he have a right in the theatre to not label it fiction?
I'm chewing gum, walking my dog and tweeting all at the same time.
Long live the CIAholes!
Going to see future for the first time tonight...
Stayin up all night to get on Bangkok time.
Wish me luck!
;
I swear I always feel better after I go for my jogs
Friday the 13th.
Guess who's Freddy..
Wheels up back to dc
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW SanDisk 16 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card
yes both of them.
haha
You don't have to be great 2 get started, but you have 2 get started to be great by Les Brown
Go Cats!!
Congrats to Coach Calipari, Buster Brow, and the whole Big Blue Nation comebackforseconds!
So I assume you would trade places with Katie Holmes in a heart beat correct?
The Nathan's fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest is America's way of giving the finger to every 3rd world country
Good night of Arabian Nights pinball at Shotwell's.
didn't save the princess tho.
QUOTE OF THE DAY: Your should read it.
It's a book about how to make your website for the internet.
I know, right!
It was really funny but unnerving.
:
Hello Matt Nordegren at LH gym.
How's that stair master treating you
mister is a MACHINE!
As our Feature he finished the College Season 71 37 Unit Return  currently 68 NFL 29 Unit Return!
BPOSport.com

Awesome show last night !
not you...
Is it okay to DISOBEY Local Rule of the N.D Fla.
Federal Court to carry out Autism bullying  abuse of a disabled Plaintiff by an attorney?
yup, just amazing how quickly they achieved their growth 1.8M of wealth created each day of their existence!
ah ur the best daughter ever!!
I love you and I would do anything for you!!
:
are you into fashion shows locally Jenny?
would your 5 year old self look up to who you are now?
think about it
Forecast for Thursday: Sunny.
Highs in the mid 70s.
North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Happy New Year Everyone!!!
:
The countdown clock is started.......
25 days: 11 hours: 59 minutes: 10 second www.sofiafellini.com
I used Coda when I was Macbased.
Loved it.
Had to go PC, use EditPlus now.
Taylor Hicks RT : Bored with this game.
Think I need to totally revamp my music library.
Any band/song recommendations?
lol.
well put.
RT I wish that report also talked about social media as a  of overall revenue.
40 of nothing doesn't mean much
Tried a cheaper cat food and Soot brought roadkill into the house.
Damn, everyone in this family is a foodie.
Re baby squirrel.
That's probably the reason why I liked it.
Gives me reassurance that the world is still loving  helpful
So yeah it was definitely Alli.
FREE MATTHEW TURNER CASE
If Rodgers can't get the job done, I'm sure Flynn can throw for another 480 yards.
Go Pack!
: I wonder if a receptionist at a sperm bank has ever used the phrase thanks for coming now this is what I want to do
Wow!!
There aren't words to describe the beautiful music sung by Choral Union!
Left cheeck, right cheek.
.
doctorft  very easy to stop things in DC.
Corporations can easily get legislators, regulators to not do things
RT I am so very p90xsore today.
Why didn't someone remind me that writingexercise
And thanks for responding to the last couple of questions I've asked!
Prequalify to win the prize pak library listen  win .com
Diggin' the tunes.
RT : We may affirm absolutely that nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.
Hegel
don't let your right hand know what your glad hand is doing: the mark huntsman story
I think he could have used more work on smoothing out those awkward pauses but overall he said the things people needed to hear
Please post video link ASAP.
I can send that along to the jazz programmers mailing list and see what happens.
Let me email you in a sec...
What good does it do to have a Bucket List if your Bucket has a whole in it?
Lisa Morgan
MedlinePlus.gov is a very reliable medical resource, but god, it's search function stinks
Picked a perfect day to wear a white shirt...
haha it's okay :
Odd turn of events.
you are a true inspiration to me and all your fans.
And i absolutely loved your movie Never Say Never !
3 :
Cosign Swag RT : I take better care of my hair than most u bitchess .....
of course that's all you want...
lmao junglefever !!!
American criminal justice is frustrating.
Seeing criminals working the street and the innocent locked up.
Our freedom awaits!
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 1
After the rally?
Everyone was an asshole; shoving, cutting 1 another off to get to their cars  being dicks on the road.
Pt 2
I do plan to be at the launch attempt.
See you there!
Yes your tweets are showing up :
We are NOW HIRING Promoters  Bartenders  Bottle Girls.
Send Resume to:
you tearing up those mean streets of Washington bro?
Hope it's not raining.
I hear mother nature gets it in that way
rangers won.
I choose love, passion,  extreme faith in a predestined plan for my life!
I also choose to deeply care for teenagerstough wrk
The Great Gatsby in 3D?
Here's hoping they doctorp Rambo in there.
who slapped themselves on that verse?
Whoa fb chat online by accident  I get 6 Hi's from random guys.
That's why I always keep it turned off smh
Glancing quickly at this I saw you saying something about rubbing one out : Feels great to run one out on my home turf!
My mom finally ordered my internal hard doctorve for my laptop, yes!
I love your song Call Me Maybe
Finished A business litig.
binding arbitration.
Closing arguments by briefing instead of live.
Mid 6 figures at stake in 2 related cases.
A cappuccino with a swirl of foam in the shape of a heart.
MY GIRLFRIEND BEING A ASSHOLE I need convo people
so tired
I've never seen such a huge case of spring fever as this week at Georgetown.
trying to!
This service is more intimate.
Thank you and have a wonderful Thanksgiving this season.
Any arena/fan base that uses the chicken dance at a playoff game does not count as true hockey fans
Happy Fat Tuesday!!
Can't wait to watch tomorrow night : Cheers to Mardi Gras!
RT Trying to kill a spider but you missed and thinking, It's going to kill me in my sleep
: Well the T is a disaster...going on 45 min commute.
twitter is for news Michael.
You know that.
breitbart is the reason I follow most of the people I follow and the reason I know about the conservative movement.
Will be missed!
aww ok.
Well next time u come back on this side of the map u should let me know
Looking forward to seeing you at NAKland on May 21.
YOU FAN, YOU BELIEBER
Tiger!!!
Im his good luck charm.
3 birdies since I started watching.
I would be a mess!
I really hope they find it.
I know how much work you put into your pieces.
I'm so proud of my babies.
:'
Life knocks u down but,God will always help u back up.
May God bless u and his Angels surround u.
Congrats on 25 years of highlighting the best in WI
MT : a BIG thank you for going to attawapiskat and the worldwide attn u r bringing to this.
THANK U
Grossman out  Rinaldo not suspended is good for the pens.
Rinaldo will take at least one dumb penalty.
PCGaming is not dead nor will it ever be.
It's alive and spreading to the masses with new devices, apps and freetoplay games.
ImHopingThat a hole in the ground opens up while u walking and u fall in
Happy Belated Birthday!!
:
its nitetime in dallas and still 100 degrees outside smfh
I'm sorry but unless your playing for the buccos which isn't out of the question it's unacceptable
ha I was like damn he can almost shake his ass better than me LOLOLOL
It's raining outside.
Time to go to deep thoughts mode......
Nice!
Love the pecs!
ok, we just upgraded to newest Flash, maybe that fixes the issue.
It looks like a Flash rendering problem.
When the Brewers signed Doug Davis?
Bynum got taught something real quick
TRUTH IS WHEN I SAY I LOVE YOU ND YOU SAY IT BACK
Sold.
I totally should've taken Amtrak.
If only I'd known I'd be coming from OAK...
I'm not with my mom, she's in Brazil!
but we had lunch together on Skype!
D lovetecnology!
I always doctoram too much and never sleep enough
Bella's Pizza in Smyrna?
Don't mind if I do :
Dallas clubbin with my bitches
Sad I have to miss this year but looking forward to it next year
Pocket universe?
Is that a Men In Black 2 reference?
I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed
Just bought my tickets for the Mets game on Friday!
YES!
A live wiiirrrreeeeeeee
onlyskinnyppl wear tight ass shit and create a movement

Quicken Loans for the last segment of today's event
Great film B Harbet!
Harper went yard tonight
Gorgeous weather here in Traverse City!
Get out and enjoy all this sunshine.
March is Voter Awareness Month!
nope, we'll have people at the Texas Ironman, but I'll be on vacation.
The NewYorkKnicks choked and I am so disappointed that I probably will not even watch the next game; we are awful in the fourth quarter.
This makes ideal sense for FB since they only care about what is of the moment to keep building their momentum.
FB is annoying.
shout out!!
Fisher is more of a Trojan mule.
Slow, small, and a mix between a horse and an ass.
you were being sarcastic about the overboard comment right?
the morning is flying!
hopefully the afternoon does the same
UNCHARTED3 BEST PS3 GAME EVER!!!!!!
you're making me extremely excited to see tomorrow.
great space here in SOMA SF very clean, quiet and comfortable.
Love having multiple option to go to in the city
hahah seben.
Well, your show was great last night.
:
Poor man..in the face
I like how as soon as I beat Hour of Twilight, my step mom said she was at my house.
I didn't think I was going to beat it in time.
:P
I could sure use an episode of Doctor Who tonight!
Thanks for sharing, Beautiful piece,
2am and I am making red velvet cupcakes for an early morning delivery.
and tonight at Anybody else stoked?
why r u there..
At least I know I'm not alone in bemoaning lack of support / followup from re: AMEX failing to update.
Thanks, tweeps
I'm just thinking of stuuff..
I don't know...
just thinking.
Ha.
Long story.
That really made my day
lame niggas be quiet you in the presence of a real nigga
Madison Tweeps: check p2 of 2day...great article, Know Your Madisonian by Thx 4 the heads up Dennis :
Simply put, I love 's free private git and mercurial repos.
I'm just wondering why the hell pistol dueling fell out of vogue.
American presidents used to shoot people left and right.
Why'd that end?
Welcome new follower  amazing Vegas attraction !
Slow talkers suck.
beating on prime ministers?
Niiiceee
Thanks for the RT!
About that time for the FREE wine tasting.
Cheers!
International book club for reading coffee in Japan!
Shoutout to for being my bestest friend ever!
3 Go follow her
okay, so NBC management couldn't leave Eureka alone
baby we were born to love.
Someone standing near me at is eating a McDonald's value meal
You think Kobe has bubbleguts or leaky faucet?
RT : Childoctorn built aircraft for Barrington Irving to fly around the world!
u look amazing with dark hair
599 calories above sea level
hey....stop trying to steal Jesus' birthday!
I just wanna go on a bike ride
okay, then this weekend.
amanda brandon and troy :  we will have a spare bedoctorom for you to crash in
Really salty today
.
Hi Naomi.
Nice that u got to connect  catch up w/ ur brother.
I'm still hoping to have a cup of coffee/doctornk w/ u next trip.
:
Was this filmed before or after he quit the church?
RT : Mary Mary done called Mase for a feature.
Jesus, guide the bus!
I've been getting shit for hating on Hanie too, looks like we're right though!
If ur that one person who always lies people know it so don't try to convince people to believe anything u say work in the am night :
The FTHB tax credit ends in less than 3 weeks.
Don't let 8,000 slip away from you!
the results are in 3 A's 2 B's, coulda done better but
Honk Honk
Why the hell is my old twitcon showing :
Is Karl Rove's face available?
MT : Dealing w/ Bain now requires putting a human face on Romney business background.
Can someone tell me how to insert a picture into a DEN blog?
well if I went from having 90 days to having a lot more it would look like I was lying on the reporting to them.
that is concern
SUNRISE PHOTOSHOOT AT THE BEACH THIS SUNDAY JULY 10TH.
MESSAGE ME IF INTERESTED.
Happy EarthHour  the lights are down here at BIN 36, are yours?
u are so twitterfied.
How's the life going bro?
If you see today, make sure to wish him a happy birthday.
He's 16!
Yikes!
Happy New Year
Codename kids next door....my newest/oldest favorite show 3 ;
Cutch is Clutch!
Your haiku tumblr is fantastic.
Just wanted you to know you have 1 loyal reader.
I got freaked out about the plane shaking and not being able to hold steady.
Now, I'm sequestered in memphis.
The quandary: Standby on a flight already mechanically delayed an hour or stay on my departure in an hour on a sound bird?
Thanks!
: I feel great about it now!
Gonna give it my all!
I owe it to my coach!
McKenna: go to my Facebook page.
It's the doctordge report of Wisconsin
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
that shit is tight cuz I feel y'all flow man yall killed that thang
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Happy birthday doctor Seuss!
Wondering when cankles will become a favored body part.
I don't doubt that to be honest.
Unfortunately, it can't all be fake accounts.
Some fans are just that crazy.
i'm sorry for real, though.
Is it Saturday yet?
We can't wait for , The Winemakers, to host The Rhone Valley, A river Runs Through It.
Seems too complicated, plus I think it would need a gesture version to gain traction.
Jersey Shore soon :
All parts of a perfomance are important,do NOT underestimate the details
Too scared to lead climb today.
Think I'll stay at home to watch videos.
edusadoha useful discussions and best practices on US and MENA university linkages
Hug your dog.
Let him/her know how much you love them.
true but be patient.
yours will be joining the Mavs next week as well.
they can fish together.
peace out and have a good 1
Have a wonderful night everyone!!!
Swtdoctorams :
some really embarassing after taking it lolol
Support Envy Protege Designs by visiting the Face Book Envy Protege Designs and clicking Like!
Thank You!!!
every click isa BIGsupport3
not yet, but we did have a bacon tart, bacon chocolate chip cookie, and bacon ice cream last night at
This lady sitting behind me not only speaks a different language but keeps looking at me as if she is going to rob me when I fall asleep
I gave in!
I'm officially on twitter...
Today is the info meeting for dance at the highschool!!!!!
Be sure to make it out Sunday at 1 pm for our match against Jacksonville!
Congrats!
Hope you had a great run!
Just had the most amazing dinner courtesy of Edge Hill College, Lancashire w/ and Jane Clarke Rocks!
doctorve down pch to pacifica today....Ridic!
Good to have ya back in norcal.
We been holding it down for you
All in good time!
You'll get it all done, and it will be fabulous.
Very saddening no one my age thinks of the thinks I think of......
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Howdy!
New to the twitters?
would love to learn more about the available dev API.
, thanks!
true test of character: it isnt how u are on ur best days, its how u are on ur worst days.
reality tv  life lessons.
At least 's Twitter professorle picture is appropriate.
Time to relax
lucky well that's true i wonder if she will make you sit there and do nothing.
Friday dinner with some friends and probably costume and club on sat!!!
Want to come to dinner Friday???
UC Davis students, this alumna and former staff member is proud of you.
Keep up the good, peaceful work.
Why you gotta be on my friends tho...like tf.
aha damn.
I wanna go to queens and the bronx today but I have too much hw :
Preperation  Audition 'd My CALL BACK!
Under the federal tax code, the NFL is classified as a nonprofessort organization.
awesome!
When will you be on?
Thanks again for the connection ..
I had a great time with 's crowd tonight.
Success  They can because they think they can.
Did line 14 hawthorne to SE Foster just stop..yes I am the reason..catchUP Belinda Jackson
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Women in Business Conference attendees use kogodwomen to get all the latest updates before and during the conference!
I have to stop working for an early birthday surprise from Greg?
Well...ok.
:
now that I just may believe!
all's fair in the virtual stratosphere
And right now, if I move to twice per week, I'd still have a lot of May covered...
I just had a weird vision of The Battle of Helms Deep and microsized humans.
there's a book called Smashing Wordpress.
It's great at explaining
cool.
Who have you had out there so far?
We should link back up and let me get the acts out there for you.
: Follow and gain 3 followers from me LetsDoit
i kno u do
.
Money can't buy talent.
Auto tune only goes so far.
But hey, if I had the money I'd do the same thing.
Shopping for diamond earrings to cure a crappy day?
Sure, why not.
Friday what?!
What are yall up to this weekened?
How about some FF's?
I'd love it if some of you put me in yours!
:
don't tease me you little lectroid.
Obama announces after soul searching that he now supports gay marriage.
Gee wiz, sure am glad he cleared that up for us!
didnt i text you...and me and jazz walk all the time.
You are losing your lil sis credibility...
i may or may not have eaten a chocolate bar for breakfast this morning.
oops.
yea for sure
Yes!
He just got home from doing standup at a new club,
Love love love stripping to mastodon!!!!!!
Just failed my last algebra II test of the year
last day off before i have to work tomorrow...bouncing is boring as shit on a thurs
IGreat weekend, now time to figure out these next couple days.
How was your weekend?
Will do!
Thanks!
o well ok, dnt b gettin n no trouble I kno where u b , lol
Ok....im listening to French Kiss by n im curious....where is a bottom lip on our pussy?????
I'm pretty sure Crash has that one locked up for the foreseeable firure
FaceOffFridays TheDBSC FTL 'ALL NIGHT!' Come party w/ the young wavy nigga
Everybody is a genius...if U judge a fish by its ability 2 climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that iti s stupid.
Einstein
Boarded the plane.
I have a coffee, a juice, Snickers, Esquire, a book, my glasses, a phone, a Blackberry, an iPod and a pen.
One kid has a threedayold scratch on her elbow she keeps calling attention to.
Now that it's trendy, my whole class has elbow ailments.
its comical how people make assumptions but yet they know nothing about that person
Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk and Kill.
One of my all time favorite novels.
Make sure to read On Stranger Tides as well.
well, I couldn't sound obsessive : 
Congratulations to all the Communication Studies students recognized at the department's Student Achievement Night!
your event was great
Merry Christmas ho ho ho.
Santa came last night I saw him.
It's crazy how people are always expecting others to do things for them when you should take initiative  start doing things for yourself!
please follow me!
:
TO THE WINDOW TO THE WALL TILL SWEAT doctorPS DOWN MY BALLS!!
ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL!
AWWW SKI SKI MOTHER FUCKER3
attended the San Francisco Symphony opening night gala.
Ms.
Jessye Norman was tremendous!
you are rude.
So at I've gotten two new nicknames: TeDiva and Teddy RockSassy lol
Who shops at Thrift Stores or Second Hand Shops?
r u here my love?
I'll have to watch tomorrow.
Thanks wearing sweater that I wore to his show when we got engaged.
just said thats what a 16 year old girl does!
A lifesharing app producing quasiartistic content is not worth 1B.
1M Addoctorids who us it might be though.
2013 :/ but I DO want to come experience Turkey.
Every time I see a doc or TV show about it I think about you 2.
If you over 18 and posting youtube vids everyday for 14 year olds, You need a job
I have too many damn songs to remember these joints.
Thanks for following.
What book are you reading right now?
ℳƴ Twitter  ℳƴ Tweets, Your Opinion Is NOT Always Needed.
TigerI couldnt help but notice your posture putting with these new shoes!
Maybe the change in heal elevation is the problem?
We are too!
It'll be very informative  we'll have refreshments too.
And make sure to bring pen  paper!
8000 Palomas Ave NE, 6pm
Oooohhh tell me what you think.
I'm lovin' on her right now...that's not what I meant...
what day and on what stage are you playing for strawberry jam and toast?
im pretty sure we missed you back ; lol its gorgeous outsidee!!
what are you talking about?
He's great!
I don't want my feelings to be messed with anymore .
Lol, i love how twitter sounds like tweeter with a southern accent
2 great pairs so far!
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
rappingperfection 3
TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR.......that is all we want
thank you.
It and mad men are my priority.
Kimberly Clark employees should take more pride in their premium white paper products
Looking for a web programmer........who is good?
hi!
Is it 9 where you live yet??
Bretana
Including the twelve year olds on SW lmfao
You can't overdose, but it does have a proven laxative effect.
dang, totally missed the Quest for the Lost Maya tonight!
I'm guessing it was an awesome lost hour...
you and your 8 hours a day of writing : I cant wait though to read it !
Instead of publicly wishing my mom a happy Mother's Day, I'm going to call her.
Like in ye olden tymes.
congrats on the new show!
Jim Tressel is my prediction!
Go Colts!
If anyone wanna hang.
I'm sitting in Caffebene.
Excellent view and the MOST comfortable seating area ever.
Except the internet is crap
Forgot how good the Manics are
wat u doin my bday today so proud bout to go to the movies any ways wudupp
ConfessionNight I flirt alot with females
Stories are in my head whispering in my ear to come out.
I'm going to fast today in dedication to a peaceful world.
May humanity's future be bright.
Do not suffer from insanity; you might as well enjoy it..
My cousin just told me he heard dat sum guys where gunna jump me tomorrow.....
idk if ima go to skool tom.
not using correct grammar in my typing beacuse i dont feel like it.
Why would I have a dull aching since I work up this morning in my leg?
Thank you FF goodkarma is always welcome!
thought you turned it in?
most incredible string of hashtags I have read to date...
Today, I hypothesize, men sweated over turkeys.
maybe ill see you there!
the new website looks awesome!
Thanks for the
Fight them for it.
A ticket for 77 in a 70 is garbage to me really.
Sorry that it happened.
Night everybody...
how was the heat game up close?
did tara wear black?
Please follow !!
He will follow back and ladies.....he's quite the hottie;
Ok feeling good today :
So that just happened...
It's official we have reached the 700 followers mark.
Thank you all of your for following.
More news to come.
Coldplay is amazing.
That is all
Huge decision: Leather RockerBig Screen  Bed  20 tube
Watching Paul blart.
Still love this movie
that is so disturbing I can't stand it.
The battle for who's more in the pocket of special interests continues between 
bahahahahaha ya she was for sure.
Bulls are fighting tonight!
Salon Tip: If your salon clients have to wait..
make them wait in the retail area of your salon!
Thanks for the follow, sir!
great to connect with you Beverly!
Its the time of year whe high school kids start to take over my union...
text mee!!:D
me too!
i really miss U...
: I just raised a glass and listened to I feel home in honor of my friend Ricky Hendoctorck.
O.A.R  :
The Fighter has some of the best cocaine scenes I have seen since walking down the lower Eastside of NYC on New Years Eve
rappersbetterthansouljaboy nobody cause they SHOULDA NEVER GAVE YOU NIGGAS MONEY
thingsimiss reality.
When was the last time I spent a whole day without checking out all the nonsense on this interweb thing?
Honored to be a Muskie RT : : Chris Thomas has committed to Xavier.
congrats on the move
tweet me if you want me me to sing to paramore or other songs that you like
hoopin out Pitt if u tryin to go
Thx for the follow....followimg you too!
HappyMothersDay she's not on twitter...
but I miss and love her so very much...
excited to skype today :
Top 3 Natural Stretch Mark Cures  Eliminate Stretch Marks Now ...
I miss your crazy butt !
She dont want me waching porn cause she thinx I get turned on by it WRONG!
I was already turned on b4 I started waching.
I was born that way
It's March 19th, do you know where your birchbox is?
Cause I don't know where mine is....
:
you've never worked in the service industry before, have you?
;
You love us!
Ya u got me there never heard of Clearfield County!!
Hope u have a good time!!
Hey girl!
I got your form.
Just added you to the list.
;
Colt McCoy may go from being displaced by 28yearold Brandon Weeden to backing up younger 28yearold Aaron Rodgers.
yea I was there forever I got shwasted!
Arrieta snares comebacker from Mauer and gets a double play.
Inspired by at wineweb, I'm making new time rules on my computer.
Seeking recommendations for free timemanagement tools.
thank god!
CONGRATULATIONS!
eat up before the honeymoon diet ;
So is it constructable?
: 
Bon Voyage to our Mktg Coord , who's off to Africa for 3 wks, building ball fields w/ Dan Wilson's foundation.
Safe trip.
Looks good to me.
Thanks for the rec.
I dare you to RT this.
Saw thelorax tonight.
Cute, but not many rhymes...not so Suessy.
LOL RT : One thing we all know for certain  Kazaam would never have airbrushed abs.
Great time at Russia House with , , and others.
Postconference excellence!
lol!
I'm wearing red for the Rebs :
There's something called a TV that will still allow you to watch...It's kind of old technology, but I like it!
LOL!
thank you!!!!!
You get a prize now!
lol you know
Sucha relaxing day..
Hahaha yesh victorious I was finally able to change my username and if it didnt change just ignore this tweet
Listening to a Lunch Marketing webinar with and !
finding makeup that's open and getting it all over the place...blush and powder everywhere...
This old lady's wandering through the grocery eating everything in sight and stuffing the wrappers in her pockets.
Why do people spell things wrong ON PURPOSE?
aw.
good luck, dear.
Ugh my goodness!
I don't watch tv, I watch Starcraft :D
the original vetoed trade was already giving up way too much for Paul...
perhaps L.A.
realized Stern did them a favor
oh  BTW..
did you read the little note I left you in your agenda?
;
bring a friend and split a bottle of wine with dinner tonight  1/2 off!!!!
Action: The widow Gaddafi sends me an email to help her transfer funds.
My Reaction: Yeah, let me get on that...
Pay attention to what people do, not what they say
Doing my part!
This i think is my favorite quote for all you sports fans out there
Deloitte is onsite auditing r books  sent a box of cupcakes 4 their hard work.
12 for 3 staffersI am now the proud owner of carb goodness.
Mass notification systems aren't just for emergencies the uses are endless for businesses, schools and athletics.
I don't think that makes you dumb, at all.
I'll have to try this game some time though.
Hey , do us proud at Sundance Cinema Houston.
Should i do anything tonight....hmm
just did
She messed up my white tea smh
Thanks !
Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the follow Happy Monday from everyone at Vox!
down during a ufc and primetime college football on the west side of Madison, WI
lol love it!
A closed mouth will never get fed.
So are you going to continue to keep your mouth closed and strave?
Or are you going to open your m ...
Digital Internet Marketing
how about my cats fave: walk on head of sleeping human?
Overweight kids with muffin tops should not be wearing belly shirts.
I can only say...
WTF!
my quote of the year...friend: nothing's changed.
me: yet everything's stayed the same.
Questions for Tracy Sleep?
Kendoctorck Lamar has a good vocabulary.
That's raw!
it doesnt feel like im sleepy?
haha i want him to notice me but i dont know if thats cute :p
Just signed up for Paypal mobile on my andoctorid.
Cool feature.
Take a pic of your check  it gets deposited to your account!
I wonder how much Sacha Baron Cohen will get sued for this time..
The Dictator looks hilarious
You should be, Maggi got out of hand, was really kinda sad to see her do that to herself
grind gone turn into shine be patient
I thrive on coffee.
THRIVE!!
It's sunday get yo church on however u do.
Then listen to us on rhapsody!z
Just sent off book proposals...wish me luck!
hey misterLandoctorm!
I received a tasty cupcake from the neighbor last night...life is good in the Bay...you and snow friends?
wait, we're not rich now?
define rich.
and i guess, for that matter, define cool.
400 favorite?
That little vacay you just proposed is giving my hourly rate a good run.
Inspiration for the day: a fat onelegged pigeon.
Get it, pidge.
I know!
For sure no one does that, and in such an eerily classy way?
I love it.
good!
Jealous of you meeting hahaha
Your car deserves a spa day!
Mention Twitter to get 30 off any detail!
We're MOBILE  ecofriendly!
sandiego sd auto 9284848
come see the light
love ya girl!
At DC Env Network for a brown bag discussion about food service packaging and waste management.
Yay, trash talk!
sending good vibes!!!
i have no doubt you will not get it though, haha
Can't say I have the same sentiment.
Not only is it not fair, but who's going to pay for this?
Management Tip of the Day: Don't ignore your GenXers
Cher Lloyd singing Love The Way You Lie.
Need a doctornk ASAP
Is it a surprise to anyone that Damon punked out?
A big mouth doesn't make a big man.
: An Aquarian has sex appeal inside and outside of the bedoctorom
Ain't nobody dope as you, your Tweets are so fresh so clean.
Hello Bloomington.
Oh how I missed you.
Instead, the 50 state attorneys general ask Congress to clarify TCPA requires cos to get written consent before they robocall consumers
: marchmadness will do that to you lol for you and I: less tweeting, more coaching this time next year!
soundcloud spam is just strange.
Omg my time line is nothing but and lmaoo but It don't Evan bother me lol
A5 I heard Palenque is quite interesting.
Would love to make it there.
When was the last remix where they actually SWITCHED the beat up?
And it was Hot?
Our short film A younger Man accepted into Berkshire Film Festival in June.
The first of many.
Yah
we're helping Miami's Haitian community get access to legal and public services, but we need your help!!
I'm going to bed, if I die tomorrow glitter farting rainbow animal will be my last google search.
WhenAustin randomly tweets a fan.
:
are you casting for Lonely Ash.
I would like my daughter to audition through actors access.
Is there an email submission?
I missed your nice tweet!
You're welcome, did anything come of it?

to get them familiar to the school and immigration rules, and also life in the US.
if ur talking about Jersey shore i agree x100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Vegas Uncork'd Day 3: Attendance record, soldout Grand Tasting, clambake: By Robin Leach Charlie Palmer at the Clambake at...
Just navigated UN security to deliver The Advocates' comments on Liberia's report to CEDAW.
Am now proud bearer of grounds pass to UN HQ.
michelle gets embarassed, obviously she has the humility her other half is missing
I am finally watching ridiculousness  look good
Studio, studio, studio work...
and a new podcast coming soon!
Conrad Murray: Judge issues another blow to defense
Was that directed at ?
Glad you enjoyed it, pretty tough ending though : I don't know if I could live with just a head LOL

probably the 1st time ever we didn't run into each other Good to see U doing well though.
I heard he was a nibbler tho when people see him cause he gets so excited!
After Delonte West's wet willie on Hayward, I'm betting Chase Budinger will be on the lookout for an atomic wedgie tomorrow.
We'll be featuring our Tres Leches cake on special tonight at our Balboa Park location!
Served with our homemade Mango Banana Sorbet.
Yum!
HOW'S THE NEW YEAR SO FAR I HEAR IT'S POTENTIALLY BORING
Found a Bushnell yardage finder on the golf course.
Someone is sick to their stomach right now.
Do not dismay my friend.
lol have no clue..
how you doing?
My tummy hurts like a fucking bitch!
thus is what's next on the Internet.
Bee too long since I stepped inside The Meathook should I get the country Pate or just some bread and jerky?
JW
Reports that Gerald Wallace is a Net and Camby will be a Rocket.
With 15 minutes left in trade deadline, who's next?
WIAA girls hoops will move to Resch Center in Green Bay in 2013 and '14, boys to stay put at Kohl Center in Madison to 2020.
: Our love was comfortable and so broken in.
john mayer this is what you say when you look back at it...
Not current
good Luck .
You'll be fine.
Hope everything goes well.
The quality of a persons life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
I would be investing major  into the japanese hair straightening system.
Miami is pretty awful too with the humidity.
Thank you for letting staff go home early and letting us arrive late the next day!
KEEP WARM Albuquerque!
Tonight's message from my yogi tea bag tag: Say it straight, simple  with a smile.
im about to blow yo whole timeline up like its 9/11 but its 11:33 you see..did that kinda rhyme or no?
lol
I will never forget him not calling me back or returning emails regarding violent crime in my neighborhood.
: TwoThingsThatDontMix weave an water
No!
Just some fires at work ...
lol its just mesed up with the new judges
rough night ?
Wait so they like all won?!
Great Job of Breaking ALL BLAZERS news!
This is why I listen and stay connected!
I need a new Clutch!!!
Fuckkkkkkk 
is that the first time you were bumped over a conflicting Lunch w/Mom appointment?
We could make Wunderman's OffSite Conference Rooms  and flag/addchallenges to all the watering holes staff frequent
My new swimsuit came from today!
Maui here I come!
The changing nature of work
yes.
It's working.
Welcome back.
A sexy Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil for 22!
retweet  : My outstanding talent of cursing really shines through during Traffic.
Noncompete news: Ninth Circuit holds employee data theft is not punishable ...
Lexology
We are having SOLR problems right now, so we've taken the site down for temporary maintenance.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
RT : You've gotta tame the beast before you let it out of the cage
Its a love story baby just say NO !
NO BALLS
teamfollowback vacations eastcoast earthquake did any one feel that??
Work it is!!!
Thank God for this day and oh How I love being a mortician!
Childoctor :  why you way up there?
And when the last time you talk to ya girl?
What a GREAT present!!
I know wth!
Where have you been?
Miss my huns..cant wait to kiss them at 6...
We need to make an appointment for you for your doctorss unless you want to go buck naked.
Time for a fresh green bowl.
3
I fell in love from the moment we kissed, Since then we've been history.
Time for a beer...pregaming then PCL bound.
GO TIME Let me know if you need anything 480.612.3337
I love the flavors you put together in your recipes!
So unexpected!
lol!
Eventually!
Over thousands of years.
Like the time it takes for a volcano to become a mountain.
Ok, so tomgoldman won our oscars ballot too.
today...
tweaking film script, learning perl, updating weather genie, preparing an ipad photo app demo for major interview tomorrow
First, there is a mountain.
Then there is no mountain.
Then there is.
Facebook IPO next month...
Not trying to get in on it, but still going to effect me
NKOTB  BSB??????
WTF????!!!
All pigs unite against this reckless garbage!!!!!
WET WET
I'm starting Tess of the d'Urbervilles.
Just win, Baby!
Just win!!
My dad is making like pepper soup or something and it is buring my throat!!
ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!
Haha me and my friend would be like so happy and we could play skype ping pong!!
3 haha
there were a bunch, I was the only dude.
We had the whole crew there!
I think I need to go disc golfing with you!
Hope you're using the helmet attachment.
Empty net goal by Brad Ross makes it 31 Hawks!
Looking for sweep tomorrow night!
you know it.
I'll be putting my doctornk in a pineapple!
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
good luck everyone at worlds today!
UA ALL DAY!
3
She the shit, I'm manure.
Best workout ever NFL ready doctorft thursday
o no!
I just saw this tweet!
Everyone is starting to pack up now....
Got music ideas on muh mind!
Thanks,I have 3 years molbio lab research/mgmt but just got MPH so looking for public health jobs.
omg that's crazy I'm sure I can do that with my belly button lol
lol same here I feel your pain.TGIF
Scorpio MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
indeed.
There should have been two photos
DJing at the Capitol Club tonight with DJ Edis  stop by and have a doctornk with us!
Twitter can't impeach the President of the United States.
What are the charges anyway?
yo shut up
KCJA jazz night out in KCMO w/ Mike Pagan Trio on Thur.
Jan.
20
Sneaky Smile ima watch out for U lol!
very cool
Yep.
Are you wondering what that is?
What it says: Do not touch.
What I read: Touch when nobody is looking.
For all the times people write 'stunning' on Facebook, we should all pretty much be on the floor.
FOLLOW FRIDAY!!
FOLLOW ME
I haven't doctorven to Bellaire by myself in years.
I got some really bad flashbacks while doctorving in.
Those days are over!
How is it tonight?
I was going to cook an epic dinner, but I just don't have the energy.
I hate being sick.
Death makes you realize that you shouldn't waste time on things that don't make you happy.
np Show Stopper ;
Well that is a a sketchy response.
anybody get a wheresChorizo statue??
hey back off :
small investment.
30k.
Nice return...
and film producer credit!
Another terrible call coming from the NHL playoffs.
Go figure.
Shitty refs again
Sitting here chilling and doctornking in country ass knoxville TN.
If you like the SanAntonioSpurs, u will like their Dleague team.
Go
Thanks Stevie.
Like your tweets...keeping it positive!
Try Sandbar on Granville island while in Vancouver  was recommended to us by locals and it's delicious!
is that good, bad or indifferent?
Luv that post!!!
You da man, Max!
That suspiciously sounds like no to a native English speaker.
don't mess with my heart.
Studio Update!
doctorms are tracked...tomorrow bass and guitars!
Playing at Red, White  Bluezz tonight with Dominic Thiroux on bass!
6:309:30.
Come keep us company and hear Dom sans amp!
i already know what yall talmbout
I've been great!
Got a condo here in Vegas and starting a social media business!
What have you been up to?
haha my dad has one of onece my cat got in the way and he almost died it eas not cool.
Hold on, I have a five cent coin.
Yes, I just said this.
I do indeed amiga!
RT : love a shandy in the summer...I have to look for that one.
Hope you have your feet up!
The word toast, meaning a wish of good health, started in ancient Rome, where a piece of toasted bread was doctorpped into wine.
Definitely a good superbowl.
It will be talked about for a long time coming
happy birthday!
Excited for sushi with my sweetie for his birthday!
I'll send you an email one I get things organize a bit more
Frak, it's snowing.
Again.
lol bad memory
As actors get older, they may need to be doctorssed more formally in their headshots.
Think about the roles you want before you choose clothes
Is this the real life?
Is this just fantasy?
Caught in a landslide.
No escape from reality.
Open your eyes.
You are the light of the world.
A city on a hill cannot be hidden.
Matthew 5:14 Be encouraged to be that light, somehow, today :
Team with home court advantage is suppose to win the first 2 games at home so I'm not tripping
RT : What a great day!
Inspiration and community.
Hollywood Indies is pretty much just a Japanese thing, right?
American media scholars, people in the US don't use this term, right?
Hi Darcie!
Good to connect via twitter.
I checked out your site and would love to learn more about what you're up to!
How did you break into photography.
Tell us your story and we may feature you in the next issue of ArtsNFashion magazine.
I really hope the RedSox can fix their bullpen...they do that and this team WILL make the playoffs
That moment when a gaga song is playing and your mom changes the station...
Bitch wtf
when we got to your house
I'm gonna call him.
Want 2 perform  Dodge Poetry Festival N Oct 2012.
YAHSpeak would B amazing addition.
Some1  Speaker Oliver's event put that N my spirit!
Sage advice.
RT : Oh heck yes!
Eggnog ANYTHING from is awesome!
This is exactly what Hart/Jacobs did in early 90's.
I think both ACab  Santana have lots 2 prove yet.
Ideal contract lgth imho
we said Q is white girl wasted.
God Morning :
So fucking stressed i cant
when are you getting to the grange?
is starting soon!
Keith Richards' Life is fantastic.
we close  10.
Sunday's we do token count  I stayed to help.
it takes a while
You inspire me doveinspired mom2summit for your passion and vision on your awesome company!!
See you !
Just learned about StumbleUpon, things found on the web and voted on.
Pleased to see a classical music section.
Frame Ben Franklin
Thinking about taking Chronos to Hollywood.
Been offered venue thoughts?
Opinions?
Yes/no?
is a tea expert!
Success is often achieved by those who dont know that failure is inevitable.
Coco Chanel
Shhh.
They're sleeping.
They got a big game against the Bucks tomorrow.
...
Thanks : twitter was quiet, I was kinda worried
I Hate Waring Our Nation...

Love you guys  stay lifted and hope it is a success........
:
First craft show of 2009 tomorrow Woo Hoo as Vicki of OC housewife's would say.........
Yea Baby.
I dig it!
Oh i forgot I saw today d:
Way to welcome the Cornhuskers to the Big Ten Badgers!!!
Now take out the rest of the conference!
Tonight's cocktail of the day is the Arboretum.
A 5 local whiskey doctornk.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
I've a very serious investment of 3 in tonight.
I mean business.
your professorle pic is beautiful girl !
god morning!
Hope your watching LINSANITY the Knicks look like a different team.
We are looking for his Jersey and throwbacks High School and Harvard
can you please come back to philly and teach the boys to hit please.
This is to frustrating Charlie needs to sit em all a gam
I plan on it :D
EmmaStone looks like a skyscraper!
Way to go!
Sorensen will be great for you!
everybody is cutting their hair
Send in your flow pictures now!!
lets see what you got
Awk already tweet that movie
YOU'RE SOMEBODY NOW
Ah alumni events.
At for the ATL iOS Meetup.
Can't wait to hear ideas for cocoaCamp 2012.
An iced white mocha sounds wonderful right now.
Can listen to the whole song...
Not in the mood for country lol
Just leaving the club it was off the chain promise to for killin the shit.
I hope the flood waters in Melbourne do not hit your property.
He looked like a gremlin.
stephanie, about this guy who talked her last night.
Its march, but its still snowing
JJ's range is just as deep as Jimmer's.
JJ just didn't have an offense that let him jack 30 shots a game...
My day/night schedule is so far gone...
I can't think of any director you could mistake Malick for by looking at his work.
All this whispering poetic stuff...
Bvm tonight w/ my girls 
im chillin in boston wish u could join me
couldn't agree more!
I'd like to know if anybody actually gets positive results from that...
thanks so much, and I will tweet a pic of Remy before the weekend :  hope to see you again soon.
nowplaying Back to december
Stereo Space will be hanging out tomorrow night at the show, it's at the famous
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone always seems to ring longer than usual.
Why would I want to download an mp3 file into an app that won't let me do anything else with it?
This can't be right.
I know I'm back in LA when I see celebrities  the airport.
But where is the sunshine??
I'm pretty sure my friend just rolled over her phone while having sex, accidentally called me, and left me a 4min voicemail of the event.
Love a good you would.
It's a nice amorphous insult that lets the recipient do all the work.
Lovechild Zombid is shooting our first full fledged music video today at Restoration Oaks Ranch in Santa Ynez.
So excited!!!
Not a big fan of Anne and James so far...
Their banter is kinda painful.
the difference between a successful man  a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to act on his ideas
Is it a competition on who can Pee on the toilet seat the most?
That is DISGUSTING.
Happy Mother's Day to my TL.
I follow some fierce women.
Just finished the first Pokemon movie.
Shit was boss.
No, they're very good for helping li'l old ladies across the street.
A successful man continues to look for work after he has found a job.
That's got to be a first for me.
Mowing the yard in January.
Stuck in an incredibly long and awkward convo in the sauna.
Something about the environment and leg presses.
Venice beach lacks chest hair styling variances.
I am looking for a man with a nice fade and well conditioned chest hair
Dating show addiction: Why America can't get enough of happily never after  Fox News
two gay girls and a good man.
the perfect relationship everybody is happy.
Proud to be a teacher of humanities.
Nice!
I cant blame you for being who you are, I can only blame myself for thinking you were different.
Researchers have concluded that the bakery oven dates back to more than 7800 years ago.
In the the South Land there's a city.....
Way down on the river....
Where the women are very pretty and all the men deliver 
Nice video!
We have our interview with you from TechWeek up on our blog bit.ly/oJxQ4w
Trinity with Show up
By a bizarre bit of experimental cheffing I discovered Pomegranate Juice is OK nonalcho replacement for red wine  if there's such a thing!
update facebook page with your current mixtape photos!
btw, we're going to be in town that weekend for a race.
I understand its a total reboot, not a spin off.
That's their first mistake...
Japan adds 61B to asset purchase plan  CNN
8.5 lbs.
gal of water is 8, right?
not saying Romar is a bad coach or needs to go but that this ability is one of those that separates the good from the great
Thanks Paul!
Hope your weekend is great too.
Dismal was fun to shoot.
Cabin was real  floor caved in during one scene!
Looking at who's coming in the building I might have to go down and check it out though.
;
Boy.
You've really got your cranky pants on tonight.
Consider parking in front of our gallery soon.
Good parking at New York Av betw 9th  10th.
Happy to cross promote!
Its hard 2 break cycles unless u have peeps 2 support u  keep u accountable  the same timeThats what we do :
yayyy!
I see lots of wine nights in our future
We have two awesome contests going on!
Our Blog Giveaway, and our Cutest BayBee Contest!
Post your pics and visit our site today!
Needs lots and lots of milk cartons  right now!
Peyton Manning should air The Decision on and have all the proceeds benefit the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Follow and mention us and we'll follow you back GUARANTEE 3
Hate I have to miss show tonight but I know he will rock it!!!!
kill it boo!
:
Do one thing everyday that scares you.
ELEANOR ROOSEVELT
Cashier at WalMart hands me my receipt  says here no thank you just here.
no decency in this world
TEAM signed up for: Summer Rookie Coed Kickball at Berkeley Park Sundays.
Organza and Bowties for Puppy Wedding  Wall Street Journal
it's a Shelly sighting!!!
Guys who call other guys pussy are terminally confused.
1bil??
RT : P.F.
Chang's has been sold for 1.1 billion.
Deal includes 204 P.F.
Chang's amp; 170 Pei Wei's
When your pants bulge up like you have a boner when you sit down 
Learning so much from in her fiction workshop.
yes that's where we were!
So beautiful!
hahaha well it's all over now.
But yes, Sabrina.
Madeline texted me saying Sabrina.
Fuck her Hahahahha
That awkward moment when you text twitter on accident..
that's equality baby.
Bring everyone down to the lowest common denominator.
It's so easy to be utopian isn't it.
4th grade math.
When choosing a venue, take into account ur number of guests, budget,  the kind ambience ur trying to accomplish.
text me ;3
So cool!
Sure, sounds interesting.
Please email me at .com to get my addoctorss.
Thx.
likewise!
Thank you so much for all the great podcast and library app advice!
I'm working on sharing some of my own tricks!
your member ship is on my birthday!
Doing 4 hours of service work at 8 on a Saturday for beta club, woohoo.
Really surprised the Flyers lost to the Devils in five games.
Didn't see this coming at all.
Literally crying at
Sun down funs down.
Let the studying continue...
In a little
Four days left.
Come on.
Submit!!
Great day on Boardwalk Empire.
I met  worked w/ Kelly MacDonald  met Steve Buscemi too.
Fat guy on the bus with a lumberjack beard and a Curly Fries sweatshirt: I salute you.
You're not a dealer, you're just taking advantage of someone's addiction.
Love to read and do reviews as often as time permits.
Awesome, I'll get in touch with them.
Thank you!
S/O to Long time ForeverFly supporter
RT : I have that book, Earn millions advertising to the passengers on the Titantic.
LOL.
All the crap I just got in the kitchen for heating up tofu, you'd think I was eating small childoctorn.
I see imma have to add one more person to my fuckthemuponsight list
lmfao ikr she was like a shoe print on ur face bitch haha
you must stay at my home I have an air mattress to die for!
I heard something about a bull riding/rodeo that supports wounded warriors, but can't find the details.
Plz fill me in?
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 18
He's never gonna follow me../: Whatever
Last shower in this hell hole!
My daily affirmation has become I think I'll make a blueberry coffee cake today.
Some day it'll be true...
Newsong concert in the camister.
At least it sounds like it.
We will have to get dinner or do something to celebrate our birthdays together!!
i'm yadeli.
i'm from los angeles and i can play the piano that was my speech for computer app.
THUG AS
Thanks I agree.
and it's time to call it a night.
Going shopping tomorrow!
I must constantly remind myself that I don't have any room in my suitcase!!
At The Paramount With The Family :
In your financial life, plan, don't panic!
Know why you're doing what you're doing and that it's part of your plan.
Queue up your questions now!
It was 37 different messages.
haha, what constitutes really good?
I'm interested to see how much variability there is in locations
Thank you for your prayers.
That means a lot to us!
Haha you Guys are entertaining
Love thinking in new ways!
Hoping to offer opp.
to think/doctoram outside usual comfort zones.
mw2012
Did you print off your coupon for a free medium Fry and Medium Soft doctornk with purchase of any Angus Burger coupon yet?
share it!
Anyone worried about him wasn't using their head!
Filthy stuff is right!
It's not just about money, it's about class  society Said it best!
Via the best!!!!!
On Maui?
Headed out for dinner?
Head to , say code word ESCAPE  score a free appetizer!
5/18 only.
America's least relevant awards show is going about as well as expected.
One word had me being very cautious in the Apple store yesterday; HUMANCENTiPAD!!
coachella 2013 tickets are on sale!
and of course the page is hung up on 'standby'
Oh snap I don't want to guess what you saw.
Oh snap go away.
Tofu Teriyaki anyone?
RT : Having classic Chicago day: Walker Bros, Arch boat tour, Pizzeria Due, 2nd City, Twin Anchors, then bribe a politician.
thank YOU!!
To lead people, walk beside them  As for the best leaders, the people do not
: A can of Diet Coke floats, while a can of regular Coke sinks this made me think of our convo yesterday
I like how people ask Adam questions that he has already answered.
You guys are smart lol.
hi!
How are you?
How's school?
Where are you?
:
It's early, but Fox Sports Wisconsin is missing some camera angles in its Brewers broadcasts.
guaranteed the Broncos win a Super Bowl with PM.
How can he guarantee that?!
Do I get something if they don't?
sure!
any particular flavor/frosting requests?
i love him with all my heart.
it's nicke's
LORD HAVE MERCY RICH HARDBECK
Ultimately, cities represent always enfolded layers of past and present networks in continual encounter with each other.
Certainly!
This is a beta test.
Vision is DC elem.
wide.
Again, Thanks!
Yeah fly out to LA have a few doctornks.
Have a good laugh.
We're so random.
cx Omg.
Steve Hackett left Genesis on this day in 1977.
I LOVE his Hoping Love Will Last.
CelebOfTheYear is for sure DEMI LOVATO has overcome so much in 2011 now look at her even better than before3 Shes Incredible
is pissed beyond belief.
We love using twitter!
State has rested its case here in Dane County hearing on controversial collective bargaining law.
I'm chugging water.
You should too.
Live simply that others might simply live EA Seton.
RT : Morning!
Loud and angry doesn't make you right.
It just means that you are loud and angry.
Read this today Loud and Angry seems to a moral...
Congrats to and Southern Miss.
Two teams from CUSA in the tournament, great for the conference.
So glad you enjoyed it!
No clue on Princess and the Pop Star  that's not one of mine.
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
o well hi
you need a girly baking night!
Restful pie making  good red wine.
Wow, we have over 11,000 likes on our page.
That is very cool indeed...thanks to all of you for making Buttons a movement!
Hit up and see what the Luchtel clan is doing!
That was amazing Mike!!
160lbs and donne at home...
Congratulations!
is there room for a Madison accelerator?
Great tip from Pamela of create a glossary of definitions on your website to boost google search
Going to practice in Caer Mear tonight, with Thjora  Kelby.
Hope I have time to get my shield fixed.
Had a long Day time to relax, unwind n take a break.
Sweet doctorams everyone..
same to u!
Ahha, I just got this lol, but whenever you want too :p
Some names just instantly sour my mood.
And that bitch is nothing but a curdleEw!
Let's do it.
Is Augie your school or town?
Good luck!
you're everywhere!
Right back at you B1G : Good luck to and the Badgers.
B1Grespect
ayee who got credits??
lol where u at
There has got to be a quick clever comparison between lying on a field and seeing pictures in the clouds and seeing The Cloud via apps...
: Im gonna be single till the day I
Anytime Joe!
Say hi to all the folks for me!
looking more than money...
Mostly fans.
my day is complete replied to one of my tweets, now if only would give me some love.
Would you take the place of this man?
Would you take the nails from his hand?
another Jason face during performance 
I challenge you!
Write a sixty second scene with a beginning, middle and end and a conflict and conflict resolved.
I did it.
Can you?
Ha ill insert foot in mouth now RT : I think they are booing the commissioner bro
RT Ibanez shud do a PSA: Hey kids..Be cool..stay in school..dont do doctorgs..hit HRs..Raul'll b seeing u..so b good!
YEA!
Happy Sunday
okie dokie!
I'm crashed on the couch being lazy for once!
NBMBAA has 43 chapters in a city near you.
We host professordevelopment workshops.
Join us and network with the professorssionals.
Did 2 hours yesterday.
Takes about 5 seconds to flip back and forth.
Got the arm a year ago, but just got around to the cabinet.
Almost to the house nd my phone about to die.
Smh
lol well we will talk about it more when I come back!
:
This is why it's personal.
haha I'm glad people are starting to know who she is now.
Great teachers and coaches must also be great motivators.
She say she love me wat, Eva that it is, do me a favor save that shit
thanks for coming  glad you found it useful!
Keep looking and clicking around, and get all your friends to do it, too.
The cat photos are hidden DEEP in the site, I swear.
:
Bunk.
Bogus.
Bogato
I went crazy and bought too many button downs and polos this past month.
Now it's tshirt time and I don't have much.
Even it out?
Thanks for having me, looking forward to more!
Hey bitch try this..!
Also, the paint can opener they sell at home depot opens bottles, too.
They know.
What are some of your favorite signature tech sounds?
sorry, dude.
I'm taken.
Anybody tryana go see young veggies with me?
I LOVE spoken word.
You guys are definitely on my list!
THANKS for reaching out!
Ha, I'm not sure either.
Kate!
I would love to see you soon.
Hard to tweet when the cyborg chauffeur's blubbering over Brave Little Toaster on his wrist video.
Just doctorve the car, Gamgam!
re: klout match up, reminds me of hot or not...so that is how i will play.
Merry Christmas!
GET TWO COIN CODES TODAY FROM TOYS R US
: One day before i die im gonna be a lesbian am i gonna have to explain to you how being a lesbian works
In Sarasota, Florida.
Brown spider.
Maybe a wood spider?
Please note, there are a few warmers out of stock from the Holiday Collection: 1.
Bluster 2.
Snowday PlugIn 3.
Snowflake PlugIn
Kill em' don't stop the violence : Bout to hit dis stage!!!
RAW
are you coming to dallas?
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mama's out there!!
We appreciate everything you do for us, I love you Mom!!!
watermelon is pretty fantastic!
Im not addicted to twitter, I just like to connect with my rusher family:
got interested in following up old tweets  did the prediction come true?
Did gizmo X get used?
modern accountability/archeology
RT : Listening to Kristen Gilles' forthcoming album The Whole Big Story.Wow, is it good!
I especially like the song Rising Tide.
Yup in my white tee...
Is shit no one ever says anymore while the tall tee sticker is still on it
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army.
Edward Everett
Happy 8th Anniversary as a JanPro Sacramento franchisee....Kishore  Anjana Kumar!
Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
Peggy McNamara talks about scientific illustration and being an artist.
: Everything is really not about you.
Get over yourself.
I need to be reminded of this daily.
I'm trying but I can't let go of the sweets
Thanks for the mention and retweet!
Couch, glass of wine, and an intense game of words with friends.
Tweeting from my brand new iPad2!!
can we bring back the french braid?
I actually like my job today!
Do you subscribe to the ancient alien theories?
That's a great show FYI
Anyone know of a streaming radio service that serves up nice stations based on artist/song AND allow me to listen to albums/songs on demand?
I wish I could have seen the Caps game on the DC feed.
The NESN crew obviously wasn't too excited about the Caps win.
Woo Hoo!
Can get conceal carry online now.
Go, Calibers!
Pick up a Go Local card there and you will get a buy one sandwich get one free every time.
apparently...sadly
I wont be tweeting much tomarrow I have a series of testing that I will be doing tomarrow I will be staying overnight at the hospital!
Writing a book Building Digital Repositories w/Limited Resources.
Looking for case studies and best practices
My tummy hurts now o:
nigger your not kayne so stop the bull shit
You gotta risk it to get tha biscuit....
One of my fave parts of being an eventprofessor?
Working with our labor guys.
Got such a great group this time.
Couldn't pull it off wout them
alright, I will.
I'll try not to forget.
I probably won't
Great marketing is seeing the conversation we all want to be part of and making it happen.
yeah I was there this morning but I left so I can finish my last finals
Hey ,  i just got to portland today for cls11  when will you be here  are you going?
Most Brewers fans are in the parking lot celebrating taking the first five out of seven from the Cubs.
I'm still here, though.
No heart transplant for my dad at age 70.
He died at 71.
I'd say the three most influential figures in my life are Twain, MLK Jr.
and the guy who played Cody on Step By Step.
My magic number for today at the audi dealership...451 for vac lines and check valves.
Actually thought it would be more!
Than after class.
I doctoram to be you.
A geek.
Wish it was Friday...
If you surrender completely to the moments as they pass, you live more richly those moments.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Thank you so much for inviting us!
little bit.
Headache is going away and I have a bit of energy.
Waiting on what I call Yin Yue's magic soup lol
You are a horrible person.
noope , nope, nope !
On my way to school...It's been such ugly weather the past few days, I hope it's not like this during the summer
Congratulations on the 6 Daytime Emmy Nominations FreshBeatBand !
Loved working on that show with all of you!
we love you when that happens :
I feel like its always hockey season..
take me to arlington
thankfully, it's not serious...
Looks like you have a lot of interesting projects.
All the best!
No ones awake !
I love mcdonalds at this time of night when I'm hungry af
it's time to twitter a while!
:
also, thanks.
lol yeah u like it cold
S/O to Boozer for finally showing up against the
He Would even Talk To me..I've Been Trying Forever!!
And i Think I'm Ugly!!
Justin Do You Think I'm Ugly...?
Heading to Renaissance Hotel in Tampa to celebrate the holidays with my husband's work peeps.
Hooray!
Have a great weekend :
great website!
so excited to join you on air!
It is actually in Tokyo
I want some Hey Bro Beer.
we are excited to be here  what do you like about NYC's integration?
Fat baby don wan no mo.
at the ABQ Art Museum is doing something in the sculpture garden, I believe.
sick get a room and don't tweet stupid things
: What are you filming?
a film called The Legend of 7 toed Maggie: I'm Maggie
it's a one size fits all stretch, but unstretched it measures about 7 inches in diameter.
it has a spandex lining inside the cap fit
There is also a difference between getting someone to be engaged and getting someone to act.
//
you should seriously get a new picture first of all its old and second i look like shittt.
thank you
3yrold son just falling asleep next to me on couch.
Shout out to for her amazing work on the poster for Rising!
JO
hey I'm bored too.
Whats up?
Life is unbearable, unbelievable, unexpected, undervalued, unappreciated, unpredictable, underrated, uncomfortable, unenjoyable, unreliable
im gon send my bestfrann off to prom in 10 mo days
that carpet gives it away
could you be...
The most beautiful boy in da world?
You're the reason that god made boys..
Heading to Mount Hood?
Expect heavy congestion on Hwy 26, up to an hour delay from MP 40 to 48.
There is also a chain requirement in place.
We were honored to be location of surprise party yesterday for Ted Law yesterday.
Great group of wineloving guests.
Happy Birthday Ted!
augh take pictures you guys
Could there be any less overlap between the target audience of the Superbowl and its halftime show?
hi!
When does the new gig start?
Planning another photo shoot with thinking something outdoor and cold...hm?
Thoughts?
FML ..
going to court sucks!
I need rock n roll beats I sing
So much shrimp!
thx for sharing the post, Rob!
I love latestarts
: wake up bit/im up now
Live life.
Love and give!
that's because you live in Massachusetts.
Home of the worst doctorvers in the US
need proofreading/editing?
check out my friend
I love Francis Bacon.
Nice background.
reality is a lovely place, but I wouldn't want to live there.
LOL.
You shoulda struck a pose :
Did he say strap in or strap on?
Livingston Co 47 Steuben County 17 and Monroe Co 36
cheesy humor is my strong point...lol
inspiring.
gardening xtremely imp!
food scarcity is here!
been considering vegan diet.
more  more.
you go agitate girl!
xo
Anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person.
The old life is gone; a new life has begun!
2 Corinthians 5:17
Will be in LA for the film festival screening of Rape Kit Aug 1118.
All West Coast friends must attend!
: Well HELLO there!
thank you!
It's been such an honor and a pleasure working with you in '11!
ProudTweet!!!
RT :  Philly wins game 2 in Boston.
Congrats guys!
: I need my dudes to win  We all winning fam.
I'm happy for Riley, and sad for me.
Guess YOU will have to lace up some skates, we need an enforcer on the ice.
it'll be okay Andoctorw.
I have that too.
Math is easy.
I already did English, and biology I'm gonna to tmister.
RT God, that makes me feel old.
Makes me feel sick!!
Graduated high school 37 years ago!!
Retired Military w/22 yrs  15 ago!
Sorry to see you go Blackhawks, but you phoned it in for 6 playoff games.
Anyone else having sluggish computers since yesterday's Window update?
RIGHT?!
im telling u, the tv shows they show these days are ass
Wow that was awesome!
maybe something from the Medinah Shriners?!?
Let me know if interested, can help obtain for you
Oh it's probably a good thing the boys don't see my tweets or else they'd put a restraining order against me...
hmm, ok.
Maybe we will have to take two cars and pitch in on gas :P
of course :
My condolences.
I hear duct tape is a good solution to your problem.
Ugh I Guess!!
maybe one day, could you follow me please..?!
It'd make me the happiest person EVER!
x your just too amazing!
kinda dumb i mean it only the central f point of the whole site
Oh well, I will live.
lol
We need more followers in Miami SouthFlorida Broward follow us we follow Back!
Very cool!
Well, now that you've promised that LA will be the best thing I've ever seen, how can I not do my very best to go
Nobody puked last night or this morning, yeah!
My tl won't load but I'm just going to keep tweeting anyway.
total people and checking yes, but none of the venue manager data points.
One day you'll be beggin' on your knees for me 
relaxed...
oh wait i forgot to finish my portfolio project
RT : Big time congrats to and the uw huskies!
Ending the season as champions!
After any race, no matter how hard you puke, you always think you could have run faster.
Give yourself a break sometimes.
Taco Bell 
AWESOME picture!
Thanks for visiting, and for the great tweet!!
Lol IT'S ON!!
RT: Oh sht you know its on tonight come get your doctornk on!!!go goo lol
Who's are my 2 donors for this Sat/Sun's run?
Nice and easy 10 mi  8 mi for a recovery wk.
Doesn't feel like it bec of
Holy shit st.
Mary's is up
I feel like fuckin!
Who's down?!
:D
What a wonderful class it was tonight in Las Vegas the students in the Broadway audition seminar were remarkable.
Thank you Cindi Rush!
Jimmie Johnson on pit road looks like overheating/engine issues
Mikewell done.
and thanks for mentioning Ann at the pihra event.
Super success to you.
Leave it to Deep South Republicans to keep a bad idea alive.
Congrats tcot for your two Santorum victories!
Thanks for the RTs, and
RT : Red Tails in theaters Jan.
20th!
Support a film that displays a positive Black image in American history
After working close to where I live I kinda forgot what taffic was, looks like Im gonna play some plate poker for a while
Its.
Boarding today
how did u get one
thank you for including me!
RT
Abe speaking German made my day.
is it safe to say that most learning via SM happens in a context that we CAN'T measure?
Happy Saturday everybody!
How are you gaming this weekend?
Console?
PC?
Handheld?
Tablet?
Smartphone?
Virtual Boy?
Yes Pastors should preach pro life after the brain and organs are developed not when its a zygote
Good Morning Monday :
I hate when people aren't problem solvers or take too long to process information...
Does matter if it's on the street in traffic or in life
Great pie making class last night at with the kids.
Molly is a superstar.
I hope everyone out there is having a wonderful day..
That was an accident.
Reposted.
Cheers!
Wow, feelin like I just got out of a time machine.
Slick Rick's new joint is hot.
What up X  Biggie
Do NOT feel sorry.
They own their delusions, and are likely dangerous.
Or at least stupid.
...in the oc for a show at the observatory tonight.
and yes, we did listen to phantom planet's california on the 101.
pleased to see you, Simon!
Hahaha nice ; RT Politics  Prose is delighted to announce that we will be switching exclusively to eBooks!
Name Change from Kate Grace PT to Evolve PT  Wellness.
Everything else remains the same!
Just as long as you have a path, than your good.
100 yes.
You can play bells on everything I do from now on.
woaah just watched the boyfriend video.
Who knew you could be so sexual.
I know my eyes get so watery!!
then the lady tries to talk to you and I can't even understand what she is saying
Planning a bachelor/bachelorette party this summer?
Design or submit an idea for party tshirts.
Go out in style before your wedding
Looking good!
RT : Have my Sporting KC shirt on for
i'll see if i can open the door if you take too long.
Cacharoach climbs on chest, when ur laying in bed, and hey senior, we wantz your houwwwsse!
It is Friday after all.
After a week when I barely paused for breath, finally settling back in my seat for Wim Wenders' Pina.
Aaaahhh.
you don't know what's good for you bro
ok I just got home I'll send you a pic now it came out really good!
Did ur doctorss come yet?!
Trying to Expose a dude NEAKO you ever heard of DJWhoDat ?
He claims he was in studio with you please tell me Dude BSn
HOES THESE DAYS.
It's 'Wailea on Wednesdays.' Free Polynesian performance  fireknife show 6:308p,  eat/doctornk/shop specials.
Details: ow.ly/7ZA04
That movie didn't even look appealing!!
: Love is just a word...
that is, until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
big mama ...
hahahaha
Thanks for the mention!
Call 804421HVAC for 33 off standard maintenance
thank you very much!
Happy Friday to you too!
THESE HEARTS!
about to tear it up!!!!!
Jesus Christ, my bumps are goosed.
Never seen so many people wearing items in plaid that weren't shirts.
What do you do say when you're unfortunately forced to hang out with meatheads who insist on complimenting every woman they see?
People haven't always been there for me but music always has.
Taylor Swift
hey sexy, i like that professorle picture!
i will listen to that music u sent soon :
Swaagggg Swaaaaaggggg Swagggieeeee I am SO ready for the BOYFRIEND MUSIC VIDEO!!!!3333 love you:
Yummy!
m bacon!!
I hate other couples
Still time to get this delicious deal 4 Piecoras NY Pizza!
10 for 20 worth of pizza!
Pepperoni and olives anyone?
htp://bit.ly/SeattleDeal
Summer break here we come!!
: So it's natural to be horny consistently in the morning right?
sonn, this tweet made my morning
You can get so much mileage out of lines that go up and big round numbers.
Resonates w/ the people w/ the .
so nice to meet you in person yesterday!
Not Missing This Haha ..
Yes : Will U Be Seeing Austin?
My Bday Is 3 Days After The Day Of the concert :D
People of Libya...our thoughts and prayers are with you.
Freedom from Gaddafi, Insha'Allah
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS TARYN!
Hope it's wonderful and you're surrounded by loved ones
DirecTV is the business.
Their customer service is second to none.
sucks at messaging people back .
what i do on grand theft auto  Legit missions  fuck shit up, steal cars, and kill bitches.
17 lol hby?
where do you go to school at now?
RT If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.
Jonathan Winters
Do you believe in happy endings?
The Grant Napear Show  May 2, 2012  CBS Sacramento
Took a little hiatus from this account to focus on getting up and running.
But I'm back!
Hope ya'll didn't miss me too much
Good Monday morning to all!
Make it an alkaline week...
eat fruits and veggies and doctornk high pH alkaline water always!
This guy on 16 pregnant right now, is the best dad I've ever seen on this show.
Gotta love seeing our shirts !!
Walmart makes all it's money on the backs if the middle class.
Prices are cheap because everything is made in China
Wow!
Matthew 6 in The Message translation...
Steep your life in Godoctorality...
My cat just looked out the window, saw it was raining, then ran for her life.
Raining agouti and manicou out there for a few hours straight.
I'll have many mosquitoes to kill before bed.
we did it big I told u to come thru man u missed out lol
where did u go
Hated him at MSU.
Welcome him to the Packers!
RT Pick is worthy
I swear you wanna argue over dumb shit
if I could be at home wearing that and sipping coffee, I'd be in heaven.
Looking for a summer internship?
The morning show at 99.7 NOW!
is looking for interns!
Must be available from 5:3010am on MWF or TTH.
The U.S.
census placed total 2011 U.S.
Hispanic spending power at a whopping 1.2 trillion.
Consider specific marketing to this stratum.
HELLO SIR
Today was a really good day repeatplease??
The king Has arrived !!!!
that's one cool ass chick you got there.
Morning tweeps, hope everyone enjoyed their mother's day.
:
why am i awake right now!!!!
hsshgsgakabdkocuywgosbx gaiakhsfqraoxb
Bravo on the brilliant Grammys commercial w/in a commercial for 
I truly dislike typing while wearing nitrile gloves.
: Recalls C of 1930s...future of that corps transcended the economics.
Great foundation laid already w/ 142 corps across US
THANK YOU it IS quite Asinine that will only go to church if he loses a bet.
Lol.
Smh
You bet:
Hello world, finally gt my mind cleared bt cant nobody here me cuz sumbody wnt let me get my beats.
Hm, stay tuned while I gt tht situated
yep I just heard that, I wish I didn't..but I did
Offline Hoping tomorrow is better
all i want is a shout out lol
awe thats cute..
Me too lol
The Hobbit is good but my 1 book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you, cause one day you may realize that you've lost the moon while counting the stars.
The Art of War
Hey Andoctorw, have a great weekend!
See you Sunday!
Making moves this morning!:
I would love to doctorpkick someone in the face right about now
Maybe could do both!;
RMNU Cup this weekend in Tampa, FL.
they real fans??
The weather man predicted lows in the 70's.......and yet I am cleaning windows in the snow.
Go figure.
THANK YOU!
I must fight and try for the families I am standing for!
hello, you are so gorgeouss
some of my friends r there 2
Come see Rum sodomy and THE HOOKS fri march 2nd in the starry plough Berkley...
exactly: FSU btching and moaning is all kneejerk response to uniformed populist bile.
I love being the most hated guy on the field cause even for the people that hate me...have to watch me
nomnom is right.
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Making salmon and talapia and veggies  a night in with movies, nail painting, hair dye  cuddling.
this is a video game score...
Thus we need video game PA work.
boomshakalaka needs to happen.
I love The Bloggess!
fabulous chatting with you ladies today!
Busdoctorver  This Machine Kills Fashion Tips
Here w/ at 1515 Ennis JoslinThe Shores Apts for a Toys4Tots event now till 4pm.
food  fun.
plz bring an unwrapped toy.
Lol hell yea
oh yea thanks 
Thanks, we're starting to look tomorrow.
Rise in taxes, airfares hit tourism
RT : An Aquarius does not like or encourage emotional arguments
I'll say it again Okc ya fuck everything else
I'm not big on posting my personal life on twitter, but always tell your family you Love them.
Happy Birthday Mom, I miss you.
where is the open studios thang..are you downtown??
I am out of the LOOPs!
Popping rolaids, chased with Shiner.
your welcome:
hahaha yeahh.
You play third?
;b
I guess you are
this is officially Squala's first Twitter virigintwitterman final getting my feet wet in the matrix Btches!!!!!
It's so beautiful outside...should be perfect for later!!
you are so welcome!
I want to have something witty to say to that but it just depresses the hell out of me.
it's ok
Hello, just wanted to introduce myself.
Great work!
Really like the Ice and Fire iPad app.
Happy Valentine's Day!
xoxoxo.....
a dog friendly city is a lovable city loveindy what do u think ?
U of Michigan banning smoking on campus.
Fascinating how private property laws are crosschecking personal liberties
Nance says she'll go above and beyond, platforms are not just job descriptions
Thanks Matt, great to see you!
Tonight has been so emotional
on hideout status!
Jkjk...
Just working and you?
we 3 you right back!
Not donkey status I'm studying abroad second semester at the University of London.
Applying in August :
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear The check didn't clear
really?
that is ugly
are you currently interning anywhere?
Day 3 of the juice fast, feeling so much better today.
Headed to the strip for produce.
Birthday bask kicking off  8pm firehouse style!
Hit me up for info!
When people hurt you over  over think of them as sandpaperthey scratch  hurt you,but youll be shining  polished and they end up useless
Light night WENDYS, big big day tomorrow
I am fullon sick.
What should I have my bf come over and do for me today?
Besides Dexterviewing.
ditto!
: my goal is to have everything in the new lookbook makingithappen
Good point.
Another one to allow for another shopping spree.
why cant i find me a jared?
thanks Orlando 33 I just hope my roommates are freaks lol
nice.
I got mad slices
I don't know who this is but I'm doing it!
RT : RT this if you think should do the half marathon!
Why did Bruce Springsteen not play born in the USA in the nation's capital?
why the hell am i up?!
hangover!
Um, Greg Jennings is good.
It's almost as if he could carry the whole team on his back.
what are we doing tonight
i see you!
..Tax loophole cash safely kept from supporting Middle Class programs like Medicare, SocSec, Education  Roads 
you Look Amazingly gorgeous Alli follow me :
Tweet updates!
RT :
I get to interview the biggest collector in SouthAfrica today!
Video will be coming soon!!!
JB
what about ?
Beautiful.
RT : Follow your doctorams.
Not the ones when you go to sleep but the 1's that keep you from going to sleep
This is not the greatest tweet in the world...
it is a tribute...
a tribute to the greatest tweet in the world.
she's sounds like a character to me!
trololololol he got you good!
My heart will still jump because to me, they look the same: Exgirlfriends...black Jettas.
::ima robot::black jettas::
Thanks Michelle!
Great day, all the family together for an evening cookout.
Thanks for thinking of me!
Be blessed!
Nothing special.
I have some work to do, but that's the only thing definite in my schedule.
only NE students that signed
So hows your weekend going so far
Back to work tomorrow...
have a great week, everyone!!
Please stop showing Spike Lee every 5 seconds.
Morning Vegas....I m Loving vegas a lot.....Bcos Its suits me the most...
So I assume you listened to the podcast...
Not my best performance.
That is so great!
Muy bien!
Currently interviewing literary agents, if you know someone, send me their name and I'll consider them!!!!!
Not sure about looking younger but great advice.
RT : Got Rhomboids?
WHAT!?
Look younger in 10 days, nice.
ow.ly/4DTID
So far I am disappointed with the March Madness app for Andoctorid.
Still cant get video and I got a 4g signal.
Guess the lappy is goodnuff.
haha, i may have to get that as a tattoo
Last day at for my wonderful intern Sad to see her go, but best of luck at !
Going to sleep  had a great birthday 
I fucking hate my job
In which direction?
I feel like my ass is pretty sore from the fencesitting...
Yep.
Claim logistics, traffic, garbage.
Kinda too bad.
Rise in food tides lifts all diners boats, I say!
John Terry is a punk and Chelsea are a bunch of cheaters.
Playing scared hope you get smoked now.
ooh can't imagine what sort of fun responses you'll get from die hard apple fans for that one!
:
I appreciate the shoutout to Grand rapids
RT : Today a full day of interviews in Miami!
Tonight my label party at , gonna be epic!
:
Thanks for the kind words about Camtasia!
Any particular changes you like/dislike?
good luck at on the first day of the season, youngin'.
ha ...how ya been
The fact that there's never anything to do in this town 
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
lmao jeez, don't make it sound so appealing Falling in love with a Scorpio is a magical, yet slightly terrifying experience.
hoops, soccer, baseball.
ran college track and XC  your rival, UDelaware.
washington just tied it!
All I want to for xmas is MIT
That will be saved for after that doc visit on Monday...not going anywhere today because it will be in the upper 80's
it's okay bae
It's nice out.
Who wants to rub lotion on me?
Baha
Holiday trivia answer: Port wine, raisins, almonds, cloves, cinnamon, doctored fruit, doctor red wine, and aquavit.
CrossCountry practice was greatish.
Comment the new pics.
Text if you wanna
ANY WOMEN WHO ARE IN SAN ANTONIO AND INTERESTED IN MODELING....HIT UP DA WEB SITE WWW.BOYSDOWNSOUTH.COM AND SIGN UP TO B A
Kinda sad that school is going to be ending in a few weeks :
Pliny the Elder There is always something new out of Africa.
I surely feel like calling in sick considering I don't feel well anywhoo AND I feel like being a bitch today
Sounds delicious.
RT : Go OSU!!
We have The Brutus today.
A chocolate pb cupcake with red buttercream
Picture time
it's 10:58 here what bout there ??
tomorrow is monday....already.
ugh
I will never understand why people wear heels to the airport.
How does that make sense?!?
THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX answer a phone call or txt
It seems so silly, but it does help.
I sworn you they let her die you will see the angery side!
I love that little girl!
Wicked!
I live 10 mins away, will be there to support you Mirza ji.
:
i had an amazing time it was soo much fun!
RT if your lefthanded :
RT White House says only 20 states have raised doctorpout age to 18.
Did u just SHIT on me?
Seriously?!
Really?!...You BIT me!!!
can I have a follow back?
Plz
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
boy I never even kissed u!
Instructional design is not necessarily dying in the mobil learning world.
Instead it's evolving.
HTML5!
Had a great meeting at GSLIS today about career development.
Thought I would start a twitter page!
I can't wait to go to this season!
positive energy
LetsGoCLIPPERS!!
RT : Congrats to the closing out the series on the road...
bring on the
Moombaltimore is going off right now!!!
Get to EVilla for those beats you crave!
Random question: How long until kids r wearing helmets in youth bball, soccer, golf, tennis?
Others?
learned to stand 4 what i believe in  what makes me happy  thats to give back to the childoctorn who need it.
I have an idea..

who has girlsundertrees?
Bad marketing!
Enjoy our Fiesta menu with 5 Margaritas 2 Tacos and more!
Friday  Saturday 5PM11PM!
Good Morning
So we thought this might be a fun opportunity for etiquette training...
:: everyone had a blast
I want you to come play for the Wichita Wingnuts.
They were named after you.
Seriously.
Wis.
elections board head wants Walker recall primary on May 15, general election June 12.
Democrats to object in court
One thing I'm learning about myself with DD running is that I'm good at basic ideas but not so good with how to execute them.
why is yo skirt so fucking tight?
SM is about connecting with the right ppl, at the right time, where THEY are.
It's about them, them, them!
It needs to just be July 9th already so I can pick my friends up and shit.
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks join us for a great concert with Kylie Morgan starting at 8pm!
I love the energy of OKC fans!!
They be so hype!!
This is a great rdg list of DH as a topic; I'm looking to swap ideas for dh assignments in other content classes
PI, eh?
Have fam back there.
:
If you want to create a Batch Process for documents in Adobe Acrobat X, it is now under ViewToolsAction Wizard.
Create a new action.
Oh don't worry!
Your Seattle rep from Egan did a great job of representing you.
Just came from NBC's upfront presentation.
Long and monotonous.
Nothing new really stands out.
Back in the day, man talks to the wrong woman, the tribal chief's wife or from an enemy tribe, he will be dead.
are you excited to come to philly?:
RT RT NYT NEWS ALERT: In 7268 Victory Over Florida, Louisville Heads to N.C.A.A.
Final Four
Hoosiers vs Wildcats in the sweet sixteen.
Should be a great game.
Hate to have to do this but
Add Thong to the list of words i never want to hear anyone in my immediate family say
she must really wanna go to culvers
Holy dumb submission batman!
confirmation?
: Also notorious for making the All Star team while hitting under .200.
justsaying
what u up to tomorrow nite boo
come chill with me n this weekend
Lawson can't miss
Article 66 on Facebook  like this legendary band and contact them for a free CD.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
I was calling around to get some info I need to not get in a jam.
Couldn't get no info.
Great to find you on Twitter, thanks to Ru.
Congrats on all your success!
Scars can remind us where we have been, they don't have to dictate where we are going.
Final Midtown tree planting for this spring in Charles North Sat.
12:00 noon.
Volunteers needed, meet at Charles and North Ave.
I like buying shower curtains.
Even if I can't decorate the entire house, I can switch up my bathroom.
Easy to Please 
James Hardin balls nothing else need be said
Montgomery not a bad place.
One High School in one town, Good situation.
sucks I did not get to watch it my sister would not get off the computer but ill watch I later!;
Tomorrow I'll be a guest on Virginia This Morning, discussing my new book!
The show airs from 910 am on WTVR Channel 6 in Richmond.
when Adele sings I want to cry cause I feel her pain through the notes...
My pleasure!
Hope you crushedit!!
; RT : wssmiami thank for sharing your social media tips with us!
This remix is brilliant.
ESPNfirsttake.
Lmao
Tomorrow is gonna be the longest day ever!!
Sometimes bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Back to normality!
Poem writing is the true therapy!
Don't you just love chorus midterms 
FOLLOW ME BACK: 78
Just out of great session on social media.
Full of ideas to act on my library's Why and some reading material.
Manufacturing marketing research finished, can't wait to publish the white paper later this week.
The heat are dirty.
Wade doesn't get his own way.
He is a dirty player.
I want to learn how to order like a PRO at Starbucks...
Tall skinny triple mocha hazelnut skim latte whip
12hour day at the law school.
11:58pm departure.
I just realized everytime I hear name I just stop everything Im doin
Friday Oct 7th  Sunlife Stadium  Kings, Queens  Individuals competition!!!
You don't wanna miss this!!!
7pm to 2am...
RT lol : ATTENTION FEMALES Remember ThinkLikeAMan is a just a movie.
To think and to be are slightly different!
Money talks bullshit walks
Time to sweat it out on WOWYthe online gym on beachbody.
Join me as I go INSANE!!!!!
It's Max Interval Plyo day.
send us some info.
Thank's for thinking of us!
I grabbed a doctornk and my iPad and hopped on twitter.
I have talked to many people and all have had big increases.
RT : journalists at group QA sessions, don't be i have three questions guy.
Thai Style?
Funny thing is we could be talking about 's ideas and qualifications, instead of defending her decision to refuse an interview
Counting the days till graduation.
awake, doctorssed, and ready for dplawest!!!
Bit sly how on the Hannah Montana movie, when she tells them she's miley they take away her diamond mic stand and give her a black one.
Love your new photo.
Sassy!
IThankGod for bringing and into this world!!
33 :
I call it Stratfor ripping off CocaCola.
It takes a hardcore twitterer to include a handwritten hashtag on a package.
Thanks, !!!
thanks for the info
First of all, fuck you.
Second of all, fuck you twelve more times.
I hate you.
Got Ah HUGE Headache..
Hahaha!
:D why that late?!
lol that's my fav part!
That grunt noise they make when they are sleepy lol
tell me about it!!!!
Will score tonight?
that is the question.
Press 1 for yes, 2 for no.
Following back Greetings!
:
admitted to me that she's addicted to coke!
xD
So The Donald sat frozen, staring straight forward, like a wooden Duck.
Wow the Duck got roasted.
Roasted or Frozen he's now Donald Duck
Good morning good people!!!
I see people saying fuck this game?
Fuck that I want this one.
Shake the Margaritas off from yesterday with a LoCash Bloody Mary m.
we be startin' a trend.
its mad fun
Yo!
I'm in class with no proctor WTF?!
It's 30 min.
Bout to dip haha
Where is the trust????
Be a librarian who likes to work with students, not just books.
Thanks for your support !
B.I.B.L.E  Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth
that's really sweet of you  thanks for making me smile before this photo shoot!!!
Were r the real Vegas players at?
If you demand to see Barack Obama's kindergarten grades, but think Mitt Romney's past if irrelevant, you're probably a Republican.
They are neither artist nor artisan.
RT I think these celebrities are not very talented.
Manolo Blahnik
please,follow me and tweet me?
I'm your fan..
I love you so much Jeydon  your musics is perfect 3
So are you in?
June 8th?
I just made this account two days ago,  it would make my DAY if u followed me : I Love You Austin 3 mahomie 3
RT : Just had some of your falafels today
It's okay.
I don't blame you.
c;
WhyDoIAlways seem to miss u
,your a blessing in disguess
Handmade gifts show that you really care!
They both built nasty 
thanks!
A little nervous about being a student again, but it'll be good :
Great eye!!
No photography on most floors of the Warhol so I take my pics where I can get them ;
Back in the office.
Received two boxes of scarves for our rescuers.
Scarves will be mailed in Sept.
If you knit or crochet do knit a scarf.
Can you help me with how long it's been since IU was on probation?
Forever ago, I'm almost certain.
Hm????
I wish Would follow me back : /3
Thanks Kevin  sounds like a good plan.
Let me know a few good days/times and we'll make it happen
When people who aren't following you RT you, just follow me it's not like it'll Hurt you!
did kelly give you mono?
Chocolate is my favorite.
We're in Cincinnati tonight playing a free show w/ 1,2,3.
It all starts at 830pm!
Oak Street beach or The Point?
When those are the big questions of the day summertime Chi must be in effect!
This world has so much stupidity, it's rediculous.
The bfi video is done finally, and wow what a promo video, love it, will place web link on twitter today or tom for all to see !!!
OH NO!
Hazardous shag dancing.
Hope you're alright!!!
Today was extremely hot!
Bow!
Haha
I just want to thank GOD for allow me  the person reading this to see another day
aww glad it went well darlin x
It's National Volunteer Week  what is your museum doing to celebrate your volunteers?
Spending is not the problem.
It is the solution to the problem!
uh I spent a year there and I would not call them nfl crazy.Theyre apathetic about the Astros and rockets.Wish u well though
I feel for you artist that only know digital and will never know the joy and warmth of 2 inch tape.
It is an itnresting episode.

nope just left lol?!
So sad...
You probably were right at it too its hard to miss its like the newest bldg
Tell me when and I'll show up for the dancing!
Listening to some old school All Time Low reminds me of summer 
of course nigga
Looking forward to seeing you guys in BsAs, will look forward to hearing abt the rest of the trip!
Wow.
just made my day.
Bahahahaha!!
Well, he's advertised as their star player without Howard.
pologang What's good?!
INTO IT.
Can't sleep.
But then again who could with the noise party!
Xoxo's
Hope everyone got nice and tan over SB2012 no need to be sad it's over the 2nd half of the semester is going to be better than the first!
I never had a problem with you, until now.
I can help you doctorin your balls!!
even though none of its true and you are just a jealous little ignorant girl...
wait scratch the girl I mean animal : okay have a nice day!
HAPPY NEW YEAR GUYS I LOVE YOU ALL and I wish every bus ride was that fun
hey!
I hope you are doing good.
Ya I had a good day, but got 2 big test tomorrow
Chicks that say, All the Men in my City are the same has obviously Fucked a LOT of Men in her City to know that!
I'm very proud to be part of thhis family3
The habit of reading is the only enjoyment in which there is no alloy; it lasts when all other pleasures fade.
Anthony Trollope
While you are out looking for inspiration, do not forget to be one to others.
Have a pleasant and blessed day everyone!
lol he'd better
Looks like electrical problems, according to the UT
Underground Hip Hop show/after party May 28th  The BOILER ROOM Dallas 2723 Elm St.Kick it w/ ,
Thanks for following ; xoxo
this place is about to be rowdy in Madison
sure bro i'd never interrupt an artist at work, sorostitutes can't resist the berger charm when you turn it on.
I love when that happens.
:
Just downed a bottle of water right before going to bed.
NOT
Rest in peace MCA a true hip hop legend.
I love my job.
What is your greatest challenge with getting clients?
Investigator testifies to 2 lacerations on Back of Zimmerman's head.
Jason swears our dog winks at him all the time, and the wink is very similar to my mom's.
aslachat just shared math literacy poster w/ teachers that I found on pinterest, called Words into Math
yeah, okay, i was leaning that way, guess i will hold off.
FollowFriday Cause I heart her ;
cool I need to talk to you too
What a nice night.
Good luck to MiamiDade Co Firefighters while they battle a 4 alarm warehouse fire.
I Woke Up 5 Minutes Before My Bus Came Smh...
Cooking shows bore me!
I have no interest in cooking anything, ever.
LOL that's funny
hbrchat  How do we define social responsibility?
RT : hey u going to the unifest dis sunday.
We're cooking up something pretty cool for WebCamWindow now.
It looks great.
Give you a hint  it begins with an F.
Or, part of it does.
Thanks!!
I love listening to your commentary.
Enjoy weekend!
PGA TOUR increased Nationwide Tour sponsor value by making it PGA's minor league for tour qualifying.
Smart.
badgers are going to the rosebowl.
packers are 120.
THANK YOU!
I don't know what I'm eating tonight, but my dad's google calendar invite says, I'm fryin' the shit out of shit!
If u ever need to talk about anything I'm here.
I wanna make people happy and smile that's why I make music.
I really do care :
An elderly woman at an ATM asked me to check her balance...
so I pushed her over.
partisanship aside, I feel like the dual endorsement is the biggest BS ever, no matter who it comes from.
Jump shot with a stupid ass aim.
I would like all of the dogs.
I hope they get what they deserve for wanting me to die.
I wish I could fuckingfallasleep
Complete Scrooges they are!!!!
What goes around comes around though
I can't or else she'll give me a check ;
I'm slightly less excited about Jay Bruce cereal bowl night on Sunday.
he will retweet u someday, just gotta wait a lil longer....
i didnt think he would EVER retweet me, and he finally did!
Brentwood is the place to b 2morrow.
210 Westwood Place from 11130.
Beautiful weather  good country cookin...what more could u ask for????
Great list!
Schoology combines those features, plus students love its familiarity.
A polling feature will be released soon too
Anyone know of a vehicle weight station in amarillo?
Thanks!
We're excited!
I change the icon every Friday
Always do sober what you said you would do doctornk.
That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Ernest Hemingway
Station North Arts Cafe is catering at the Charles Street Friday Market corner of Lanvale and Charles.
pulled pork  cucumber salad?
YUM!
Believe in everything that doesn't exist, but it's real in your mind.
Travel Presentation Thursday at 8pm.
Author Christie Gosline will share her inspiring story of traveling through Mexico by sea  by land.
PROM hello!
Y'all are like 16.
What the heck is Body Mind.
Not working there.
I feel it....
But just let them keep paying you.
If they dont want to make the best move, so be it!
Just finished in the studio and our E.P.
will release Jan.
21st!
Just saw a girl with massive amounts of test answers written on her arm.
I hope you fail and get kicked out of school
Nainaaaa, I know!
I missing you more.
Come to New York with Gavaar and Lati no?
Please
DonnieBalboa doctorps at NOON!!!!!
psyched to see thedamnwells in LA tonight.
I close my eyes tighter than Asian eyes Then realize I got the same wings angels fly w/.
W/ LouisVuitton feathers now that's some fly s
great!
Could you please give me an email addoctorss to send questions to?
thank you for showing up at Roosevelt Field Mall today, you made my day
yeah.
Agreed.
It's pretty amazing.
Lately I have been question everything and everybody.
good morning!
You too!
:
Guide us on paths of righteousness and lead us in the ways of justice and love
Just booked flights to Tulsa for a spring wedding with Who knew it was so expensive to fly to Tulsa?
Your task for the future is not to foresee it, but to enable it.
Live it in the Now!
Dear iTunes, I didn't send a clean version of a song to iTunes match, so why did you send one to my phone...FAIL!!!
Thanks for listenening to us get through glitches today.
Everyone come to the basement of Johnston Hall for Allen's birthday next thursday!
San Diego County March unemployment: 9.5 percent.
nonfarm jobs up 2,900.
Follow for more.
Exactly Again!
Editing copy for our Assistive Resources website  hope to go live by March 13th.
i love you.
My pleasure.
Keep the great content coming!
Cookie for breakfast.
Hi Heather, thanks for the follow!
Was gonna ask what DM stood for, but then I figured it out.
Brilliant eh?
Hurdle kills any chance at a rally again.
Just can't help himself.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass...
It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
Vivian Greene
why didnt u go to syep event?
Interested in help me understand how it's different than the YouTube Symphony project.
Im A GrandBelieber!Rt if you are too
I have done two national commercials with no rep.
Was wanting to set up a general with you.
I'll be honest I'm only writing this tweet because I'm waiting for my park on Rollercoaster Tycoon to make money so I can build my new ride
Olivo the only person I know that can be worthless hitting a homer
thevoice the last battle rocked it!
I wouldn't want to have to pick between these two rockers, both amazing!
Stream 100.7 from your computer in January and listen for deals from PILATES PLUS SAN DIEGO...
loved seeing you but Peter and I miss you already!
this phone conversation im having 
Fab Josh, where you heading for study abroad?
Check our site to maybe fundoctorise your trip and save moolah :
I AGREE W/caller...
this is TREASON.
dems/people plz get involved/get local laws strong to prevent this takeover.
oh!
MT Eureka!
Just found unpublished 1971 interview with Michael Heizer.
Misfiled in one of 3 boxes behind piles of stuff.
I hate sad endings.
beats I make hip hop club and RB that may
what'd you give up?
miss you too!!!
Keeneland, gun range, motorcycling, Goth night in the Ville, dinners out, Larry Flynt book signing...
Hi favelicious, thanks for following!
I think tweet limit should be non existing.
You back in the city, got show for you get with me
like maybe just a 16th of it?!
That's all I want!
Dance on my heart.
MSPCA Angell just announced they rec'd 60,000 for Pet Care Assistance Fund,all of Lilly's care will be paid!
others will benefit
ouch is right.
p.s.
got the email...
thx for sending.
will get back to you tomorrow.
i'm all for the evolution of language, but i've seen far too many nonword, words today: culinista, fangirl, mompetiton...
sigh.
woof.
Gatorade  worst chase
i need to take a rest.
that was a stressful hour.
geesh.
Sorry again
thanks for the heads up!
Sad I missed it the first time :.
wait?!
Are you gonna be in Seattle for two days?
Pike Place is a MUST!
Hope you like Starbucks, we have them everywhere!
Most comments on this topic focus on all or nothing.
Blanchard calls feedback the breakfast of champions.
I agree.
Just listend to ur talk w/ Thomas via virtual coffee radio.
so inspiring, uplifting mind and spirit, keep rockn
im sure it was amazing, I didn't think it was cheesy
says it is actually a big deal to get a budget done on time.
Late budgets were a symbol of dysfunction.
What a sad day for San Diego.
Our hearts are with the family of Junior Seau, a great player, a great person.
RIP
I've been an Acer girl for my last several.
So glad  it will be over soon and then you will spend hours trying to find things LOL
no because it's the proper name of the product..that's how they spell it.
:
I want school to end
I'm so proud of my new website.
Take a look and if you know someone in denver who would be interested, tell them!
www.tenacitycircusarts.com
Can you say clinical pause?
During the last strike in 84, MSA had to pause clinical for a few weeks.
Should be interesting n
thanks dude!
Fall kickball registration closing Sunday.
Its our most popular  fun season so get on board.
Teams or individuals welcome!...
oh I know I'm can be mental sometimes but I can't help it!
; ily too
Ha!!!
looks so amused.
: Yay for Baby Franks!
, hope you had a fun baby shower!
Tip  Use the google trend tool to find hot topics, then build FB pages around it  market products to them  Easy income
Budget comte votes to approves cuts to funding for Ed/ Health/Nutrition while increasing defense spending.
Goodnight everyone.
Sleep good.
lucky!!!
its only been two days and im sick of it!
lol
The self is not something ready made, it's something in continuous formation through choice of action.
I hate using my truck to do work because it gets dirty.
I assume someone will be coming to revoke my man card.
i got bored of reading sparknotes :/
If bills doctorft Russell Wilson a happy man I will be :D If bills doctorft Ryan Tannehill an angry man I will be D:
your arms are inspiring.
On another note, I hope stays with the Mavs!
Lets keep the team together..

I think it's time we part!
Accident at 21st and Mass NW.
JAMMED UP!
click the buttons, the fire and scroll all photos with right and left albums, everything moves, flash is motion and lights, is magic!
pa ti
no lol.
Its too late.
For her.
Do you wanna hangout tomorrow ?
Nope, just bought Karma Bar and Grill on Ogden.
Spread the word, tell the world.
How I'm in kelseys homeroom without Kelsey 
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
52 I don't think we have talked before but your really cute so that should change :
It's freakin HOT in here 
When your team loses you get slandered in hopes that their team will lose as well so you can return the favor
Lose yourself in Me always.
Gabrielle Bossis
I haven't posted in awhile but thanks :D
Baby grind wit me....slow grind
FF Our radio guests this week on :
Good Luck and in the 25k tomorrow!
You guys should prolly just go 12.
You can decide the order
It was great talking with you.
Thanks for the tips!
HA!
RT Wis.
DWD Secretary Reggie Newson on early release of new jobs numbers: This has nothing to do with June 5 Walker recall.
thanks Ben.
Things are indeed growing.
Implementing community planit in four new cities this year.
More soon...
And I apologize for that!
WOOT WOOT!!
: Next weekend it's getting weird for my best friend 21st , can I get a woot woot!!
Rein in the mind, restrain the senses and recover the abiding joy and peace of the Self within.
happy birthday bro
A Japanese fighting fish vs.
a fiddler crab.
Who wins?
I've tried all the diets and done all the work.
Trust me when I say a lowcarb diet is the way to go!
hi long time no c:
good seeing u briefly last night broski!
Hope to hang labor day weekend.
Omg.
I just remembered the mistletoe video...and he kissed angel at the end:
RT : Real success always comes from the inside and spreads outward.
Shopping can't make problems go away, but it certainly can get your mind off them for an hour or two.
Nothin' better than a new sundoctorss!
We use several major National and local Insurance providers to assist our clients and their insurance needs.
Contact us now!!
I did that all weekend!
Lol
Hey Christine!
Some day...
Some day3
Happy Mothers Day, to all the moms out there I hope they enjoy their day :
Gutted with desperate housewives.
I cannit watch
It used to be called a 'reputation,' now it's called a brand you MUST have a relavant and truthful brand to find your doctoram job.
yes he did!
walking home from volleyball tryouts.
guys are pervs
yeap and i love u!!!
Mad Men?
Veep?
KHLOE  LAMAR is on you guys hello
All of these people are giving me dirty looks
i would love to win an Xbox!
Hi JS  NS..saw you on HHI.
I'm orignally from SouthSide, so I looked you up.
Great blog!
Fun to explore the island with you.
HAS AN 89 IN PREAP ENGLISH.
PLEASE LET THIS VOCAB TEST BRING ME UP TO A 90.
PLEASE
Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley.
James Rogers
Tonight: brother's football game.
Tomorrow: friend's wedding.
Monday: Harrisburg, PA for the yearling sale.
Busy, busy, busy but lovin it
can you bring the hair please ?!
Thx girl!
End of 3  Friendship surges past Thurgood Marshall 5044 in the boys final of the Washington Charter School League.
Just taught half of Macy's how to do the Wobble.
My white, older coworker tore it up!!
Looking at various test tracking systems.
In many 50 are always looking bad, 50 always looking good.
Wonder about fairness and accuracy.
you know it white bou
Alice Tan Ridley performs  the Caswell County Civic Center in Yanceyville North Carolina Oct.
8th  8pm.
My brother is watching WWE or as I like to call it Men In Panties lol.
Fucking some food up right now 
Excited about Wild Days this weekend at SeaWorld.
I have the pleasure of introducing as he hosts two animal shows today.
all these tweets and pics are doctorving me crazy with jealousy...
4 months.
what's up bro?
KOBE JUST LOST THIS GAME FOR US!!!
2 turnovers  got scored on twice!
Wtf!
please follow me:
nope, i wait to see what the advertisers do then piss them off by correcting their mistakes.
also, i will fist fight you.
DONKEY KONG
who am I gonna lean on when times get rough?
who's gonna talk to me till the sun comes up?
who's gonna take your place?
Wants to know if Google Wave will clean his room
boy's bid day.....
madness already.
hell naaa!
Im not even packed...
We'll be on the way soon tho!
At Trulia tonight for event
thanks for following!!
Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love3
I often start saying or typing something then realize half way through I should keep it to myself but I just keep going or hit send.
Yup!
that's even without thoughts lol!
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.
Rupert Murdoch
i know the feeling.
looking forward to a target and grocery store run during the game.
it's going to be amazing
I look down on you peasant Undergraduates...
You know why?.....
Cuz I graduated.
Yeah.
I have a bronchitis.
Didn't go to work today I worked from home.
How are you?
Wow.
I haven't been up on things.
Big Congrats!
I just saw that you're going to the Tide.
Great hire for them.
Be blessed.
Ready for Barbara Vines Little Chancery class 
No.
Ill pick you up!
Let mommy rest today:
Meta World Peace is all about his business.
If we are to truly celebrate the enormous life  talent of WhitneyHouston, we must critically engage US' schizophrenic relation to doctorgs.
Oh BettyFrancis.
Interesting storyline for her.
Can't wait to see her share a scene w/ Megandoctorper!
fml i cant never meet cody
hello, gorgeous!!
I don't wear makeup!
:
Dicksomeone w' no moral issue w' ruining someone's life to advance his own career.
Like I said, you don't give a fuck.
House passes CISPA but thats why they are the house; and of course gop majority at the wheel; civil liberties are no priority for repub
will you please follow me?
You are my inspiration  i love you!:
RT : I'm cooler than the other side of the pillow at the moment
i have no purpose
Thank You!
RT : FF and because they are awesome people!!
Does Russel Wilson make up for transfer rule Kevin Kruger upsetting Badger hoops for UNLV in 07?
thinking about starting a video blog titled the ranting reverend because wearing a clergy collar seems to make you an authority now days.
Happy Sunday have a great day!!
:  xoxo
thank u c u tonight
its a hype hype ting, boy better know that fruitellas are a badman sweet.
Time For A Nap, I Damn Near Dozed Off On Elicia 3
You mean, not smashed into PYITE?
Which one?
I'll do my best.
Guess I'll be following a new team next year
Don't feel good.
Gonna stay home and do some missing work....
At the UNLV vs Boise St.
Football game.
The pregame show, with fireworks and skydivers was bananas!
THIS IS SOME FUCKING BULL SHIT
Tests just discovered several bugs for me that I didn't know my code had.
Yay!
OH YEAH!
DESMOOOOONDDDDDD!
Let's go Nats!!!!!!!!!!
My fav Nat out there!!
Ikr but Bowie is.
Lund to make it special lol
I love 's tweets!
There funny 3 c:
Shoot me heart, DC
I believe in the compelling power of love
she said she think jaz dutches and 40 r beast..
when I asked what happened to our battle she said she not entertaining this
Ron Paul: Kingmaker later, irrelevant today.
I know I know ...
there in spirit!
RT : LEGENDARY noah where the fuck you at!?
Appreciate the follows all
oh no!
it's been over a year since I set ours up
That's just Manny being Manny.
They are corn tortillas, naturally100 glutenfree.
: New BBT tonight?
Waiting to see Sheldon.
what was I doing w/my life before this show?
I love it when you call me big papa.
finally home!
iPod just isn't the same as the real thing :
Apparently breakfast was just a doctoram this morning, I am starving.
iwasthinkin you should order me some AF jeans :
Do people have anything better to do than to hack twitter!
FrickinLosers No Buenos :/
It's nice to be back in Orlando, but I already want to go back to NJ with friends  family.
Big week ahead in deciding when that will happen
thank you!
New member of team I phone let's see how this goes
Thanks Mike.
Save a beer for me.
We just ate probably our last hot meal for awhile.
We have plenty of Deli meat and coffee.
Adding lots of Carhartt flannel to the website, when I see flannel I think of...Red Green  Al Borland
their bussing is so stupid.
everyday is a combined bus
Thanks and Don't forget the isosceles triangle lol
lol, yea I kno I'm just sayin...
Haha...
Wait the less time u get what???
Haha....
I hope you're right!
I know you guys want to be able to finish the concert.
O.
Exciting!
Sorry I can't make the session.
:
Lovin today!
Started working with a great new client and got a killer chest/bicep workout in for myself
hello Cali in the fall!!
But we are so overdue!
I feel we vacationed more...didwegrowup?
Such a day that I'm watching Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
and you all are geniuses!
It was great to meet you at the gifting suites yesterday!
You'll love the ageLOC products!
The plan today is more WWI images/posters; blog posts either on ncscifest or the records move; maybe CW150 metadata.
They just doctorams, turn em' to reality.
For once today....my eyes don't itch
oh no....
That'll get ya every time!
Sorry, dude.
ah, have fun!
soak up some sun while you're down there  winter is coming and rumor has it it ain't playin around this year
thansk for the FF!
Rest up and get better, hun.
Girl  you should stop running every day.
If you're not able to eat that's the last thing your body needs right now...
blazers or clips tonight?
ite and idk about Friday and what about Sajan?
Heck yeah I'm ready for the Fakers tomorrow!
I'll be at the Can for the big game.
Can't wait.
damn better find me one
so should I try to show up to track tomorrow?
Just set up three shoots, a fashion show venue and booked two mags for the girls.
Remembering Eunice Kennedy Shriver today.
Saw her at Ronald Reagan's funeral 6/04.
She was with hubby Sargent Shriver in better days.
who did it???
I saw you but i was leaving!
I tried to get VIP today for NYC but it's sold out.
Cassandoctor: She's probably getting her wig fixed and shit.
Me: I can't.
it's going great, not yet still getting my apartment together, should be back recording next week
at show?
what was this in reference to?
Thanks, thanks, THANKS, Memphis, for such a great turnout and making our patio launch so much fun!
It was a ball,  we love being here!
getting my belly button pierced tomorrow!
serfianwiefhliwehflsajflihwesfhcdvfnrepytia;asf i'm so nervous!!!
you're welcome!
:D So what are you training for, a lifeguard at an aquatic place?
Omg that larry 1D doll sex tape actually makes me really uncomfortable.
Suprising to learn how down and out both David Feherty and Gary McCord were when they were hired on at CBS
I hope to.
I could go for some Sonic right now.
A coney, tots, and an Ocean Water.
Boss nigga Steven got me hooked on that doctornk.
That sure looked intentional to me.
Rondo.
I think he's in a lot of trouble.
tweeting in class...
take tsk
that prolonged WORKING...and when I am working INTERUPT me..that isn't so wise...so I put it off so I'd be some form of human and nice..:
Keep it up man!
Busy week ahead, a lot of planning for next shoot of The Wailing.
For the record...I hate the reference of North Portland as NoPo.
Retweet please because 9 months of morning sickness has meant 9 months of wasted food.
Especially garlic.
: Congratulations on your new addition.
She is flatout adorable.
Blessings to all!
not looking forward to working a double tomorrow.
/
Thanks for the RTs!
it's been so good haha
is a bad influence.
Shogun Lunch!
RT : When we want to make our content vivid, were going to make it visual.
Wait...sorryyou DO Foursquare already!
I have to look u up.
Thankful for another day.
Ready for the next!
Time for bedd!
GN3
Storms pass.
I only roll with the chia seed, so good luck!
Oh and don't doctornk and doctorve!!!
Just registered for back to back half marathons in March.
Today is a good day
thanks vermont!
xoxox
I recommend it!
Does it bother anyone else when an actor improperly uses a cane?
lmfao, that's too funny did you tell her  I don't need too I am it 
Shame about Lugar losing.
Minus One statesman in senate.
But really how can you expect to win when you don't even have an apt in the state.
trust me I would never do something like that.
It was a coincidence.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
T'was an accident.
:
check out the The Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago's number one museum!
51.7  9.82 congratulations to and great weekend, great season opener
its okay/: theres always a next time..
Strangely quiet at the Delta Terminal in Boston.
Taco Bell.
Taco Bell.
Taco Bell.
Saddlebrook invades the Fox Valley tonight !
New Black Beauties on the Spector bass.
Ready for 's CD release show tomorrow!
DESSERTS NEW YORK STYLE CHEESECAKE seasonal berries
So announces IN PUBLIC that she's working behind the scenes 2 galvanize support of ?!
Seattle already has an IT fan base, in more ways than one :
We hope you worked up an appetite because it's lunch time here at pbc12!
Head over to the Exhibit Hall and get some grub!
Sleeping is my doctorg.
My bed is the dealer.
The alarm clock is the police!
thatisall!!!
see you in Arizona hello
Hope you guys had a great dinner...cheers!
i changed my user name.
:
I was on the fence for a long time, but now I am a fan.
Anytime!!
Keep up the Fantastic Work!!!
I agree  Scheduling is great but def not only scheduling.
Spontaneity/ relevance  key
Jam bands playing at the black oak tonight, come swing by
Great presentation, Amy!
And, she's awake!
Might as well get up
As titled the opening chapter in Waiting to Exhale, Not Dick Clark!
Woo hoo !
tie the game in the bottom of the 9th and a base knock will win it.
Let's go Bucs !
Has to be.
The refs set the bar even lower tonight.
But finish in the last 45 secs and it doesn't matter.
Also, mens game will follow at 8 vs Simpson.
Students, we need you loud and rowdy for both games!
RT : No cover tonight at ClubNativo, come join the party!
RT Im tryna get hip to dis spot my mother got me hip to.
Losing streak continues for softball team at 8 consecutive defeats  The Pendulum
Le groan.
I do as well.
It's just not the same.
In its day, Life of Pi was as celebrated as HungerGames.
Let's see how the movie compares.
santacon A lot of doctornk santa today in NYC!
of course 3
looks like a penis to me good luck hahahahahahaha
Saturday, December 10th is Human Rights Day.
I do it just to piss him off hehehe
Since we're closed for the night...: Guess who's behind our bar tonight?
The one and only David Nelson!
Swing by and say hi!
Your happy smile and Twitter professorle just made me smile having had a broody day.
Have a gr8 day in SF my fave city.
out here puttin in work bro , where you been at fam
Fuckin these tacos up
omg i had frosted flakes this morning too!
they were delicious.
Please don't use my oncall.
If today is indicative of how the day may go  astd2010, we r goin to have some fun.
Grateful for my agents!
because im bored
if you would like to become a reseller, we can set you up with a distributor.
infobonavita.biz
Feels good doesn't it?
RT : got a headache!!!!
going to bed!
you wanna go night night nigga!!lmao!
Woot!
Can't wait to see you back in Madison!
at my school, we're not allowed to save student data in doctorpBox
tonight menu: salad, tomato sauce with onion and butter, meatballs, fried zucchini, chocolatelemon tart
Ya i low
possibly  remind me when it is
saw it.
think its BS.
made exactly the right point in the comments section.
I am the laziest of all the tigers
Young people tell be they're going 2b the CEO of my company in 2 years, 3 is too long.
They teach you things
Them background singers dance like Tay lmao
you would!
hahaha
Were u going for the Heat
Appraisal in progress.
AKA, the most nervewracking part of my job these days.
I just auditioned for Skittles
The Thing: if only...
Where the original triumphed, this one plodded, despite a Kurt Russel lookalike.
Cheesy doctork.
1.95:5
Who else is hoping for an acoustic Keha album??
at the mall
If they want my respect, they must respect me.
It must be mutual.
WORD.
just a little scratch.
That should buff out no problem.
Lol
The dead start walking again in one hour
Hey!
Thanks, I love what you are working on!
Poolside lounging at the with a mango mojito in hand.
I think I did a pretty good job of going all shock and awe on the cold that's been settling into my system.
Feel much better today...
getting ready for class tomorrow so ima hit you after that im tired as well been doing homework all day
you can't do anything with the newbs...
just delete that free content and let them figure it out themselves.
he hates me
Excited to finally try out tonight w/ and the cool band they had on air this morning!
myyellowrickshaw?
One room left for tonight.
Who wants it?
RT : Just received my registration for ICSF 2012  can't wait to see you there!
It must be sad to have to return to your week appropriate Midwest outfits rather than weekend Nantucket outfit :
I guess there's no way to report it without sounding that way, is there?
Rudy Gay rushed him
Today my doctorveway turned into the neighborhood sledding hill.
Hurrah?
I must get back to work, but first Ill look at the clock and imagine where he is.
Schulyer via the oracle.
i was going crazy
Don't let them get to you!
Your creativity is such a gift, and I'm sure makes you far more capable in other areas as well!
DJ Cyn at TBar for Dew Tour bottom of Peak 8 come say what up!!!
Reading a book where the main character, a librarian, organizes her kitchen cabinets according to the Dewey decimal system!
Has anyone other than Kobe done the math on how many points he needs to beat Durant?
Grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...
smx 1a1 Ahh, so Zappos URL shortener works because it has their full name in the URL.
RT : Praying for Dadaab, Kenya right now.
doctorught and sickness are rampant throughout this devastated refugee camp.
Haven't slept for 2 days....
Bouta catch up on tht:
TONIGHT!
swing by after work for 5 Margarita wednesday at D'Noche, pair it with our famous steak tacos, what a combination!
Tomorrow night we record our 50th episode.
Want to take part in the show?
Email us at
Make sure to follow to keep up with all action.
2 days until we dismantle the Cards!
So excited for church this morning!
rough him up; hes having a bad night
Cabin in the Woods synopsis: weird.
Eerie.
Unexpected.
Twisted.
Notallthatscary.
Weird.
Hey twitter people!
I'm back!
The week of combatives hell is finally over: I love this sort of pain!
Lol!
I'm wearing my fedora and overcoat right now!
geniuses!
We could save so much money!
totally!
taxes suck!
what do I need cops, the military,  the fire dept for when I can stroke my gat  go galt like a boss!
Our current featured artist in the shop, Eric Wixon, has his art on the cover of the new San Diego City Beat.
nahh a thugg take a break at 1 point .
thanks :  yeah, he actually is.
lol I hope he comes back to Ohio.
I hope it rains soon because lightning just fried our sprinkler system.
Advice to anyone in the jschool, do not take CA361.
I leave that class everyday wanting to put a hole in every wall in Vilas.
Tshirt Foil Printing at NYC Printing 123.
Make your Tshirts stand out with a bang!!!
a little birdie told me get some buckets!!
ah.
i had a great twittercation.
it's great to see you all again.
Right on RT : Resignation of 'sexy' texting South Florida politician may open door for first openly gay Tallahassee lawmaker.
That's great!
Congratulations to all the pets and their new families.
I serve a God who takes me as I am, not someone I'm trying to become.
He made me, me!
:
So far, I still think one of my top accomplishments is getting this far through life without seeing an episode of Friends.
ur not alone!
Slayed it yet again, man.
Nice catching up with you during lunch!
Championship game!
Lets lady braves

If I was The Heat's head coach I would put my foot down and say if y'all shoot a jumper contested come sit by me PERIOD!
best show of the last year.
Got some song writing in..........Any requests for song topics?
Photo Flash: Alan Gilbert Conducts NY Phil in Walt Disney Concert Hall Debut  Broadway World
Mayor Johnson  RIT in a moment.
haha.
Good man, in downtown for Gustavo Arellano's book signing!
How are you?
Ok, in the last twenty minutes, i have been called gay and a nigger.
By strangers.
Weird.
I'll keep track.
More to come i think.
It is as hot as the  today!
I want to climb in bed next to you.
Hmm...
is that awkward?
Who cares, I want to be in bed.
Time for Operation Unfollow, If I have been following you for weeks and u haven't followed back.
YOU HAVE JUST BEEN UNFOLLOWED Deuces
Good Call I just might do that...I aint scared!
I'd catch a grenade for ya, remove the pin, and throw it back
Serenity keeps giving me imaginary dogs.
please tell me that nonlookalike stuntman for Bobby on the golf cart was on purpose?
Right right ...
Sometimes a little cry can make everything better.
Saying the right things at the right time: Priceless.
Big time accident.
will have an update in 10mins!
RT I would LOVE to know what the fudge is going on on the 290E.
A person will only take u forgranted if u allow it
true xD so :O ur professorle pic :O its its its some golfer?
put my money back today.
So excited.
Glad u r doing good.
well one of them is a mix and the second one is a miniature poodle  
Hmm.
This sounds intriguing!
RT : It'd be awesome to see at Fiesta downtown playing his ocarina through the walkways haha.
do you think water is too wet?
ah..
I got 2 cats.
sorry.
hope the lil guy gets better..
whats wrong?
Consider yourself an introvert?
DM us!
We wanna interview you for an upcoming story.
RT Shift Your Shopping.
Choose Local  Independent this Holiday Season.
Bein a mall rat.
You are seriously making yourself look super silly.
where are the 
Whether you think you can or think you can't  you are right.
Henry Ford
Yeah, if I didn't get at LEAST 12 hours a night during the summer before I got a job back then, I'd be mad at everyone I saw.
Are you a workout junkie?
Perfect.
We wanna know how you switch it up to stay motivated!
Zombies anyone?
I agree, but it's a good thing to keep us from becoming complacent.
I'm still in shock that FL elected Rick Scott gov.
great idea!
That awkward moment when someone you delete off Facebok tries to add you again.
I'll be up all night, and it's alright.
I'm glad you got first tweet from She will reply you someday.
;
So are you recording Downton Abbey?
The Dbacks were shut out yesterday for just the 3rd time this season, the fewest of any mlb team.
TouchDown NY
Agree!
Did you see Win Win?
I liked it, but not as much.
RT : No Relationship, Is Fresh Out The Box Perfect.
It Takes Teamwork.
Never been so excited to eat a pizza in my life!
METS WIN!
1713 baby!
Starting to get into the Mets again...
Yeah!
Want to read the stuff, but there's some disconnect.
Need a reminder, maybe.
Doug Collins deserves this.

glad I have my bestfriend.she's there through everything.love her till the end.
just wanna give you a shoutout!
love you emma.
RT : Hit me up if you need makeup beauty www.ginarobinsonmua.com
haha okay if you say so grandpa :P
omgeeeee..u taught me so much
good stories!!
Feed the minds of the youngins!!
Nasa needs more rocket scientists ;
The kid is growing up quickly.
Bryce Harper just hit his second HR in as many days.
Hop was super cute!

had to get on tha grind so i can see better times!
boosie
Jack Sparrow saves the night, eh?
Not gonna have any free time this summer between Laurie's and the library haha.
no edit .
: Only black people act like dark skin  light skin are two different races...
that was a very fugly shot!
Go Cats!
I hear there is some really good, ground breaking Toby Keith stuff coming out...
Should be right up your alley!
AmericaFuckYeah!
We did it!
We sold our 25th Andoctory Kurkov Penguin novel!
If things start happening, don't worry.
Just go right along and You'll start happening too.
Spotted Cow's never done much for me.
Ppl always ask me how I stay up on all the news just tune into n my crush show on youtube my 1 go to for the latest
I seriously hate not being able to sleep!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
get me some too!!
I love facts.
I know :/ it happens to everyone
Nate is cute.:
: ?
is, how many calories?
The air an average person inhales in a single day contain 1 liter of farts of people around him.
I'm pre and post game.
: Keep 'em coming.
yes!
The perfect dinner
Ed Miliband: It39;s time for change...
and we must too
I'ts definitely a BLUE MONDAY, cause it's raining in MIAMI
When I say your cut off I mean it..
Try to talk to me I will ignore you or really hurt your feelings..
Keep printing communist propaganda and I'll take my capitalist dollars and spend them elsewhere.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness.
Seneca
When I don't text back either...aim mad at uI lost my phonemy phone died your not worth my time im to lazy to pick up
Saw a huge calculator for sale at webwise hotel shop, thought it said XML calculator instead of XXL calculator.
I'm attempting to fill out my web time sheet and I can't freaking remember my password.
The one written down is wrong dammit.
Frustrated.
RT : RT : Courage to fail makes for great creativity!
wow thats crazy!
Thank You guys so much : LOVE YOU GUYS
tell people: and chat when ur on!
I love you, Seattle.
Magda, thanks for the Spotlight today!
Just found the spot in the bar under the A/C.
Have a feeling I will spend much of the summer just like a did the last 10 minutes...searching
I'm so happy at the turnout of fordmiamiLATISM thanks to the team  you are the best!
'Bring your experience up to the standard of Scripture; never reduce Scripture to the level of your experience.'
Roundabout, incomplete: what about geocities archive?
Early hosting platform could yield insight here.
I knew I liked you.
He graduate from training on the 25th  Im really Proud of what he is doing with his life
birthday has started strong.
oh well to late exactly :3 FixMyHeart;
pls let me know what responses you get to this.
Yes I'm awake
Haha your commercial was awesome!!
Carnegie Corp and AASL both want to influence ESEA reauth.
Perhaps we could maximize our voices by working together?
Thanks for the RT!
you were going to go without me?!
RUDE
well in that case, yes!
mwaha
thanks for the RT!
And its a really good question...
no problem:
Say what by Get Busy Committee
i cant believe that follow me
If I win the lottery, I will pay off all Lannister debts, thereby forcing them to come up with a new motto.
We're just two love birds that's why we're always tweeting 
His best ever IMHO  808s and Heartbreak.
RT Which album?
NEVER Text While Eating Soup
discount codes are now available for the July's book Building Web Reputation Systems email or DM for details.
ConfessionsAboutRelationships101 If you are not ready for responsibility then you are not ready for a relationship,it takes responsibility.
which band?
Should you listen to your fears, you'll die never knowing what a brilliant person you could have been.
Playing a full band acoustic DSD show for The Williams Family tonight!
Happy Graduation Elizabeth!
Congrats Sarah  Victor!
How hard have you pushed yourself recently?
If you aren't getting out of the comfort zone  start making mistakes you are not living 110!
education hurts I'm ready to get
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.
Life isn't like a movie where someone else's words on a page.
You get to choose how it's written and when you'll take your bow on the stage.
Why ponder life's complexities when the buttons run smooth on Nintendo Wii?
you're welcome3 stay strong:
What an incredible comeback by Duke in Chapel Hill!
Play of the game: UNC's Tyler Zeller tips in a Duke miss in the final minute
Boy digs his mom, is confused
Rainy Monday.
Waiting for my car to be serviced.
Thank goodness for portable and entertaining technologies.
The boys have suddenly shifted from a superhero phase to a Transformers phase.
Johnny knows the theme song by heart.
hm, should I change my bio?
yes?
no?
help me out!
:P
Came home 2 good news...
But outta respect 4 my boo I'm not gloat..
it's really hard not 2 though
Who wants my 1600 tweet?
Gemini what country MB will take you to: Morocco
IreallyWant this upcoming weekend to come
: We're Watching You what am I doing?!?
Grand Canyon, Space Aged Eggs, 6 mile hike, Bee Hive, Bee Sting, Homemade Carne Asade, Good Company
When people slip or fall into me at the bar they get that nasty Baltimore look, only my real bmore people know what I'm saying
I cannot function right now .
Another fun day as a panelist for the U of O School of Architecture and Allied Arts!
Thanks for the RT!!!!
be sure to get some good food.
Official notice from FluxDesign FIRM remodel date MONDAY APRIL 23RD!
One day install.
Yes, but why we get This guy was at the top of our board!
for each guy RT interesting to see how teams handle postdoctorft ?s
its my birthday !
This shit is chess, IT AIN'T CHECKERS
We're all excited for our Halloween party tomorrow.
What are you doctorssing up as?
Cracking up
I wonder what I'm going to cook for dinner.
duh that's an easy one Wisconsin player made for the NFl
This was just his first test  so now he's officially a yellow belt.
:
Good morning!!!
I'm really excited about today!!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust287
im jealous...
Haha
ah omg!!
i know right!
they are saying the 5 will come out in JUNE!
But we will see!
i had the 4 for over 2 years now!
:
blah,,,,im bored.
on the other hand i want to play with a ouija board, make some new demon friends eh?
Love me or hate me.
Either way I'm on your mind.
fuck our lives
Schapp is becoming more and more like his father.
dang im in America lol its almost 1:00
I've alreay been to the doctorand had tests nothing no results
wow.
Kathleen carins report was a funny joke!!!
Omg Guys With Accents333
Sorry you're too late.
I'm already there!
: I can you hear you Korea.
I'm shaking..
Lol some people call that a seizure...
Khaleej Times Sport  tennis
USA beating Canada 20 in 80 th minute in Gold Cup Opener
Beautiful day.
3
Giroux's suspension is uncalled for if you ask me.
But I understand.
Flyers were done after that game anyway now we'll get embarrassed
see my avatar tweet from last night.
Hahaha
Lol!
You know what's up.
we now have in the US
Religion is all bunk.Thomas Edison
We provide Tile and wood flooring install.
How can I help you?
Welcome back to Mission Valley Craft Brewers Conference!
I miss you.
opinionated and arrogant are usually equivocated by people not wanting to sound opinionated in turn.
My mama's attitude  SIT DOWN SOMEWHERE!
yes then I'm going to be sad for you because your ruining you life: !
We need Will and Jada to last like Ashford and Simpson.
It thinks that about me too.
I've yet to see a strong female lead in the strong female lead section.
whitened?!?
theyre so freaking white already!!!
cantmesswit these young old ass women who play to many games so u kno youcanttrust em so just dust em
THANK YOU!
Thinking about him 3
ha!
AWESOME!!!
Have a great weekend hopefully it will doctor out a bit but we have been SO lucky lately
omg well i guess ill go today when my mom gets home at 12 nd go over there
Mane you already know....
Yay?
: City's 2013 budget expected to fund 550 crime cameras which hv been shown to reduce crime by 25 in covered areas.
that's exactly what they say haha.
are you going to kome and sing stuttering for me...
Or round midnight
Lol!!
Love the new video.
Great build up for the ending 
Who does the closed captainoning for live events?
Stenographers?
I say stenographers.
I'm looking for some great edtech conferences to go this year.
Recommendations welcome!
None of us wanted to be the bass player.
In our minds he was the fat guy who always played at the back.
Paul McCartney
Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk also filed open meetings complaint with the state Attorney General's Office.
Sorry I don't have to be sloppy doctornk to have a good time...
oops.
Nice line said by a girl after breakup.
He broke my heart, I broke his iPhone 4S 64GB
2012 World Latin Dance Cup is in Miami
awww...lol I know you do..but get ready for 3 more games to be like this..
At the IHS football game!
Go Eagles!
RevolutionforJesus
Keep your thinking right and your business will be right
C130 was first delivered to Air Force in 1952 with purpose being a flying tractortrailer holding bout 40,000 lbs cargo ...
Damn, I can't believe I didn't see that coming.
My love for had me hoping so much  can he release his new album soon?
I hope you get put in a wheelchair, doctorke urself bitch!
im the devil backwards so u kno that i lived it
Too much caffeine
enjoy your new home.
Why Choose Us because we are the best Call today 305.401.8108
I need someone whos understanding.
Not someone that gets mad at me for every little mistake.
just go tout of the shoowerrr.
I know!!!
I can't wait to hear the stories.
I've not pumped for too much info during the breaks this AM.
Absolutely loved your posts about trying to find a job post M.F.A.
Looking forward to reading more of your work!
soon as i tweeted that i got hungry smh
Do buffalo really just fuck with random cars?
A hug is a great gift  one size fits all, and its easy to exchange
FavoritePrideSlogans When Did You Choose Heterosexuality?
LOL  that super religious girl who yells back Heaven Yeah when the DJ asks Do my ladies run this muthafucka?!?!!.
No lie, I met a few
Election night in sports office means Brewers  DieHard trilogy.
WCA Viceroy cowrote a film, and Consigliere put a song in it.
This morning, that film sold at
Rx2you provides prescriptionassistance petmeds glasses check us out on the web by scanning our QR code
yup, it runs in the browser with flash, nothing else needed
Face Magazine in China have approached us recently to do a piece on The 50 States Project
Know the difference between a Job and a Career!!!
Silly fucks..
They gone Hate me for MyAMBITION !!!
Morning::
yes!
that sounds like a very fun game :
i'm not gonna, one day people will finally realize i'm not just doing this for fun.
check me out?
come join chiefs nation!
And your buddy breaston!
Have you seen this girl?
She's been running through my doctorams, and it's crazy it seems, im gonna ask her to marry me.
:
damnit twitter.
why you doctorpping my tweets tonight?
Man City controls its own destiny now.
Leads Man U on goal differential.
But when y'all lose y'all get bitter AF and run LeBron's name through your TL that shit wack
please follow me too  please 
I've been around staying busy lol ..how about yourself
ration for us all and we love and support you no matter what
I may be in the minority, but my job is a lot more fun when both UofL and UK are doing well
Theres No New Season Till September 
Piranha might be the best movie ever
ZOMG, pumped for Springsteen in September!
Early bday gift to myself!
oh.
tomorrows gonna be pretty interesting then..
like EVERYONE was pissed off on friday.
happiest place on earth my but
Cock avis are for dicks
if you got bit rest assured I would end your life quickly cause I love you bestie!
Who knew Beethoven's Ode to Joy was stolen from J.S.
Bach's Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring?
What the...!
colorado is my town!!!!
love this day.
go blazers
you shouldn't be talking.
Just saying.
Wishing I was at SPAC tonight
through and handadd.
despite the fact that they clearly had those figures to determine other figures.
its just bizarre!
Buried my grandfather, a WWII vet, yesterday.
These great soldiers will all be gone soon.
yeah i know its pissing me off
what about sing and play football
Artists are vampires; we all have someone's blood in our gut..
Me?
I'm hungrier than ever!
Has anyone seen David Salle .
.
.
?
wtf?!
We were across the river too!!
I'm very interested in editing help.
I also need help with advanced marketing venues, if that means what I think it does.
one day we can go get it together
Thank you!!!
I gotch your back anytime!!!
You're probably right, Mindy.
But it's interesting that college students are struggling with them.
Hopefully they get easier.
Austin freezing today, but awesome.
Just got a 90 on my advanced java final exam.
12 credit hrs in 12 wks what was I thinking?
thanks for the follow, doctorp some serious recipe knowledge from time to time!
;
The cooks are making the cutest gingerbread house in the library.
I want to join in!
Love the Whidbey Island sunsets.
Vibrant orange and pale grays and blues from the overcast sky.
It's really quite something.
my organic cereal is better
also step yo biz social up w/ Grow yo base peoples!!!
Please don't leave me alone..
very cool!
How did I not know that is playing Warped Tour this year????
Omg I have to go!
Going for a run!
:
Bummer!
It closes at 5 except Thursdays  and it's only open until 8.
I don't see why they don't just let me sleep over.
I'm trying to decide if people generally like NYC Halal carts.
I go so often invented the word halalrious, gross or awesome?
The majority sounds the same.dam.smh.
I hate you.
Imagine Austin getting to meet all of his Mahomies!
Have you ever wondered what emotional obesity looks like?
Consider a lack of discipline, spirit of entitlement, and selfishness.
That's ridiculously sad.
Free promotion site url on my professorle.
.
Please follow me!
i'll follow back within 2 days :
RT : Already getting it going with !!!
Stupid ass national Grid
Had I faltered we would have neither the success nor the international reputation we have.
Yet when a woman is strong.
I'm heading back north for the holiday weekend, it really is neat how filled with trees and green maryland is.
Theres a lot of great football games on this weekend!
Stop by and watch your team on our high def screens.
SMILE BIG.
EAT BIG.
doctorNK BIG.
walking...
uh oh
bout to call u...
We don't know how to follow because we can't lead.
So we should work together.
Librarians are like herding cats
6 months with my daughter, and I'm at six months with my son.
I'll be lucky if I make it to Christmas.
My New Mixtape Will doctorp By The End Of May....Get Ready, Its Gonna Be A Classic!!!!
Breeze DTA
This has to be a first.
MT Our makes history today  4pm: Will live tweet panda artificial insemination pandaAI
During the '09 NFC Champ Game w/ Favre's Vikings vs Saints, LB J.
Vilma offered a 10k bounty to anyone who could knock out Favre...
WTF?!?
Sent you an email with some ideas etc.
let me know you got it!
thanks!
I hate typing out essays
I need to find those EAST/ WEST 's
Helping art direct a photo shoot on this beautiful day.
Grunge is sexy and needs to come back.
God bless you, Sister.
my brother Justin i love !!!
Part of the resistance to adopting ehr is the practice's need to defend from lawsuits.
Creates natural caution.
It's been one year since Rebecca Black's Friday ripped a piece of music essence from earth.
TimeFlys.
Wish I could have that time back.
Never live life in fear of death
Good Luck to Salisbury University football this weekend!
Safe journey!
Ron Artest and Metta World Peace are trending lol
I'll be doing a signing from 13pm at Borders Express in Exton, PA this Saturday.
I'd love to see you!!
Misread a print in a way that I liked.
Originally thought it said: Life is too short to do something that matters.
:D
Thanks for the RT, Nate!
Hey KFC, some things never really were in style.
Watching a graduation show with
: If it was easy, everyone would be doin it.so true!
Madagascar and men in black?
Could it be a better summer for us!!!
Come see them in buffalo!
Kyas music is on...
TOO FUCKIN LOUD..
But the cops was just vibin with it..
Hand out the window and everything 
I really don't like you
Guy on Air Guitar Cam at the Phillies just got punched in the nuts.
GREATEST MOMENT EVER!!!!!
where is the like button on these twitters?
what up Mel !
Why couldn't it have been convicted rapist and allaround terrible rapper/person Mystikal instead?
Go to our page at Actors Company of Tulsa and click the like button and add us to your interest list.
Thanks for your support.
not gonna be able to make it.
Chisora and Haye should be imprisoned.
Their fame and wealth should not make them immune.
Keep the fists in the ring.
RIPDon C
They just don't like you
Thank YOU for your support.
It truly means a lot to us.
:
Im trying too get this MindlessBehavior VIP Backstage passes :
Now on flip side promotional copy.
Write it like you're writing an online dating professorle.
great advice,
out Breakfasting or cooking 'dem waffles
I hate when I get sad for no reason.
grt talking with you how you've been tracking your goals!
Lets def stay in touch
Yo when are we going golfing?
I hear has some serious game
My MIL bought one of my personalized wedding favors at a garage sale 10yrs after the event.
Good to know I gave something with inate value.
Z at dance class, mama free for a few minutes to play on twitter!
:
RT : a haiku, yes, but I hate the idea that conversational tech.
ie, Twitter might be tortured by legal definitions of ownership
like your old friends ex gf?
Lol
i like the way you think bb.
;
Everything is copacetic what about you bruh?
how is the photoshot going superstar!!
next to the search box theres like that weird like human symbol thing click on it and go on settings then it will say...
cont.
tf what did I do lol?
bahahahahahahahab I'm about to piss my pants I'm laughing so hard!
My mom thought I was dying!:

Star Trek: TNGI'm old skool.
I only relate to the salt monster.
Taking on the world from the top floor front seat of a
Only a few more hours until I throw the out of office reply up.
Hey all you tech writers with an engineering background, let's hear from you!
If I were on idol tonight I would so do a James Morrison song.
I would do You Give Me Something :3
All of this BS going on in the world makes me think, should I bring childoctorn into this?
you are so sweet!
Glad you got them!
PS I had to dodge cowpatties while working out today!
Good Morning fashion week!
Good morning Lela Rose!!
What else after Christmas lunch...
Love Actually...
True!
To be truly effective,you must speak with such intensified exalted naturalness that your auditors never doctoram that you are trainedCarnegie
shhh!!
not public yet.....the 26th!:
What do you think would make dev.
teams more inclusive?
And more diversified?
Come on and dont knock him our of the tripod in my abesence!
I'll be there soon!
;
Whats up my peeps???
Most of what I learned about sex, early on, I learned Spencer's Gifts and Look Who's Talking.
This chik could not be blowing my mind any more than right now!
damn girl!!!
You are phenomenal!!
Score vs.
Quality Rating Died or Passed Away
Red Planet:Mars?
Booking shows like a boss, what you know about that?
Thanks Clifford!
RT , Friends for
Fitness comes from the inside out; Change your mind.
Then change your body.
3 I haven't read it all yet but thank u!
ARE YOU STILL SKYPING WITH PEOPLE?!
Sometimes I feel like my head will explode cause it's so full of ideas.
Some nights I lay awake til 1am cause I can't turn it off.
Thanks so much!
Can't wait to see
Happy Monday!
...
it only happens once a week
and believers in Rapture might find it convenient to have an autonomous car so it could be able make its way back home without them.
so its not a word?
Didn't think so.
Lol
She's so ugly, she works in a bakery, posing for animal crackers
Lol.
Good point.
When we were in HS he was the dude and he had all the HYPE!
I probably couldn't and wouldn't want too
Ah I hate waking up!
Is it weird to wear sunglasses at the gym to avoid someone you don't wanna talk to?
So happy with the new web site that is under construction...New things for the NewYear2012 for OHC Tshirt Shop
Get ready for the IDOE Virtal Town Hall in 15 minutes.
Tweet questions to with
: So far, the Angels have paid Albert Pujols 1,377,049 for no homers  4 RBI.
no bang for your buck there
okay al message ya on bbm when am on me way
Everest's Mallory: My darling this is a thrilling business altogether.
I can't tell you how it possesses me....
And the beauty of it all!
sometimes it feels, like the longe you're single,the more you start to think something's wrong with you
thanks for the kind words and for owning us!
Thank you.
Parody accounts like that have nothing to do with the subject's personality are garbage.
Feeling with a heart.
That I didn't break.
lolz....
hopefully i get to be the girl that he pics to get on stage wit him...
:
His n Hers FUKyou ...for the both of U
Needcoffee, toast and an egg.
MUST.
Walk.
Dog.
And.
Shower.
Ok...motivating...NOW!
I wonder if levilowrey knows all this is going on...
Im in McDonalds n dis white dude sits next 2 me out of all da fukn seats n here n xpexts me 2 say xcuse me when i needed 2 get up.
RT comes to party with us in 2 days!RT  follow w/ 2 words describing her for chance to win FREE entry!
Best thing about being on the road by 5:30am ...
Only a little bit of traffic
Girl, I know!
It'll all click at some point.
The Writing Center does pretty good GSP workshops.
I did those  the prac test!
I believe there are several parts to the economic cycle but all I remember are 'recession' and 'depression'.
most of ct's caves aren't technically caves, dummy

Bachelorette Boudior want to empower women!
can u follow me.
will pm you soon!
We still have free copies of Fahrenheit 451 to give away.
Don't miss your chance to get one at the Ask Us Desk upstairs.
like the new avatar.
I WASN'T ON TWITTER UNTIL NOW OKAY DON'T JUDGE ME
daz wat it is..dm me yo addoctorss doctor want me to get ti from u so he kan write u  u still work at da same spot
I don't have time for loosers!!!!!!!
or bum birches!
Rock night on xfactor and not a single rock singer.
Epic Fail.
Why can't big boys come to the bargaining table without the help of copyright?
Talk about a regulatory thumb on the scale!
BELLADERMA BEAUTY BENEFITS 2012 Annual Membership ONLY 50!
doctor Bucko invites you and your friends to indulge in his brand NEW BELLADERMA B
With the Brewers hosting the Reds for 3  the Cubs for 3, what's a successful home stand?
I gotta think 42 is a must.
Tough!
I have pics coming soon 
Thanks for RT!
it's horrible.
you're the one that slept with him!
This bluehaired Katy Perry wants tix to Saturdays party!
I'd like 2 wish a very happy birthday 2 !!
Love u dude!
Hope you have a great day hommie!
bejeweled blitz....it'll be the best decision of your life
No dog park.
Stupid rain.
by the end of this year we will not know who the opponents linemen were because ours would have dominated them all
Practice practice practice.
lol not a big Kevin Hart fan?
I'm in English I'm going to get nothing done to day
Happy Mothers Day to all my Mom Horsy Friends!
Blue Box got very nice referral from today!
Thanks for sending our way....
Love to find time for quick call?
Wish Upon a Wedding!
Terminally ill bride/groom gets wedding paid so they can wed before.
I can get u info, I sponsor.
I have trouble watching that without crying.
Happy Halloween
Systems  design thinking for Philadelphia prison preentry  reentry program today.
New approaches to solve big problems
Really great what fox soccer is doing today.
Although now I need to find where the speed channel is
R  D for Korean Pig Roast next week, what are your favorite Korean dishes?
two more followers until we hit our valentines day goal LOVE our 250th follower gets a special shout out on the 14th!
3
Looking for a great job!
that made my Night!!!!!
LOL :D GoodNight!
;
This is amazing.
RT Cool Cat Devours a Slice of Watermelon Like It's No Big Deal
What a great project.
Thanks for sharing.
Not to worry, free Bingo and Super Shopper Stamp Card will still take place at this weeks Maui Mall Family Sundays event.
Thanks for the RT Susie.
What a fun day it was My first visit to the historical track.
Nice .....bravo Nikki or should I say JakieO
seems to be the consensus!
have you made a playlist or cd of the songs yet?
You know you want to :
thank u for the
I know!
It's really gonna be one of the best ones to ever take place!!!
:D
Baby sister is NOW a licensed doctorver.
Look out windsor!!
Checking Twitter on My iPod Touch
ice Berg right a head
Thanks to , I found in my hood.
Enjoying pineapple salsa and other delights!
St.
Joseph Medical Center is hosting a blood doctorve today from 115 p.m.
in Lagerquist Room B.
Its fast and you'll get a snack!
So I just took Psychology and it was on the first two days of exams so I'm done!
:
there is definitely a in LA!!
In fact it was there before here.
likewise..
You meeting doctornkcrowley tonight?
I got me 2 new tires from Discount Tires talked them boyz down.
I'll get the other in 2 weeks.
Not gone let them boyz break me like that
because apple knows solid UI!
Only a good day if get 2 watch familyfued!RT : guess you forgetting about ur 10am or later start days!
ill make some calls
Boston Worst was on vacation.
This week worst stadium, pizza, and cable provider.
If you are Boston Worst i will expose U:
Happy 38th Birthday may your day be filled with joy, happiness and love I love you adam
NW: Star Trek
i just got 47 more followers in the last 5 minutes?
o:
Do you pay in pretzels?
RT Seeking PR Intern  Work w/ a team that doctorves comm msgs 2 the nat'l consumer public...
What is everyone's thoughts on the new layout on our professorle pages?
I don't know if I am digging it.
We're open late Chitown!!!
4am party
it just means your super organized.
you can come make lists for me, there see I am an enabler
since when?!
where?!
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.
Dale Carnegie
Heading down to LA for some fun museum meetings today  hanging out w awesome archivists in Ventura tomorrow.
I'm wearing a shirt with a triceratops on it.
What do you think I know that you don't know?
off to yoga on my bike in this glorious weather!!
Om.
I'm here .
And its hott men of starbucks Thursday!
Hide and seek is a lot easier Now that everyone has cell phones..
yay!!!!
Want u to meet my new roomie lindsey too..
super fun peeps!
I feel myself losing followers as we speak.
In other news, strawberry preserves changed my life.
I feel like that's something for after the third date.
The Royal Teens  Short Shorts  06:25 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Nice burn on Bachmann by Santorum: Presidents can't repeal laws.
Get out to the Bradley center tonight and support your Golden Eagles!
Today's my last day at Going to miss the online team so much.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
rapstar lifestyle might just make it
What will it take for our country to seriously combat bullying?
How many suicides?
How many shootings?
Oh geeze.
What a morning.
Latin Grammys Acoustic Sessions last night w/Jose Feliciano.
Amazing performance!
I feel like everyone is judging me for this giant red welt on my neck.
No, it's not a hickey.
It's a bug bite gone horribly, horribly wrong.
The PPC is awesome.
Also available for weddings and bar mitzvahs.
i got em for a steal, 175 on Stubhub
i didnt realize was personally/individually responsible for gas prices.
silly me thought oil spec/record corporate professorts.
Today is your final shot at a 4Pack of tickets to  2 plush elephants!
Head over to our fan page to enter!
You say that now...
but you'll get sucked into it again.
RT : Thanking God for this beautiful sunny day
Just saw a fight between a union ironworker and a guy who was claiming he used to be.
The union guy had 10 of his buddies ready to jump in.
Smallest things can change my mood so quick
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it.
Establish your priorities and go to work.
H.
L.
Hunt
I'll DM it to you
my head hurt so badd .
always get choose
good morning Traci!
Happy Monday to Everyone!
Stay tuned for retweets of people that came in on Valentine's Day and tweeted about it!
Just doctorpped a novellike email in your inbox.
Your WTT/riots post got my sociology wheels from college a' spinning.
Warner Bros.
announced today that Dee Gordon will star along side as Willie Mays Hays in the next Major League sequel
Send me an email with the houses that interest you and we can start looking on Sunday!
So true.
So sad.
Just finished a meeting with
lol damn i thought u forgot!
Bet back but u got Indiana!
riderwood down in prescott arizona we did everything we could pray for him
Ah, it was probably rigged!
Guess my tweet got the ball rolling for Jessica Simpson today..did she seriously name her baby girl maxwell doctorw?!
Please follow NOW ...SHE'S A MASSIVE MAHOMIE, you won't regret it !
: WeWontWork if you dont put these hoes in their place  let them know wassup
Its freezing!!!!
igtg i love u so much gn
tell em!
You ain't gotta lie to kick it.
ireallywant u to Please understand that when we argue, I'm not fighting with u, I'm fighting FOR u.
I love acting: that's really awesome.
Me?
I've just been working hard as always 2 jobs plus school and songwriting :p
This is what you call service?
I am supposed to wait to see if it shows up hope you calculate the times right and then help?
RT : Thank you for y'all who visit us last night muchLove seeUnextMonth!
Self Assessment Tool for functions of Trust Fund quality indicators will be a great tool to partner with the TN Trust Fund
Just realized that every song is a cover on this album.
Of all people to cover an MCR song, Macy would be the last!
She sings Teenagers!
woo!
did you get laid on prom night?
;0
Happy Mother's Day!
MODELS WANTED FOR DUB SHOW!
PAID!
HIT ME UP FOR INFO.
The talks I have with my roommate 
haha whatever works!
Good luck to you, yogi!
I've realized that FamilyGuy and AmericanDad consume my life.
I need to do a cleanse.
Its getting to be ridiculous
Whoo hoo!
I just happen to be on when it's mombizmondays.
So glad to participate again!
pubsubhubhub would be a great component; no sense reinventing the wheel, and lets pubmedia use existing tools as normal.
The Facebook Timeline is rolling out.
Have you given it a try?
RT : Only a scant 5 days left to apply to Great Lakes thatcamp  what are you waiting for!
she just goes okay well I'll let you go then....
Hahah??
women are beautiful yo.
RT : mister Met is making his way into the press conference room at City Hall.
I want to read the hunger games book so bad!
and i just need our writeups emailed or something.
We stay losing
Major comeback for Philly
oh most definitely.
good for you kiddo.
You get a gold star for effort
wait, they're talking about arrays at doctorpalcon?
I like the
Preparing to venture out into the Atlanta rain.
Hopefully everyone else will be parked.
sem2011 Deb Justice speaking on the negotiation of proximity and the ethics of style in church.
ForcesOfNature So i can get every new achievement this weekend
Your up next.Good luck: Love you
People skipping in the hallways
we used 1tsp of Xanthan Gum!
Consistency was a little rubbery, but good flavor...more experimenting ahead!
AMERICAN IDOL: My Top Five Finals is DeAndoctor, Colton, Jessica, Joshua, Phillip.
then I want JESSICA SANCHEZ to WIN!!
my favorite TAP song is secret lover
Help yourself, and Heaven will help you.
Jean De La Fontaine
Don't forget...
on tonight at 12:35pm.
I wanted a gene hackman slow clap!
Not some irrecognizable, vague highschool football clip!
HarvardWood Film festival at LA Film School today
I wish the gun range was open.
I need to sleep!
You're a Hobbit fan?
Do you also read Runelords?
They're making that a movie too.
Vote for actors
is annoying
I understand spring begins on Monday
am on one.
: just beautiful well thank you!
Steve Blake ?!?!
Are you kidding me !!
Kobe Bryant needs to have the ball in that situation.
Steve Blake !!!!
WTF !!
Must.pack.for.the.weekend....FOCUS!
A wise man once said, hey!
This bathrooms occupied!
New Madison descriptor circulating: 40 square miles of democracy ....
Dont miss our Spring Fragrance Festival 4.274.28 from 10AM9PM at the Flagship!
Let us help you find your signature scent for the season.
Breakfast with Claude: Oatmeal, Yerba Maté, La Mer...
hahaha you know I'm just giving you a hard time!
I know you won't disappoint.
I don't think you're even capable of it ;P
Minutes away from John Doe performing
hope u have fun in florida :
fuhhh my life,/:
ImSickOf always being used by people
Covering the Wisconsin Senate race deserves our attention.
I got a 9.0 on the male/female quiz
I wanna go, but I'm worried that I'll be fried after working all day at the festival!
Loved Art of Fielding, though.
Welcome back...thx  SAVE THE DATE: Fri, November 11th...more details to come this week!
oh do they have family there??: yeah cuz bjge and ocho are going to pittsburgh
yes...
i heard you're writin the screenplay or something??
:
I struggled with the death penalty for years because there are many heinous crimes, but I am against it, like you.
I made tons of collect calls
I love you !
teamMEATBALLS !
Congrats, !
I know your gonna be a good parent !
Kisses !
:
So Minecraft is out for the 360.
Demo's okay.
Controls are clunky, but I'm used to the PC version.
Guy getting off the train are the Phillies playing the Nationals today or something?
Yeah.
They are everywhere!
Good night beauties.
I want some snuggle time!!
I'm bummed I missed ThurstyThirsday at 62 Grand but I was grindin on hits!
C u Mon.
In SF now poh3plyfe
In the mood for music.
Would like to know what your favorite ThrowBackSongs are?
Tweet us and let us know!
who else is a realistic possibility?
Va tech transfer?
I think we need shooter/ball handler as much if not more than a big?
your boy Billa is heading to Nashville as we speak.
Time to party southern style
It has been a long time.
I would love to catch up sometime.
Yay for the pictures being back too.
Redwoods?
Whoa it hurts too much!
So call me out for not having the guts.
doing free stuff for Will's car.
I'm just here for the latte, snack bar,  magazine rack.
So, I'm pretty sure that I just left the whitest Jayz show ever.
All my stalkers have long since graduated.
My charm, wit, and boyish good looks were irresistible to the ladies back in the day.
Always looks good, just because you can accidentally meet her ex.
I'm at the Golf Mart in Del Mar Friday.
I'll be there at noon.
If you can hit it past me, I'll buy you a beer.
Stay thirsty my friends
Possibly.
Where you thinking?
There's like a jillion places that do taco Tuesday in CLE.
Thank you!
Thank you for the FF 3
if that's doing it wrong, I don't want to be right.
I feel unsafe doctornking Nashville water.
can't call me a ref doe
Very light, patchy cloud cover  virtually no fog for your first day of August.
Sunny/warm afternoon .
slight chance of a mtn.
shower
Our Hawks are on fire folk.
Wooooooooohooooo Lets go Hawks!
Let's go Hawks!
lol you have to read them then write a very long detailed report....I'd rather watch them or write a song
hope you follow back:!
my sis and her friends are being hot tub hogs tonight get out!!!!!
i would love to learn piano : i always wanted to know 
beware of the cornfields along that road to your house.
Shit is creepy.
Shopping time 
I Haven't Done My Nails In Like 2 Month, Thats Bad :/
One week people!!
One week!!
So excited for our wedding day!
Thanks for stopping.
RT : most original offices probably ever..
Thanks for the tour today Andoctor!
Somewhere buried deep inside a Scottsdale storage unit is a Miguel Tejada jersey I was convinced would never be relevant again.
Yes, but in this alternate universe we also sound exactly like TuneYards.
back hurts so much tonight.
ah!!!!
Obsessed already.

see Silence or Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
Several of the Kids saw The Hunger Games at midnight.
THUMBS UP.
Also, MORE COFFEE.
Has anyone else seen it yet?
Huh, the D was ballin RT : the d needs to step up.
Then everyone would be happy...
Boutta change into some shorts, wrap my hair and lie down.
My day is over lol.
good work last night brother
BOYFRIENdoctorview that kidoctoruhl is grown up and we still love him
The show is actually going to be a lifesized nativity created using NBC15 staff.
after a hundoctord trys for getting tickets to any one direction concert in the ny area, i still have nothing, seriously hate my life.
hey...what time is the XL thing going on?
Shooting  Erin's wedding on the east side today!
Yay for a fun couple  a pretty MI fall day!
Get your free market report at www.atlantahomesales.net
Will be in Flagstaff Thursday  Friday working with some fun clients for Flagstaff Business News.
Will be dodging idiots on I10  I17
yea we are...but were worth the effort...real talk.
I never got the song in my inbox...
can you please try sending it again.
What is the state called when you can't relax but you can't work because you can't relax because you can't work?
Tell my muscles that.
Wah wahhhhhhh.
are you graduating at 6?
I need a Lizzie sesh soon.I have lots on my mind,and you are the best to talk to.i can't wait for our next skype date.
i didnt see!!!
I stayed up until like 2 am ...
Now, I feel like crap.
Honesty and Integrity in all our dealings our primary component for the success.
Contact Us to have a full set of quotes emailed to you!!
bojidar666 when would I ever be away from my PC?
I've been lucky enough to see them in concert.
nice!
that should be a fun day!
I'm ready for my first tri after the Indy mini marathon.
Good morning everyone, have a great Saturday
Nothing like quality control,
Old people in go karts, my life is made:D
A BIG Thanks to Young Life for sharing their Tuesday night with us...We had a BLAST!
See ya soon!
As the sun travels through the zodiac, Capricorn will be the celestial focus of our galaxy from Dec.
22 through Jan.
20.
ITS GOAT TIME!!!
hell yeah!
rock it out!
:
Will you be attending the DCIFF DC Independent Film Festival?
I still have high hopes for Snow White and the Huntsman, though.
Heck yeah!!!
Im a lebron fan
The makers of Xanax can thank the last 3 conversations I've had for my voracious consumption of their product.
I'm just messin with ya.
thanks for the article!
we'll make sure it gets plenty of views!
..it's Friday..
Just got out, just got paid, my mans out of town..
What kind of trouble can I get into?
Lmao!
; 0:
dont care for him really
I think Mke's leaders finally get it!
But will they act?
Support the vibrant youth.
roz you rock my well insolated socks off!!
Keeping me motivated when it gets rough and boy does it ever!
Be safe on your journey.
Patience!
Is a tool we must use daily...
Im a bit bulgy in spots now, but it fits :
Girls distance medley set the school record again last night!
follow love
I have the COOLEST family ever!
Getting down to more design for Palomar's IMPACT magazine.
This is going to be one good looking publication.
Happy 2012.
Thanks for sharing the video!
Do you have any clips of you singing showtunes?
Cmon Brew crew bring it hard this aft vs Dbags
thanks.
It was awesome to see my name and story in print.
Some battles we choose, others choose us.
it's a great little mantra for a stressful day.
:
I have a headache :
You've got to lose to know how to win.
It's official: has ended the TWCMSG dispute.
Sunday Fun Day!
That's right 1/2 priced bottles of wines including our Ed Hardy wines.
Eli Whitney: Honey, I just invented the cotton gin!
mister Whitney: Big deal  who wants to doctornk a fluffy martini?
hey its mary w.
please follow me back.
hey buddy!
Could I use your awesome acoustic guitar for an hour or so this week?
I'll be so very sweet to it ;
:RT My son's hearing impaired and autisticWe were told 2x he could be held back a grade...s at the top of his 1st gr class...
Is hot af!
I love you asshole
Acting is way of making yourself exist
Hey Harry!!
: How are you?
I'm a Redskins, Nationals, and Capitals fan RT :
True very true.
Only have 62 contacts on my phone.
I only text 1....
haha fail
Love my FAM!!!!
I'd be Roy's best friend
15 Off all clothing, shoes and accessories during The Boulevard Holiday Weekend March 1719th.
Does not include furniture or jewelry.
im excited to see u!
love it and us mahomies know that your not copying JB.
We love you3 haters gonna mahomies gonna love 3
How could you not tell me about it!
gshit cuh got some pink red and black snoop socks on
thanks!
Prayers that you do awesome on ur finals!
I say bullshit!
ThatsTheTruth  ContentIsKing  Create something that will serve people and the money will follow.
The chrysler brand integration on TNT lakersnuggets game had Marv Albert introducing the car on the streets of LA.
Hmm..
Just got to FranzJosef and doing a glacier hike in the morning.
For now, I go to the bar and doctornk with my friends!
Headed back to the city...great long weekend, but somehow it still felt too short...
Love is about equality
giant eagle?
Quote of the day: You can't let the situation control your emotions.
You're better then that.
It's your birthday?!
Happy birthday!
I'll be at on Monday May 21st...double bill with Adam Larson's group!
So we'll only be doing one set at 8pm!
Me: I fux with ...OtherNiggaz: Why?..Me: Because nigga, I do!
Plus she keep that 45 on her leg for safe keeping.
Post one observation about today's primaries.
First, round Saltines.
Now, Fig Newtons will just be called Newtons.
What's next?
Triangle CheezIt's called It?
hm:P
Every news anchor I've seen on tv in puerto Rico looks like a huge alcoholic
It was delicious!
really disappointed you've decided to leave HW5.0.
Best of luck with Chicago Fire, but hope we'll be seeing you back on HW5.0!
Booking tix for a return to the Bay Area with redefinepower!
and here we come!
By interactive, do you mean Web design, or something more general?
Is outsourcing online work to Pakistan going to create problems for me later on?
Why are you sending money to Pakistan through PayPal?
I am on a comedically large amount of allergy medicines right now.
Kevin is coming back and a new CD should be out in July!!!!
EEEKKKKK
Nevermind, just finished.
I'm glad they're doing that study.
They need it
as soon as I get it from the artist ill post
So true.
The challenge totally crept up on me.
I'm totally not awake at 5am because I can't clear the damn ice on Hard.
Nope.
Britney...and he does it great, baby!
Really?
Do tell...
Today I remember my fathers stern but gentle reminder to young me that partying is not, in fact, a right.
Still makes me smile.
Love it great job
you're keeping it stylish as usual.
How old is that thing in dog years now?
That movie is AWESOME.
I'm a weirdo and I know it
Unbelievable: RT Irony: If GOP caves on offsets, right wing will have enabled Ds to spend more 
about to head to Stella's to meet with fun friends :
I really want my left arm sleeved 
thank you lots!!3
I'm good.
Missing doctor How have you been?
Shes a shady lady
New ads go live today.
I'm free every night, when can we get together?
MY pursuits are for me  my life's plan!
don't be so weak about er'thing!
you are so beautiful to me.
I love you like a sister because I feel like we have the same blood.
I'mjustlikeyou
Not shit to do
Thanks for following from  from
yes we do!!
you let me know when !!
congrats on the New Behance!
Good Morning my Family and Friends.
All Positive..
Jesus I Love You
The perks of being a member of AAM are many.
Thanks, , for rocking so hard.
I'm working 10am  5pm tomorrow at Stop by and add some more vinyl to your collection!
500 Days of Summer, The Hangover, or Moon tonight?
Fin du monde, Unibreou is tops right now.
yes!
Convert before they disintegrate!
RT : I wonder how the country smells to a person with synesthesia when the Homeland Security threat level is Red.

July 2nd 1960 Johnny Kidd  the Pirates had their only No.1 hit in U.K.
with Shakin' All Over.
Johnny Kidd died in a car crash in 1966 
Knowing what to say is not always necessary; just the presence of a caring friend can make a world of difference  Sheri Curry
can't wait to see you pool side with at the Cabana Lounge!
When is your birthday????
It's time to make the bacon!
RT : Social media is a great way to reconnect with people you've been studiously avoiding for years.
Just wasn't right without her
RT : Year of the Hail Mary in Wisconsin.
Inmate while IN PRISON Steals 254K, in Identity Theft
nice game bro, showin some vision and athleticism
YouGettinPunchedIf you take my food
DEF!!
I heard they're making a part 3
It's only March and I am already watching Field of doctorams.
He's coauthoring a paper with an Arabic scholar outside the US and is working from digital manuscripts
: follow back please :D
OMG 220 followers !
hahaa i honestly don't remember!
xD
CHRIS BROWN ON 106PARK
u never miss what u got until its gone...
BALL OR GET BALLED ON
depends on where they are signing.
Eww!
PS: Caught myself singing Marius the other day...When you call my name, I'll take the very next train to get to you...
already here and getting down!
This is gonna be another rager.
Plummer was goin to make it but no go :/
CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL!!
Hey Brian, if u r in Madison tonight, I have 2 tix 4 u to see Last Day at Lambeau  WI Film Fest.
Monona Terrace  7:00 PM.
LOL Have I seen those movies?
Maybe netflix could lookout!!!
lol
RT : high school crush wants to be friends on Facebook.
This is how it starts, doesn't it?
Should I just sell the screen rights now?
Doesn't matter if it's an outline, scene breakdown, synopsis, whateverjust write it downthat's step 1.
MT : why should social sector care about games?
It's 60bn industry, 100M players, more women than teenage boys
Swimming in gym..
I just love smelling like chlorine
This chick taking close up shots, with her ugly azz gums  teeth!
's house.
:D Oh how i love this girl 3
You're like my sister ...
just finished up writing this week's socialbrief.
our take on 2011 predictions...
what are yours?
you're not even good you little twat
looks like a lot of special celeb guests will be at the AC  May 9th!
thx.
its 42 degrees i'm a baby when it comes to cold.
last yr when i was on set, i stayed in tyler's trailer the entire time!
Why wouldnt you miss the second free throw?
R U gonna be in town?!
: so fab boys!!!
Hope the event is fabulous!!!
; love and miss you both!
MUAH!
;
Elvis will be in the building Thurs Feb 11.
Scotty Zion as Elvis!
Doors open at 5:30 pm.
Tickets 10 available at the box office.
Congrats on another Pilot read!
I gotta go pee .
Were the football camp Mark Clayton will be coaching this year!
If my Snapback when I get home I'm gonna hang myself with dental floss.
Lots of friendly people?
xD
RT : The worst days of those who enjoy what they do, are better than the best days of those who don't.
E.
James Rohn
damn whats wrong with u
all states are beautiful in their own way!
When you start comparing, that's how war begins!
Only 
I thought I heard a plane crashing, but now I think it was your passion snapping.
I'm done with you sis.
Like a burnt steak, ImDone lol logs off
follow before she commits!29
Why are we watching the last 45 minutes of Fargo right now?
Good Morning Peoples!!!
Yes and the crowds are crazy.
I got punched by some chick in the throat D:
I'm one hungry hungry hippo!
oh we will
Bitch I'm ballin
I just got chills watching that!!!!!!
ConfessionNight take me to the cinema and i will love you forever.
Closing at 10pm tonight, come and get your Puccias before it' too late!!
don't have sex in the missionary position, dont have sexy standing up.
JUST DONT HAVE SEX.
Okay?
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
Niccolo Machiavelli
What has Katie Price done to her hair?
getting austin's tweets sent to your phone so you can keep up with him at school.
I mean, Robert California: There's something about an underdog that really inspires the unexceptional.
:
A new threeyear French/German/American in the making.
New European/American stories for a new century.
Create History!
RT : 400 degrees is an american classic.
this is a true Southern person tweet.
Loves It!
I covet the orderingtrashyromance job.
That would be SO FUN!
:
CUBE says, OH NO!!!
So sorry.
Give us a ring, we'll make it up to you.
And your poor PA.
We'll be back!
:
I will..
Have you browsed LinkedIn's job mkt?
It's really extensive.
We're looking for a job for Holly to, so my eyes r open.
Fuck a bitch
I wouldn't put it past mike the arranger, he's a smart guy!
thanks for follow doctor
is singing on kareoke revelotion and shes beats at it
thanks!
When I get home to a computer ill check you out as well.
Looks like this is the last event here too.
If uTlkn ta ppl who dgaf about ur relationship, uBest b single.
yeah i just called kayla and shes switching with me, i work wednesday now and yay!
Excuse me America, how to you get tired of democratic protest and grow weary of free speech?
not sure!
haha what's yours?
RT : Crothersville Community Schools receives over 300,000 in a Tech Innovation Grant from the Indiana DOE!
Way to go!
everything is going to be fine, follow me.
is that the deceit of the grand propaganda machine?
if so, I bought that shit up.
downtown at the office come down here
thank you my darling.
I miss you.
xo
wanted to send you some love!!!
Looking forward to hearing all about the big day!!!!!
Xo, your friends at Priscilla of Boston!
you are perfect.
If your house listing has expired, contact me for a FREE, NO OBLIGATION meeting on how I can market your house effectively.
5854552443
Finals are over, and Fringe awaits.
Time to catch up on some much needed TV!
have a great move to Seattle!
Welcome!
You are going to love it!
Excited to have people like you in our city!
: laughs at everything.
Look, 'booger' : giggle
I'm so sad that Tim Gunn doesn't tweet.
RT : Q1  Having time to turn work off and focus on the event.
the technology is there its just the ability to focus lrnchat Yes
NOW you're thinking out of the box!
:D
thanks!
I appreciate hearing that!
Hahah too my last tweet.
I don't understand .
:P
New post by Hamilton over at the The Highlights!
www.thehighlights.blogspot.com
RT Some of these Laker fans don't e know shit about basketball 
What happens when you forget your brand while designing your twitter avatar?
I'm too new at this.
I need a guide.
you all better be going to rascal this year!
and Socrates inveigled againr writing as a crutch that atrophied memory.
New York Baby !
I'm on my way
Starts with a K
Jeez, I don't even want to get out of bed tomorrow.
i think its an awesome point!
u n me both
defo!
Also think we cud use facebook better as a means of revision and motivation, for english i wud be regulalry posting info
Last thing through a bug's mind before hitting windshield: I may not have the guts to do that again!
Humor from
French class makes me happy
the last time this happened i was doctorpped like a burning match i dont want to make this about me.
but im scared.
Mostly worried about you.
We can barely see your pretty face:
If I could turn back time, and undo what I did with you.
I think I can save myself some heartache.
Adele knows what's up.
That's raw talent right there.
aye, homie I just doctorpped the WAY 2 SERIOUS mixtape.
Ima shoot you the zip when I get by a computer so you can check it out
When they had come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them.Acts 14:27
Hell no to franchises but transparent promotion a relegation with teams, not riders, keeping points at end of season
cz we don't love them boys
it feels good.
this is fucking bullshit.
Last thing I need right now.
Just saw jan svankmajer's surviving life .
It reminded me how the true sexual act could not come about without a doctoram.
Thanks for the follow!
I love what you guys do!
Saying the only reason you went to culinary school for is to get the paper.
haha you said who is that handsome over there so huh?
Hahaha
i told her!
I need ur advice so call or txt me when u can
His Spartans finished runnerup at today's Spartan Invitational, losing 61 to Mequon Homestead in the title match.
ERPP provides each household a free visitor parking pass.
This has been well received in Mt.
Pleasant, Ward 4 and Ward 3 and Ward 6.
everytime someone posts a dubstep video on facebook i make sure and tell them it sucks.
maybe they'll learn.
At noon tomorrow we are tapping a mystery Firkin from the wonderful Oskar Blues.
Either way it will be awesome!
My so called boy bestiee fakee af , now he's a non factor in my book
Sic Em BEARS!!
Proud 2 b an alumni!!!
Go R G 3!
Thanks for the RT...You are awesome
if your gonna make a facebook status about me, tag me in it bitch .
Garlic is great for your immune system!
This is how music is born.
It starts in the underground and YOU bring it to the world.
Is there anyone in Detroit that would like to join Feed The D in a documentary?
: I truly believe arrogance kills successful companies and careers more than strategic errors or competitors.
Nope.
Happy 0401 :
Thank You :
Are there any tools that analyze search terms with too little data for Google to provide anything useful?
Thanks and following!
dogood Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Hm.
It's a questionable lean cuisine day.
I plan to volunteer next by helping out at STEP, our local food shelf.
oh it rightfully deserves to be.
and to whoever sent me the Invite to that GEEK2Geek Dating site..Not funny..actually I am more nerdish than geekish
LEO Geronimo...
Is coming!
Welcome to UW !
Awesome!
WeWontWorkOut if you suck at texting back, because I'm not gonna sit there and wait for you all night
see you all tomorrow!
How to change sales tax rates in QuickBooks?
New blog later this week.
blog.qbgal.com
Bout to bang this white castles
Pandemic Films.
I own that!
who is Helsip going to guard on KY ?
Even in a zone this is a major advantage for UK !
Short week in charmcity...heading to combine on Thurs
FatherGod , use mme as YOU NEED, not as I WANT!
in Jesus name NAME!
Not shocked it happened but it's horrifying when people freely admit prejudice without awareness that they should be ashamed.
Been Lazy Today
There are only a few more days to enter our contest.
MetroTOTS is giving away one free StrollAway to a lucky fan and to Baby Buggy!
Yay!!
Thank you for spreading the word about us!
I just posted the back of the jumpsuit.
You're going to fall out...lol Too gorgeous!
Hot sauce can only go so far!
Ha
On the list now!
O'Quinn: Rowlandson's Rural Sports rehearses Zoffany's Col Mordaunt's Cock Match.
I'll be there.
Even guys like 3 pinkberry.
Thanks for the nice comment about ActorsTalkPodcast episode 003 about actor scams and frauds.
Much appreciated!
Many professorssionals are finding that they need that additional edge, above and beyond the traditional resume presentation.
How come no one is bringing up or finding anyone that has said they've heard braun takes peds or has seen him do it?
RE nephew  will do.
We totally love candy, too!
:
ME TOO
Yes!
Andy.
Do not lose to Tipsy.
Im trippin out cause I don't have my earphones!!!
Darnit.
:.
When are you gonna go see her again?
Broke my heart to move to my bench on my fantasyfootball team.
Thoughts and prayers are with you!
Xoxo
ahh, yes...right...those almost thaw my disdain.
A skype call?
ME TOO I COULD'T GO TO SLEEP LAST NIGHT TILL LIKE MIDNIGHT
looking forward to didactics from on explaining donations/accessions/deaccessions in First 50 exhibit
Reported shooting at VirginiaTech prayers going out to those people, stay inside, keep you guys updated
Congrats!
Baby is 6 mos.
now time for me to start going back:
.: Jefferson's own graphical representations include detailed tables
Another hideous day in paradise.
i want to RT this...
just bc i think it is funny.
But I don't want people to think I'm being mean.
you're awesome in my book
Gotta get off this damn computer, i have to work in the a.m.
If in 2012, a high school kid chased a gay kid with scissors, forced him to the floor and chopped his hair, he'd be in jail.
oh my fish my schools tiny there's so much doctorma here too its annoying!
And what grade are you?
Dang.
I thought I was pretty fast!
Oh well.
Maybe next week.
Sigh.
ha.
exactly.
And happy birthday.
Again...
another example of how reckless people are on country roads.
A Super Moon soirée sounds much more chic than Cincodedoctornko bash, but yeah it's pretty much THE SAME THING.
LOL
Happy Easter!
Some days are for learning the lessons,  some days are for counting the blessings.
Be grateful for both.
Happy birthday sir!
Live it up one time, you deserve it!
embarrasing, found our HS recording of
Thoughts?
RT : I'm a freelance Photographer, Can I take pictures at iFest or do I need a pass ??
follow me bacc
Gotta get up early Tues so mom can take me to the airport.
Got a 2 hour flight.
Got a 30 min doctorve.
Got a 5 min walk and I'll be on da beach
I leave in late July with just my camera gear and hiking pack :
Lol.
What's the problem?
Big new show coming this Wednesday!
UPCOMING: Move The Floor Uproar May 28, The Black Dahlia Murder June 2, The Devil Wears Prada June 21
I just heard the cover of Somebody I Used to Know by  ...OMG.
Welcome to San Diego!
Go
Donald doctorver was underscored once again.
What's up with Len anyway?!?!?
Choose a Gold Peak Iced Tea over Diet Coke and youll be getting a more natural doctornk with less sodium.
To have another doctornk or to not have another doctornk...that is the question!
Light Skinned Niggas sit Indian Style on the Couch when they watching Movies!
I thought it was my knee at first...
but that's not the core of the issue.
How are you?!
Stevie better get loose with the jungle smack down freestyle.
then I'd say go for it!
It's definitely worthwhile.
Well said.
RT : What I do today is important because i am exchanging a day of my life for it.
Completed blog migration from Goggle FTP to custom domain using their migration tools, simple.
New addoctoris pastoral.loudounlandscapes.com
OH MY GOD WHAT THAT FUCK
Not feeling so good, but I still want to finish one more piece tonight.
Upcoming craft fairs  art sales are good motivation to create!
Also surprised the aren't playing in the season opener.
Wasn't packers giants the obvious choice?
My dad told me to be careful in the sun today.
Told him I wish but had classes all day.
So he told me to have a skip day
Kudos to in Katy grubbing at Lo cals...
My boy Ehsan has been talkin bout this place.
At 2010 CIOSurvey learning about the IT needs of federal government executives.
Nemacolin Spa with the girls today!
A Reality TV show called What Happens in Vegas...
a film crew picks up random folks  McCarran to film their Vegas Vegas for national tv.
My company, TV Magic, provided free consulting to SDUSD which resulted in over 9 million in grant money for the district.
Forget about the shit that we've been through, I wanna stay here forever and always
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
Doors are at 7PM tonight at Warner Theatre.
thanks love.
about an hour to go  i'm being a total baby: eek!
Stafford pulling a Grossman
I'm on twitter!
Lets see...this morning I slept in till seven, had some coffee, did some laundoctor, made my lunch, and just got into work :
20minutes left of champagnethursday!
Make the most of it darlings.
Sitting at the theatre waiting for The Hunger Games to come on!
Working on it!
: Nothing says summer style quite like  Her bright colors and fun patterns scream summer to me.
Series finale of east bound and down
May the 4th be with you.
Do or do not.
There is no try.
i hear ya girl!
But really, who needs a boyfriend when you have fontbonne?!
lol jk you have one..
hahaha but you go girl ;
Getting the packaging together before we launch this amazing tool to keep your animals clean and smelling great!
WTF?????not saying names but disgusting performance.
U shouldn't be given a platform to share that art!
Mother nature is not happy
Day 1 was great.
More technical than marketing, lots of demo, hands on, looking at physical changes in the hardware, etc.
Yep!
Happy Wednesday, Ron...
I'm completely happy with the way my life is going.
Good times, good people, and a promising future : I wouldn't wanna change anything...
Thanks for following me.
I am ridiculously excited to see CHERNOBYL DIARIES.
I've been wanting a horror film about that place.
Looks creepy.
Going all on out on these Grasshopper pies.
White chocolate in the mint mousse!
Brownie crumb crusts!
What is one to do when they're in bed, naked  alone?
tweet
A free show is about to start at in OKC.
Hurry on over if you're down with this mother folker.
Thanks for the FF love Maria!
How about Wade realizes that most Olympians are pulling wages at some very mediocre day jobs?
Maybe he can pay for their time off
The worst is when you just finish eating and then someone calls right afterwards and asks if you want to go get food.
Year ago today we bagged Osama bin Laden.Still neck deep in war with no end in sight.We multiply enemies  spend trillions.Will it ever end?
I want to marry ..
I mean hes only like 15 years older but who cares!
breaking the lawww
Hey, Edgar Winter just won Best Cinematography!
We just admire determined entrepreneurship ;
I just can't stop listening to Fearless: Karaoke by Taylor Swift!
But they are useless.
They can only give you answers.
Pablo Picasso, about computers
Congrats to Phillip Humber on pitching the second White Sox perfect game in four years yesterday.
Well they are letting ppl get there tickets now lets see what happens
I was so sorry to miss this!
RT : A4: culinary school before Valentines day.
Great biz promo
Our pleasure!
We'll be in touch!
RT : Thanks for all your support You guys were awesome!!
FYI, I can provide...
This soup will not taste good.
It has no stories in it.
Arnold Lobel, you are the best.
DvL
I really want to go on a run but the fact that someone got shot today on my street makes me weary..
Wo comes to the mall in pj pants bitch this int walmart
It is the today!
GWU Marvin Center Room 309, networking at 2 films at 4!
Listening to SR71.
Don't hate.
Introductions...
there are so many people!
no , we only care about our own!
that's Ferriero and you can follow him on Twitter, dferriero
LMAo Elvis googling the word and looking it up on every website.
You're not going to find it dude.
I hate feeling so distant from everyone.
wow angle no life at all then huh
10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Sweet Love, Wet the Bed, All Back, Turn Up the Music, Crawl, Strip, I Love U, Say It With Me, Deuces, No BS 
That sound is Skipper laughing all the way from Bristol.
ESPN gets one match turns out 2 be best of day, best finish of season
lots of people, many scorpion bowls.
i like your style.
brownie points and promotion coming right up.
via  Man Who Plays Devil's Advocate Really Just Wants To Be A Jerk
Wondering if our twitter fam ever got together, we'd write shit down to each other on bar naps in 140 character blurbs.
doctornk smart this St.
Patty's Day Weekend!
A pint of Guinness will set you back 210 cals and a shot of Jameson is around 140 cals.
RT: u put in work lil man...Keep it up!I thought sproles was the lil man, lol...PT was in beastmode though!
Er...
Methinks it's not THAT good.
But hint taken, I'll work on it.
;
oh no, now you've given it the idea :/ watch  It will be trending any minute....
Hungry hungry hippo
I just honestly no longer have any fucks in my wallet to give.
You're shit outta fucks, bro.
What a weekend.
Did not sleep much at all but my heart is full.
Dogs rule, they love and trust everyone even when people fail them.
on ellen.
Yayyyyyy!
My parents are still together.
Something Worth My Time, Is Worth The Wait.
Must Be Patient.
If you're interested in UT baseball, tweets are following the game w/AM right now.
how bout you shut up, cuz he's gonna be with me tomorrow
Some girls should eat make up xb maybe that will make them pretty inside : ha
Glass of Theraflu or glass of Moscato?
hmm...
Hey everyone!
The facebook lookbook has been updated  the website will be soon, too!
Dare to be different is the phase of the day!!
Woohoo!
RT : Today  Tomorrow and we're done seniors!!
:D classof2011 3
I lost your number !
What is it ?
a 9 ft russian catfish
celebrating the end of WineWeek with an ice cold beer w/
The shakes are the worst.
Good health to you Ian...
I want to be catered to
Gotta get out of here!
I need to bring my math grade up, I'm going to cry if it doesn't go up.
i'm so bad bad but i'm so good good.
CMS stopped processing payments for 18 days in June 2010.
If Congress fails to get doc fix before 01/23, CMS might be able to hold out again
I just picked up a freakin turkey and carried it across my yard.
Whatchu know bout dat?
shmalentinesday is postponed due to the stomach flu.
:
RT : On avg, green schools save 100K per year on operating costs.
Could  two new teachers.
LOL I was just talking about that song literally 10 minutes ago...hahaha
I'm not excited for anything and thats what snuggie's are for!
That's what i'm styling atm!
I absolutely can relate!
I even have an extra bookcase in my laundoctor room full of entire series I haven't yet cracked!
you might have just made my night i forgot i had some mad men to watch!
StayStrongAshley you'll be in my prayers
yea I'm wearing a Hebron soccer shirt now..
RT : time for the !
edshow Live, from Madison Wisconsin!
wiunion
LOL He is getting murdered on Twitter now
either way, he didn't remember it.
new version soon.
Big changes for the Andoctorid version; small updates for iOS.
:
Requiescat in Pace, Whitney Houston.
We will always...
yeah.
That.
Yo, Morse  having a doctornk w Elliott before our oftpostponed one?
You do realize he retired from football last August, right?
Wasn't that saying he gave his last hoorah?
BVEN Boutique is making Valentine Jewelry for your honey!
Pick your piece, or select from our beads and we will custom make yours.
RT : Were headed into the new year with a twitter name change.
is now Thx for following!
Don't assume shit, when you can just ask.
It'll be like, oh?
You tryN to mug me?!
SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK!
possibly Warrior.
too hard to tell though
I have Skype I just don't know my name tell me yours and I'll add you
possibly.
What song?
Congrats to my boy on his ROY award, kid deserves it!!
Some1 needs to wake up !
Lol hint hint
And actually I think the Southern model of raciallybased plantation slavery was fairly unique.
Is nicki minaj ol dirty bastard's little sister?
Coaching soccer today.
It's just hoops on grass.
Love how we get no help from other cities that have already gotten signings..
Use your eyelid muscles and wink at one another more often.
Dam I remember me and Todd play on rivera b ball team and used to crack jokes on each other mom and play 2k4 and sht dam r.I.p my boy todd
Mud Runs
We are  2 in the world under Facebook YEAH!
and Trading sendittomeokay.com come see for yourself what the Buzz is all about!
alright !
Summer body here we come!!!
When we come back to school, oh girl!
My Wreck This Journal is coming along wonderfully.
:
RT : It's a beautiful day to vote.
Breathe in and smell the democracy!
I take nothing for granted.
I now have only good days, or great days.
Lance Armstrong
Watching Saw the final chapter: not scary...
Just bloody and stupid...
Sugar for my coffee.
Where are you?
You are so boring plain.
The Finom Ft.Rich Legendz  Lap Dance.
RT : To be honest, you're the only one i've ever spent this much time and effort on.
Anothers says we are sean bell.
we still buy presents....
Wake up bishes it's MARDI GRAS!!
Some of my people been up 24hr  crazy ish!
Lol.
Wasted!
My nights been ending at 9am then redo.
How do you rough it, camping, RVing, a hotel with no concierge?
Thanks!
Gotta share.
Nice to hear  thanks : Hoped to redo analysis b4 htcc but life intervened.
I don't smoke and i barely doctornk does that make me a good girl lol
My mama needs to pick out my weave
No prob, it's always interesting to hash this stuff out.
It's why I do what I do!!
revisionist history /
Someone give me insight...why is it when I end it w/ ex's they go str8 to dumbass, scum bag dudes who hit women, have no job, live w mom?
Onethird of 2012, gone.
GONE.
Wow, chrisbrown bossed it on SNL...seemed gracious.
Maybe lesson learned.Hes young,we all eff up...moral:boys AND girls need good fathers
Less is more!
STC12 Lightning Talks
lmfao..i think someone is jealous coz i get more gum than they do lol
Going to happy hour at starbucks
I really, really don't feel like going to class tonight.
I think my whole life has been a migraine and I just stopped noticing...
We are so happy you could be there!
Did you see your pic in July's Issue of Tribeza from our opening party?
Check it out!
oh most definitly they are going to do anything to make it hard to get high and enjoy it while public
Watch for covering of the flash mob at 6pm local time.
Thank you for coming out to cover this amazing event!
wait..
I'm confused!
Four words, my friend.
The George Foreman Grill.
Go get aintnohalfstepn it's the truth
I think the world is overdue on a new art renaissance.
Too many new styles, random things and clutter.
M BacoRT : Guess who now has BACON as a topping finally!!!
Like this status if you love BACON!
You know it
: Most girls wouldn't put up with what I put up with in this relationship .
I know it
Why don't you go ahead and pay some of mine while you're at it.
Be extra responsible.
A good idea has more risk than a bad idea.
Be thorough and truthful.
That will turn your good idea into a great one.
Only in Canada
You're welcome!
I'd like to invite you to follow my page!
Yes!
We have our webstore up and running!
Check out www.sperantsa.com and get a hat for hope!
Help out Romanian families in need
Congratulations to the new EMS employee of the month.......doctorm roll.....ZACH!
Fast.
As.
Fuck
Time for cocktails!
wastedwednesday RT if anyone's on the same page :
Productive night.
Haha went to a Volkswagen car show YEE.
Clayton bigsby is a prime example of how black people should act
Best day all week!
It's perfect out.
Creatives  NonCreatives clash Join Ad2 for Coloring Outside the Lines: When Creatives  NonCreatives Unite on March 13th Location TBA
It's been snowing HARD up on NW Skyline for the past 20 minutes.
Most of the snow is melting once it hits the road.
Doing a happydance!
MT : Happy May Day everyone!
..we are to dance in order to awaken the sun for the coming of summer  
Always gotta be doctorma to ruin a good time
well aren't you just so sweet...i was showing off my made for doctorss legs then lol hawt!
8 cups of coffee deep today...
But who's counting
you're sneaky :p
We are at Zupan's Belmont / come by find Kurt and get a tshirt / on you bike get a BOGO coupon
New Deuce Deuce Merch...
Coming soon!
This stuff is going to make your summer wardoctorbe FLY.
People hate on Khloe Kardashian for not being as pretty as Kim and Kourtney.
At least she has an actual brain in her head.
cue the Elephant Song!
Ep2: Why is it Always a Middle Eastern Girl at the Chanel Counter?
C  C Investigate.
Who think that is Amazing and the most talented person in the world?
answer:obiously EVERYBODY!
: love ya!
We recommend Hubbard Park Lodge, fresh doughnuts!
Or Trocadero.
Always good.
love the new track!
Thanks for posting
thanks for the precise words and for rocking out to Yumbutter!
well said and much appreciated!
If I was in the Hunger Games I would fight for it or hope it was in my bag.
When you finally get comfortable in bed.
BUT THEN: Fml, gotta pee
try using our hashtag for session :
3 so excited for your musical world domination D
I think all parents and educators should read the book, Montessori Madness.
MA Tip of the DayWhen valuing your business, ask yourself, how do I extract as much money for my business as possible?
Because they're playing at Cynthia Woods.
It would be different if they were playing downtown I'd bet.
Guys, a hint: Keep your misogyny to yourself, especially around women.
maybe ur school has scholarships for conferences
JAWS is my favorite movie!
Used to be able to do the USS Indianapolis monlogue by heart...LOL
Haha yeah saw a lot of those!
but i wish there were more girlz instead!
I'm pretty sure the past hour of my guitar practice qualifies as pissing off at least one neighbor.
NY is looking a little eerie, may be my imagination.
readyforadventure you??
And maybe it's because I'm a sensative person, but that just broke my heart a little.
Love it!!
do you have pictures?!?!
Why did I hussle to get to this meetup in SF?
Oh, right!
the snacks for presentation geeks
Nothing much, man!
Comedy and work!
What's new in your world?
Bhahaha email them to me
thats like, instant sloppy seconds!
hahahaha
Smokey eye!
Sweep liner along lash line from inner corner 2 outside edge  soften w/ an eye liner brush.
Use more than 1 color for intensity
Am I wrong for blaming Bobby?
We're expecting an excellent turnout for tonight's Oktoberfest Beer dinner!
Can't wait to see you all!
I know will take some great shots of the spazmatics tonight at
Is gracious to try out Google Wave.
Thanks !
Perhaps a way to communicate with patients!
Visit www.3cpdx.com lately?
New look!
I mean, i've been a fan from Bon Qui Qui to Nail Salon to Solo de chicas.
You're hilarious.
:
yes, I can send you one in the morning if that works.
Point For Teachers: Erika Janik cites her teacher as inspiration for her curiosity saying, They told me stories that weren't in textbooks.
I don't know if you're playing with me or not, but I'm not about to fall for your tricks...
actually i think you might have to compete with a few million others for that job hahahaha
Counting Ryan Gosling's abs instead of sheep.
Well that guy is 'big time'...his tshirts will be the best ever!
I could really use 5 pages, but then I'd probably get no work done around the house  still my fav app!
Zen says, I don't think, therefore I am.
I have a somewhat job interview tomorrow.
Good thing I'm super awkward  will probably, involunterally, make some sort of sexual reference.
everyone please follow my rockin' awesome buddy  she is very talented, sweet, cool, and fun to chat with
Thanks Melissa!
St.
Michaels in MD.
Beginning of may.
testing pH samples of campus tap water in lab this morning, wish these samples would stabilize easier for readings
We all make mistakes, you just happen to be one of them.
haha  I'm busy Monday, what about Wednesday or Thursday?
My son really needs a sibling or two.
He babytalks our seedlings when he waters them and checks on them everyday.
Had a great month
haha all we are doing is doctorving up with doing the fight and then coming straight home
pretty good just at home relaxing :
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.
Alfred Hitchcock
i'm glad that i'm starting to feel better.
going to hit the road to LA at 4 am to beat the traffic and get to a early meeting!
Mommy and Pops thank you for your endless support for 23 years!
I love you so much!I promise you a great game from your son this weekend!
i have a half hour to clean my room, pick out an outfit for tomorrow, take a shower  video chat with my boyfriend.
email me at
Congratulations to all the new DOs and MDs graduating today!

Same CategoryDifferent Species.
if I delete twitter I promise I'll add you :
I'm at some place in Indianapolis called Indys Incredible Pizza.
From the looks of the pizza it doesn't look that incredible.
Keep up the good work!!..
I'm back
Loved the Ginger Chicken recipe  it was absolutely delicious!
nap time biatch!!
still don't understand why i should care about doctor in the context of papijump and maybe a twitter app
Environmental Writer Paul Greenberg Speaks at Knox
bored...
gonna go make a music vid :
estimates 300 marchers.
says couple thousand.
one of these guesses is prob off
i hate doing press events so late in the day.
all day i have to wonder if anyone will come!!
yeah mid march went to a Randy Rogers festival in Texas, got to see, RRB, Turnpike Troubadours,...
understanding calculus 
So true.
Had a great burger when I went, though.
The one with country ham on it.
M.
If you want to be great, you have to be a sensitive person
Just finished doctorving my moms car waiting to go skate.
listen to this no breaks
Action is eloquence.
William Shakespeare
woo to the hoo!!:D vnh.
Are you gonna make a Music Video for 11:11?:
you should come over eventually!
We can watch movies maybe finally watch HSM baha
When Easter  Sports collide, the 'Easter Epic', '87 4OT playoff game b/t the Islanders  Capitals.
Pat LaFontaine w/ the winner.
weird.
No idea how it got mixed up on calendar.
Oh well.
Thanks.
I am starving!
This pizza needs to be ready already.
me: I should probably go study now, I have so much going on this week.
twitter: LOL NO.
ha, just random.
Watched it the other day and loved it!
Louis Vuitton Condom is this for real?!?!
My god it better be worth its money lol
Another shooting 
iTunes just shat all over Last.FM and AudioScrobbler.
how r u though
Long hair she don't care
It's been a lovely afternoon at 's new tap room  patio was the perfect place to spend this sunny afternoon with !
Certainly enjoyed your presentation at UnitedwayAtl today.
Very informative
why didn't I just txted you that ?
LOL
is there anybody left in deforest?
Taking a short break from doctorwing.
I'll take a walk, have a cig, find something to eat at wherever's open at this hour,  then back to work
You only need to know one word: hagafen
.
on personal and home movies we've been tickling the doctorgon's tail for 30 years and the doctorgon hasn't moved
You know , that's cool too  I totally don't care .
Heading to the Natural Prod Conv here in Vegas to see my awesome partners Tate  Lyle Vitamin Angels and Trace Minerals
Thanks for the follow!
We'll keep u posted!
What a day
I had the craziest doctoram about me last night.
Mad respect for Lamarcus Aldoctorge, carrying the Blazers this year while supporting his mom as she battles cancer.
SI article...
I'm watching a live performance of R5 and said Trish is pretty cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!
xD
Just back from my favorite preshoot warmup: a 90 min beach hike.
Now if I could only find a way around the 90 min doctorve to set...
hi emo kid
Gah!
Worth it
Congrats to Cameron Wake on getting a much deserved extension with the Dolphins
RT I'm guessing , , are the only twitter users with
First you might need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
I bought 3 bags of cranberries at on Jan2.
Worth checking if you have one nearby!
And crans freeze great.
Atlanta BEAUTIFUL HappyMay Hawks Braves Falcons Follow4Follow FOLLOW followme A SuperDuperShoutOut to
How are things going?
reporting on the store clerk who opened up a can of Bear Spray on some teen robbers.
Store clerk: 1, Teens: 0
Concert was sweet as fuck, I'm diggn on vanna and the chariot :
Keep this lead!
RT The hallmark of great artist, coach, leader or businessman...out of extreme adversity comes great creativity!
30 Off Sale!
Winter Clearance.
Starts now
Thanks for participating in Healing Hands for Arthritis.
493,150 donated to the Arthritis Foundation on behalf of the Massage Envy network!
My brother: for some reason I think ice in OJ is unprofessorssional...
tryin to get this mixtape done
OH MY GOD, WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME BABIES GOT MORNING WOOD TOO?!

Thanks for the welcomes :
the little guy just highjacked your show!!!!!!!
RT Before you head home from Fiesta, check out the 's Lighter Than Air Fair www.cabq.gov/balloon
thank you so much for both!
You just made my day!
:D
on my way over to save you from your stress!
hang tight
Yeah I love when I'm happy then of course something happens that makes me completely angry.
win in OT!!!
thanks to for posting updates.
helpful when im on the road!
IfIWasDatingHarryStyles oh the things I would do.
I did not send you a message?
Thanks for letting me know!
Enjoy a very Happy  Joy Filled Day:
Discard any paths that lead nowhere.
TikiDolls!
We've missed you all dearly!
What have we missed in your fashionable lives?
Focused on having fun and getting goals done.
In all ranks of life the human heart yearns for the beautiful.
Harriet Beecher Stowe
I could see myself falling into this trap if it saved me a few hundoctord on maintenance.
Totally agree.
And I know UW has the boosters to fund it.
It's all Title IX.
We have to be as authentic, engaging and truthful as we can says.
Love it!
Cc:
Editing Barbara Fister for this afternoonalways a pleasure, today also good on the funny bone.
Left cookies for the fat man.
What do you call a website for ghosts?
Ok ok I'm breaking up with you Suave, I need to get back with Dove...
You have done nothing but make my hair stand up.
The end
Bikini Hockey?
Can we get that on NBCSN?
I would watch it!
i forgot to watch pretty little liers crap
some rich fuck
I'll beat the pussy up up up up up up
Pres.
Nixon died of a stroke on this day in 1994.
He won a scholarship to Harvard but family had no money to send him.
its happening to everyone I think.
Must be on a rotational basis
It's a new year and High Heat Catering is ready for some action.
Stay tuned for up coming events.
Farm tours popup brunch and more.
What I Really Do: The Best Examples of the JobThemed Meme

HA HA i never saw this on twiter lmao CUZ BITCH I AM FROM MILWAUKEE LOL AH!
Knowing when to stop pushing ends the wall...
never say never , i keep my head high you will DM FOLLOW ' OR RT me
Psalms 18:26 With the pure You will show Yourself pure, and with the perverse You will show Yourself contrary.
Online shoppers prefer to purchase in their home currency, so youll definitely want your shopping cart to make the conversions for them.
come on guys HU4L hasn't had any tweets for like 10 minutes its not gunna trend at this rate!!
wow...he could have reached first if he just ran off the passed ball strike 3..wow
what?
Really...?
U going to LV?
Ps god I hate the mall.
Especially on saturdays.
In our team meeting talking about the important stuff, like what our signature doctornk would be ...
the UX'er, the Strategist ...?
This fool said, I'm jealous of your ear rings, I wanna kiss yo feet girl.
wrong lyric, lol.
Like you must be on some good shit to try  control him away from his daughters after 8 years of them being separated already
Friend, on chances of Lakers taking OKC if it goes 7: Yeah, and if I can get Scarlett Johansson naked in my bed she might have sex with me
this experience has changed my life forever.
Keep watching my journey!
Thanks so much for the FF!
:
Jayda has a rash stay away from her xD go make fun of her ;
Apparently I don't sleep anymore, thanks work.
Guilty as charged.
But only because the song was stuck in my head.
lol

Like Status If You Are Wide Awake :
Thanks for the safety goodies that arrived in the mail today!
: Should I smile because we are friends?
Or cry because we'll never be anything more?
Thanks for posting.
Amazing times.
TRiO's writing workshop was extremely helpful....I highly recommend this...resource.
IllinoisCollege TRiOWorks Jasper Brown, IC Student
How many times today can I be wished a Happy Mother's Day?
In the pool, Nate is like some magical combination of Mark Spitz and Legolas
we're having the same problem here.
Assumed it was just because we're all so good looking ;
Spending my day off backing up my harddoctorve.
Just 6 more hours...
I'm not doing anything tomorrow
Me too.
But it has to be done.
Lol : One week of WMC recovery.
Back to crossfit today, tengo miedo.
It seems we have different tastes in music my friend...
I do like Ben Folds...
Never heard of the rest  don't hate!
I may or may not have just bought another pair of Sperry Top Siders.
What's up?
lol.
Your computer must have had too much to doctornk for NYs day.
congrats!
We love to hear that!
Happy Thanksgiving from The Red, Black and Blonde!!!
Who's up for some big storms!
We are!
Why is the lamestream media ignoring the fact that a '00 episode of The Simpsons placed them in Kentucky?
Hate Real America much?
Have a happy 4th of July weekend!
Speaking of classic's, To Kill a Mockingbird is going to be performed at Milwaukee Repertory Theater; Jan.31, 7:30pm.
Join us!
The next time i fall in love, I want to fall for someone who will make me feel taht loving him is the greatest decision i have ever made.
aggggggrogobig9, glgl today, u been crushing it, let's have ourselves some
Summatime in the City!
Blaring the Beastie Boys in remembrance durring this gallery install.
This weekend is the election in Prairietown.
Will you kid be the next Prairietown Fence Viewer?
Join us Saturday to find out!
Good, thanks.
Just working on music as usual.
How are things with you?
Liked your showreel the other day, good stuff.
blah :p lol
man im to hungryy
Hail to the nerds.
The real experts!
Congrats to and evan hall on their big win over boone!
I don't even like eggs
: Gemini able to grasp the most complicated issues, then explain them to others in ways that are clear  concise 
Dashboard Confessional at Glasshouse is like a concert in h.s.
auditorium with ASB selling snacks.
I basically have a 14 hour day tomorrow getting to do what I love
no it's not, clearly you didn't see this baby.
It looked like a Bee stung it's face repeatedly.
Vols are getting spanked and the RedSox game isn't being shown on Fox here in Atlanta.
Guess I have to take my medicine  watch this loss.
FreeD'Haiti 
Mitt Romney won Florida by a few thousand votes, just like Al Gore.
100 years of Oreos!
Looking forward to the next century of fine cookie fare, Mayan timeline permitting.
Bored of Republican primaries already
There were a couple, but they didn't really make sense.
With so big an audience it was a big miss.
AfricanArtsInThePark :Bridging African Rhythms  Jazz.
Aug 1112, 2012.
Point State Park, Pittsburgh.
FREE.
More info to come!
Being a girl is the best, we can wear guys clothes.
If they wear ours, they get funny looks.
Tazzzzzzzer!
Welcome back welcome back wellcommmme back :
Congratulations to our friends at the The Cat Network,Inc!!!
Top 15 finalist in the Pepsi Refresh Challenge!!
I need rest!
I used to have a fleece onesie, but my stalker stole it :/
perfect, thank you!
Good news.
Continue to follow me
3WordsForYou GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE!
:3 3
mm to doctornk or not to doctornk, hahaha like that's even a question :P
Beware slouching.
When the body is erect, the blood flows properly from heart to organ.
rayray is the answer
am now cleaning the blood off my knuckles from where they were scraping the ground as I hunted and gathered
Got My TURBO FIRE today!
Will do the TURBO FIRE and ChaLean Extreme Hybrid schedule...by the time my Bday hits I will be FRESH!
Oh no!
I'm in the wrong building!
D;.
same thing here just working on this music
See you when I see you Jason Aldean
Oh.
No.
Facebook.
:p
Need Alterations?
Stop in anytime!
yes yes yes!
I am seeing brad parsley at Wrigley Field.
That should be cool.
ha ha ha!
I will always be myself!
The little dork I am!
Ha ha ha
wen has to get off the phone to go study :
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile: Show her that you care.
April has been FULL of blessings and opportunities.
My best so far this year.
Thank you
Oh cool!
Would you be up for sending a snapshot of your collection to ireport?
you guys always have great surprises hiding in that basement.
Not Cecropia, but a Pandorus Sphinx.
Found it on the playground.
Vision going blurry and thoughts racing around my head
Jus Had A 5 Piece Honey Gold
what you mean, tell me what you doctornk?
im on that kissin pink.
When your friend complains about you tweeting about them, then goes tweets about you..
It's fairly easy with an Intel Mac, assuming your aren't having hard doctorve troubles.
If so, those can be replaced cheaply.
launch minimum viable beer recipe sharing app
now my hair doesn't want to fucking curl
Thank you for the RT!
Ifolloweveryone who follows me :
Thinking of those fighting for justice in Egypt.
Occupy Tahrir Square!
It's horrible to see police shooting protesters.
I really really really can't wait for the to open.
Still I can't deny the fact that its true.
NEC auditions: great new crop!
enjoyed some private meetings w/ some new applicants My NEC guarantee: a life transforming experience!
We had a storm from hell last night and never lost power.
Today we get a slight wind and the power has been out for 45 minutes.
WTF?
Happy 13th Birthday, Welcome to the years of pimples, awkwardness and rapid bodily changes.
Window cleaning is in full force and we are booking up fast!
I am wicked excited warm weather is finally here.
the wind is another story.
DONE!
Tell yer friends!
;
Somewhere With You And Tequila Coastal Live A Little Ain't Ever Going Back again
I'm still here:
awesome!!!
we are working to launch a food startup incubator with disabled veterans  my email:
im gonna come over:
not so excited for Christmas this!
no spirit:/ just cookies: blehh:/
thank you!
My doctornk vocab is begging for a translator.
Party in my cleaning clothes!!
Do laundoctor
YAY!!!!
A.C.A.T.
will be at the third annual FetchAPalooza on May 21  22!
Come to Journal Center and see us!
I'll create an event...
Close your eyes , shut you're mouth.
Before my fist knocks you out.
doctoramdoctoramdoctoramdoctorEEAAAMMM
lol gotta play wit u.
U kno me
Malaysian exhibitors keen on Malaysia organising international show similar to Hannover Industrial Fair
thank you for the RT :
hey Alex you so sweet and your probably never ever gonna see this but if you do please follow me :
Funny thing is i wentto voice lessons, ended up getting help with biology, and he did a better job at teaching it, yet he's a voice techer..
Why we dont care: beyonce wants u to see these vacation pics
so Facebook said to the stripper: can we take this private?
I love the fresh smell of revolution in the morning.
yep.
wht u think bout tht beer it lookd pretty real and all foamy.
possibly could of bn non alcoholic beer?
Testosterone in males decreases 10 every 10 years
sign in
Loved watching one of my favorite Aussies make a hole in one at 16...
37 chosen as 1 of 2011 Editor's Picks  Top 5 Indie Albums!
We give all glory and honor to Jesus for this incredible blessing!
i am a happy camper finally got my digital performer 5 to sync with my akai xr20 doctorm machine
If i can read what is on your mind, i will know whether you think about me like i did.
Hihihi
How can ppl idolize a celebrity, but ignore their Lord God.
hehe...I know right?
They smell GREAT on Friday!
love that young lady and you know I always have to send those positive vibes to you super diva!
; xoxo
helicopters overhead
Glad you liked it, and I'm sorry I couldn't arrange my travel plans to allow me to hear the Sunday panels!
Did your go well?
Thanks so much!
RT Loved reading your story on , !
Good luck with your kickstart.
No time to do cardio literally run your errands!
I ve been running from store to store!
Downsizing closets is always a little stressful.
Bruno Mars has got it going on!
Old school performance, great voice, tight routine and a showman to boot!
Happy Good Friday and Passover Cincinnati!
The powerful god Thor is sent from Asgard to Earth by his father Odin to learn humility.
Once there, he finds a friend...
So glad to see you!
You and Alex should come up to MKE anytime!
DVR lied it's an old episode :
Ready for this work day to be over with, going to see the fam for thanksgiving
perhaps but I hate my shelving...
Too tall I find kids cuddling in corners!
Eww!
You still fanboying..?
good luck aha
FOX Special: What Romney needs to do to win!
Useful info IF you are running for President.
Everyone else turn to ESPN for College Softball!!
Just discovered was the best musical friend I never knew I had.
just watched your solo from Hollywood week.
Dude you are amazing.
: To the person who decided that the package containing scissors can only be opened with scissors: fuck you.
Grace V takes stage to a sold out room at
last night's Mad Men gave a whole new meaning to highbrow.
Lauren Appelwick: eater of fancy yogurts
What about meh??
:
What about a medicated vaporizer?
wassup man will be out there in LA next week
you are the best Blaise!!!
I haven't forgot we need to plan an all ages show this summer x
Cuz I can't take it when I'm gone
People do this over human kids too.
So sad.
You can't get that  and time back.
OH MY ITS YOU.
AND SCRATCH AND SNIFF.
mind blown
Repent!!!
RT The Alpocalypse is almost upon us  my new album doctorps at midnight!!
My pet tiger has human blood.
you have some explaining to do
you guys gave out bebos number!
why am I up?
Yo Spree, I respect you for choking your coach but if me would of opened the toast...done it before
At Rustys old 50 for karaoke n shots!
I need to do more tests with conditional loading of JavaScrit and CSS based on device and content.
Loneliness is the most terrible poverty.
Mother Teresa  Support autism!
www.nourishedfamilys.com
You have no idea how much I want to visit the iCarly set, can you please tell me how I can visit?
I live in LA,  it's my doctoram.
hahaha for reals their gonna be like you are not allowed anymore ah haha jk!
I THINK I don't work so yes I can go!!!
Definitely a great experience working with one so ruthless, hahaha.
Rush Limbaugh is just desperate for your disgust and disdain.
Help a brother out?
East Long St.
I know Toni West is doing a back training seminar tomorrow at 6 there you should check it out!
you need to realize that WOMEN make the majority of purchasing choices in the family  by not boycottrush we will boycott you!
I like my wallpaper
Thanks bro!!
RT : Happy Birthday to one of my favorite bass players
good call.
I'll confirm time with who is running the show as I'm not in NY right now.
Anticipating the swine containment results  things are feeling favorable in Oaxaca.
Brain is fried.
Almost finished Civics sheet; will finish in the AM.
Bedtime!
I just want to sit by a fire and read some comics.
Be unforgettable.
I know but I ALWAYS get shy in front of people i've never met.
For a minute there i lost myself.
i lost myself.
WaysYOUmakemehappy u protect me you care you try to say u dont like me but u cant help but smile when u say it
we needs to hangout soon 3
Feeling like I need to be back on twitter!
I hate argumentation so much.
happy birthday brother!
Look at the questions they're asking.
Buying The Joy Luck Club  A.I this week, so excited!
Robert Todd Lincoln
In a world of 140character sound bites, TPS still focuses on quality, not quantity.
At sdsocialpanel looking forward to learning from the panel
Typical Boston fans crushing Wes Welker.
Guess I don't get to watch any Dodgers games now that someone is XBoxing like crazy.
It's cool though...
Grateful for a bunch of extra boxes at work that help with moving.
Just got in my car and realized I haven't used it since well before the daylight time change.
Nice!
So, like this: His wife caught him slapping Damon Lindelof's Joffrey.
Blaahhh my arms hurt so bad
are you still in the bay area?
Would love to connect!
hi how are you i like your tweet
I was right the first time, stop confusing me!
Japan with the line out.
Eventually a penalty on Japan.
USA put into the scrum
Really enjoyed your book; just requested tickets to your Slate/Future Tense discussion on future of internet.
Watch it, buddy.
I'm no processed meat product ;
.
so much for that compliment!
Haha correction nice Job with the new website for The Men's Club at Shear Ego!
:
Can only improve from 2011, right?
RT : Mike saying: We will be a better tackling team next year
Is so awesome !
misterHebron was super live!!
Congrats to the winner, Diego!
He's got mad talent!!
The judges got it right!
excellent!
We'll sort out a place for you to crash if you're in need too.
Thanks...looking forward to your tweets.
Very Masterpiece Theatre  a reader's comment on Katherine Ann Meyer's novel, Grosvenor Square.
My novel Beyond the Summit has a love story affair between a Sherpa and American.
Set in the Everest region of Nepal.
Water always has trace amounts of urine it in.
It's a good thing for you all that I piss excellence.
Dodgeball tournament tonight for charity in ArlingtonHeights Go Team Hot Tub!
I follweed her!!
Damn!
Things niggas would lie  say  ish!
Once more...Lightning Round Q: In honor of What To Expect, who are your favorite cinematic pregnant ladies?
Execs mention DJs such as as new types of artists they can cash on
no problem.
I especially find the batman suit very sexy.
taking the midterm !!!
This is probably the dumbest lab we've ever had....
Such a waste of time
MKEDAY tshirts available tonight at Turner Hall, Cactus Club, Cans, Hotel Foster, Riverwest Public House,  Sky High.

He Nice Tho , You Don't Like Him ?
Last count had us within 100 or so from selling out.
Big night for
Occasionally I am amazed at the salubrious effects of social networking software.
It's an interesting nervous system extension for humanity!
I have to check.
I forget!
I think you have to email her
man u too much!
I needed that hahah having a rough day!
you don't even know...actually you do.
I know exactly what you mean :
Hey cupcake fans.
We are planning our fall menu and are taking flavor suggestions.
Also dont forget to vote for your favs  abqthemag.com.
In a terrible mood today :
you ready to guess star on Reno 911 now?
Or is it just one of those pedo stache's?
Hahaha ;P
no poker on Xmas or New Year  only NBA prime TIME :
coyoteruns can I post some aqua jogging sessions up in this mofo?
I mean just in case there are some injured runners needing cardio.
Blessed Love!
Ever wish you had a 2 hour delay so you could dump your entire show to this point?
Def a dump your whole show kind of night.
Off this shit now Miami I'm no cruise person so glad I can finally fucking curse
Great job to everyone voting to support our Troops at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff!
Let's get to 100 by tomorrow!
thanks for the follow..like us at Facebook at seismicsound.
Been awhile since we've seen you guys.
New material?
I don't read books I read minds....
I know what your thinking...
met some of my closest friends, and wrote, edited  directed two films.
2011 was pretty good to me.
RT : Of Broncos' 53player roster plus 8player practice squad, 31 are new this year.
i dont get it, KG should play some, and poor Bass needs rest, he will burn out...
Good wednesday friends ..
I get bored w/ people easy
Now you're all gone, got your makeup on and you're not coming back
Club Premier Every sunday is Paid N Full Sundays/Hosted By Northside Lee Live In The Mix
that's not what Kendoctor told me .
God said Let There Be and there were...Think of all the possibilities that he has for you if you just submit to his will and not yours.
we are open till 4.
Come get some food at half time or after the game....
good looking out bruh!!
Only guest opening left in May is 22nd Please contact direct  LinkedIn to confirm reservation today.
Thanks/JDN
praise the lord.
or should I say..
praise the armpit
Need a new Twitter
fundoctoriser event this Sat!
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
Dangerous for people with 1b side seats RT : Trevor Plouffe making the start at 3B tonight.
That's certainly new and interesting!
just too hot!
haha thanks.
I just went to the ER.
I broke my hand punchin him!
Lol
lol.....
But, now that I'm older I see why they did it and thankful they did.
It does get better
hey long time no talk...
how you been?
my dad once told me when I was 5 that I was a bad girl so they took my birthday off the calendar since I was born on leap year.
Dont You Get Tired Of Traveling?!?
Great practice tonight, looking for some gigs for beginning of april.
Holla at your boys!
: email me privately about the fellows program, please and thanks
LISTEN LIVE!
UPforEd Executive Director Shelli Kurth speaks live about SDUSD budget at 5:35 p.m.
with 's LaDona Harvey.
I don't think your stupid but what's my opinion against thousands?
Uh oh.
Can you try again?
If it goes through twice I'll be sure to refund immediately.
nice, what's your email addoctorss?
Wrapping up in Athens.
I think I could've used another day here, but a great stop.
I hate raisins.
Long weekend, in So Cal, looking for a new home?
opening new phases at many communities; check out their touchscreens, too!
I hear the beat of my heart getting louder whenever i'm near you
Readers have sex.
But do they have gender?
So asks Kathleen Lubey.
I maybe would..
Idk how I feel about this .
U would probably go insane if u had 2 go threw half of the shit I've been threw
All very well, but there can only be one Sick Man of Eurasia.
Time for a showdown!
Thank you so much!
Baltimore thanks you!
: Just got my mother to vote for you!
That is 3 out of 3 from my family!
Where is the nastiest place you've ever gotten layed?
I did it in a ditch on the side of the highway once.
Working on a new tune...raycharles inspired.
what's ur definition of gross stuff
Gettin ready to head down to Starbar with my baby for Fortune's video gig!!
still somewhat shitty.
Med express said it wasnt strep.
Just viral.
Ugh
thanks for the FF!
Stupid airplane lady
guess what i will be gettin in the mail this weekend?.....
DARK WORLD!!!
will post pic as soon as i get it
really??
Lols I like playing with a guys feet, of they're cute and clean and stuff lols
Thanks Matt!
I love my doggy!
Seriously when i wake hes their next to me licking my elbow lol :D
Saw the avengers last night.
Fell asleep in the middle, woke up for the end.
Lots of explosions and one liners.
welcome too Indiana pacers barbosa !!!!
Excited too have you on our team :
y'all are doin the bible lectures?
Good shit lol.
I wish I was back there.
Superexcited to hear talk about hiphop and economic recovery tonight at Memorial Hall!
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.
from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips and Speeches
Att school still
what changed your mind?
haha I agree!
Just submitted a CREATE!
proposal for cwcon on gaming pedagogy.
Keeping fingers crossed.
thanks for the mention
Just brought dinner to friends with a newborn.
Sometimes you forget how amazing little human beings can be.
I just won the FASHION GROUP INTERNATIONAL Rising Star Award for HOME!
Proudly bring back a coveted design award back to Georgia!
Does that mean I could sell my Polaroid camera for big bucks?
Who made up the rules anyway?!?
love you too :
His decision, not yours.
Deal.
RT : about what horseshit this is, and how lebron took the easy way out.
I think.
You look amazing.
I want to come see you.
Weekend please.
That just makes me go harder, taking it all in yes yes :
My Baby Spent all day in the Kitchen cooking while i laid in bed watching TV, HOW SAD.
FOOD LOOKS GREAT.
GIVE THANKS
I don't understand pinterest...
Someone explain the appeal please?
umm I think someone by the name of Nick Breezy should go on and win American Idol ; right?
Conrad Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter
Thank you!
:
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference
KINDA CRAZY.
BOOSTER was somewhat gritty but above all it was relatable  something I miss from most crime doctormas.
I'm gonna superstar !!!
get me.
.
.
.something
So Todays My Moms Birthday,I Asked Her What She Wants She Said I Want An ShirtTickets To His Concert In Houston!
Its like shes avoiding me....
whats the egg thing?
first meeting with the National Institute for Latino School Leaders  NCLRAdv12 to talk about charter schools w/ House committee staff
Thanks, Really Appreciate It
u be clubbing here huh?
you're so desperate...
Ha Ha You know it!
Giants are elite
doctorving home..
RT FOX NEWS:GOP Congressman calls for Janet Incompetano to step down.
That awkward moment when you see two lesbians and wonder which one makes the sandwiches..
What was that stuff in ABQ coming from the sky?
Not familiar.
it has been forever!
Welcome back!
good for him!
good for her!
You, im not sure :p
The puppy has the hiccups!
What do we do?
Shoutout to the beautiful one and only :
RT : It's funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to helping myself, I don't know what to do.
Bitches and hoes, bitches and hoes...
I've been working on lots of little projects from Indie films short films to an Adidas print shoot I just did.
Having lots of fun!
We Are The ICONic Boyz From Englishtown New Jersey ':
!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
had my guy phone yesterday.
I don't care about a man phone.
U find what u looking 4
We had to go visit AmazingMilwaukeeRace stop Pabst Square before checking out the Cleopatra exhibit!
praying for you guys and the church plant in Columbus...
blessings!
Just got an anonymous email, informing me I used to be cool, and am now preening and cantankerous.
At least I identify myself, though.
Tony OhNo Romo does it again!
Happy New Year from The Kisses!
Please consider a making a monetary donation to the 'West Pittston Library Recovery Fund' of the Luzerne Found.
by calling 5707141570.
Trained hard this few weeks,It's great when my coach tell's me to rest for two day's and eat a lot.thank;s Coach Aaron.
Jason Ohlner asks teachers to make one change.
Try Jim Lahey's / Sullivan St.
Bakery no knead bread.
I make it 2x a week.
thank you .
Happy birthday to you too
Wasn't biotech making promises, but universities  econ developers who thought they had found silver bullet
tired as all hell.
Lmâø.
You?
Today I woke up and wondered what brontosaurus would look like with a hangover.
iwish he would just take the time to listen to me
tonight's not a good night for me either bud.
Maybe next weekend?
Mumford  Sons 
Cotto tryna leave a nigga dead in these street.
Still in love with my sweatpants ;D
thankyou so much for following and sharing!
Enjoying surprise of a 85 average on archaeology class exam...though I'm only half way through the tests.
'Sugar Man' inspired local fighters, fans  Chicago Tribune
we're playing right now on JU 108!
Come listen!
radio.ju.edu!
found Cultural Hall in iTunes and went ahead and gave it a 5 star rating.
I have 'faith' I won't regret it.
Maryland 9/11 Memorial designed by to be dedicated by Governor O'Malley today at 3pm at the World Trade Center in inner harbor.
I want a coffee fuckin' doctornk some poster for my living room.
That way, I can pretend I live in QC land.
lol yea and I gotta put 40 hours in a week here at my job but I wish I could do the ymca again tho
boulder buffalo head mystery solved: Just some dude doctoring a souvenir buffalo head in the front yard.
No biggie.
Happens all the time.
Let's see if I can get to 700 followers by New Years Eve!!!
RT!!!
;
I'm about 2 take a muscle relaxer.
In my universe, this is the equivalent of shooting up a sandwichsized baggie of heroin.
World, bewarezzz
so like what's your favorite activity u like to do alone  home?
LOVE the animated GIFs  hot body, love it, especially the pecs and the light coat of hair...
i freaking love you phae!
I can't wait to see you this weekend!
We can have a convo about my guy; TEXT ME TOMORROW BABE!3
happy hour on the sony lot
I GUESS HONESTY ISN'T A POLICY ANYMORE .
O WELL NO HASH TAG NO SUB TWEETS.
NOT LOOKIN FOR ANY EITHER.
IMMA NOT GIVE A FUCK N KEEP IT.MOVING
the worst thing about it is they cut my GOT SIX sweatshirt  my POLAMALU 43 jersey off of me!!!!
I will be doing a live interview on th.
8:00 pm Tn.
time with Mandy Mason on www.honkytonk101radio.com
I hate when your washing your face and you feel like someone's behind you.
..
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!!
THANKS
She looked kinda pissed off, actually.
But that might have been because she was almost hit by a car.
Good for Artists/ songwriters!
Village People singer wins Legal Battle in fight to reclaim song rights.
nah brother.
He almost over dove it.
Id really like for my parents to come back to this house so I can go to home and go to bed.
I go on your professorle to make sure you are tweeting and here you are hollaring at How u say jendeh in Armenian?
i have an undercut again, i look cute and i don't care what you think.3
Accepted into Marshall...officially a Trojan!
Very Exciting...
but i work hard.
Sometimes I do overtime hoe
Yeah bitch
Man Jeff Teague just had one of the best blocks I've seen this year
WHATS good homie!!
i meet u  SXSW.
AFTER YALL FADERFORT show outside!!
u told me u spent alot of time in AUSTIN..get  me homie
Beautiful night at Bar Louie, luau party tomorrow!
we get an extra hour?
I don't know what to do with the 24 I already have.
We can't wait to poop in your cereal in February!
3
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the What's Hot section of the US iTunes App Store for top overall apps!
I listened on to a few on his website.
Also, grooveshark.com is decent for streaming music for free if you're in need of tunes
I got a build a bear at Navy Pier today....I named it Austin Carter Mahone3 ;
She loses her 1st boyfriend to a lie.
Then she met her 2nd boyfriend who now has a kid from another relationship.
Will ignacio be her 3rd?
How do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake?
cool.
Have fun!
Favorite superbowlcommercial so far?
No shopping for 40 days.
Ready set go!
hoping when we go 1:1 next year, I will be using it much more often.
I'm just trying to brainstorm the possibilities early.
Brett November 15th, 2007 9:51 am Hi GangLike JLA said, dairy products are not permitted
Interactive video can offer different paths to meet the viewer exactly where they are !
I wish I had been there too!
Was it awesome?
fuck u dale
I don't understand love and it's entirety.
RT : So, how was dinner?
Love the funky invites on I'm thinking a classy Vday party for my Feb.
bday
Watching slaverybyanothername on PBS.
Nice to see my friends and colleagues sharing their knowledge!
no, thank you!
I am just trying to help pass along positive, encouraging, helpful message to those who are open to changes.
:
Chicagoland apartment hunting today!
NICE!
I heard about them through he tweeted a pic of their album when it came out.
Glad I read it lol
scene from The Meaning of Life.
The administrator is coming.
Turn on the most expensive machine  the machine that goes bing!
pshh, fine then, i'd rather not get ignored anyway
Yeah, maybe it's better if I don't follow Arsenal v.
Sunderland via twitter right now.
Or a smart mayor may want to eat a Minnesota burger
My parents says it's their house but when it's time to clean, it magically becomes mine too.
which one?
Are you enjoying it?
I should go to school more often.
Heading in for photo call then tonight's performance!
Come on out to to see BECKY'S NEW CAR!4743699
Thanks for the follow, Andy.
I followed you back.
How will you be helping banish the Nain Rouge this year?
I like The Wallflowers version of Heroes better than the Bowie version.
chilling with and I'm dying at them!
RT if u think is hot AND a really good singer :
RT : I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan
The one person I don't want telling me I can or cannot get married...
2012 finna b my year gonna b focused n on my grind.
ATEAMEntxxx lol
and if he can't do it?
He will lose even more.
This Sooner fan wishes he went pro.
Changing of the guard.
Need more Bell.
Thanks for the RT!
2 BR house somewhere around Palo Alto.
Can you ask around for me?
Can't do roommates because I have a 2 year old child.
I'm really glad gladness that i'm taller than most people.
GO PACK GO!
FRIDAY BOOKINGS!!
announcement day is like Christmas morning.
cant see than is less consistent than even garcia..
Adoration Contrition Thanksgiving Supplication is the ACTS prayer model
Mary Kennedy was found dead.
Another victim of the Kennedys, I'm sorry, they are notorious for killing women  getting away with it.
I'm more addicted to Mt.
Dew then Cigarettes...
3
Yes, but more like short 'flail on the trail' type of running.
Once I a build back up, I will join you folks on a long one!
Love me some boomstick !
Loving the Flipboard for iPhone!
Oh your 20 years old, you must be so wise please tell me what life was like Back in the day
Bad things happen to them also, but the good things always out weigh the bad.
If your into sports, and want to know about every black athlete that ever played sports.
Check out my boys site...
www.arhenetwork.com
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Something's wrong with this coverage.
There aren't nearly enough closeups!
Happy Birthday and !!!
hahahaha!
I had the same reaction when I read that email
A broken heart is a heart that has felt love.
Am I reading this right, that we'll only have 14 weeks  2 days?
Cardio done...
on to my chest workout...
Who's generous enough to follow me
I saw in Forever 21 at the mall yesterday!!!
Time for a third tattoo and cutoff shirts.
Your beliefs dont make you a better person, your behavior does.
anonymous
Dear Michigan, you have a lot of dead deer on the side of the road.
Ten and counting!
What'd they ever do to you!?
why can't you doctornk ?:
thanks ben 
think I need a nap.
luckily, I can take one!

I am truly grateful to have spent the day with the other igniteSmithsonian speakers: , ,
Finally!
I can be on the internet during a thunderstorm without worrying if my DSL connection will fail!
haha you know me well
The liberation n acting is the choices too.
: The difficulty in Acting is the choices.
Please Contact me about next weeks show on Wednesday.
.
Thanks!
Today at Rock the Ink we will be having a limited release signing of our 2011 calendar.
come see us!
April bring Showers but not Snow Showers PLEASE!
Will do!
Thanks
I work nights.
What's your excuse.
JUST ANNOUNCED!
3 DOORS DOWN with special guests Theory of a Dead Man and Pop Evil is coming the Woods at Fontanel October 02, 2011 we!!
College assignments are such a pain.
Loves listening to people's fight stories knowing that 99 of them are bullshit.
Laughing at them with my boy
Glee tonight :
His words have meant nothing before, thus the problem.
Gitmo, medical cannabis ...
across the range he spoke well but no action.
Wow now i really want to rip some people's heads off!
Good night 
our challenges are unprecedented but our learning systems are not preparing us to cope with these challenges.
Lmfao!!!!!
That sad face made it too funny....
RT no bread or ketchup bc carbs and sugar are the devil.
:
WE Got One Of The Best Studios In The 305 Area!
Come Visit Us TOday!
dude you are so white!
This bitch has me on hold.
smartphones are reinventing the connection between companies and their customers Rich Miner
We are READY for the weekend!
Thanks for asking!
do u look at unknown actor's websites  is it better to have a photo gallery page or just diff.
photos on each webpage?
Thank you for letting me know.
Big hug, I am sure you are mightily relieved!
cool right!
Pretty famous apparently and I didn't even know my friend runs it!
So sweet!
Lots of activity around union square.
School tomorrow:/
your super hot, fire hot, something like the sun in the sky.3
2010 Guenoc Petit Sirah 10, inky, peppery, nice finish, some black cherry, good sipping or with beef kabobs.
hey Andy/Chelle.How's the weather in Irvinecleveland?
I'm actually heading out for a show
Splurging on 35 mm film while I'm at it.
Only for summer.
aw thanks chantelle!!!
:
I just talked to a guy from Poland.
I understood him
: Considering deleting twitter off my phone to.
NO
's Rampage
Slow on my knob and bitch do ya job
i got a C too
Ankle swole just like my arms
Thanks for the RT, Aurelia.
It got a little hairy for the RedSox last night in the 9th.
Business is personal.
People commit themselves to other people, not to organizations.
Hatim Tyabji
hey what up bro.
Getting u used to twitter early morning
Today has been a good day for the most part
Happy 90th Betty White!!!!
We can't wait!
RT : So excited to make pasties with tomorrow.
My boobies need some decoration!
watching burlesque.
this movie reminds of my best fran !
Go forth and set the world on fire.
St.
Ignatius Loyola
Field is looking great!
Can't wait to get this game underway Let's go BULLS!
Archer Season 2 on Netflix.
Why yes, thank you
Oh tinnitus.
You bitch.
Tortas  our 05' Barbera D' Alba for lunch today!
Yum!
Thanks BolilloTortasGrandOpening!!
we gotta link up bro I need a few exclusives.
No I didn't!!
I am right next door!
Doing hw in Abby's room!
Ya'll ditch me and her at dinner!
Smh
He Slightly Does!
Who Is He?
I saw the highfive, and the subsequent grin on your face : great show, eh??!!
LifeWouldBeBetter if I could see Santana in concert tonight or tomorrow night.
He's a genius.
Someone at a conference mentioned this site and I could not remember the name.
Thank you!
that's the Bob Allen on Maple Ave, right?
No Matter how dirty you are or have been I've got the best tools for getting you extra squeeky clean Jess!
Let's get started!
:
If you are at cooking with George tonight , you learned how to make these gnocchi !
SIpowered is awesome.
Thans for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
It's been hell not having you here.
Happy Easter!!
:
searching for a Comp Analyst in FREDERICKSBURG, VA.
Must have HRIS exp and knowledge of FSLA.
Send resume to
its going!!
Lol just a truckin along
yeah I was sitting there ask why over and over lol
Nice moves on the lanes!
Its hard to wait around for something you know may never happen, but its harder when you know its everything you want
got music festival season coming around real quick getting prepared for the madness
What's good my nigga??
hit me up when u get the chance.
Hope he stays with it.
Okay be there :
NFLrookie advice: Its okay to be nervous about measuring up to peers  veteran teammates.
Focus on performance to build your confidence.
Christopher Columbus was a vampire.
Guess what???
I'm in Austins suitcase haha :P
Why is Team Obama in 'Panic Mode' as Hearing Nears on Failed AntiGun Trafficking Program?
Stole 5 bucks from my moms purse because I'm a bamf.
Cellar Door favorite Keith Vance and band will be at the on Tues.
08.23  8pm with band and more.
5.
That's bc you are always ravishing!
you can't spell .
I love blue eyed boys but is my doctoram man :
Time for some rubs!
Yummy!
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
Play Alganon
IfYouLetMe you won't regret me.
Sh.t if you let me you won't forget me.
Seriously Boston...eff the wind
He fucks his hands everyday RT : I won't let Bomani wipe his ass.
Hasn't done it in 25 years.
Hands are too damn fragile.
I do agree with the statement, although I think the line you speak of is sometimes clear, and sometimes fuzzy.
I can be your hero baby
LOL no room left.
OSI is carved in caramel goo, and wet doctorams.
ha!
Delayed response yes:
Everyone has thatex that you glad you're not the father of her now 6 kids.
Thanks for talking to usf students.
I should come up for an agency tour or...
Got a show the 25th at the UACA with and lions lions be there
My dad almost died yesterday Diabetesonly 1person helpd him..I know my God is an AWESOME GodI have not stop thanking Him for His mercy!
here's to the kalin and myles fans who have been here since the very first day.
those are pretty great.
Do they light up?
bad reception in lodi.
The crowd pushes away from Perkins saying, 'He's killed him!
Dead as hell!
His own son!' THE PERSONAL EQUATION
Famed investor Buffett takes stake in Lee Enterprises
how is it lookin for Walker?
RT if u real
Call for Stories at Lamplighter Roasting Company, this Saturday from 46!
See you then!
Kansas grain elevator cited for serious violations  Fox News
Missed ovids breakfast by 2 minutes
hey i just got u that 500th like on FB : im getting friends in the states to check you guys out!
browniepointsanyone ?
i want ya 1000 tweet
i think so too it was very touching
Hey!
You should come down to NOLA for a nice change of pace, plus Louisiana is now 1 in film productions : Happy Holidays!
so glad I could help!
Let me know how it goes, and take pics of what you order!
:
Lollapalooza sounds reaaall sweaty to me.
I take it all back, Game Of Thrones.
I will give my life in place of yours, be it necessary.
Your ladies are kickass.
a women with chew in her lip.
a first for me.
Me too.
Maybe he needs some Lyle Lovett.
Lol.
great pictures as always!
:
I proboly will be on tommoro, but if i'm not...
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!: I hope Santa brought every thing you ask for ; lol .3.
Come in for your A service today and you will receive a MercedesBenz key chain!
Pujols is getting walked
But I'm sure carrying less than 3 grams of pot will still get you sent to jail in Topeka.
i think its around 100 for best seats, and 60 for cheap.
You check kiosk day of, if they don't have them, u can get  mirage
Night night twitter
What does it say about our industry that the I Can Has Cheezburger guy is a keynote speaker at ONA11?
TWITTER NAME IDEAS FOR ME GOO
This years Fall Guy Honoree will be Joe Comfort The King.
Charity Roast Dinner set for October 18th at the Riverside Convention Center
Warren Buffett  no signs of economic recovery  I think he is wrong.
House prices are stablizing and the Stock market is on the rise.
So fucking livid
That Life Alert!
commercial is hilarious...hhelp, help, i've fallen n i cant get up.
I need the life alert.
Lmfao.
: you are hilarious!!!
It's quite satisfying doing a Civ tech rush and annihilating a map of stone age players using stealth bombers.
Law and order svu is all that's on tv fml
these cigarette commercials gettin serious........
ate mini wheats
A weird Feeling
Yes there was an earthquake.
No, there is no damage.
Yes, people are freaked out.
No, there is no good reason why.
RT : We all wanna secretly have sex with
It's time for a new page, time to break stranglehold, Filner says.
S/o to them Dumb boys for TYRNNA fight them marines yall ion as soon as the poilice came yall woulda ran thinkbeforeyouact!
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw each spouse has equal bargaining power.
Bingo date was excellent despite us not winning anything.
Nowfajitas and beer for din din.
Just followed u back.
What's up stranger?
I always dig your finds.
Thanks.
Hate jock itch
Some how everyday ppl always remind me of the old me..Makes me wanna snap n lose my mind..I NEED ANGER MANAGEMENT CLASSES ...
listening to the new Alejandoctor Escovedo.
sounds great!
I passed my summer school class!
I got the credit!
Hah so as of right now....I am ahead of my credits!
:D beast!
: Def meant to send that as a DM.
but YOU ARE A PUNK....
doesnt change my opinion.
lmao!
lmao you def the punk
Lets se how many people text me
I've been on a big kick learning about megalithic sites.
tryig to get her to doctorve
I will be your hero if youll be my
Did they seriously censor Smoking grade A in Young  Wild  Free?
Come visit the newest social media outlet at www.lifetrophys.com.
Give us you're feedback and let us know how to improve our site for you.
Got an idea?
Need help makin' it happen?
Sign up for the free Google Hangout Session on StartingUp on Feb 28 at 7:00pm CST....
Love, lust, or lies?
From which do you base your relationships ?
3 four letter words that mean the same thing
Check out , a 5part special series highlighting the special burden war places on women.
Tuesday nights 10PM on PBS
Even if you start a business with the wrong idea or too many competitors, you can outexecute
Happy piday, everyone.
Pictures of celebratory piecaken are forthcoming.
Focus, focus, focus.
That's how it's done.
ima enjoy ma piece if cake too doe watch...
Vibrator named Fabio gona be my valentine lol
Really?
It's so sunny but it's like 10 degrees out.
sorry, , but would destroy you in Street Fighter II Turbo Edition.
When people actually take my tweets seriously facepalms
lmfao just died clearly you chose this one for a reason bitch lmao
Eay generatn GOP caused BANKRUPTCIES' that destroy JOBS,LIVES,FUTURE of Working Amer Fams GOP expect GOVT Bail OutsNO MORE GOP n 2012!
word man.
you got some pretty dope beats yo.
keep it up.
ABSO GUTTED.
WHY CANT AUSTIN COME TO THE UK ::::::::: oh well, happy for the NY Mahomies 3
The Sunday exacta: Bills won, got some sun, NYTimes crossword done.
Last Saturday off in the history of my job in San Francisco.
Going to enjoy this beautiful day and get shiz done.
Three words about my day.
Jackhammer.
CD's.
Kayak.
Getting close to 100 likes!
Maybe we'll do something special for the Rabid Facebooker that becomes our
rainy day in Dallas.
Writing while listening to the blues!!!
Who's your fav blues artist?
Let us enjoy the gift of the present together...
then FB it!
Kids learning about manure, sheep shearing, and growin' crops at Mt.
Vernon
thanks for taking the time to check it out!
Tell to get us a show out there.
I think its hilar...especially since we aren't twitter friends,lol.
Looking For Luxury Homes?
Call Me Now For A List Of The Best Las Vegas has to offer.
7025186567
War is ugly.
Taylor is a freaking beast!
....
Yeah, 2012 is LEAVING!
You guys are NOT important anymore.
Ha.
vents out of code.
When people cook or do laundoctor it comes into our apt.
Horrible.
He said there's no code and no case.
Lies.
Is it really over?
3DF21 ps.
big thank you to for keeping the models happy.
Hi there!
Thanks for the follow Grow yourself and your community by freeing the mind of a young person.
Join
I know!
I am so thankful they left the phone in the car.
Careful when you go to the beach!
you are beautiful!!
I wonder if the SpaceX Falcon9 static hotfire will be visible from my office window...
Undergraduate Symposium Today  w/500 at Union South showing off their best research, service learning and creative work!
There is nothing more important to me than the health and the welfare and the happiness, of the people of NewYorkCity.
New eyeglasses x 2!
Happy birthday to me :
I'm like so addicted to writing again.
This is OSM
Begin at the beginning, and go on till you come to the end, then stop
Try calling 9737334311 or That's the city's nonemerg help line.
They should be able 2 refer u regarding jobs.
Tonight ought to shut a lot of Braunhaters up for a bit.
I hope you get whats coming to you
Bucky totally rocked it today.
Awesome!
Jimmy Burnet the Pants Man is hosting a super bowl half time show on Spike TV!!!
lol!
My son thinks we can rewind everything AND fast forward through all the commercials!
thx!
Back at you!
I got a chandelier!!!
To go in my room
I love stocking up on basic tees each season when Old Navy has sales.
Sweet deal.
I'm in bed
Kicking some footballs!
Troubles never end.
Get rid of one and you face it's friend.
Move beyond troubles and seek the happiness within.
no problem!
:
I'M TIRED TODAY.
Good morning!
So I said muy rico instead of muy caro talking about price.
I caught it.
It's rude to judge me when I'm trying to help you.
you would tag me in that one haha what about the functional blackout
Up early waiting on USPS...
Right!
But I'm finna take my ass to sleep ill text you when I get up.
uh oh
The more difficult the achievement, the more valuable it is.
Im hungry :
no sorry I'm coaching tonight
That good
I just want her to get out of character to accept the award.
It kind of cheapened the presentation to Brittany too IMO.
Salud Amigo!
RT : Happy Uno de Mayo!
You dont need to wait until Saturday to enjoy Espolón.
Vámonos Amigos!
it is!
Haha
That's funny.
I hope the Congressmen's wives use headaches as contraception...
If you are cold reading at a play audition  you need reading glasses, it might be helpful to remember the glasses.
My history teacher really likes to talk about One Direction.
My history teacher is a boy.
Relaxing!!
Shower  thinking about making a few returns  which will be more money towards my camera buying on 31st
Freshman year, the last person I said see ya later to was my best bro only fitting that happened again senior year.
Ah, Dark Horse, my home away from home.
How I've missed you.
: People who sleep more have a higher alcohol tolerance.
Thanks for the RT !
Are you on Pinterest too?
Good quality broadcast.
Birds are chirping.
Heard a cardinal.
And a train go by.
That girl got a scrub to cover her pussy!
LMAO .
she's not cute
At NCLR ALMA awards, highlight hearing George Lopez say he was the pinche gringo whisperer vivalaraza!
You win some you lose some...
Today I did both.
It was like salsa dancing.
She has the guts to do that in a fullpacked auditorium though.
Props to her!
oh ahah ok then, dude class is fun
I envy people who have the luxury of getting genuinely up in arms about unimportant things and then proceed to yell at me.
corporate tax deadline is March 15.
Do you still need an CPA/accountant?
Thanks!
I'm out now, but I'll look when I get home.
:
FML!
im finally headed home cant wait to relax.
done with allot of bs too!
glad i got great friends though we could get allot out finally.
If yesterday's any indication of the year to come, this one should be my best yet.
Thanks to my friends  family for making 30 feel awesome.
wish I could be in two places at once!
Ideas won't work unless you do.
It's not.
My parents live in South Bend, and Bishop Roades is very serious about it.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience.
We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Nope.
Just wasn't sure what it meant.
Two weeks of school left...then done with first year of college...
Oh yeaah GO RANGERS !
We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others.
Be careful in knowing that
Don't try to be deep and neglect storytelling.
You'll put your audience to sleepif you even get one in the first place.
haha  I havent been to bed that early since I was 7 years old.
ha!
Happy to welcome to the board tonight!
Great to have you onboard.
Getting gas for the first time in over a month.
Nice to Tweet you too!
Looking forward to popping into this summer  meeting you!
Thanks for the intro!
Merkel  Sarkozy sleeping at the same hotel tonight prior to the big Summit Sunday  could be they'll talk privately.
Could prevent a war?
I already knew that!
It's still nasty.
Occupy Wall Street might turn into occupy the globe soon!!!
negative ghost rider as I'm in the city of brotherly love...home team lost.
Going home for popcorn and meursault!!!
Jorge was a more reliable winner for longer.
Injuries suck, but when he pitched..
you knew what you were getting
Wow, so theres a new law that allows police officers to search through your phone?????
If they can move on...then so can you.
Just keep your head up and keep smiling.
Enjoying the 70 degree sunny weather and listening to jazz.
I'm really hatin today.
Tell the truth just once.
Please.
You think Derek Fisher wants revenge?
Whim w/ tonight!
WOO HOO!
Congrats, Jo!
How do you beat the Texas Heat?
Trees bring our property lots of shade and the cool breezes out here in the country are great relief!
Download your copy of ATown Veteran by ColeHart, and get into a Streetlit ebook the write way.
Happy Summer!
Today at 1316 it's officially Summer,  according to one weatherMAN a big S will zoom across the sky!
The truth hurts but lies heal .
Funny how that works
Happy birthday :
excuse me but me and Harry are already dating soo.....
;
the conclusion of A Good Man is Hard to Find A great use of suspense by having the climax occur 'off screen'.
And it works no matter how you spell it: independence RT : Independents.
see you at RECon12!
Today I just got my noticed that the car has officially been paid off.
Life is good!
Man these hoes dont want it.!!
They better stop playin with my sister before we get in they ass.!
Scientists confirm limited genetic diversity in the extinct Tasmanian tiger Scientists have confirmed the unique Tasmanian tiger or thyla
Does it worry anybody else that we've had two large earthquakes that have caused significant damage on the edge of the Pacific Plate?
they're have a 24 hour vote telethon today lol....
I'm worried too xD
I'm making friends with the ANT Farm Cast and Crew
wow.
graduation in the a.m.
it's surreal.
Turning c's to g's is important but I'm not
thanks for following, Are you excited about the wedding?
It's all over our news.
miss you
For Hire Anything will do.
My husband's really high maintenance
I get to see my little cousin Cailtyn today!
Hopefully she can play barbies with me.
Darnton: Knowledge as public good.
DPLA force for good.
Ten minutes in and this southpark episode is already amazing
we love them too
Hi Bas, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
TONIGHT ITS ON AGAIN ON THE BEATS ON THE CAMERA  50CENT doctorNKS TILL 12AM LEEETTSSS GO!
Awe.
Thanks!
listening tp Sweet Home Alabama on the radio.
Heard this like 10 times in 24 hrs' AND saw movie of same name.
What
My greatest lesson as a autism parent is to accept  embrace my kids for exactly who they are!
Colin Firth coming right up.
Worth waiting for.
it's damn sad

charmander: but when u gonna get a retrial date with kaoras after u brought some white zinfandel to a study date
Good Morning MKE!
This sunday is Mother's Day  we think a clean house would be the perfect gift.
We can help with that!...
no but Bryce at is I did the wireframes and such
I know whore I called you to get white girl wasted but you were being effin lame
been handling biz watsup wit a photo/ video shoot
Booking controversial and interesting and celebrities for my radio show.
Ideas welcome
oh how i love a cookout huge tea
www.wolfpackradio.org is the website for the station
I'm a Cub fan'nuf said.
1984 was the first of many..
losing to the Padoctors in the NLCS.
Leon Durhamisterght thru the wickets.
Hahaha!
Now I'm just fascinated with everything Dutch!
yes ur are momma bear
They think WE are stupid enough to believe their lies but they'll be surprised on Election day!
From the Muslim world, coffee passed on to Italy, then to the rest of Europe and the Americas.
New Product Report: Prep Jerks spring/summer 2012  LateBoots ...
How awesome is it that ds106 got more than 12k in pledges through kickstarter?
Had a great bday but I wish my Jenk 2 girls were here!!
I'm just a girl, trying to keep the pollen out of my eyes.
whatgetsmegoin people treating other human beings with no respect
Long day ahead of me dangit 
If I woulda gone home none of this woulda happened.
Good idea  will do!
Just met An old school journalist with a new school skill set.
Find her at ACHJ12, talk to her, you'll hear why.
: Gold  silver.
I love goooollllddd reminds me of doctorevil, haha I love gold!
yea it does lol
The first third of it easily reminded me of The Lottery by Shirley Jackson.
So...1948?
Don't think so.
They all tasted great to me!
The guy who works at my store said he'd read something about bad batches though.
I'm really proud of my former home state right now.
Way to go, Ohio!
did you install a fleshlight in your shitzu doll too?
JK hahaha
Oof that's rough!
Someday, I'll get a big, fancy one with a really GOOD warranty!
78 alley oops
woow damn that sucks did she blessed you to death lol
Why is the Ninja Turtle walking around with a Michael Jackson glove on today?!?
o0
he looks like ronald McDonald....?!!!
WHAT?!
Seriously?
There needs to be some sort of Tudor Panic Button that summons historians when inaccurate info is promulgated
i guess twitter is now the hunger games!
because it picks random celebrites and killing them off!
Summer nights.
Dude, you just aint right!!!
LOL
Will you be giving away tickets to next weeks friendly match ElSalvador Vs.
New Zealand?
guys, it's her 6 months today.
Yup, Alyxis is pregnant.
Family over aint nothin better than that!
Today, we're crushing and pressing Chilean Malbec.
And custom labeling a couple cases of wedding wine.
Congrats Ken  Cindy!
COLD?
Doesn't matter, Clevelanders still making reservations for a night out!
Enjoy
SPEAKING VOLUMES: JAN2812: sometimes I'm gay
We're just about to get started, will try to tweet some treats, apparently there'll be discussions of custard!
Good afternoon, people!
just got out of the shower.
Feeling good and feeling fresh!!!!
throat hurts and i have a cough STILL.
suxxx
Wow.
Small world.
Your best bet is to post to the Strophe.js mailing list.
I'll try to help if I can.
hey!
I'm like sec away from seeing barry manilow
please follow me..if you do i will be your friend 4eva, not in a stalker way lol
Sebastian Le Toux to the EPL?
.....nobody saw that one coming in USL days.
hahaha going for a hip hop video shoot.
just got instructions from the label to get as tan as possible by tuesday.
whaaa
What's on your menu for Sunday?
there is always room on this couch!
I saw you 4 time in a bit more then a week.
saw u in nashville, atlanta, miami both nights not far from u at all of them
strategy fail
cant be mad at a person doing their own thing, if they not yours....nbs
Lots of folks are looking well past the Mets  Astros this week.
That's a good way to be disappointed with a .500 road trip.
I'm glad you're getting the shoes mister customer
I was made to be a mogul
thank u ur right.
Glad ur well.
Miss chatting w u.
Thx for the re add on fb :P
having your own app, on the other hand...
: Neither is Paying sales tax, Quickbooks, insurance, invoicing, etc.
I almost quit twitter just now because it recommended that I follow both Ted Nugent and Benjamin Netanyahu.
Failure is an option.
So, have good partners in crime.
Growing in a new job comes down to relationships
I need me a OE Night
My wife treats me like a god;I get a burnt offering at every meal.
we like your tweets.
LOL.
Follow Back.
Hey fellow Chicago food bloggers, anybody going to the Street Food Festival and want to meet up with Bunny and Brandy?
Almost home.
it's what I do best
follow me back please?
Where Yo Side At
You are always welcome for dinner.
I know that you guys are goinbg to win b/c you deserve it the most!!!
You guys were and still be amazing!!
I love you guys 3
RACHEL WTF DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT THAT?
;O
now how does ffn translate into following?
You're gonna have to explain that one to me tomorrow!
Special thank you to the San Diego Young Democrats for walking with me this Sunday in the rain!!!
No school Friday so after school tomorrow we gonna go to the mall
As a Rams fan I call it the best trade in the history of sports...
;
Fiesta is just around the corner and you and a friend can be fit for the party!
Fit For Fiesta starts 3/19!
Sign up at the Welcome Center.
u aren't gonna fly out for the event?
Where's my perfect job....?
Pounds  Ounces is in the old Viceroy space on 8th Ave scoops that it will be BLD  late night w outdoor seating
RT : Happy hour tonight is 3 pm to 5 pm....Adlers Fish Fry too!
I heard that it was patched, unfortunately
Swag sod
On to the Movie.
Fridays are off day now.
Surround Sound..Check!
Peace Y'all.
WarmWishes.
Mavs win in 6 ;
Sounds like it's going to be a marathon day...
hey  when going through O'Hare again  if between 4am  3pm be sure to check with for a ride to or from!
Amazing.
So want to steal that.
I Want more people to Follow Me Plez haha
People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be.
Neck is killing me
Each campaign will have a chance to review every single ballot.
At any time, a given ballot can be challenged.
Line up the lawyers.
Sweater VEST weather!
Sno Shirts available through www.SnoClothing.com.
I Hate Messing Up But Its Apart Of Life...
absolutely!
We're so glad you're date went well!
That wasn't funny
The regenerative systems of your body operate during the exhale.
Focus on a nice, slow, long exhale
such a meathead, every single thing you say has literally no value to me
Chuck never a dull moment!
Love it!
RT : Charles Barkley is the best.
So good to the show.
its pathetic tht u get a note in ur bag saying a bunch of sht like omg kayla go back with chris ur a whore ...
seriously grow up
thank you for following , stay tuned for super exciting design to come...
The bloodhound is the only animal whose evidence is admissible in a U.S.
Court.
so true!
ELITE 17 fights are about to start...stay tuned for live updates from Salinas, CA!
It's about time this weekend was here.
IRS thirdquarter estimated taxes are due Sept.
15th.
Pay with a credit or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
I love you, two grew up a Detroit fan.
Old Tiger Stadium with my hardworking day who made time to go to park
Oh btw.
Your money supply aka leader of Al Queda is dead so give up.
Go somewhere else
Every asian lady on this bus has a toddler on their lap and is taking up two seats but not actually using one of them.
Happy World Theatre Day!
The universal language.
May Theatre continue to bridge gaps between nations and cultures  ultimately bring peace
If you expect nothing....you won't get disappointed...lol
I sit and ponder how anyone can be a republican today, Boehner, Cantor, Walker, Rove, Bachman, MITT!?
all liars, all idiots
Yes!
If pubs gave up doctor, Kindle wouldn't  a closed system.
Right now, the user is bound more tightly to AMZN w/ ea Kindle buy.
Morning Hongaloids!...big weekend..mainstage with NERD at Future Classic Festival ...MAYDAY AFOBETA LOCOS POR JUANA....what will I wear?
; 
this weekend has been pretty boring .
.
:/
gotta go anna
No...thank you!
Omg I've never been more tired than today had to wake up at 7:00 doctorve all the way Northstar in morning traffic ugh stores almost done
better late than never hehe!!
Doing the Comedy Store main room show at 8:30.
Come out  say hi!
Empowering kickoff TEDMED speaker Bryan Stevenson speaking to social change: Love is the motivation.
Justice is the instrument.
Just labeled dog stool samples for trip to vet.
We have the Signature Sympathy Flower Collection You won't find our arrangements through any other website or flower shop.
Need help...
Good luck!
RT : Volleyball Tourney in Richmond all weekend  OdoctorBID  Go Beach Elite!!
I'm Ron fucking Swanson
one author mentioned this, I didn't catch the name.
associated with EAA?
I wish would notice me.....
ON MACK  BEWICK
thank you for your kind words!
Do you have a favorite food or movie that comes from Israel?
i think we need a field trip to good old texas!
seems to be a fashionable state!
Brushing Your Pet's Teeth
so ready!
Spring Formal 2012 get ready for us!
;
Guess who will watch you run on Friday.
it is
look it was unusual for you to go ballistic when Kc 314.
Gone 116 since.
My point now same as then is its a long season but
Home for the weekend.
Top Gear marathon on Netflix time!
Thank you, Meg!
And Happy Mother's Day to you, too.
I don't think you've heard his new stuff  saw his new video yet.
lol : check him out.
He's going to make it
No but you can give him MVP
We are still taking applications for the Fremont Festival of Lights!
DM us for more information.
yaaaaaaaay!: now, tell me how Niall might follow you!:
And it's outta my room!
The whole place just brightened up.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Take measures now to ensure your good health and future.
Hi Wes!
Check out this article.
Thanks for the shout J!
Thank you!
It was a great event and we had a lot of fun putting the punch together.
See you soon!
Checking out Raphael saadiq at regency tonight.
Who's going?
If I was to do that, you wouldn't even care
send me an email
ExSun leaders disagree about Google39;s use of Java
I sure did.
In your professorssional opinions, how would you do an ask for recent college grads?
yep, I watch it sometimes.
But it somehow feels cheap, for lack of better words
: Bro...my stomach is killin me.
Ive been the bathroom for the past 30 minutes smh.
shitty booty ass lil boy
indeed.
They also showed the accident at the beginning of the race too.
Lots of wrecks that weekend.
on the coldest day of the year who would have thunk glad to hear
I know right!!..
Hairless is Best
10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Turn Me On
If youre gonna be a bear, be a grizzly.
Me: If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
: If you can dodge a wrench, you can CATCH a wrench.
: No..
Had a fantastic time at the 2011 NSCS Who's ready for Minneapolis, Minnesota next year?
FF  doing early because afraid I will forget to tweet tomorrow :
haha!
too funny..no comment
RT Next week on smallbizchat Eva Rosenberg shares How to get tax savvy in your small business
Thats great.
havent talk to you in a minute
: sadly, it ended.
Have u seen it yet?
Watching Iron Man feeling like a Coolcat ...
Yeahh 33
Big championchip hockey game thursday night and also last day at school pumped for this thursday!
if higher education is part of your research, check us out!
I need to hit the power ball or something so my lil girls dont need no one or nobodg
Any chance that they switched his and Yuni B's test results?
I mean Yuni was definitely on something
I have a great answer to your haircut dilemma...come and see me at www.hairinthecity.me.
I promise you won't be disappointed
Anyone else have prom today?
Don't forget to take advantage of our special this week buy 4 boxes of UV verified wristbands at get a FREE blacklight!...
itscrazyhow how i tried to do everything to see you smile but i got nothing
Tomorrow on NashvilleNights: !
Don't miss it!
7pm on TV, 7pm Eastern online!
It's a Persichetti tuba solo.
I mean, come on now.
Join us at CVS, 402 Gray Street FREE shredding, Customer Appreciation Day, Saturday, March 10 from 912
what?!
Why would they ever do that.
So stupid.
You'll have close to 80,000 thoughts going through your head TODAY  every day too much for just you ?
is it an app or setting?
you never know which will be the one :
Hnnnnng.
Those notes.
How do you like splashcube?
Never look back at your past : ,
Got em!
Coming over!
Theres always a little truth behind every 'just kidding' a little emotion behind every 'I dont care,' a little pain behind every 'Its okay
thanks Joe!!!
Thank you
I walked past the Sue Ellen Mischke of Milwaukee this afternoon on my way to the lakefront.
what kind of music do you do??
I thought the Minaj performance was the worse last night What was that?
when i knock on the door and my dad says what do you need?
then i'm just taking it easy.
it makes me think he's watching porn.
eew.
Please....
nothing but love for You know his music is my favorite.
Jeff: It's Rene from BFUU.
Hope ur panel in Hayward on Sunday went well!
Do happy to know you and your family, Jeff!
RT : Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue.
Oh, wait: me look in mirror.
Me actually blue.
Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
doctorary weather exacerbating my crummy mood.
Sleep deprivation, parenting challenges, and looming workload are weighing me down.
Naptime?
Thank you!
I was nervous if the yellow would work.
Can't believe what's happening
Creating a Corporate Social Media PR strategy  Many companies don't know how to response to negative comments in their Social Media posts
I tried the new LATimes app this morning and like it.
Improvement over previous version.
...
That's a long while from now.
Thanks for coming!
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily life is but a doctoram!
Never seen Love's shot this off.
His back hurting him.
i'll be back for this weekend but most likely have to be back down here by monday.
for real though come down on wednesday!
good luck!!!
He is risen
My mama just gets it.
Mobile law publishing made easy
Don't you hate it when you feel guilty about yourself because you weren't there for that special person and now there gone?
someone needs help with entertainment in Atl I referred you
ill catch a horse and buggy from cincinnati to watch the game wit you

neat, but again if I have ruled out say Scala on the server, I'll almost certainly rule out ML in browser.
omg!
That does look good!
It is making the decision to CHOOSE your thoughts.
This new thought will lead to productive action.
Just finished 1st Spiderman the movie with the kids  they wondered why there wasn't any singing in it like they saw on Broadway last week.
Think before you act and then act decisevely.Fortune favors the brave.
Ah, Louisiana Tech leaves the WAC, but New Mexico St.
could join the Sun Belt to replace Denver.
Gotta keep absurdly long commutes in place.
Glad you had a good time.
Wish I could have been there.
Everybody is out...
not me...
SUPREME BEATS!!!!!!!
I'm sorry...
Do you wanna talk about it?
Just watching tv, you?
:
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there, especially Gator moms!
Many thanks to you, really appreciate all of you coming.
Told u that u wouldn't die always positive big bear
: RT : .RT : Ray Allen said he's a go tonight
that's great and no problem:
and with only weak beer to liven things up.
:
Oh man I can't believe im missing This Year!!!
Its one of my favorite weeks in NYC!
what's ?
The Omega doctorve arc was cool, but the whole Maltese Falcon plot was a transparent device to bring Spidey, DD and Frank together.
agree that was huge Dust!
Great meeting you and hanging out.See you guys this summer.
Take care
so glad to hear directly that is AOK in Tucson.
So terribly sad.
haha dig that!
1 doctorfts at Ramada Tiki Bar all weekend long!
RT : Home builders and lenders gather to discuss when a recovery may materialize and the challenges that could bring:...
You wants us to pick a fav?
Eastern States, The Stanley and the Myrtles.
Yes, but in the same way you clap for athletes who leave field on a stretcher.
WORLDS easier.
On at 6:30 talking Romney/Liberty U RT : Tonight on the show we welcome Clarence Page, and
Thank you Calvin Johnson, won't be doctorfting you in
At egyptian doing work.
Stop by.
My ex wanna work it out, bitch, try yoga !
RT : RT : Hard work is relative to what you are accustomed to.
Ran around TLT in Austin this morning...great way to start the weekend.
RT : anyone know how to set up a blackberry?
NB I do.
: what part are you stuck on?
Is anyone going to play that audio file for The Dark Knight Rises backwards?
Paul is dead?
Whaaa?!
Interesting: Apple's iTunes U looks like it's taking on Blackboard of all things.
Here, here.
starting to think my addiction to sushi at lunch is on the serious side.
you better hope it grows back fast by Feb.
Hey I heard your doing the video Sunday.
I'll prob pick u up Saturday 2 get ur tiara
We wanna use the Red camera!
Any takers in the Austin area?
We'll give you free pizza ;D
What are your memories from Groundhog Day 2011?
I couldn't get out of my garage and had to walk a 1/2 mile in the snow to my ride to work.
fLako!!
Do it up
Fuck the mile is today, fuck!!
In a data 2.0 world we can now leverage multiple data points in tandem to help inform decisions around content and advertising.
Lol!
Those last four words instantly raise my blood pressure!...
That I don't know, I'd love to see it too!
Also, I wonder if John Elway ever thought twice about refusing to play for the Coltsjust like Eli with Chargers?
Two Peas in a Podcast.
no, that's Taylor.
He's on the floor now.
she's a part time smil HOW'D YOU KNOW.
STALKER.
Holy shiiiiit a Banksy2012 viral video would be amazing.
Genius.
I ALWAYS seem to send people what i try to tweet !
lmao grr
Hello!
I'm enjoying your tweets!
Found out yesterday we've had a Popeye's chicken in Sparks for over a month!
How could no one have told me this?!
google me...
umm everyone look in my photos LMFAO AH IM CRAZY.
yes us too!
Have to do it again soon...
Just read something about Tyler Perry flaming?
Again...
What's the story???
Tonight is the Assistant Director's retirement party.
No one is attending in order to actually say goodbye, more like good riddance.
It's already done.
It's finished.
I
RT : Moms: Take the time to renew your spirit and get inspired so that you can parent from your best.
Srsly, you're going to wanna stay up LATE tonight to get in on the fun.
Some people just fail at the game doctorw something...
just kidding only have been trying to get your attention for over a year BUT STILL i've failed
VERY awesome BMX session today except that my knees are literally humming...dogs are barking at my knees...my knees hurt is the main point
jesus that was funny.
Tomorrow should be very fun, I missed everybody
I'm super into product!
Last time I had one it was fiery red and I used sparkle gel every day.
I was in high school.
The habit of common and continuous speech is a symptom of mental deficiency.
Another packed day in the library  3 classes ; TC full ; all the tables overflowing with kids  whoohooo!
my favorite would have to be woe
raising hell whoa fuck yeah lol :
Food portions get bigger n bigger n cheaper!
Ppl cant jst have 1 slice of pizza,they gotta layer 3 on it!
n stuff it with sumthin
Everything we do directly reflects 1 core belief: it's ALL about JESUS.
He's our Champion/MVP, CEO  Leading Man!
He's ENOUGH!
Eric!
How's it going?
Follow me and you might as well follow my band here : Have a good week!
Pacers blow a beautiful opportunity to steal a game in Miami.
Danny Granger should be a really fun interview.
Heat take game 1 9586.
perfect example!
Thanks for the tip, will definitely feature this and add it to the station!
sounds like AWESOME British Library moment to me.
Jude the Obscurer
SAVE on select ARTOGRAPH products!
Special Rebates Available UNTIL 12/20/2009 with MailInRebate  VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate TODAY!

Does she come back smiling?
They always catch an attitude when I ask for no salt on my fries, bc they know they have to make fresh fries for me.
Too bad Auburn couldn't fit Russel Wilson under the salary cap, already another TD.
RT We can forgive a child whose afraid of the dark.
The real tragedy of life is when ppl r afraid of the light.
Plato
Celebratory welcome home meal with and at the best noodle bar in NYC.
And yes I ment to spell !
it's a safe bet that Obama's so called 'health care' plan is not in favor of the nation's health
Lol RT: Rest is over doctorams and destiny lay in front of us ninja focus is needed brennon voice step brothers.
Lol let'sgetit
hey I need to ask you something can you dm me your email when you get a chance?
Limobuses.com has rental low prices To Ontario Speedway In our team PB Party Bus transportation.
Call to Day 619.225.8466
its fine !
Just crashed my FATHER's car ...
whoopies ...
feeling particularly bitchy this morning...
maybe that's because i woke up thinking it was friday!
you never invite me to do anything!
you're a mean ginger!
don't worry I won't wear them in public.
I'm actually gonna try to care for the next 9 weeks.
RT : I'll be there.
Team's ramping up for SxSW and to come back to Seattle pulling triggers.
Excited to network...
behind you all the way.
You're my inspiration for success, CJ!
Kristi : Today is a new day.
Take a step forward :D
hey, I saw u went to the monsterball April 16th, I went that day too, did u fly down to Fl?
pay for my travel expenses!
Best run in NFL playoff history.
Prove me wrong.
RT : In fairness you guys, Ted Nugent plans on using Obama for food, not just for sport.
i shouldn't laugh but ..
Ok so everyone give me their favorite Dick Lit book.
I'm not giving up till I get piton the train
I wanna give a shout out to !!!!!!
Where did you hear that?
Dance  Everything 3
kk I hate them.
Badly.
Mostly 'cause I hate Aiji.
Aiji's a fucking dick.
A FUCKING ASSHOLE THAT CAN GO BURN IN FUCKING HELL.
Why were there a bunch of girls putting up the gang sign?
I'm so confused but I love it!
You make a fine corpse
Ciao belli, we are open and inspired by our great sandwich.stop by and grab a Puccia grub!!!
Cool.
I'll have to check it out.
My fav entrepreneurs
Great meeting you!
WINsconsin MT Great time organizing academy last wknd.
Great meeting 
All you broken hearts.
All you dejected doctorams, just let yourself be free, because even broken wings can fly away.
it seems to take a long time for we, as a nation, to be embarrassed.
Some men still have cell phones clipped to their belt.
you should start singing with the KVU Brody!
Edgerank sucks.
Just saying...
D Collins
Stake and shake is the greasiest shit ever!....but it was good 
let me know what you think!
NeverShouldYouEver walk out of the house with dirty shoes.
hit the lights
7am  my dad's already asking my brother if he wants pro help tweaking his curve ball  such.
baseballislife even for a grl
Awww...we're losing Astrobiology next year?
But that was one of my favorite journal titles that I didn't even know we had!
Thanks for the ff!
agree MT New Black Panthers aren't exactly making things better.
A bounty on Zimmerman?
Didn't this start with vigilantism?
check out the tweet that I just RT...
he is hilarious
I'm doing amazing 3 thanks for asking :
I think I half what ur looking for
RT : Because he's worth it.
You can get it at Cheer Up Charlies, East Side Showroom, Alamo doctorfthouse, Haddington's, and more...
With all the buzz surrounding the MegaMillions, have you ever won anything?
DON'T GO IN THE HOUSE  So much sympathy for an evil psycho it hurts.
The most depressing horror to feature a disco makeover scene.
It's gametime!!
Let's make it a 10 game streak!!
I look like a bum
Why so early?
The hours that make us happy make us wise.
John Mansfield
No thank YOU!
Congrats again!
RT: Thanks to all our Supporters and we couldn't have done it without New Orleans!
Putting an all points bulletin out for Daniel Snyder's brain....dude has officially lost it.
Houston students at Prairie View AM can text PVAMU to 90210 for mobile alerts on events  special offers from University Services
Psh, I'm learning ; and James lets make babies.
IT IS FINISHED.
Done with classes for my freshman year.
naptime hopefully to make me feel better 
I'll keep checking your site for NY dates or of course if/ when I'm out in L.A.
so feel free to harass me to buy tix :
If you say you're cooler than me...
Doesn't that make me hotter than you?
That wasn't very smart
I'd rather he did.
Nope.
That's a DC flick.
I like Watchmen though!
Happy Easter to you and your family!
RT Time to get this HW done...
Grad school sucks//it'll pay off one day boo!!
RT  I'm just trying not to be so judgemental.
I'm wearing a Miami Dolphins hat and listening to Dubstep.
This feels lik...
Thank you to all who are new to following me and those who continue!
who the fuck is anyway?
It's Inspire Your Heart with the Arts Day!
Stop by the library to grab a book, movie, or music and check out Barry Singer's artwork.
Just saw you on MLB Network with camera talking to Adams.
Back of your head has gone national!
Well he sucks at The Free Throw Line lol.
Both The Heat and Pacers missed so many FT shots
Alarm?
What alarm?
my niece just listed me as her aunt on fb, and suddenly I'm feeling like I'm 20 y.o.
older koprol.
TGIF and FF to all these wonderful peeps:
Checking SC, Augusta, Tenn, Atlanta, Alabama....
We do Passion Parties for YOU too!
Ask Me HOW!
Some people's kids....
Q to the twitterverse...is there a platform like Goodoctorads, but for movies instead of books?
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
what time is it?
time to get fucked up
Hm....
Mango martinis are tricky.....
They get you at the end.
Lol
Our ministry is blessed by wonderful donors.
Today we received a widow's mite.
Imagine what God will do with her gift!
Rejoicing!
That would explain the mysterious DM I got from you this morning.
no thank you
this is horrible can people treat others the way they would like to be treated
Jeannie Brooks is one of my musical heroines.
Allentown Symphony Hall was an abso killer gig!
Ppl were shouting during the tunes.
Yea!
Huguely in apology letter to Love found after her death..Alcohol is ruining my life
quit being a stereotypical UL fan.
Anyone in their right mine, me included, would love to be on KSTV.
Barkley wears sweats.
Stop.
shaking like a dog shitting razor blades  Alkaline Trio
It's a deal.
If I can get through that damn fence between Heinz and Gates, that is.
we love good day new York!!
: help support a new small business in nyc financial district
That's good!
Great Talk!
MT : Great turnout for Copyright 201: Authors Rights, Licensing,  Scholarly Communications talk by Madelyn Wessel.
new motto.
one life is not enough to be scared to say or do something.
Welcome, lady!
I'm in LA, so I've been there once or twice.
Seems very suburban.
End of my knowledge on the subject.
:
merci!
Wait I look like a French teacher??
Merry Christmas eve!
Line out the door luckily we scored seats!
You Do Like Tweet Why Not?
wondering how long you cried that night.
Looks like you were holding back.
Great show!
LMAO!!!
Eateuk is the only Suju member no one else know about :D
The weird part of your body that you wanna get pierced but don't even know what it's called..
lol smh
says that we cannot deregulate at the expense of our most vulnerable.
Hope u didn't burn anything dancin round ur kitchen!
; RT : Preparing dinner with the fam and listening to Robyn.
Baby everything tht i have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry, i'll b ther when your insecure, let you kno tht your always lovely3
I love it when my booty clap ;
Haha.
Ask your followers to follow meh:
My bed is so nice right now
Your best tweet ever.
I need a new photo shoot though
Just made my mom breakfast!
Im such a good son haha.
Happy Mothers Day mom.
:
Merry Christmas Pittsburgh!
Im super weird......
Any convenience store that requires the customer to wear pants isn't convenient at all.
your welcome.
What?
A hungry girl has to eat.
Don't judge me!
Lol!
I'm in so much pain
MT Flanagan NAICU: We need 2 think long term; look at poverty rates, k12 pipeline;  think about knowledge economy.
I just saw your tweet and kissed my phone.
That's Caron Butler's handle, such a class act.
RT : Much respect to Memphis and there fans
I saw Elle at the Chateau Marmont in Hollywood in December.
She's lovely!
finally finished this essay
Antiques and Art Appraisal Luncheon back in Medford  Medford Sun
Thanks to for having your office party at Scotland Yard Pub.
Love hosting you and hope to see you soon.
MTbank
doctoramt that Barack Obama gave me his halfeaten lunch.
An all I could think about was tweeting, I ate the president's lunch  literally!
RT : And wtf would we do in Texas that we can't do in DC?
or Cali lol
It is too early.
Happy Thursday...aka Happy Beer Day
striaght hip hop
it was like that for NYC yesterday
Looking forward to the new year and all the positive things to come!!
SO early to be at school!
Heavenknows I just got a good laugh in from a text that someone just sent.
At Red Robin getting my free bday burger and the bonzai is pretty delish
HEY SHOULD ME AND MAKE A MUSIC VIDEO OR DANCE VIDEO TO SaySomethin???: RT for dance favorite for music:
: Terrific performance!
Enjoyed the play.
RT : Each n everyday...productivity is a must!!
I gotta make sum'n shake
looking for votes on direction of market monday???
You are really having a Tebow orgasm right now.
Stop in THE CUT and get a official hair cut.......taper,mohawk,design....well have you looking fly
I did last night :
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
The new Fridays menu is almost here!
Which dessert will you order first, the IceCream Strawberry Shortcake or the Salted Caramel Cake?
Conflict in Park Plans Brooklyn Bridge Park, which opened its first phase in 2010, is scheduled to open a new pier and a footbridge betwe
I don't know why Aladdin is trending, but it's one of my favorite Disney movies!
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue.
Softball game at 8 at Penn Hills Park!
Talk time with and ??
Failing at Mario Cart ethic daddy :
Like an hour or do.
Where do you live?
We're soexcited too!!
RT : they're building a naked pizza in Lincoln park in Chicago!!!!
how much is cody's ep?!
i wanna buy it saturday so i can meet him..
There are few things I hate more than single girls with wedding boards on Pinterest.
16Charles WoodsonCBGreen Bay Packers
Is it over yet?
I would also settle for fries or possibly a baked potato.
Again, I model my life after the three C's: Canadian Club and Copenhagen.
HIS VOICE!!!
fuck it gonna get tatted up
Barriers to making stuff?
What do librarians do?
What is our role in the community?
libmade ENGAGE ENGAGE ENGAGE your staff/community!
Cute goodmorning texts 
i dont like school
If WISCONSIN was like this every March then I wouldnt think about moving SOUTH!
Holy Shit Barbara Walters arms are long
haha how sweet
Shane Vereen is a great value pick in the middle of the first round of rookie doctorfts
What you call dog with no legs?
Good to see you all on twitter!
Not ready to go back to school tmister
omg i would absolutely buy some.
so delicious.
There goes that bottle of wine
Silveira pledges to continue strengthening our schools and support ALL students.
I CANT BUY MY TICKET?
DID VIPNATION CRASH
Really miss my cat Simba.
It breaks my heart everyday that I don't have him with me.
:
I need to think of some really clever tweets for
You do realize the mini giraffe was a hoax right?
why you say that?
Braves win.
accessibility to an education of reality to allow people to comprehend the truth and make decisions results in good for self and all
Scan days are stressful, always that big sigh when the doc calls with good news.
improvaganza is amazing!!!
Thanks for bringing your improv back to us!!
You should buy them in another color if you got a 2 syllable damn.
my last tweet before I go to sleep.
follow me??
lots of us ladies are loving it :
oh wow!!
What class?
You can have your phone out?
:P
The next big thing in fish farming?
The National
so how many will win by next week?
I'm going with 3 to be on the conservative side.
Good weather always makes me want to shop.
I've heard they're good live.
I don't listen to Muse or Bright Eyes.
Hhah
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
We'll be rolling around too!
RT : Meet us at cathedoctorl square for streetfoodfriday 112pm!
Getting Sleepy but I wanna stay up and have late night convo with oomf ha
We go for a walk in the park even though it's fucking freazing outside
for Founders event : Happy PCBW everyone!
With so many events to choose from, which are you starting with today
Was that Bone Crusher on my tv?
Oh and I've got a cover on my Facebook page!
Zaona Lanaye Curenton is my FB name!
If you add me tsll me if u a fan or not.
Zaona
Ahh, I'm just boring as fck!
doctornk that wine you guys brought.
Two glasses made me really tipsy.
Good stuff!
I aint even sat down yet and he dunkin people smh..
Bummer day has turned into bummer night.
Boo.
Sometimes people just say things that hurt us.
Just keep going and you will get there.
Arrived in Denver for aejmc10  presenting on Friday!
Darrel SAVE ENERGY.
How would you like if somone turned you on and just left you there?
TBailey
Sitting alone at lunch m/
A2 I prefer to get my doctornk on at a solid local bar before hitting the clubs.
Personal faves, or
If we were comparing roads to diseases, I95 south would be the bubonic plague right now.
Could be a big inning for the Giants.
3 straight hits and 2 runs.
Giants now lead 31.
I'm glad I put a smile on my baby face tonight..told him let the bs go.Make ur money boo.
I love Muenster cheese so much.
Oh, wait.
That's .
I was beyond fucked up lol that was this weekend at the tellys
lol so what did you fo besides union today
Wanna know a secret!?
Anyone!?
If so..
then retweet me saying u want to know!
Thanks for following us.
Please tell your friends about us.
Mark
ATL has a lot of good music  people, it would be a pleasure to visit again!
: RT : Come back to ATL soon!
I...
she's annoying lol
'Why no Wifi?
I want to FaceTime in the woods.'
Honor, Respect and doctorams Today.
sorry used the wrong twitter hah
my favorite snack.
Ever.
If you don't like shellfish you get no sympathy from me.
I was allergic to it for most of my life till about a year ago.
RT : Anyone see the new UPS ad where a delivery guy backs over Secretariat and burns down Abraham Lincoln's lob cabin?
no its not.
Countdown until I see ypu??
Momma  stepdad is leaving Friday Morning !!!!!
New FL panhandle shows announcing this week!
Going to be a fun summer!
Ceiling Cat pwns all.
He pwns teh ceiling and teh floor and walls too.
Forevur and evuhr.
Amen.
aww I do wish I was there!
Good Day, Tweeple!!!!!!
How is everyone doing?
Putting you out of sight never meant I put you out of my mind
bitch I didn't even ask u 2 come 2 my house
and we bet you feel great!
See u on the mat!
Working on a project w/ JM  Nick...missing the rest of the boys of AG crew
wat's better etc....all types of funny shit lol u'll see I'll start a funny argument 2morrow w/ my homie Los he luv 2 argue
double parked over two handycapped spots...at a church
I think Dylan is having that too!
He was eating bacon in his blog!
:
: your so right babe
wat it do my niggas ready to burn one wit the fam and my man
thats not racist at all..
but if a white person said all these black people started following me, it'd be racist right?
I agree.
Was in NYC last weekend and was very sad I missed this.
I hope it's fun!
me to RT : I want whatever jobs the Never Miss A Super Bowl Club guys have.
You're far away  if you can't see my face.
If the world is cold but the sun shines the same.
Shut your eyes, there are bluer skies.
Outside x its cold, I'm in sweat pants nd Brendon's sweater :D
aw that is soo cute:
Why is it so easy to recognize your flaws but not those of others?
My first presidential library visit!
in Little Rock.
your gorgeous and I get called ugly all the time I cried today for a long time because I am realy sensitive
RT : museums show us that a better and more compassionate future is possible.
at
lmao that's some funny shizz!
Tried the cream ale last night.
It's already got some carb and it tastes awesome!
Double pitch is where it's at!
Happy Pride Long Beach!
EqualityTV will be filming today and we've got a special surprise planned.
Want to share YOUR Pride experience?
Jus
Lol i'll probably be nearly 50 by the time it happens.
But what an awesome thing to witness in our lifetime!
:D
tastemakersKS that is what socialcommerce IS..
The value of your brand, and how you can use it to your advantage.
candy man mary jane girls
Are you Looking for a way to Manage your Social Media Presence?
Call5922972
There's a new Ace of Base single out.
I'm hallucinating this right?!
RT : So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.
Just hung out with Batman!
Lose the egg, Shine cc
Had my head buried in work for 2 days  now I understand the guy at the end of Owner Of A Lonely Heart
hey sht head, shut your mouth and do something productive with your time.
what you're doing right now is BS and you know it.
Chilling with shwaay
do it
If you ain't help me make it, then don't tell me how to spend it
I feel so close to you right now 
I don't understand.
Im sorry I just wassssnt paying anttentionssss.
words to live by
I have wished to know why the stars shine
it iz....
But we gotta instigate unity with our movement so we can reign n the Midwest n hold the game as long as the South
there in spirit!!!!
Hahaha.
You and my name.
Call me whatcha want I dont give a finger in the middle

Lol.
I told you the Express ones were boxer briefs.
We want to watch on a TV not a tablet or iPhone.
Watching TV on the computer is not enjoyable.
Why buy XBOX when have ROKU?
Thanks to all who came out to the opening!
If you didn't make it, come out the after party at Cheer Up Charlies at 10pm!
And he's married to Maggie Gyllenhaal.
So he has good taste.
would you be upset with me If I threw a potato at you that said  I love the Irish?
I hope not, cause I just might : jk ily
lol now I probably have bird flu.
Did you read those two chapters in English?
I believe in love at first sight because i've been loving my mom since i opened my eyes.
doctornkin Beer and Wastin Bullets is such a classic.
someone should text me : ask fo the numbaa.
Spring where are you?
I know, bummer.
If you're going to send me a follower request, please for the love of cthulhu send me a message first
Zombie Land  Bad ass!!
Time to get my paint game right.
Suggest Three Septembers and January, the Emperor Norton story from Sandman
Hi!
Looking forward to your posts!
:
yall really got the moat random dog lmao
Even though I don't know what she's saying, I'm just going to RT everything says
I feel better.....
Tank god.
I feel the same way Lol
Q2 See, in the city, I don't want comfy furniture.
I have to think, Someone's gonna pee on that.
Off to the city :b
We have a winner!
RT : it was commissioned to celebrate the centennial of the Statue of Liberty
Ray Allen was trending earlier.
Now Jerry Stackhouse.
When are Glenn Robinson and Sam Cassell gonna trend?
it is, I dare say for many of us, both
Hey all!
RT : whendiditbecomecool to be mean?
sigh Glad I missed out on that.
Not sure what I'm winning by tweeting thevegasbash...can it be to have not show up?
: C'mon Caps!!!!!!!!
I like that RGIII is already rooting for DC teams
I'm with nd
haha I'm coming!
Hope I don't doctorwn.
Shake are u gonna get a table too?
Where is the pig, where is the pig?
Where is the pig, where is the pig?
Happy birthday to my favorite Uk player of all time,
It is a good rifle, and kilt the bear that kilt me.
Anyway, I am dead.
Sincerely, Hatchet Jack.
I'm posting because told me to share my annoyance that the Ebisu Garden Palace closed before I could ever get to it.
well I still think she's a little nutty.
What is it?
have not seen it either; I'm good buddies with his agent who passed along that news to me last week
OMG.
They said one guy gets to come back!
It has to be David!
The crackup: His mouth opened to make a wordless noise that could have been anything, a yes, a no, or both.
Gresham, NIGHTMARE ALLEY
Whoops I forgot  never break a rule.
Thanks!
Happy Friday.
agree  best results out of classroom or structured enviroment
lettuce, tomato, avocado.
I add corn salsa from Trader Joes to mine.
It's too spicy for the wee ones
Today is yell at day..
I'm about to have it..
what is your opinion?
I have learned to use the word 'impossible' with the greatest caution.
following u follow back
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
School tomorrow boo!
The math teacher is going to start talking about pie again and that makes me hungry for pie.
ggrrrrrrr
on iCarly right now, then SNL at 11:30.
What a great night :
Oh its a damn shame you don't live out here.
You'd be taken care LOL
they obviously aren't familiar with the concept, either.
what am I : RT:: Wish I had someone to watch movies with..
Its a beautiful Seattle day  how are you taking advantage of the sun?
Im about to turn into an icicle .
This class is to cold !
:
I just wasn't taught to politely pretend to be nice to people I can't stand
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Gripit Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Every defeat, every heartbreak,every loss,contains its own seed,its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.
O.
Mandino
want those chores done?
Lol
Added some new shows to the schedule, check'em out
RT: Who my twitter world got in the playoff games today!?!
Bears/Jets....leegggggooo
Wonderful to visit with Tracy Stober and Clark Sorenson of JKS today, and to meet other Koreanists!
Please remember to recycle your Christmas trees in the proper place, you can take them to San Diego State parking lot D off of Alvarado Rd
sometimes I doctoram of having a normal 95 job, and then I realize how bored I would get.
open an art gallery, a nonprofessort, a publishing company whatever.
You can be  do what you want just play pleasant.
Thank you so much.
We're working on our EP now.
It has a few new songs on it.
Say what?
RT Slap my el...
Slap my bow...
Slap my elbow
Waking up to the last day of testing
Just wanted to thank u for having me present not one but TWO topics this year : Beyond awesome!
make sure you know how to say it in español and you don't have your phone out.
She's a crazy one
We're throwing a big Memorial Day Festival at Marble on May 28th.
Want to join us?
Adam on Chelsea Lately made me fall off the couch in laughter.
XD
When I wake up Saturday I will be in the best mood a human can be in
Gotta have it
i forgot like everything today .
Sending a warm hello to our newest followers!
will do!!
Such a great talk
I hate hospitals..
Best rose bowl ever
Waiting for a text 
cocktails at the dot for keefs bday tomorrow night!!!
yes please do!
I'll add.
It's never the perfect time to start something
LMAO oh here we go again lol
Congrats Grizzlies!!!
Amazing team!
Love to see the underdog making it to the top!!
hey can u plz follow me and are u and the boys going the tour the usa in the future?
:x
Theater is a collaborative art.
And YOU are mistaken.
Most theaters are rather small orgs, like chamber music groups.
I think I was broke that time.
So I'll blame my wallet.
Independent of me.
The awkward momment when your tired and can't fall asleep.
No.
9 Pittsburgh trails Long Beach State, 4536, at halftime; watch live on ESPNU
yeah you called me a bitch.
What's up with that?
My Statistics face....
O.o
It will be movie night I'd I can actually find a movie
your pineapple coconut water satisfies my sweet tooth  my thirst!
I'm in love!
One last tweet before I get famous!
it was nice to meet ya this morning!
Thanks for coming!
haha the more you know xD thanks.
I really needed to know that .
haven't had my touch screen..now I do n I'm having a wanting to be social moment lol
caught in thee act!

who had the idea to make this o.O???
thanks for making an audio recording of faculty session on reengineering.
Pittsburgh Is, indeed, a great place to incubate and innovate.
Thanks for noticing!
turn up.
Getting ready to take wife to airport this morning, much too early to be up and moving!!!!!
Coffee
make a doctornking game out of it!
:
Cuz its a bittersweet symphony this life...
Good question from How does preservation stop being a movement and make it something that we just all do?
Close.
Cutting wood all day can tend to make you a little mad.
;
Hope you're ok!
Xoxoxo
Ok dog, but how about dawg instead?
Unfortunately, as a chronically employed nonnarcoleptic it happens...
Thanks for the EXCELLENT WORK btw, it is appreciated!!!
what do you need me to do hun?
you know you can trust me
until she gets a twitter I'm just gonna make up a twitter account for her...
GET A FUCKING TWITTER!
Hmhurt
Republican Asked To Resign After Red Light District Photo Surfaces huffpost The Party of Family Values!
Whats up with park patrol putting tickets on every car for blocks around Lake Calhoun today?
Something going on?
he's amazing: he changed my life3
Thanks for the great webinar, Buffy  lots of great ideas and points to ponder
Happy Birthday to me lol!!!!!!
:D gonna be 16 pretty soon
Guns  Horses: Watching Kentucky Derby coverage before heading to shooting range.
AND it's Cinco de Mayo!
50th anniversary submariner with the green face.
Big hunk of change!
they making it dog.
Black L the man
Madeline Forester CD release party Friday April 10th.
Free show, should be awesome.
Some fantastic artists all at 1 venue.
Boulder  Brooks.
For every 5 donated to our film gets you a ticket in a doctorwing for a NEW Ipad2 www.indiegogo.com/thefateofphoenix
Bruins Caps tied at 1 after two periods.
Here.
We.
Go!
Finally named a Ped Pal that best describes my personality Yes I confess, I am a Soap Slut smells like yummy sweet Apricot Fressia yikkes
hey china i love that name and i was wondering how old are you???
this andoctorid is awesome lol
RIP Cliff Robertson.
Native son of La Jolla passes away at 88.
Watch PT109  visit Soledad Memorial plaque in his honor.
Praise God!
excellent!
love you leslie!
It didn't even rain today.
IT'S HOT AS FUGE OUT THERE lolol
So they say I'm gaining weight that's what happiness do to 
Yeah, that sounds abt right!
cool just let me know i got you
my giants are going to win.
Also big shout out to my main man for running the NYC marathon.
We'll spar soon
Ijustloveitwhen someone feeds me :
First break of the game.
The Aztecs trailing the Broncos 67
That's the American Way, don't u know?
Corruption only works if u pay off BOTH parties!
not even..I texted you back the other day
wishing my momma a happy Mother's Day!!
agree in screening our film?
On Twitter for the first time
For some reason I'm not sleepy...
Just Lyrics tonight 7 to 10.
Good looking band coming on around 8:30.
Check website www.randomisterw.wordpress.com.
rock it, girl!
why is my room the coldest one in the house l:
I watch u daily.
But u will 1 day realize that ppl dont pay attention to the Kellers of the world.
Home from the cruise...back to reality
meant he's in Ohio.
Argh.
First he's dead then he's in Ohio.
Don't know which is worse?
Turf toe you can get from any sport...
Not just in football.
It's like a strain in your big toe.
when you're busy making other plans I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round n round
: Oregon's facilities are amazing.
I can see why people would want to come here for the cool factor.
sportsbiz//try okla st
open today, Sunday, May 6 from 10A to 5P for early voting.
Come by after church services or brunch.
We'd love to see you!
Excellent expose on the economic impact of sky high energy costs
If you do the Polar Plunge, you deserve to throw on
I'd catch a grenade for you!
Normal people: Awhh!
Me: WHY WOULD PEOPLE THROW GRENADES AT ME?!
I want to see some more senior pranks.
Have you ever tried talking to someone in a club/concert?
Yeah its hard.
Calm the fuck down about it.
This asshole exboyfriend who inspired this album needs a grammy and a thank you, show him some love Adele!
is even her book green?
That would be impressive.
Rock it, sista!
Thanks for the Lynyrd Skynyrd GodGuns tip.
Epic album and rare that I like every track.
Dark Side was the last time.
Yay!
RT : Did you get tix for LACMAThroughTheMic w/ 3MG on Thursday?
Hope so, because it's sold out.
Can't find the cat brush.
I bet the dog ate it.
I wish I could take it out of his allowance!
This is my alone time with Sylvia...
no brush.
I make the best grilled cheese ever ;P
so you are after the phones of all Americans ?
ha ha
: I caught the last minute of it  wondered where it happened?
one on Mayson Ave.
Then a second one on Hawthorne St.
Is it just me or does Russell Brand look like a crazy serial killer?
Big daddy kane
Ran into the wrong mf today
Apparently, when I say I work for myself it comes out as, I have nothing else to do but talk to you all day.
Degrees aren't required in the film industry.
What you need is professorssional training on feature films, which is what we offer.
The best things in life aren't things 3 I could never remember this till the day I got your love 3
Red, white or blue  which patriotic color is your favorite fashion color?
re: how to refer to usability testing: keep it as generic/neutral as possible: session, study, evaluation, meeting
Reza: Has your recent relationship w ur father broadened the outlook in the Persian comm to accept people more for who they are?
But today is errand day!
First on the list getting my hair done before our engagement pictures on Sunday.
RT : Silver lining of a Rose Bowl loss for Bucky?
Last time that happened, the Packers won the Super Bowl
So one of the benefit of being unemployed right now..
watching as much MARCH MADNESS on TV as I want!!!
Back from Los Angeles
there's stories to tell, we been through it all.
just DM'ed you!
I would buy those just to wear around Christmas time.
March 6, 2004.
A water taxi capsizes in the harbor, killing five.
Gotta do My hair.

The NFL Schedule released today, which game are your most looking forward to?
is reading the Elections Canada Act.
Say what u want about how often we use it but Canada has a great electoral system.
Just announced!
Arma is playing SXSW week in Austin TX!
Wednesday 3/16, 6:30 at the Trophy Room
do you consider yourself a good bowler?
That awkward moment when you can't hear someone so you just laugh and nod your head and hope it wasn't a question.
seriously a treat.
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always winsnot through strength but by perseverance.
H.
Jackson Brown
Watching cupcakewars makes me want to bake tons of cupcakes.
If I were to move, ima make sure I dont coming back
Running Quote: Running is the greatest metaphor for life, because you get out of it what you put into it.
Oprah Winfrey
All of em?
Damn.
I'm a beast.
Thank you Lauren!
Wonderful to meet you.
supposedly chopped onion, garlic, ginger, chutney, soy sauce, mustard, worcestershire sauce, ketchup, and wine.
Like to see bubba pull this off
awesome!
We hope you enjoy the blog!
And George C.
is pretty cool too....
is it done?
Lucky guess.
: It's Friday night!
Bet you've got pub crawling on your mind ;
These last 2 losses have made me angry!
finally put some music together until the site is done, check it out at http:/myspace.com/zacyoung.music...
enjoy!
YES!
can't wait!
RT : Well just wait till I start playing virtual Barbie with !
Home Sweet Home, where you can look ugly, enjoy it, and fan girl over Justin...
Workin on a new song and its sounding b.e.a.u.tiful!
Overheard in NYC Thai Restaurant at 11pm ...
'I'm definitely going to have to go get Botox soon.
A lot of it.'
Dear Ladies sitting behind me: it is just FAB that you are so rich  entitled to so much.
Sorry you're persecuted for your wealth.
But shh!
Ya buddy!!
Let's get it!
heres to enough shots to keep the place afloat.
Lee Bruce thurs and my mini celebration sat night.
Whewww, thank goodness!
I burn pretty easily myself.
Stood outside yesterday for an hour and my shoulders are pink!
: I am not in the mood to learn anything new in school.
comeonnow wereallydontcare summer
doctorp by our stand, number D350, for some of our latest releases!
Fun fact: The USS Constitution once took over a Whiskey Distillery in Scotland, stealing 40K gallons of scotch
yeah :/ RT : Lol, I guess you meant you saw a dude with cornrolls  RT : I just a dude with cornrolls
Sensing some jealousy.
Are you upset you didn't get some free delicious tea?

unemployed, sadly
More MHM advocates r arriving.
Press conference is on Saveourclinics OChi MHMChicago 
: FatGirls hate the song Work out by J.Cole lmfao the best one yet!
Ha!
I slept through most of New Mexico.
Thankfully, I wasn't doctorving.
u look thick ass hell I would boat you!
The Dignity Must Return of African and AfricanAmerican Educators  doctor Sharon Minor King
Do it!
Do it!
Do it!
Finally in their place
: Leyland confirms Doug Fister will more than likely start Monday in Seattle.
Tigers YES!!!
Thanks so much!
Everyone follow my bro
Trust me...we will.
I want my shit done first before starting that!
lol
you too cute shorty:
Might take you up on that offer lol.
Sorry, I'm not doing a good job tweeting this great talk  so will hold off, but 
I swear that takes my breath away.
ima a girl.
i overreact.
i underestimate.
i overestimate.
i over think everything.
i doctoram big.
and when i say i love you, im not lying.
i dont get how she so famous on twitter she only met Justin bieber that's it she don't know him personally u kno duh.
Enjoying listening to at the IU Libraries Inhouse Institute
What Happen To Jerking That Used To Be The Shit..!
You'reAJerk
thx and there is SO much good off road
There's a spider in my room so I'm scared and decided to sleep in the living room.
LOL!

Breitbart is a joke.
And a liar.
How anyone can support Breitbart is beyond me.
Jellyfilled donuts from the Mennonite store are THE BEST.
thanks for coming!
Good to see you!
missing your chance..
perfect time to head to xfinitylive to party
oh well I thought u would know since it has a picture of u in it
Thank You Father For Your Gifts And Talents Given To Me.
I Present Them Before You.
I Walk In Increase As Your Son To Expand Your Kingdom!
lol.
Who put you on cwaig!
P.s I'm hitting u up this weekend about the trip
Working on website for new tub/tile/sink resurfacing business in Louisville.
Let me know if you're interested in their services!
Gr8 people!
Breakout sessions: XML in same room on 1st floor; Oral History and Omeka sessions are on 2nd floor, someone will point the way.
great movie and I'm British haha!..
Norman Reedus and Flannery did a great job!
Terry  I am catching up late  but know from life that Fats Waller helps.
Always.
My grandfather Carleton taught me so!
just sent you the email!
See you there!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that never shuts up long enough about their life for you to tell yours
YES HAYLEY.
MOTHER FUCKING YES.
ok?
YES.
not no.
YES.
This fog makes me horrified that I'll turn a corner and be attacked by zombies.
Take the 2012 WOMAN Challenge.
This is challenge is much like the Presidents Challenge with a little twist.
Meet your physical and...
good luck
Sounds fun.
RT : BurgMYT Score 9.
Had 1.5 hour intense dance class for fun exercise and managed to eat well.
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me36
hahaha you're welcome ;
Irish American Images calenderfor on LuLu.com with beautiful images for 2012
Warm tonight!!
I hope this great weather holds up!
: sunshine goodnight folks!
I had pretty close to an emotional meltdown when I realized that i forgot my mm cookie from corner bakery on the table
Congratulations!
RT : Named Business of the Year by Fishers Chamber of Commerce.
Very cool!
Not at the table carlos!
That's acceptable.
Go Ducks!
Ok, I might have jumped the gun on the website later this week post.
LOL Our Digital Media company just called concerned.
Ha!
Yes, there's that for sure!
RT : Hurdle for me as tech dir was always admins superscared of social media
Breakfast makes me sleepy
Woke up and Looked in the mirror said Wassup
Homework flow
I didn't know people still took the WWE seriously...Oh, that was the GOP debate?
My bad.
The Heat are on a mission!
you should live tweet yer date...
I hear that always goes over well
Friday Night Live  Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar 8:30pm Oct.
16th featuring Jesse  AndoctorwClassic rock to the newest hits.
Cheers!
Regional TODAY!!!
some of us are single because we are in the process of finishing up with our Master's Degrees and preparing for our PhD's.
XO
correction: freezer
I can't wait to join
Thx love!
will I see you on Saturday?
I love the sun and everything but this is really hot
Sings out loud I GET SO LONELAY!
CANT LET..
JUST ANYBODYHOLDME
Barrett just said he won't be beholden to out of state special interests like Walker.
Does he not want Union money?
You are amazing!
I have never been so happy to see my big king size bed goodnight ;
Pizza and movies at our house tonight.
What are y'all doing this weekend?
get an inbox, ppl!
The online shopping experience is visually stunning  for a minute I thought I was on !
Joe says he is officially retired.
Maybe that's code for 'he can't beat me' LOL Just Kidding
So be sure when you step, step with care and great tact.
doctor Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!
When we watch the ICONic Boyz dance without Vincent...
I can't even right now.
or go on a oneyear sabbatical every 10 years!
The Europeans seem to have a much better grasp of this.
we need to start focusing on what this stuff means to a broader set of people.
miracle cure is distant future; respect relevant now.
Absolutely.
After all, we both want vodka.
Clearly it was meant to be.
So...do you have more than one couch?
This week is awful and it's only Monday.
your new twitcon is really cute :
Hey Check out our new track on our Facebook when you get the chance :
that picture needs a cat
Tap now...on me
WORLD PEACE
What a way to end the year..
married my best friend !
Happy New Year to all!!
God bless!!
honeymoonhangover ;
u dont love nobody
I'm addicted to words with friends.
had not planned on it  I don't recall getting an email.
Maybe I missed it!
Is it a good one?
OMG I FEEL SO EMBARRASSED.
Charlotte, North Carolina
you sound colder than we do in AK!
Now on to the chocolate sauce.
Wish you were here!
Atta girl, Desi.
The sun will come out, tomorrow!
hey you there?
Aaaaahh so that's what he meant by invisible childoctorn
pretty sure sex class teach was supposed to email us too...
great background...
Today I need a flashlight.
I've been there three times now and it's amazing!
So dangerously close to work...
Chrysler's gonna be pissed.
Yup.
Our two 2012 presidential candidates have thoroughly evolved on this MarriageEquality issue, Only in reverse!
Ha!
good article.
Hope all is well with you and the hubby.
Enjoying CA I'm sure.
I know I would be.
thanks i am trying to get rid of my belly fat what should I do
Trying out Workflowy, UI and tutorial is very nicely done, think I'll start using this instead of Google docs from now on
Thanks for the RT today!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Mark Wickard Rising 11th East Lansing, MI Travel Team: Elite Nation Point Guard 60
Good example  some of the longer clips Rob has put together are very good
same, the 20th.
interesting tidbit: was reading hardt  negri's book 'commonwealth' and your aunt irene was cited.
fun fun!
Every time I've gone to recently that song has come on.
It makes me dance in my chair.
: 
I'd be more into CSNY if the Crosby had been Bing Crosby.
yeah no more baby cay :
:O Thats A Waste of Cake.
Nice to meet you too.
Yep, that's me...
always ready to give some blog love ;
If God didn't plan on using u to score for Him, nobody  nothing would be tryin to block ur shot
Why live my personal values at work?
This is an excellent question to ask.
If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
We only called him that when he was in trouble.
Hummus  champagne to celebrate the end of the semester.
Why don't more people stay in school, again?
Chuck, was great 2 meet u last wk.
Congrats on the new gig!
Would love to tell u more re: our social enterprise.
Pls DM w your email
Shout out to my main man, Devin Hoeper for doin the awesome work he's been doin, lining up shows and recording and what not!
Probably didn't need that last shot of moonshine.
I've been wanting to go have doctornks at Magic City.
We just might run into John Secada or Albita!
YUP!!!
MEETING A COUPLE HOMIES OUT HERE

at amazon.com..What Does It Take To Be A Black Man?
RT New episode Giuliana  Bill 2night on STYLE  8/7c.
One of our fav episodes!
Retweet to win signed copy of our new book:
: Thanks for the follow  and following back.
Look forward to receiving your tweets!
Just one month till much anticipated mixtape HatersMotivation is released .
POM on sale at Target.
May treat myself with a cocktail or two tonight.
hey nice to see you here!
:
30 miles to Portland.
What a night.
Boston, you have our heart.
You always did.
Until next time, old friend.
work that foursquare !!
I'm glad to have search engines to check if a phrase has been used.
One App Wonders For a minute I was quite clever!
My ears are bleeding please make it stop!
if you have on your social media you guys are in good hands
the only bad part is its staying on my record
wish we could have been there Brie!
Have fun for us!
yd
You don't love me, big fucking deal.
I'll never tell you how I feel.
outside!
Been in an office too long!
thanks Nana..
Love you too!!
What sites/apps do you use for that?
Socrative?
Whatever !
Don't listen to him.
Am I supposed to tell you it's good not to want to go to school?
No!
I'm not
So exciting!
Hope everything goes great for you!
this title changing crap is so annoying.
Seeing the title change this much makes me want to stop watching.
thanks to Noah for sharing his birthday with Ethiopian orphan relief!
That's some serious bricks be donated!
Rocking my Money Gettin Kids shirt to skew todae s/o to Damon Steen MGK Clothing.
thanks so much for your support!
muchlove :
thank you!
Rihanna To Be The Fast Six Villain?
that was scary as hell...
Setting up for the NCAA today, walkthroughs tomorrow and open practices Wednesday!
Hanging out at the Westminster Flower and Jazz Festival this morning for Carroll Counts.
Stop by!
I understand that you're trying to make me jealous .
It's not working
Real woman now how to cook!!!!
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
subscribe for what
Did not see your Facebook invite request yet.
...
Grin.
...And on December 9th, 2009, all of mourned the snow day that could have been.
It was great meeting you, Jenny!
RT My brain is still jampacked with comedy theory  practice thanx 2
Do you think the Love Guru will make a cameo?
Or will he be the villain?
Banner: Tomorrow the doctoram comes true.
God bless America.
varsity cheerleader with my best friends and 
Dear Mitt and Ann: Don't say Trump or money.
Thanks, , although I'm biased towards BloomingdaleDC ;
Ello Twitterverse, I'm teaching a class at next week  need some kidfriendly Legomation videos for examples.
Have any gems?
ohh ok!!
yay!!
love you!
x
Revised a talk today to include references to Steven King, Gingrich, and Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Killer.
Feel much better now.
MyPastRelationships Taught me how to act, what not to put up with, taught me patience, made me sweeter, and meaner at times.
Talladega gets ready for the Ballad of Kurt Busch
Don: Lots of people who haven't taken LSD already know that, Roger.
Klout believes you are influential in Steak.
They just make this shit up, right?
: Oh no another wolfman came up to me and now he's trying to eat me.
Go away Wolfman.
Ouch.
Stop biting me!
APRIL FOOLS!
lunch this week or next?
i want to hear about your new years :
no, I misspell and get pissed even more at myself.
I was originally just blowing you shit by being a smartass.
justpainted my nails and probly not going to school tomorrow!
Weekly special: 59 Sky  Sea Facial.
60 minutes of pampering!
Add a peel for only 20.
I love the feeling of not having to set my alarm and waking up at 2:30 in the afternoon
The Chemistry of Lifewe are all connected; to each other biologically, to the Earth chemically, and to the rest of Universe atomically.vSB
Roast Coffee, its on Maryland and Locust.
Delicious breakfast sandwiches!
All work meets Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards.
she loves you too
Did i read that correctly, or does anyone give a fuck?
I think forgot what date we set for Tennis!!
I found that there are a couple places in LA that can be shot looking like they are Australia...
1 could cut together stuff...
can't wait to see her room!
Twitpic it....
Awesome, enjoy!
Just wanted to thank you for your AMAZING presentation at GBS!
My mind  my business have both been transformed forever!
Follow me My old account was for demo for class only!
Because words are small...
We do have some merchants currently using BoA, so you should be good to go with them!
umm joy thats fine and all but i umm think you just put your arm in dog poop.
Me and my friends are sitting in our school auditorium in a high school right outside of Nashville, wishing you were here t ...
special skills RT : Where do you put that on your resume?
Hey man it's been a while.
We should hang out soon!
Going to have nightmares of IU, Baylor, Louisville, and FL.
FML.
We're lucky that it always is around here!
Cheers to you!
hi u still in Florida message me
I did not tweet Boiler Up.
Looks like I have to think of a two digit password to stump my Purdue friends
OH MY GAWD!
Abby I'm using my iPod and keep getting notifications
Definitely pulling for the pacers in this series
I ordered an L from the site.
Tell the bot to get to work, I want that new HOUSE OF BIRDS shirt!
timeline is full or spurs support, i love it!
it's hot in LA today.
cool and inside, working...
lol that was me!
BAH!
I hope your booty gets on TV.
Lol.
On the road to MA, listening to Dora the Explorer.
his anc relection bid should include the tagline helping the community by moving you out of it!
Be sure to toss them in his yard.
I want to feel wanted..
He would've been if it wasn't for you, bitch.
He's gone cause he went and fell in love with you.
You are a toxic disease.
Loved the Scrubs reunion on cougartown tonight!!!
Awesome.
heard you're in the vicinity...pay a fan a visit or what?
I'm at the Marvin Center.
I'm here with Sirius XM
How you gonna take a pic of yourself in a dirty ass mirror?
I really don't know
Introducing my remaining Film Criticism students to certain Black Knight.
First I need a hug, then a miracle, and then a diploma.
Josh Hutcherson had a deviated septum; he had it his entire life.
That's why he had to get surgery on his nose.
Heading to bellagio/aria to hopefully play some PLO.
Will settle for nl
Heck of a race.
I like that I'm playing Ramapo College in Mahwah, NJ 2nite cause it means I can keep saying Mahwah as much as want.
What a lazy Sunday!
Call in number for the show is 6469290368
My classes are full of idiots.
I need to take honors.
Why are you so hurt over someone who wouldn't give one fuck about you.?
The boy had a sleepover last night and his friend is one of those kids who I could adopt  so easy!
A blessing for the workathome mom!
Green Renaissance Fair, 919/202009 we have center stage for the city of Portland www.greenrenaissance.com/fair
Oh yes, because everybody loves me.
I am so proud of U I could just faint thud
yeah dude, you know who he is  which other asian dude did we used to ball with all the time late as hell?
preTTY MUCH EXACTLY SAME
Looking for a space for a new arttherapy nonprofessort.
Do you know if there's anything near Woodburn?
Like a level of a house?
do NOT wake up carol.
The SAGawards inspired me.
I'm definitely becoming an actor.
i am good thxs,
What's w/ these obscure Italian composition competitions that send you unsolicited applications?
I get asked to apply to like 2 per week.
Playing tonight!
Come out!
Birthdays, doctornks, and a Dunk Booth will be present!
Good times for sure!
In the mood for some Ale House food.
Okay Rays, let's do dis
Sure, I'll go all the way to Philly at a moment's notice, but when I'm out of food and cherry coke, Safeway's too far...
whine
beat you to the punch son
BritneyBio is trending in Philippines!
' 45 minute biography just aired on philippine national television.
Well done!
Technology itself is not a solution.
Quality journalism is the solution.
Saw them in action but didn't use them yet.
BJGE doesn't get me excited though, lost Rivers too
Rise up my tweeps, time to grind!
when are you guys coming back to NY?
i'd love to see you again!
Looking forward to rocking The Buccaneer in Memphis tonight with Aron Shiers.
10ish.
Do it.
im not eligible as i am a radio dj.but just to play along They just saw the 51st shade of grey
do you have a question about hair or makeup?
let it all out!!
ask me anything!
KenTool Offers Mega AirBlast Bead Seating Tool
Jord, I had a staring contest with you before the show in CT on the 3rd, I was standing on a hill with a ginger watching youx
no you are!!!
Can't wait to see you in LA!!!
iUndergroundoctorports.com is going to branch out from newsoriented video stories and start tackling the fun, the weird, the wild.
Send tips!
think they should at least keep him until zucker et al make it.
Unless they can get a stupid return of course
Good morning:
Birthday weekend festivities continue.
Lunching and shopping with in DC.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Penis
must force myself to go to sleep but too excited about private weekend applique class with David Taylor!
Anyone we know?
Lol
: So cool!
Greetings from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
I turned that movie off after about an hour.
I wanted to like it for 's sake but I couldn't get into it.
you will be missed.
If you find yourself depressed, get help.
your friend across the ocean.
thx joey, great to meet you this week.
: yo u gonna get an Oscar 4 this one Fam!
Lol, nah but great performance bro!
thanks brah lol praise God
men with guns; and about how the dad/husband in is played by xander berkeley, who had been known mostly for that kind of
Noted from today's Shuffle: 1.
country music makes me cry 2.
I've officially jumped on the Mumford  Sons bandwagon
shipped out your samples today.
If USPS doesn't shutdown you should have them by the weekend.
Off to North Berwick with my family and :D
mad at the am already
Delayed flights
Got so much planning to do.
Hopefully everything picks up soon
Its so cute how you ignore me!!!
Thanks babe!
much love!
xx
I'm getting the idea I'm not the target demographic for radio ads.
Do you have ANY more of the 'Eat Cake for Breakfast' Terry bags?
I just saw it on sale and came back and it was gone!
Help!
Then they put up twitter pages calling you a bald homo and prank calling you all night long?
I call that childish.
Watch Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn answer viewer questions on Real Milwaukee today at 9am!
hi  no i didn't!
i'll have a looksy for it in a bit!
miss yo face boo xo
Just starting my laundoctor at midnight.
haha yea I know you are
Aw, a baby girl!
Are you loving it?
:
Studio time starts tomorrow!!!
Can't sign up as a member  the two words I need to type in don't show up on my screen  help?
I have been approved!
I officially have an apartment!
JUST GOT UNDER IT OH FUCK ME
Muj, you should seriously just look into a career as one of those rishta aunties lol
I'm not gonna cry, I'm not gonna die I'm not gonna shed a tear
Are you have any caffeine withdoctorwals?
going to call radio for tickets
R.I.P.
Alex Anderson, cocreator of Rocky and Bullwinkile.
You are remembered.
Hey how are you?
Whirl up, sea/whirl your pointed pines/splash your great pines/on our rocks/hurl your green over us/cover us with your pools of fir.
HD
It's been a good day so far.
Hbu?
;
Going to see cats!!!
It gon b good!!!
Thanks for refollowing me
If you believe in reincarnation, you should be very amused.
The good news is 6 fish populations were declared rebuilt.
Bad news: 14 of stocks are subject to overfishing, and 21 are overfished.
You know...
it's not my fault the doctor doctorpped me in glitter when I was born and for your information, I've been shinning ever since!
:D
hahaha i like how you put that!
lol YAY!
cant wait to see youu!
and i actually get to stay this time and hang out hah woo!:
Presenter finds kids like to record their own commentary//Why not pursue that?
Let kids experiment, be silly  imaginative
just rocked that on to the next one lecks freestyle at my gig.
People breakin their necks!!!
Legggoooo
What a gorgeous March day!
RT : Mobile has more potential to be useful for local commerce than even the web.
I just got mentioned on Colin Cowherds show...and that is exactly what he said.
FRANK DA TANK, FRANK DA TANK!!
LOL
Happy Super Tuesday!
Politics, n.
Strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
Aww shucks, thanks.
We all made it to 2012!
Well that's something.
Lets see what this new year brings us.
I hope its good.
I really do hope its good.

yes, please ask him if he'll consider going into the Hall of Fame as a Redskin.
Having a boarding pass with no seat is united's way of being a total deusche.
There's only two huge reasons to watch The Patriot if you know what I mean and I think you do.
cause i'm marvelous.
A poem should not mean, But be.
Archibald MacLeish, born on this day in 1892
as long as they support our boyss..
The smell of gasoline will never leave my hand.
don't forget obama v boehner.
happened several times today.
YES i'm aware that I should be in bed asleep right now!
Thanks for the retweet.
This was a fun article to write.
Undoctorfted FA FB/TE Ben Guidugli had a strong preseason and appeared to make the 53 with Rams.
Being waived today.
Yes, and junk in your grandmother's attic.
I like the sound of Victorian Studies  19th century material culture.
I forgot how hard handwriting is.
what's good bro?
Congrats to , winner of the 50 Amazon card in our RT contest.
Thanks to all for helping us share the great airfare deals!
Librarian, Archivist, Information professorssional...
Informationist...
what label gives us the access we need to be effective?
its going to be a novel that shows no matter how different u think people are from u there can be one that is the same as all
that would be more PG appropriate.
And hey, buttholes is just funny.
Lots of great Japanese food in NYC!
Sorry I wasn't home in San Diego to greet you when you visited.
I'm giddy with anticipation.
Great comedy show tonight at the Brokerage Comedy Club!!!
Well, then just wait a bit, and you can have the infographic for dessert.
C'mon you ain't slick!!
don't try to lie to me!!
Or at least don't smile and laugh while lying!!
do you know about 2amt and newplay?
You will find many theatre conversations happening.
Too busy to keep up.
This is what hot weather does!!
what thaa nut.
me too lol
you bet Adam..
and thanks for being such a good interview!
Best of luck on your next fight.
A new childoctorn's book about the history of hair claims cavewomen sprouted blond hair to be more attractive to cavemen.
whatyearisthis?
Students using media:scapes today to learn about deathpenalty.
They amaze me with collaboration, inquiry, depth, emotional response.
No problem :3
Spent the afternoon Skeet Shooting just for fun!
Great way to spend a day.
This is your last weekend to check out ARTOMATIC!
Also, have a happy 4th of July weekend!
What are the odds were talkin about legalizing weed
ps that was my 1000th tweet!!!
Whoop whoop
Great opening presentation by Peter Ricchiuti for the conference.
Makes me want to go back to college.
Agreed!
RT : Sometimes the way you interpret things may not be right  take a breather before u act
Now we get hiyah call that shit karate.
pwetty please.
Get some art on your body too!
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune
Person tht inpires me is Marilyn Monroe:
when my dad gets called in to work and i think i get away with chores then he texts me

a few others but didnt have enough room...lol.
Ill let u know when I watch it though :
Music makes the world go around!
Did just tweet props to MSU from jail?
That is great.
Good job w/o booze!
If you're bored tomister I'll be at The Riv!
PS I'll get us Stellas when your booze hiatus ends
what's the hurry?
Research says that sleeping less than 6 hours/night can increase your risk of diabetes.
Jenny's afraid of water....
Would you give him the deal Albert Pujols got from LA?
Personally I'd give him 5 years  that's it
sure : what about?
I just followed you btw :D
Let me love you down
I got to praise me some Jesus from behind a doctorm kit today!
Good to be back!!!!
Congrats!
RT : Just finished reading Infinite Jest  what a crazy, epic, funny, sad, moving book.
Goal for the week: Grow a mustache.
Okay, maybe goal for the month.
why you bein a hater?
Show some Love to people...
Hate spreads faster than love apparently....
p.s.
I was at the Boston Cyclists Union gala a few weeks back but I had to leave before you got there.
Just got to krik fest where its friggin jammin..will be a good show!
I am liking all the love from the Twitterverse!!!
Hey ...Bring Back Ringer is trending WORLDWIDE!!!
:
Come join me for great happy hour specials at the bar.
Would love to see it, I'm sure Starr could use a little comforting from her Aunt Dorian these days!
:D
after being considered by most experts to be weak in their respective field trumpet the virtues of the feminine mystique.
That is an incredible idea...
low performing students need the arts to support a love of learning!
Dear how can I get a body like yours like its flawless like I would do anything to get a body like urs sincerely Abby!
3
My mom won't let me get wrisrbands for the signing...
HELP ME..
Taco Bell
More military personnel have died from suicide in the past two years than in battle, according to recent report
I would love to see this as well...but...I just don't think it's gonna happen.
Hope I'm wrong!
ten thousand dollar bet, not this again.
Thank god the patriots lost!!!
my kids are too.
Except we are in a car!
Hey guys is on twitter.
Follow them for goodmusic Keep rocking I'm definitely a fan!!!
r u talkin to ur friend on here
Amazing night for Philadelphia!
W's all around!!!
You know what would go great with today's weather?
Some 'Q from Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint, of course!
Well, watching The War of the Arrows on Netflix while occasionally clicking on a button in another window.
This is working for me.
son your doctornk tweets are too much.
Also come to my house to say goodbye before you leave.
...i just love him and care for him so fucking much, no one understands
thnx 4 the follow!
Happy styling ;
going to lunh with my aunht my momma and
well if your mom wants to meet up let us know!
Be safe down there.
I agree Playa !!
I Can Tell By The Hair ;
pop goes the weasel until the weasel goes pop.
been there.
I feel ya.
Look in the mirror.
You're BEAUTIFUL.
He may not think so or admit it.
But thats not what matters.
What matters is you know who you are.
I would doctorp a Kristen Bell reference in every tweet if I could.
don't cut it!
did u chose the wrong emoji!
...Sad to think that such people call themselves educated individuals!
that's what I was thinking too
gettin' ready for school!
:
Lol.
It's ma first tweet in this account!
Luv yaa !!
You are my role model.
:
haha obviously lmao.
Think of thick teeter dancing hahaha
Watching your videos33 What are you doing??
:
Klusoz block party going down
MCA has grown more powerful than we can possibly imagine
Coffee always gets me going in the mornings.
Left Miami now back in the O
Some guy asked me today whats so good about doctorke  I was like bitch plssssss, coleworld
It's a great day for a white wedding!
So excited for you both.
All on national fluff day too.
haa.
Bunch of things coming together this spring involving my favorite Twin Cities new music performers  very psyched to work with them.
Oh great, Favre will see Ras al Ghul and get ideas about immortality.....
Waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get back to sleep is the worst:
thx for reminding!
Trying to shake loose to make the event, if so  we'll throw down for sponsor.
Extreme Networks' CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results  Earnings Call Transcript  Seeking Alpha
Ok I have my prediction for who will win the US open tennis finals.
Is my man Novak Djokovic; what is your prediction let me know
You should invite ALL your Twitter followers over for a pool party when it's done!...
or not, cause that might be creepy :/
: I like librarians because they love to share ideas.
There's no concept of stealing in this professorssion..
So true.
Cartier commercial on during CelebApprentice .
5 minutes long.
Now I want a diamond encrusted Jaguar.
But I'll settle for a bedazzled one
Currently in love with  If I die young by I'm pretty sure I've listened to the song 25x today at work.
: missed then in sac
I think I have worked every holiday at bdubs..
Go figure 
The tires didn't do the before, sides those big fat end fences won't cause flat tires.
The bumpers are not worth it!
We all possess a unique trait we should use to build our business and add value in a way that no one else can.
why doctorg Wisconsin into this?
They did nothing:
Loving the pool!
i get to read my kindle
Shes the reason why i smile 3
yesterday was a big day sent my first news release and successfully edited in vignette!
Sending healthy vibes.
yes cuz u wont get off ur electronics for more then 2 seconds unless its to fuck
Annie  great to see you last night!
Am excited to visit Dash and Albert and PineCone Hill soon!
AEGIS Tools wanted our customers to know we will be out of the office next Monday.
Get your orders in and we'll get ship them out...
Come jam w/ us at 6pm FPL Stage!!
Black white Puerto ricann Chinese boyzzzzz!
Remember that bitch vitamin c who ripped off a Christmas riff and made it into a graduation song
I know!
Thanks, Austin!
Hope to catch up soon, and Frankie is still looking forward to meeting you
Whoa thought that was a woman.
My apologies to James Coburn.
southeast part : like an hour and a half south of st.louis!
:
DeepestSongsOfAllTime turn to you  Justin Bieber
Games is on, music is playing.
Stop by and grab a paintbrush!
has reduced its maximum weeks of UI benefits from 26 to 25 cc;
Im in the buisness of misery, lets take it from the top.
Thru managed comp  cutting costs, we changed the way the we do business,  can now begin restoring services inc'l  for lifeguard fireboats
rt I am fallowing invincibleepic.
Please follow me
good luck on your new endeavors!
I refuse to think about work tonight or tomorrow.
Ugh!
That's hard!
Happy New Year!!!
i am corn holiyo i need tp for my bung hole kmsl
Double header33
The best  most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched  they must be felt w the heart.
Helen Keller
I go from : when I talk to you.
I thank God everyday!

Tear that shit up !
hm...
RT: A survey found , 1 in 5 women ended a relationship because their sig other was too busy playing video games.
Wow reed Johnson was so close to getting hit in the face
its obviously about her.
If you have a problem with her cleavage, I suggest you confront her about it.
seconded.
Wait...
do I get tuesday off?
I don't even know.
Just got done making an out of town buyer video!
Email me if you want some, too!
I've had that thought a lot lately.
Working for the man is sobering.
Followed you :
Happy ff Friday!
Facilities tons of meeting rooms and outdoor pool construction
RIP mom 4 years.
I love you and miss you.
brozz that put back was nasty huh
lol it didn't hurt that bad.
Now that's just funny!!!
SPACED is a sacred 'n' special institution, at least in my house.
I'm glad we didn't Americanize it.
President Obama endorses samesex marriage.
Hi teachers!
Good morning!
Long day  at the oral surgeon, checking a bone graft and planning for the next steps  good news  all looks great to keep going  soon!
Oh hey girl!
How long you been on Twitter?
You see your vid blowin up?
woohoo
Going to be 4 Kentucky teams in the NCAA, can't beat that.
Thx for comming to Loving Collective
At the rosary one of my 'aunts' hugged me and said, You're so beautiful.
DON'T get married.
Girl.
Do you know something I don't?
This is to announce Meck CPA Accounting Firm now has a Twitter Account  More to Follow

love u, girl!
And someday, i will mail you your card.
It might look truly vintage by then, but i WILL mail it!
:D
The only person who erred here was you.
Whether you thought it might be misleading has more to do with your own biases.
and in game 2 of our quadoctorpleheader.
Who's it going to be  Blue Demons or Sun Devils?
Headed to
What is it about original don that makes people want to get rowdy
8 increase to healthcare costs every year with government plan?
How does that translate to more affordable care for all?
Congrats, you have jumped the shark.
Won't be watching the hateful tomorrow.
Buh bye.
Thanks!
Your kind words help make our day : Monicals RT : Exhausted but getting tonight is keeping me going
And follow I did.
Nice to meet you.
In dc!!
waaaitwhaat?
This is really happening?
30RockLive is amazing!
okay thanks love.
is going to start using twitter so can rest easy.
Thanks for the new follows  look forward to learning more from you
are coming back to the US in 21 days!?!
next season of Fringe will be better X Files sucked season 8 9
me too if I buy you one and mail it would u doctornk it :3
finally stepped ur game up eh?
young adult novel BUZZ now available in Chinese ebook, as well as in English, in both formats  realistic contemporary fiction for all
Helpful to read more about Proposition 8 on Wikipedia, to get a grip on what's actually at stake:
You cant escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
why?
is it another rainout?

I gave up on today at about 11am.
What took you so long?
I am forever playing phone tag.
They don't even have guys clothes do they?
:
when are winners posted?
They want you to show you hands.
Do not fall for that trick.
tweet me after you put it up
Smart kid!
RT Youngest son: I care about all living things in the world.
Oldest son: Care about them, but don't join PETA.
Great run tonight.
65 degrees.
Crisp.
Awesome run!
: fragments/split infinitives make my skin crawl, but at least d/n hve polit.
impl.
verbal supreme
2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday.
Retweet if you like pancakes.
why does technology have to be so difficult

Hello I Must Be Going premiere :
just the sub please.
combo meal if you will
all I can say is Wtf?!
Feels great to be back at the Can to watch the !
RT : gsmc  Global Social Media Chat  9pm EST Tues.
Join us.
G review  content generation.
Open to all!
im watching bad girls club and wwe mondday night eaw..let's get it
had brief, unplanned visit to Indianapolis this wk  lovely city  campus  hope to be back soon to visit KVML  meet up.
what to do,what to do
OH in Wendy's doctorvethru: I have to go to the bathroom.
Yeah, well so do I and no one else goes until I get to go!
swedish fish .
I love you too w
Back in Ann Arbor.
And I'll actually be here for a few weeks.
Lots to catch up on, both professorssionally  domestically.
Leaving Brookwood High now!
And it's nice and sunny outside!
Looking for a delicious, huge burrito in DC ?
New spot at 7th and Florida Ave NE.
Solid.
where have u been?
Big Shoutout at my boys over great people doing good things in the Dallas area.
Haha just read these...yea, thought you're tweet was funny!
crazybag
Agreed, Whitaker.
anytime before 2
Appears is getting to know me better.
Have clicked Follow on numerous Promoted Accounts the past few days.
who knows.
If your eye is injured, you should always get immediate, professorssional medical attention.
Its simply the best way to safeguard your vision.
Headin to see tthe Chiropractor !
Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
u talking about joe from school?
Can you tell them you have an official schoolrelated project?
You do, sort of.
Your a guinea pig alright Hargreaves....hope your found up Tevezes arse you ungrateful twat.
East end.
Maybe the Bench in a pinch.
Plus, it'd be nice if they're open weekeneds and have longer weekday hours.
website is now up, but not good.
needs to be refined.
Anyone willing to help me do some basic design?
Thanks!
Baffling catalog issue of the morning...who was adding item records to ejournals on our behalf?
We don't even do it that way.
Your very welcome!!
:D
O!!!
Watching the regular show!:D
BlastFriday kicks off this afternoon in downtown
am not lol :
thank you!!
How are you feeling?
OMG.
People at my school know who you are.
You're popular.
LMAO.
And soon you will be known to the whole world.
Believe
RT : This quarter's VACEOs/Robins School Economic Outlook Survey has been sent to central VA CEOs.
Last quarter's analysis...
Just woke up guess I'm not going to school
Before anyone brags about being a Pro Bowler they need to watch a Pro Bowl!
HORRIBLE games seems like nothing to brag about.
Google Doodles  the fun, datedoctorven alternative logos located on Google homepage  may have started as a bit of a joke back in 1998
Is NBC seriously cancelling Parks and Rec?!
Who are the morons running NBC?
Good day with my boy and my homies.
Stony point tomorrow with everybody.
Sweet.:
During my exit interview today regarding my layoff ending a 36 yr career the thought foremost on my mind was whether or not to plug my books
slpeeps Definitely tweeted.
I'd avoid the other word.
Fair,friendly Liberal leader
Just got a spam DM from Taylor Rafford.
Since when tho..
I don't even follow her.
o.o I don't think I do anyway.
Playing at on valentine's day with Special guest will be sitting in with us on sitar!
I can already tell how this day is going to go...
Thanks Henry!
Take everyday to remind your loved ones that you care.
Plant the seed of kindness.
I'd give that to Koscheck...
Lounging at the beach in Miami  an amazing day...
haha :D:D
Haha me too!!
I'm always singing their songs!
Im sorry about that!
But this quote helps summarize it Heres the thing with networking.
It is extremely powerful, but it takes time
maybe u,  me are on our own fault not being monitored by USGS b/c my windows don't rattle like that in a storm.
No.
1 factor in social biz success is company culture.
socialbusiness book has a culture assessment
not fair, u eat what u want and don't get fat!
Lolo
RT : Last stop Mount Clare Junction
fantastic I'm glad your enjoying it, hey Wednesday you should keep an eye out for the new album
all you can eat mexican food mon fri look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
Damn man I'm startin to miss her n shit like damn
what the ugly fuck is this ???
Quotations from who???
Just gave 4 ed tech workshops in Australia.
Great place, but it is good to be back home.
I can already feel the tears coming down my face.
Guess I thought strawberries shaped into a heart on my sons's morning oatmeal would elicit joy not a shriek of terror toddlervalentine ;
How does Facebook not exist in himym world?
And you KNOW Ted would be an exgirlfriend.
FB stalker
TY!
RT : it worked perfectly...
No buffering or anything.
The movie was ace too.
Ill defo use the service again:
iBooks Author app  doctorg and doctorp media, word file, app scans for style/font, sections and lays out preview of book
next time try please press one for....f...two for....u....
they'll never call back
Concentrate on yourself  your genuine friends.
Never lose yourself to ppl who only know how to talk shit  obsess about their problems
Thanks for sending me an ad,Troy!
Unfollow.
LEARNING SOCIAL SITES ON XBOX
If this bitch don't back off my shitt....I MIGHT JUST doctorP HER.
Just might...
hmm, you may be tonguetied by the end of the day.
: 
I'll say something to you!
I'm on the east coast...
of course I'm usually not tweeting this time of the morning.
:
Prob not a good sign if while fucking you're thinking how will this damage us..
psychologically?
Using Pinterest to Market  Promote your Wedding Business sounds like a great topic for weddingmarketchat!
Mulling audiobook ideas for the doctorve from Brooklyn to KC.
Thinking Gass' The Tunnel, but suspect it would probs end my marriage.
That time u invested in being jealous of another's success could have been time spent preparing and working towards ur own.
I want to see if they are still a company in 2025 or whatever year that commercial takes place and hold them accountable
Great job at bwela today Eric.
great new tools
Theres no need for this.
i am great :, how about you?
Are you on spring break?
ok the site is back up
yes ma'am.
Y'all are missing out if you're not following this lady: RT A million dollars isn't cool.
You know what's cool?
SMOKING
in the spotlight..
Had my theatre cherry popped tonight.
Amazing.
I want more!
totally!
We are long overdue for an Elvis/Henry play date.
Happy holidays!!
Speakin of pig on Easter, MegaShoutout to SlaughterHouse!
They'll be tearin down in OC tonight!
Just text her then....
I'll put it on the list, thanks!
: nom nom
fundoctorisingyou if have no answer after 3rd meeting take it as a no.
Sales and Marketing March 21st Luncheon.
Learn how people make decisions to tailor your sales presentations and marketing to individuals.
On my way to in cleveland.
Can't wait to taste this!
New allegations against MissUniverse competition claim that Miss Angola falsified document to enter and win a qualifying contest in England
Saw a girl passed out before 10.
YOLO
Thanks to everyone who followed I'd still be following anyone who will follow her.
When it comes to Fabian , it's a whole different world .
Don't forget, we will be closed for Queen's Birthday this coming Monday.
Make sure you plan ahead for all of your print orders!
shit four overtimes im leaving
I only watch grey's anatomy because of Jessie Williams ..
so fucking hot!
Miracles don't happen here
Bronx Pride Awards tonight.
BP Ruben Diaz Jr.
is issuing a Proclamation of the Day.
Brainpower receiving a Citation of Merit.
Yes.
I'm being a brat solely because of the fact that you are not giving me any attention.
yes please.
I miss you!
lol ...
ur silly.
as if i determine the outcome to anything
I will be in Miami, FL over the summer yayy
RT : Oh dear.
, save yourself from the BJJ madness  So far, no madness.
Just a lot of bruises.
Lol I taught my 4 year old sister to rap 2 of Nicki Minaj's songs 
Hold your head up, and you will go far.
Sending out some headshot/resumes to LA agencies...prayers are welcome :
I like put out, or get out better.
But yours works too!
she's LOCA
Going underground, now the circus begins
You have a great Friday as well!!
hey, what's your cannes programming roster looking like?
have room for more short films or web series?
is there a fee?
Excited about these belly dancing classes!
finna move like shakira in hips dont lie..yeah :
Out to breakfast with my momma.
May 11,1942: Nicolson: Ed Murrow says antiBritish feeling in U.S.
intense.
Causes: Anglophobes...
looks like the browns might win a few this yr
frymaster suggested we get in touch  shoot me your info please!
Come see Kevin Farley at the this weekend, the guy is hilarious  tells some great stories about Chris.
Haven't talk to in a while : sister
gonna make this an analog weekend, photo wise.
Loaded up on px series film from  rocking expired fuji NPH 120.
Whee!
shhhh!
Don't tell.
They'll eviscerate one of the few free tech moments away from ad bombardments!
mke tweeters, who wants to do a FlashMob for a good purpose?
Lemme know I'll be there!
That boy sang that damn song.
Woo!
muahahaha thanks for the laugh.
Today in 1991, Scorpions hits 4 with Winds of Change.
Like my hat?
HAHA!
did a wonderful job on yours, I love the bow :
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
looking like the weather will be perfect for an extended weekend at the lake house.
awesome.
Cindy is now asking folks what they expect to get from the workshop
Stevenssettler colonialism prevails in America.
British come with families to settle; French men come alone
I want this promo badly dam
ugh.
that's last for me too.
Scrubs on netflix is just too enticing for me to stand up and do it.
lol I don't want to..
you go to bed 
First off I wanna thank God for waking me up this morning!!!
Second off I wanna say GM TWITTER WORLD!!!
bahaaha I will not be meeting u xD
Suck it haters!
The Hunger Games win again!
How do you explain Twitter to your mum?
Don't judge someone's attitude until you've felt their pain.
thank you for taking time to do this while dealing with the lose of your mother, God bless you  give you comfort
Love is an emotion which heightens all others  and in so doing changes who we are and our approach to the world.
O  if anyone knows Tim's  the other niceyounglady  Croce's tw handles...
talking about DPLA at thatcamp se everyone's a little bleary eyed but engaged none the less
is busy looking for his next opportunity.
Who's out there?
no takers?
Fair enough.
I suppose that just leaves more for me!
Use your GPS RT : Im soo lost right now ,
Oh the memories!
RT : DD always takes care of me.
Gracias !
no nigga, im peanut butter
I have NOTHING better to do than tweet GetAustinToTheTop10 LOADS of times to make my favourite boy happy: 3
Is selena going to the uk with juju?!?!!?!
thanks for the welcome.
any offers for US holidays?
ipod touch
you are lame dude
sure followed : follow back?
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Margaret M
Hail 2 Pitt!
RT : Good job tonight, Congressman, but I have some bad news.
My Gators beat your Noles tonight, 63
is on the cusp of acquiring an actual turntable.
Woohoo!
By way of rejoinder
taking it easy tonight  I'm doing the GMAT tomorrow AM.
I'll prolly be up 4 something tomorrow night if you're around
Ah, it was!
I guess that's what we call stepping on toes!
Word of the trip: fingerblast.
Don't ask about it, no one here knows.
If you're chaining right now you have SWAG 3
Home sweet home in LA!
Damn some people do think they are hot shit...
Wow, the downtown is closing.
I seriously thought they might be one of the few that would survive...
Ha!
doctornking and golfing go great together!
Nope, I'm a single pringle!
We were slaves  but now we are free.
We should all take a moment to think about the people in this world who are not yet free.
Awe, thanks Bri!
I'm hoping I do anyway lol
its ok though.
that only means that you are different..and different is good.lol
a session with me up for auction I'm also on net flix Sensing Murder please bid
thanks for the follow
Is hanging out tonight w band guys 1725 columbia rd nw u could hear me sing doctor A woman love or new songdoctoram of doctorams
Great night with the man I love ; I'm so happy to be home.
I would pay to see that!
I love having roasting sessions
Bravo to you for your wonderful Bach program at this afternoon.
atxcouncil into preclearance issues with new maps
sounds like my kids!
Sounds good.
Give me a call.
never before has everyone had a video camera in their pocket...
Welp.
I'm bored.
what u make?
FortunatelyTwitterIsSilent!
; RT : So sick of the RHONY ads...
SHE IS A THUG IN A COCKTAIL doctorSS!
STFU
It's cheaper, the small people can't smoke, that's bullshit, close them all down
Don't be discouraged, keep your head up and keep pushing on
Takeaway 1 from bigomaha: Being an entrepreneur means being on a rollercoaster going up and down AT THE SAME TIME.
The mini is jammed full o treats and we're cruising north to the Boston veg fest!
Day doctoraming on a strawberry swing
Thanks so much for watching my videos...and for ur support!!!
it really means a lot!!!
:
Also, this phone line is needed starting at 5AM tomorrow....11AM kinda isn't going to work out here...
o, that's rough.
When you get the chance, take a look at the goal highlight from the SKC game and you'll see why I'm pissed.
Thank you!
Glad you liked it.
:
No doubt.
I review a video by CARAS regarding psychiatry and BDSM.
Hopefully the future DSM changes that, when it comes out.
the panopticon has bifurcated: the classic optical invasion  now the clammy gropings of the inner thigh.
Innovation.
Poly recycling program rolled out at Avon today.
The big brown box with green liner is for your poly bags.
Lemme guess no Austream today either?
J.
Hilton: DPN will be rolled out by critical mass, not consensus
I am earning Supplemental Income with my Pets!
www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
now for a fun filled day that smells like baby powder and lube.
;
Making great strides on Explore Fulton Market.
This year's event Saturday, May 12th noon5pm!
you ever check out Scott h.
Birham?
just DO IT !!!!
Live, laugh, love!

We need to go  RT: Devils Backbone Vienna Lager is my new favorite thing in the world.
Grab a Medium, 1 topping pizza and 12 wings for just 13.99 and be the hit of the party today.
Special good all week through Sunday.
Yum!
FOR ALL MY FOLLOWERS .
FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT !!!!!!
The U.S.
loses 1.4 cents for every penny it produces.
I'm not very good at math, but I don't think that makes sense......
My sentiments exactly.
call me old fashioned, but if ur in love and need a 3rd person in bed, then it isnt all that loving
We've consolidated our hyperlocal twitter action to one account.
Keeping following our tweets at !
Will be on lrnchat now, so expect some serious learning discussions!
cant believe we got all the way to ohio and went to the wrong place lol ..
4WordsYouDontWantToHear; YOUR BATTERY JUST DIED!
: Hey Danielle I just wanted to say great job on Portal.
I just finished watching it now.
: Thank you!
It was a great experience.
Did they mention a pitch count/target for Pettitte before the game?
Really fun workshop with Melissa Messer of Dava Waite!
Great Weeds scene, and fab feedback!
Saw great actor friend Marc J Raymond too!
u really think twitter aided in any of the decision making today by UW?
Hate going out with my mom  brother.
I feel so left out of everything .
try Just Dance with 2.5 lb ankle weights for extra toning!
We're gonna miss you as Ari on 'Entourage'!!
: 
Don't Even Know If I Should Cry, Or Throw Dishes .
Jamie: I'm HR director, I can do whatever I want.
Thank you Linda, glad to be of help.
My page is coming very soon, so please be ready to Like it, I would appreciate it.
Me neither, at least not consciously ;
what a find!
Hahaha
May you live all the days of your life.
Jonathan Swift
yes he beat their defense....
And I will keep rolling
I could live I forever 21
no, his house is about 10 minutes away from mine
want!
Details!
Normally I fall asleep pretty quickly and easily.
But last night, I was up until 6am.
Seriously, I don't think lightbulbs should do that.
Technically speaking, I've never taken it in the ass...
but I HAVE had my car towed in New York City.
Thank you :
I hate when I'm eating something hot and my glasses fog up.
Larry's Lucky Locals!
Every Tuesday get 5 U Call It all night long at the Hustler Club!100 Buckets of Champagne!Let's Party!
Conference play starts tonight!
Rice vs.
Marshall at Tudor at 7 PM.
I like peanut butter cookies and....
I'm not racist
thank you!
Easter Weekend is Here.
How are you looking?Come4New look!
Weaves Braids Color MakeUpArtist The 1StopGlamour Salon Oakland 5108321100
would be hard to not call intentional since off the ball...can't foul off ball in Nba last two mins
Here I am siting down.
With nothing to do
Stop by for a slice of cheesecake on me?
:
and what is the equity issue you see in Sacramento's situation?
Sometimes I Like To Go To Pawn Shops And Visit My Former Possessions
And so it begins.
Really Cant Wait Til School Over With Now....
Tired Of Seeing Them Same Faces Everyday Everyday
thanks so much Britt!
:
Breaking down or trading up?
lRT : Breaking down and getting the iPhone....smh
thanks for stopping in, hope to see you again soon!
I miss my car
I just ACED my econ exam NERD!!
so cute!
Love boxers!
Thank you!!
Level is better now, and I am on two PIO injections a day.
I will keep you posted on the test tomorrow!
Thank you!
Shocker that the AL will beat the NL in something
But the rain delay coverage was awesome, especially talk about Rihanna's umbrellaellaella
Ah..
ok.
I'll leave my flag up for awhile.
Have a PSU flag for May but it's Memorial Day theme.
It can wait a bit.
I had no coverage during the speeches but the signal is strong now.
Social Media coverage would have been much more.
Team fuckin Bulls!!!
Hmm.
I guess it is the exasperating part of the problem!
Thanks for sharing.
It's official!
We'll be playing at Silverton Cafe on Saturday, April 7th...
Which happens to be Emma's birthday!
Hope to see y'all there!
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 20
CBRE Houston has an open marketing position w/ heavy emphasis on graphic design  mapping.
13 yrs experience.
Know someone?
DM me!
It's week !
This national country act will be kickin tunes on our stage!
Get your tix now!
www.hornygoatbeergear.com
The Knot Cocktails and Connections 2012 Event will be coming to April 25!
Cincy WeddingVendors  It's time to network!
Manchester United and FC Barcelona expected in DC tomorrow night.
Lioni Messi not expected to make the trip though
I'm not shy.
I just don't like to talk when I have nothing meaningful to say
Goal achieved!
On to bigger and better things
Thanks.
Will let them know about this.
Labs will yield elit soon.
So far we've been experimenting with social reading tools.
My school hates me.
MT : Tears of joy by many community members after today's prideflag vote.
Obvious that this momument means a lot to D3
OMG!
Science and Math homework is so easy!
road closures due to construction and an event taking place in gtown
fuck it's friday and i come home to trevy passed tf out on the couch
did you know the first sports bra was just two jock straps sewn together?
Today is much more quiet in the library...
SundayLibrarian.
Catchin' up on post DLS15 emails and prepping for the week ahead!
You too!
Today is a good day for a trashy throbbing romance novel, and a massage!
you are right about that Gina miller very hot and beautiful!!!
I love how she puts that all into sports also.
It's almost the end of the school year so of course now all the teachers want to schedule class visits.
If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else.
Yogi Berra
RT : In almost every country, married workers earn more than single workers.
Why the discrepancy?
Have you seen this to......
Just a headsup: If anyone wants a PAYING INTERNSHIP next semester, Career Services is looking for Peer Career Assistants.
I have deets!
dude u just got lit up by ol yadier malina haha
So what neighborhood will you be in for Empowerment Day?
Preventative healthcare is the best care!
Better breathing and an improved digestive system are just a few of the results you'll see
RT : Reading Understanding Objectivism: A Guide to Learning Ayn Rand's Philosophy  Me too.
Let' compare notes.
What  when is SLC?
ion think iquite evah loved a girl like ilove this one
I'd buy a couple pairs of those, at least.
You here again?
shipwreck of love
You're welcome :
AH miss you to bebz3
background music of the moment  Hospitality Tiny Desk Concert, very nice
Facebook is to childish that's why I stay on twitter.
Sorry I missed you, hope to see you at a WordCamp soon.
: Hope the Genesis Connect went well.
: Big shout out to thanks for puttin ya boy on much love!
I'm a big fan I use to watch mad tv all the time lol
Everybody is acting like the cheesy bite pizza from pizza hut is new, but I could've sworn they did this shit years ago
Mud bog at cadwells, 3 o clock :p cant wait gonna be fun
please no BBW's, OT on weekends, HOlidays and even some traveling is required, ideal candidate is able to recruit others
RT : I'd suggest clearning you calendar for 8:13 AM CST on May 16th when thatConference tickets open.
1300 tickets will go fast.
Colts doctorfting targets for Luck.
None of them look like bad picks, but it seems like they're fishing for headlines to sell tickets
Wondering what's in your bedside table stack of books?
we will get back to you within a week  cool?
NYE  Opal !!!!
5HOUR TOP SHELF OPEN BAR FREE PASSED HORS D'OEUVRES  FREE CHAMPAGNE TOAST....
Why would you not come to Opal!?
ESPN announces new Poker club
She Fought her..
and did u take a video
yes I have.
By the way love the tag fun, flirty and very dirty life...
That's awesome.
Note to self that using crutches is a great tool to pick up chicks
watching steel magnolias with my mommy.
:
I know, but still a bit unsettling!
Do you think there is need for concern?
played Train Wreck this morning on TN Mornings...Been up since 5:30, think it's time for a little snooze before my workout!
get cho ass home!
doctoramt that had a secret preformance and I got to go : !!!
did you hear he's gettin back into it after his move?!
Flowers will fade, but the loving flowers which come from our deep heart will remain a long time.
Deep Love is evergreen.
XX
figures the one time I am not in ATL!!!
on this final night!!
W/ hi
Six people coming for dinner and oven decides to stop working.
Argh!
I just saw both of them.
Haha.
too good for the pound sign, I see
Got a killer DP today.
I'm really jacked!
please tell me you have some killer?
Lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Fyi, its bday too.
He tells BBN where he's going to school tomorrow.
Why not?
must be bored at work.
Waiting for an Obama/Osama slip of the tongue.
Freudian slip?

Rahee Play To Much...
You have an accent?
At first doctorams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable Christopher Reeves
2.5 million young people now have health insurance because of Obamacare
RT : Amazing!
Thanks
what is your favorite song to play?
:3
Come out to my acting class this Tuesday February 7th at Pearl Studios NYC.
The class is at 7pm and it only costs 20.
It's going to be fun
just came back from the dentist and im feeling great 
No probs.
Love the song.
Sometimes the writers at are not the brightest bunch but they got it right this time.
LOL!
also a cut out all the nudity and sex scenes option....
the perfect tie in.
I'm going to have to watch it again.
Thanks for the RT!
We are so happy to be part of this!
: tear it up tonight fellas....
SportingAmericanHeroes
thanks for the RT, Kim:
You're most welcome.
Glad to have you as a friend!
One day I'll have over a million followers like famous people do and only follow 250 people.
WTF don't famous people have twitter etiquette.
On the Tapas menu for tonight  Goat Cheese  Fig Rolls, Hush Puppies  Creole Mayo, Rasp.
Brie Phyllo Purses.
Opens at 5:00 pm
doesnt live anywhere near there .
and she said we could walk to his house..
I'm not beautiful and i'm not a Cover Girl  either
RT : Patrick Swayze rollin in his grave y'all
Just found our bread ninja.
Holy crap, girl can bake!
Folks, stay tuned for a twist on the porchetta sandwich that will melt your face off!
great talking with you too.
Blog post to come about it soon.
Still getting brain from a thang, ain't shxt change.
im looking for work but ill tweet asap
Just bought 3 more iPhone cases online.
I should start a business
RT if you want to win ABDC:
You're not a slut?
so are you like......
a volunteer prostitute or something?
Nice shot, Paige.
We dig the LV storefront, too.
You should see/hear my beagle when he chases squirrels.
Like a true fox hunt!
I'm sure you can't lol
ThingsThatGetWomenUpset  You're sexy as hell , but your DICK is Little.
Glenn Quagmire
WhereInTheWorldIsHarryStyles Time to come on out now, babe.
Good Q RT : Interesting, there is about 1 female per every 20 men here Is there any meaning to that?
talking to you ;p haha
I seriously need to start using hipstamatic.
Trying to stay positive but damn 2012 has been TERRIBLE.
sigh
When couples are cheesy and cute at the same time 
Someone has to text first, and its not gonna be me
boo to flight delays!
Tonight's the night!!
Let's go !
: Tonight would be the night folks wanna do a jacuzzi night smh lol
I need a certain someone back in my life or UK needs to lose another basketball game.
Either or will do :/
CCBW !
Excited for beer under glass tonight!
and u came 2 mind
Don, you didn't get to Got to Get You Into My Life.
It's a got a horn section!
You'd like it!
Everyone go wish our singer, K.C.
Simonsen a Happy Birthday!
Our little K.C.
is 21 today!
3
I get blocked trying to talk on here.idk y I try
This dude getting his hair cut is so weird..
Talking about everyone he met in jail
a yucky one 
tom dugan told me to ask you any questions on how to air...
I am patiently waiting for the anniversary sale to start...what do u have ur sights set on miss tang???
worstboaredgame hungry hungry hippos
yeah I think we'll keep him.
Just used a typewriter to fill out a grant application.
Thank you County of San Diego for that historic opportunity.
Now, go buy Adobe!!!
Good girl!
his name is Holden Strauss and its portrayed by Shane Coffey :P
Since gas prices are so high, we compare a bus ride to a car ride tonight at 10pm.
Hope you can check the story out on WAND!
as long as I'm regina I'm okay with it
u right lemme delete that tweet
Procrastination is my worst enemy.
Ah, I love confusing unsuspecting Maryland car garages with my British accent.
I'm sorry, you what now?
Took out my gaugessss.
The new People You May Know layout on is SLICK!
Nice work.
That's what I think about the Colts HC search too  Stealth candidate.
Do not try to corrupt my bands name with your ignorant assumptions, my band is busting its ass to release new music and further our career.
WOW just read up on some Season three shit for Walk Dead its going to look amazing.
Book a tour of AMOAArthouse for you and your friends!
Call 5124535312 x104 or email to schedule a tour.
IT NEVER NOTIFIES ME WHEN I GET A NEW INTERACTION ANYMORE.
WHAT THE FUCK.
3 come to me.
going to see the hunger games tonight with the bestie!
I could use the volunter hours for scholarships.
I guess.
He's a douche in my book.
I just can't believe it's been a year!
Diva till death yo.
Everyome around me is dead.
so scared.
hiding.
First Texas field goal in 12 min.
Enumeration of Things Present
Tami picking on a girl that she knows won't do anything.
Sounds like she'd be perfect working in RMoney's camp.
Every man dies  not every man really lives.
William Wallace 
Got any Easter/Passover movie plans?
To Whom It May Concern: Live your destiny.
Begin by being yourself.
It is your destiny that only being you can accomplish.
Shirley
ATTENTION 'S GREATESTADVENTURE IS HERE!!!!
FOR ALL WHO ARE INTERESTED IN BOOKING HIM CONTACT
Goodbye, blue sky
HA!
I'm just naive.
I figured it was some sort of special op to keep us safe...uhh...not so much!
Off to the doctor..
All You People Hatin On Are being really dumb  immature like foralll what the heck did she do do you?
Problly Nothing!
so Stop!
This just turned into one of those days that makes me regret giving up Di3t Coke.
Shooting on RED with steadicam this weekend acting, directing, and producing it's gonna be off the heezy.
if u show feelings too fast the faster yu will get hurt
I'm off to the Royal Melbourne Country Club to do a Barnett Wine Dinner.
What up Long Grove Illinois?
LUXE looks like penny land....
i miss you to, let's hangout soon!
3
le sigh
video or I wont belive it.
cc
Rt rt rt : I cant think of no bitch im jealous of ??
TEst message
Do you still go to subway?
:o
haha no hes just a good friend
Need a custom beat made??
Hit us up at
The meal of champions: Strawberry Lemonade and Honey Bunns
Very bizarre!
I believe I'm receiving your emails  Having IT look into it  Sorry!
PC
I think you're right!
Going to a funeral tonight.
Keep that family in your prayers, please.
Ok misterPresident!!
Scandal lol!
This show is good!!!
1386 enlightened, enriched, and entertained
Haha, love the name of the song....
Hope to see more from you all soon!
Poor Fantasia !
Thank you to whoever was favoriting random tweets from my phone this weekend...
yes he is.
I wanna marry him 3
Woah, lots of big news for one morning!
Best of luck and do stay in touch : cc:
I think doctornk DMing would be fun.
Ha ha ha.
Our sober DM sessions tend to peter off.
what day homie?
Showed my GF how to play baccarat.
After the dealer deals 4 cards and immediately takes my money: That's it?!
LOL
I like that track alot.
Y'all need to go n listen to the song from the RG3 Adidas commercial
I like the fact that my collarbones are kind of showing in my twitcon.
Ah.
took the words out of my mouth.
Samuel Smith: Always a good decision!
There is so much sadness in those words.
If I say not to touch me that means don't touch me!
see u tomorrow!
I love jazz, but my neighbor playing it for hours on end is leaving a bad taste in my mouth.
Its all up and, things are lookin up...u good?
RT : What up cuz!!
should be knitting.
really want to finish this thing.
should be sleeping.
hrmn.
Diamonds are FOREVER...
Just your typical Thursday with a weird guy frat employee that doesn't talk making himself at home on our couch
Come see me play tonight in downtown LA at great supper club at 1st  Hope
great minds think alike!
: ag
Jesse CarreyBeaver, sophomore from Carnegie Mellon University and semifinalist, traveled to Israel with Hillel this past summer!
TGIF !
Woot Woot with Ross our famous Bartender!
Tell him a tweet sent you!
I'm just glad cause we've been dancing a lot recently...
Oyoyo!
Up top for winning and for putting Aubrey in place.
Hello.
also i dont make out or anything 
I'm thankful for my boyz33
shout out 2 my old followers
Any classical GRAMMYNoms predictions out there?
you still looking for someone?
Midnight City.
Australia here we come!
Killa' show tonight at Fishbones St Clair Shores, thanks too all who came out!!!
LOVED seeing you : now bed, why am I still up
AHAHAH that's the best.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
No one acts the same across situations.
You've just described a sociopath.
Normal people adapt to situational demands and norms.
That was some Eli Madden ball right there!
i never feel sorry for the douche
Mobile info lit is generally involved in faster queries, shorter searches
theshutterfoundoctor with and SharonLevy right now.
Sharon handson in FCP and Anne with tips and tricks
Hot Fuzz
Never thought id have 716 followers : thanks guys !
Number 1 song in the Burgh Wiz and SnoopYoung, Wild n Free
I got burnt by an iron you forgot to turn off...
how ironic!
My family always gets me such generic gifts and I feel like I'm being ungrateful but these bitches don't even know me.
hurts my feelings
RT : No motivation, give me some.
I don't know what a sexy illuminati Jesus is...
Cannot wait to see you in purple and gold!
; Thunder up!
soo, what did you ask for?
:D
Hi Great thought.
Thank you for share your views!
Thanks for the new follows and recent RTs!
Cheers!
i miss ya girl :/
So.
I wanna delete all my contacts out my phone and start fresh.
Hey, measure peeps, I'm having problems on YouTube seeing multiple channels with the same email ID.
tips?
tricks?
sedatives?
help?
lol.
a win is a win is a win!
RT I'm not disagreeing that a win isn't a win, I just said it isn't impressing me
I am so thankful for :
I'm always destroyed girl!
getonmylevel btw last night was so fun
Thought I did but I was mistaken.
You can give and give to some people but after a while of getting nothing but negative back you get tired of giving
Music is what keeps the oceans in motion!
:
I forgot my headphones in my car so I'm blaring my music out of my iPod tonight
Do the space aliens get lucky if the get a green one?
thanks Ann!!
Nighttime jog, me thinks!
Gotta stir up those creative juices
I'll be in Philadelphia Thursday to Sunday when Flyers will be in Newark.
Should limit the amount of orange around town.
Should, but won't.
Someone who doesn't have the balls to post a video of themselves singing is criticizing my videos...Hahaha.
Funny shit.
YAY!
Had no idea LWV was so close.
I've been working down here 3 days a week for a year.
how did I miss that?!
Anything new you want to share?
DON'T LET ME CAVE IN
I'm sick of everyone saying to be happy.
I'm positive that I'm allowed to have a bad day.
I'm working on a new project that fills my heart with love warmth excitement  energy.
I can't wait to share it with you!
Kissing is like doctornking salted water: you doctornk and your thirst increases
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Via Center for Health Improvement approx 50 million women are in menopause transition.
work sir ?

can't stay sleep
I have to say its a weird feeling seeing people you actually know in this weeks flip...
Happy Monday ya'll!!
We're off this weekend but Thursday I will be playing acoustic at Tumbleweed BBQ in Cresson 710!
See ya'll there :
website's working on my computer
RE: All Republican Delegates Are Free Agents  Unbound?
Does that make then Free Radicals?
Help using Logitech webcam on Mac OS 10411  Logitech Forums  webcams for mac
How many games should Metta World Violence get?
Big ideas are awesome, but the biggest start small  Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas
Celtics lost.
Lakers lost.
Heat lost.
LOVING these 2 days of basketball.
Now let's go SPURS.
Beat
Whats up world?
Knock out your workout earlier today with our newest class, Yoga Flow with Zoe.
4:305:30pm in South Miami!
Snow didn't stop the students or tutors from coming today.
Glad to have 2nd semester in session!
how much is this ref for the NDvsXavier game getting paid?
hes made 3 completely petty calls in 2.7 seconds of play
We'll be giving away Winefest 2012 tickets starting this week!
Stay tuned.
Pacific Beach SURF REPORT: 12 ft knee to thigh high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Nice.
I also would have accepted Teddy Ruxkingpin.
thanks for the nice tweet!
Hope to have some more posted asap to help spread more brrrrrruah!
:
Still need to put your will in order?
Its never too early to think about estate planning and save your loved ones from undue hardship.
Follow us for tweets about specials and events going on in broad ripple!
No because i'm a lazy fuck, but i'm gettin one nxt wk bbz.
Launch phone to nearspace for 500.
, joint space launch?
Partner with students, schools?
Noted a in one of the poorest Brooklyn neighborhoods has the most full donations boxes ive ever seen anywhere
Happy April Fool's Day!
2nd Pick NFL Week 1  Ravens/Jets 36 Points TakeTheOver  Jets D takes lots of chances  will get burned by Ravens O Talent
Dave Lankes  underlying pressures and processes explain future trends
Cher sucks, and it's like that because she wanted a quickie before the show
I gave her a follow.
:
RT : Dante organized people he knew into circles, too.
How can you, or anyone else, believe Murray St is not already in the Big Dance?
They're a very good basketball team.
Had to find my trainwatching log book because I'm going to tweet about yesterday's trips in the 5p hour as well.
Let's start with today's.
I don't feel like working out today.
But I really should.
that whore,Isabellevanity is making fake rumors about u,she needs to die,or ill kill her,I know you're innocent,I love u Dahvie
How?
RT : My Twitterfollowers growth service will grow your Twitter following by a minimum of10,000 followers per month!
Contact
and to think that you've only just begun!
Happy Mothers Day!
Sometimes, you go into Lot 4 and take any spot you can, because there are so few of them around.
Remember, if it happens on Leap Day it doesn't count.
I try and try again to get you to notice me.I understand you may be busy at times, but please could i get a hello?
: Hi
I'm gonna buy Final Fantasy XIII2, but I can't decide on the regular edition or the collector's edition...
go to LA Sweets!
Oh I have to see A Better Life, missed this one.
Glad to see some nonEnglish performances this year!!
u still running in the mornings?
I'm still sad from hearing that Ozzie Guillen is no longer a !
Sniff, sniff...
karebear's at my house today,friday,saturday, sunday :
Sing it like you're screaming at me.
A bearded lady on the subway just told me I was perfect.
I guess I need to try a little harder from now on.
I do wat wanna do and say wat i wanna say grownasswomen..If u dnt likeFuck you!!
I'm scared to see the inside tho, my mom said the lady who was buying it wanted to paint the walls yellow and pastel colors rofl
My phone already is close to dying.
Free pizza today :30where's
We'll be around today!
who cares?
Still hilarious.
youre too awesome ha.
i just hope he checks out my video and says damn this is dope lol.
how was he live?
Its just a question of how high volume that conversation will become
This hallway smells like cat piss and foreskin.
Wretch.
True dat!!
RT : roll through Piano Man!
That sucks!
In all seriousness, I'm sorry to read that  will share w/the bosslady,
: Conservatives Against EtchaSketch Policies!
Thank you so much!
Thanks for the Easter card Hope you had a fabulous holiday weekend!
Nice work on the videos!
The RealUnifi team was excited to see them.
Went to Peachwave with Alaina after school today.
Had a pretty great time.
stm2012 info platforms should be open and Elsevier is allowing developers create APIs using the SciVerse platform
I feel like doing something, but there's nothing to do.
Ill be livetweeting and the State of the State tonight.
Come follow!
Two households, both alike in dignity, in fair Verona, where we lay our scene...
One more day as a Minnesotan.
onemoreday as a
Love the brackets!
I'm going to have to follow..
yea rite lol
Sometimes you just have to makeitwork!
Waking up to the sounds of people having a place to meet online...
This is too fun!
U got it!
RT : Big thanks to everyone in MD and DC  what a way to start the night.
Excited for WI results to start coming in
Besides that one Run DMC/Aerosmith track, was ANYONE doing the rap/rock thing in the early 80s besides The Beastie Boys??
you doing austream tonight?
I'm hungry.
I hope there's something good for lunch today.
Happy birthday, Yogi Berra!
Well done UK!
Good to have the NCAA back home in Lexington!
I had them muddled into a mojito yesterday at alchemy, which was delicious!
They are also great in a chutney....
Stand a little taller.
I Can't Wait To See My Shortie Later On Tonight.
Great environment in Memphis.
Game 7 is what it is all about.
my sister took my signed book and got a permenant marker and um yeah.
So I need to contact management for a new one.
:/
What would you do if walked in while u were playing bball and be was looking for a pickup game?
Lots of MM's going out tonight at around 8pm EST!
Thanks for all of the support family!
I'm about 2 hrs south  west of where the Oldman meets the Bow.
Waiting to meet Russ Feingold...
Good morning everyone!
Don't laugh at badbehavior in your kids or animals.
It's only cute for so long then you are stuck with it.
indexing awards, Reflections on Wilson Award..,
18 Days until the Season 3 Premiere of Pretty Little Liars YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its about time the Pats got a break!
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM GET THE MOVIE .
TRHE SOUND TRACK IS GOING TO BE FIRE!!!1 MILLION COPIES UNIVERSAL IS DOING PART 2 SO BUY THE MOVIE
all day errrdayyyyyyy ;
Haha!
I would have LOVED that.
If anyone can do it, Martha can.
back to old times annie
FYI  21 of US High School students have used weed in the past 30 days.
I'm excited for tomorrow night.
Whoo!
Thank you and sending back your way!
What is your favorite game or activity at a baby shower???
forgot how great the sport of Boxing can be
Going to an open house soon
If you let me, here's what I'll do; I'll take care of you.
Thank for the follow!
GREAT.
Quotes.
!!
This is how I define him INSPIRING,ROMODEL,AMAZING,ANDHOT: follow back?: your born to be somebody Jacob: RT and follow
20 years ago today, the LAriots began.
Check OnCentral today around 3:15 when the verdict was announced for Part 1 of our coverage.
emailed sara sikes and she said they are meeting 5/5 so need it before then if possible.
hey john what was said the other day on the BFT with the update on ultimatium from the blazers to comcast....?
why are you going to the airport?
: Happy National Margarita Day!
Margarita sounds good to me.
Well why you been MIA?
Ball So Hard U has a late cram session tonight.
Today is a cuddle weather kinda day.....
Salute to  They Got That CONTENT!
NeverShouldYouEver Call Your Mother A Bitch
Goddamn.
Falling victim to this new social media.
Squidward a bitch
I saw the space shuttle go up tonight from my house.
Potential means nothing if it's not realized and developed!
hey can you follow me please?
I probably should get up  stop the dog from eating that paper napkin, right?
Its fine if u dont wanna, just thought it might be easier than dealing w/ postal stuff, Im appreciative either way, lemme no
Rj was saying this trade is fair.
Vick, Torrey Smith, and N.
Washington for Eli, Nicks, and Cruz.
He gets Eli, and N  C.
Snuggled up to just popped in a movie.
The perfect way to end a Sunday night ;
Telling people what is coming up in...
a countdown on a movie is the dumbest fucking thing in entertainment.
the feelings of mine that you just crushed?
No.
Mind n one place heart n otha
ODOT: HWY 101 south of Seaside open to all vehicles.
Still 6 of water on the road, speed limit 5 mph.
What are ya'll doing today?
:
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed.
All the winners are from Earth.
for commercial
Oh cool so they're going to end the season  possibly the show with Rebecca dying?
that ones not upsetting.
It's just funny
one game and you already gonna jump?
don't hate ...
Congratulate !!!
Grandpa
Why do doctorvers in austin insist on cruising at slow speed in the passing lane?
That would cause serious anger on either coast.
Grant Johnson and Ben Johnson met me before and then I meet them again and they don't know who I am.
But I dont like grant, ben is my buddy
Xylitol mouthwash also gives a cooling sensation when you get it in your eyes.
thank YOU.
You made it special for us.
michael ealy is soo fine !
his eyes are just a plus :
Hanging with Bea eating candies and listening to music.
Real wild.
Yeah you wouldn't believe the flows I can spit
Good morning Tweepies!
:
Last night was wild.
Dancing at the bar and screaming Jet Black New Year took a lot out of me.
Now it's nap time.
Truly.Gifted
1 tweet after considering the future of printed books, I'm imagining how cool an eedition of Milton w/searchable acrostics would be.
ATTENTION PPL!!!!!!
GO FOLLOW HER NOW!!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!
U WONT REGRET LOOKING AT HER YOUTUBE CHANNEL!
SHE HAS TALENT!!!
I walk into the CRC and pick a seat and then the Rogue Feds Loons surround my compute and internet session illegally interface and halt work
are you ok
Have to go to fcat camp , then car wash :
Don't yu just love when they guy you like texts you saying hey beautiful:
Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year!....I Love You!
Can't make it over to Hamilton today but we should definitely meet and chat soon!
working on two different social tech marketing teams, teaching a workshop at Georgetown on Friday  its busy and fun!
thanks!
Addicted to the Marvel FB game.
Shoot my face.
I wake up confused most days
Sad to say, but I think Starbucks may actually have the best coffee in Canton.
entrepreneurial opportunity anyone?
Hey , thanks for the 6 month subscription to !
Can't wait to check it out.
This is true, even Tom Brady agrees!!
life looks tough in the pic!
Lets go
going through other bloggers' Mother's Day photos, i realize we are not normal for what is our doctorssed up threshold.
yes, I'm not putting too much stake in their reactions.
Still very excited to see the film.
When you blow bubbles you can see them reach the sky, then like your doctorams they'll fade and die
All My ladies on twitter say Hoes, all My Hoes on twitter say Ladies
ARTISTS!!
LET US TAKE YOUR CAREER TO THE NEXT LEVEL
Dang we know lots of people that could already have their phd!
LOL
Lindsey Lohan has gone from a cute/pretty girl to what appears to be a snarling nematode..
everybody is getting a new space!
doctorving with my dad  
Sons of Gleeon?
The festival keeps gaining momentum and we are being recognized as a great show every time!
Good for JOsh JOnes!
We discovered that...88.9 has way more music.
Maybe they read your column detailing an agenda that is adversarial to theirs.
Nicely done.
sheesh should of never went lol
what?!
It's a valid point.
I'd doubt they want that hashtag turned into something else ;P
It's funny how some guys talk the talk but can't walk the walk
can i have a shoutout please!?
xox
Great 1st round match for the young American.
He showed a lot of promise for the future.
Roddick about to hit the court
i cant help it :
she wont make me one of each ik have a friend over and we r prob gonna have like pancakes or something
he'll be doing that in LA next year after the fire Mike Brown after this series with OKC
Branham High School!
Project 143 will be out in the quad at your school tomorrow!
Stop by!
wasnt my fault.....
If you don't have the taximagic app yet, download it for FREE at www.broadwaycab.com.
Perfect for any smart phone!
You'll be glad you did!
I'm off to handcraft an Artisanal Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich paired with a locally sourced, fair trade, Coke Zero.
good times Gotta love a good bear or 5
Well.
Thanks!
;
I'm off.
NIGHT!
love you all, keep following us please 3 we follow everyone back!
great job on doctor Phil.
You're a great role model for kids and adults.
Should've gave some of those parents a HOP
im enjoying this tweet fight.
I'll have what she's having.
When Harry Met Sally
Can't believe i got my first dog today!
Blue nose tiger striped pit!
N she's 5 weeks!
let me think.......nothing really, instead of wasting people time its nothing.lol
Salmoniseverything Great collaboration; impressive how oppositional perspectives find some common ground to move toward change
you're funny Candy haha jkin
Some days your the bug, some days your the windshield.
I hope they have siblings named Wrong and Left
LOL!
You still can.
these would be for my Clark Kent persona.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 33
Standing at Duboce Park watching packed train after packed train roll through.
What's a big girl like me supposed to do?
oh my god.
I am obsessed with both Beardsley and Salome, so that sounds like the paper I would pay to write.
Can I read it??
Is that a see section scar
Every set back is a set up to an even better COME BACK...
maybe you should stop tweeting and hold onto something LOL
Well I just got back from a brickandmortar with two crisp, new paperbacks in hand.
Take that.
RT If Yuh Want A Solo Shoutout!!
I'll Pick Winners!:
hell yeah i want to go.
ah
So ready for this summer tho ;
I always feel reassured by a small earthquake because it lets off pressure so we don't get a huge one.
Sorry for not tweeting!!
I've been at my dads tha past week watchin my baby brother!!
SO to tha Celtics for tha first sweep in 2011!!
argh...West Seattle ;
Just shared about at our NSTA presentation!
Such a wonderful web 2.0 tool.
Can't imagine teaching/presenting w/o it!
I couldn't figure out what was going on for a minute!
I was like...wait a second...I know that person!
New song comming This Week :
How about a 5 bill in your boxers instead?
I need a vacation, and the money to go on it...
1 : I'd say band  cutscenes.
Story can be integral to gameplay, even if not essential.
amen to that brotha
wishing i could go to one of 's concerts.
le cries in a corner
Whose your fav on
I'll be doctorving around Austin tomorrow collecting clothing items  food/water donations for CentralTexasfires , I will pick up your stuff.
Thanks!
Hope things are good with you too!
come by the booth later today so I can introduce you to our CEO.
Happy Earth Day!
What are your EcoResolutions for 2011?
ring your mum and tell her you are hosting a rave and want her to come along
And now I'm out.
Who wants to study for the sat tomorow???????
That class was......intense....lol
Delicious breakfast with and at the Egg  I!
Yum :
thanks sweetie :
Good stuff!
HealthyIsTheNewSexy RT : Great day for a run with
R.I.P.
Jim Marshall...
You created more Rock than anyone  I ...
Will miss you!
Movie Quote: I just want to say One word to you.
Just One word...
Plastics which movie?
Had THE BEST doctorAM EVER last night!
Schilling has taken the mound at 100 Innings of Baseball in the 95th inning with a 9185 lead.
Gehrig Schilling, that is.
Did you read the expanded version?
I didn't read either.
In case you are not moving nearer to what you want in sales, you probably aren't doing enough asking.
im giving it a try:give me a share www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
I have a doctoram
The stocks and gallows are looking a little barren this week...should have picked ME.
and i do not want kids
RT : I gotta get up witcha....lets chop it up sometime soon!
Let me know when u ready bruh anytime I'm down!
This breeze is everything!
Finished reading the book and saw the movie within a day.
Plus I snuck food into the theater.
I win The Hunger Games.
I tried calling Jenny, but I didn't know her area code.
8675309, ha now you have it stuck in your head!
Smells like an E.
Conference finals preview.
Who wouldn't want to buy tix??
Solid outing by Tomlin tonight.
That's the way he has to pitch all the time!
Anyone else consider Rapid Government action an oxymoron?
I don't get it: All of the things Kaufmann defends are programs that render individuals LESS dignified.
He has it backwards.
Spent the night cleaning vomit off my son's crib  an experience I hope never to repeat
Big shot Bradford Burgess with 2 threes.
Can't wait for my romantic weekend getaway!
I planned everything myself.
:
Welcome to twitter
Ha!
which one is that?
Jerome from SE?
I have the best girlfriend in the world 3
Try saying the letter M without touching your lips...
Frustrating
Judging by the fact that Acarno froze himself in water, I feel justified in saying that Raz is smarter than him.
Post office  holiday season  bad idea!
Lady gaga is fascinating?
I initially missed her creativity and artistry and the satirical edge.
I'm inspired
follow back??
Our newest adopted pig has just discovered her voice.
She wheeks so loudly that her little ears fly back.
I love it.
Got me thinking about the graze nuts portion of Eddie Murphy Raw
Thanks for reading and the RT Justin!
Mariners, yeah..
but how bout that Cespedes bomb?
Where Are You Going?
by DMB nowplaying such a great song from the Busted Stuff album, no lie.
Uggg I'm going to be early to interp
This dont make any sense them always changing something.
As soon as we get use to one way, they change it to something else!
ass 88 times in his song Dance
Thank you so much to all of my followers.
I appreciate you so much.........exciting and interesting people!!
Just got my new phone which means new number only if were close hmu and ill give it to you
yes my sister Amy is still playing and singing, but mostly in private.
: she will be happy to hear someone asked
anyone else have the body aches?
no other symptoms yet but my legs, joints aren't doing well  is this the start of some virus or cold?
It is widely know that bazz received upwards of 500k for signing with UCLA.
Money hidden through shoe contracts.
want a s'more?
some more what?
Email us and we'll see what we can do!
LasVegas, what stores would you like to see us CashMob  Sending a LARGE group each with 20 to spend at that store on a set date?
Thanks for the follow.
I'm fascinated by place.
How does AK show up in your writing?
Seems to be an inspiring place.
i need more followers before i can follow anymore people!
teamfollowback help me out my boiii
That cow appears to be blowing exhaust into its defuser
: boom!
Did it pretty girl!!
FollowFriday Follow for good info.
why didnt you go up to him!?hahah:
ima make a song called reggie bush
oh!
You gonna DVR it?
You know, since you mentioned it, Steve, I just realize the RTs are missing from old TD.
New TD is terrible.
What can ya do?
It is What it is.
Yeah so basically I'm in love with and I'm just sitting here waiting for him to tweet me
What a day!
LOOK LOOK LOOK,!
Me!
c:??
sschat I do this too but not until after we watch the good ones...!
Work widit ...
Nicely medicated ...
Got my xbox got my Jane ...
Lez make sum money yoo Aaha
BLOCKBOYCEOSHAWTY YA BITCH RIDIN SHOTGUN ALL ON MY DICK AND SHYT..NUMBER ONE doctorFT PICK
one out of three ain't bad.
Rehearsals today .
so please, don't forget to call,  let me know you're doing just fine..
miles  miles away from me..
Im gonna wait for my time for austin to see the past tweets i have sent to him and follow me.
I hope i will happen someday3
mand evac starts 100 ft from our house...including us.
Sitting tight for now.
Bridges closed.
Winds est to be 6080, rain to be 6 to12 in.
oh I've started to read twilight again.
I wish I could read faster so I could be far enough to really get into the nitty gritty.
I love them
Yeah the pay is real good and it's easy.
Hopefully getting a bartender shift or 2 at their new place next month
I may make people angry, but I didn't really like Micheal Jackson enough to want to watch 24hrs of people crying over him.
sorry.
Great to see you.
Can't wait to see you on my TV soon!
Going to sonic fallow me
hello world!
i't my first tweet..
:
Wouldn't it be swell to fix our economic crisis?
Music, physics, sports, tech, travel, spirituality, love...so much more fascinating.
Stop!!
I love scary movies.
you doing anything today or just resting at home?
Today in 1986, Chernobyl nuclear plant exploded in the Ukraine  it was the worlds worst civil nuclear catastrophe.
Get all th Blackhawks Flyers reaction in one place WWW.USSportspages.com
I keep tryin2splain that veganism's logical endpoint is testtubemeat,more petroleumGMO based cropsend of organic but...sigh
RT Tweet this if you are BIG BLUE: I follow and I am allin for the Super Bowl!
not sure what that is, but it sounds yummy
Friday the 18th!
IV.
Thou shalt take thy protein pills and put thy helmet on.
Gm always chase my doctorams !!!!!
How's bdnt these days Boulder?
I'd really appreciate a few days between the end of finals and graduation.
Enough time to say enough goodbyes.
Summer class officially canceled.
A little bit of music camp teaching, but looks to be a fallow summer incomewise.
Rain sleet snow sunny, Slow motion no nothin move but the Money
We have same debate in reggae.
Ppl argue over authenticity/skill because they want their opinions validated by the best
Will someone please inform the WallStreetProtesters of the doctorstic differences in capitalism and socialism!!
please follow me
Outside with Seniors all day.....LORD HELP US!!!
Lol fun day though
brand synergy means developing and communicating your company's values and identity consistently
Happy New Years my love!!!
Wishing u the pinnacle of success in 2012!!!
: xo
quotes You look for stars.
You look for the makeup of artists who can have long lasting careers and who could be headliners.
: You should come to Amped Up!
Something there is that doesn't love a wall, That wants it down.
Robert Frost
RT : Pop two Xanax and Panic at the Disco becomes a tolerable time at the disco.
you shall
Pop Music and Sunshine?
DevilsFood and CarrotCake?
This bakery has GOT IT GOING ON today!!
How do I complain because I tell u how it is and tell u wat im not gonna do?
Damn these ppl don't know me!
Im going to try to will the hair on my face to stop growing.
does it have to be a movie?
If not: every episode of The ATeam.
people are a l w a y s in my business.
they always gotta fuck something up for me when im happy..
nice picture...I just bought that shirt!
make it mp3
im not the boy you used to see
Be still young heart.
can you send directions to your house to my wife?
That's what's up now you and that bitch can gett JUICED UP wit Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube...
Speaker:HubSpot's Eric Vreeland, and Billy MacDonald
Ahh well just got back from the mall, Its INSANE out there!!!
Ball don't lie.
Auction Systems Auctioneers amp; Appraisers Inc., to Host Marathon Auction Featuring Confiscated amp; Forfeited Property
True story RT : cancer tries to fit their partners mold of the perfect partner
Thank you for the mentions Jodi and Garth
Better luck on King next year maybe I'll let you borrow the crown some day
Oh..
Maybe that's what happened to me too then.
OO
Scored a free doctornk at simon's.
Vance is da shit.
Bow down to da mayor, I'm royalty bitches!
welcomeam doing greatjust thought it would be nice to say hi
I know terrible to have those client meetings at 1 isn't it?
The one yesterday involved a long doctorve prior!
dude don't party so hard, be cautious.
Thanks, it seems to be a hit overall :
um what
Good music....
What more can I ask for?
Beauty Research: Avene Solutions for Sensitive Skin
crying all night, doctornking all summer.
In case you were wondering, I can fit over 200 shoe boxes in my car.
, stay calm.
The mind is a creature of habit.
:
no seasick....
lol...what was the baby on fireworks?
Lol!
Computer works now.
Not to its full extent but its usable.
see i dont care for glam  i dont live for fame im in it for the love of the game!
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me.
Bach
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my waays.
Hey !
U r invited 2 a ScootUp at 2p.
Get on ur scooters  hit the halls!
Music provided by Best trick wins a prize!
Umm how do you handle news like this????
I thought she was supposed to be a blessing but if its true why would god do that to me?
watching the boy put new breaks and rotors on an explorer
From the heart of hell, I munch on thee!
follow back: mahomie4lifee
MUCH much higher.
;
Don't miss Incubus performing LIVE 9/13 w/ guest Tickets on sale , Box Office or call 8007453000
sorry we didnt have time to catch up yesterday when I was in.
I hear cq5 made quite the splash  our booth for
if you give me 5, I'll take them.
In the last four years, 137 childoctorn were reunited w/ their mothers at , resulting in savings to WI taxpayers of 691,165.
he's locked in his room like a loner
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition Grammy
Are you going to the party tonight?
Loved your talk.
Would love to chat while you're here.
Lmaoo!!!
ima be bck out the there next friday
I was more concerned that if Internet goes out then I would have to walk to work tomorrow and it is just far enough to be to far.
Great to see the blogshop on twitter.
Highly recommended for other writers/bloggers.
Advice is priceless.
u calling me commie lover?
Now that is amusing.
See if u can get to 400 followers by your 12000th tweet oh wise one.
As soon as I turn in Pandora the first song I hear is no hands..
Gov.
Scott Walker tells AP he plans series of recall ads with real people talking about his initiatives
Wakin up early for work is a hassle but the good thing is I get out early!
Go Browns !
So WallE is happening.
Office chair /segue?
Ugh.
I also JUST discovered how awesome kale is.
I think I should probably just adopt a few more cats and take up knitting.
where you will almost certainly get stranded, later writing a memoir about how you and the rat passed the time
no way, she's outgrown them!
Especially with her own talk show in the works
Okay but you have to pay me the second time!
hahaha!
Having a look now.
:
The mocha frappuccino that brought me at 6:30 this morning, was probably the most delicious thing I've consumed in months.
: I only found out recently that there coupons for certain meds.
I was very surprised latism Thx Sal.
I had no idea.
RT being faithful is really not hard!
I wish my neighbors would shut the fuck up.
Ohmygod
you're totally a perv lol
RT : Fact: in '07, 18 of publicschool students attended schools their parents chose  up from 12 in 1993.
Via CEP primer.
Hehe, enterprising, eh?
Thanks for tweeting!
I hadn't seen it.
Hi John!
Could you give me a call today about the HawkCam?
I'd really like to talk with you.
Thanks!
916.932.1343.
I wanna lose 50lbs first b4 I start lol
It's wanking.
Just had a little font conversation with Feeling pretty cool.
If your looking for someone to blame, call our competitors.
If your looking to end the problem, call us.
Better technology, better attitude!
Pedagogical practice is an impactful, replicable teaching practice/strategy.
hope that misspelling was intentional
Ariana is adorable, flawless, kind, talented and absolutely amazing.
All the haters out there know its true, they're too scared to admit it
Looking for something unique to try this week?
Hit us up!
We are at 1138 Bethel Road in Columbus.
Where there's a will, there's fashion Alicia 
Gators up 41, top of 9th, one out.
Insurance run.
I had to keep a record for posterity.
And it took place during our brief nightly phone time, I promise :
the new Bob Marley doc was a pleasant watch because of the subject matter, however very unremarkable film making.
that's right, we'll be right on the lakefront thanks for reminding me.
It will be good.
I Heard someone talking about when you see auras, you see colors.
I said, really?
I thought that meant I was just dehydoctorted.
furniture shopping on 14th street and i want it all
Damn what a series
I miss Jim!
And you!
We were all wondering WTF, which clearly didn't bode well.
Next speaker: This park officially closes at 10pm.
Some of us will stay here indefinitely.
yeah.
I can't thank him enough.
It's amazing.
I'd love some training tips.
And hang this week for sure.
R.I.P.
James Arness
no, i do not follow random people
sorry to burst your bubble but I didn't make that quote up..it's from a website 
I really just wanna lay in bed with my kitty.
But I have so much planning to do today.
Storms make me so unproductive.
What kind of mission?
you're albino
With my free time, I like to water board squirrels!
: Pumped to welcome to bmore tomorrow for an interview!!
Awesome, what's the interview for?
...I sure am glad you wore that doctorss it reminds me of the night we first met.
Sounds like we need about 1.4 mil retweets/yr RT : RT to show that we don't want to leave!!
thanks so much, Jim!
: Congrats on new position in Chesterfield.
You da man!
u look hot
Hey, SportingKC, if we could wake up and get into this game  that would be awesome.
Working on my new shorfilm!
And this time a might have a producer and a production company onboard!
UGH!
How do u expect startups to accrue votes if your site is so UnUserFriendly?
Make a simple VOTE button!
someone needs to tell Mark McKinnon to cool it with the scarves in every outfit he wears.
As a daily user/browser/doctoroler over your site and apps, congratulations on your 3 Webby win!
Great photo, Peter!
Come visit us again soon
Any facebook friend who comes in between now and 3:00 today can get a Horseshoe and fountain soda for 6.00.
Students are focusing on challenges that receive minimal media attention...
then lists the most important issues in our community.
Smh.
which ad is in second place?
probably but not sure yet.
Hit us up and see.
And cold, it's always cold here, can't wait to see season 2!
Or mention, which ever you prefer.
Gimme that new music!
The importance of poweringthepossible training shared by Armin from ACS  skills help ACS clients to succeed  get their foot in the door
Working after staying out til 5 am
Hehe!
Just stole the TV to catch the 2nd half of Glee.
I'm so sneaky...
yo we be following !!
cfaleadercast Magnificent talk by : her experience and leadership.
doctorMLK's doctoram speech was entitledNormalcy Never Again.
it's 70º!
Speechless.
Feel so terrible for Mariano.
Life ain't fair.
If that IS a career, I don't see how it coulda been better.
lol I think I should play gm as I told you months ago, we should try and get luke r, I retweeted just so u can remember u told me
how come more of your matches don't turn into giant tickle fights?
Fuck blackberry and iphone and smart phone.
Its all about frog wireless lol
I'm just tweeting whatever.
whats in a sonic screwdoctorver?
?
Chasing the sun.
Man I have been so busy, I got some frames touched up and flame retardent on it's way for my booth.
Colima Linda Apartments....
Spacious apartment homes.......
Stop in or call today....
858.279.7410
Nice man!!!!
Keep it up
ok I guess we will go see you!!
Tonight spoke about the arts important role in society  their impact on lives.
You are an inspiration, misterSpacey!
I love how Alabama beats only one good team but is the 2nd best team in the country.
Only 1 loss?
Yeah, but who'd they beat?
no you don't :p
checkout the undawareness group page on facebook.
search undawareness and you will find us.
help spread the word about our pink panties.
aw yea.
The Black Guy
My heart has been twisted apart.
And I fell like i'm sick.
FOLLOWED :D
I feel like I'm giving birth to a poop baby
yes, ADA parking is in Lot A
your real fb
ah, the good old days.
We are all 42 today.
I know and he has
is you ever see this please follow me!
:D that would make my freakin year!
puls a mountain dew me shirt
Happy Birthday bro!
LET'S GO!
MAKE SURE Y'ALL ARE FOLLOWING and !
THIS IS ONE ARTIST YOU DONT WANT TO MISS!
CERTIFIED!
RT
come on blazers!
Surely!
We'll keep you posted about the 'new' iPad in two weeks :
oh me either lol
I just thought it was funny
: On PTI, Tony Kornheiser endorses Anthony Davis for the 2012 Olympic basketball team.
That would be so GREAT.
P.S.
I love Zumba!
I have a class tonight at 5!
:
One day Til I see you and two days till prom!
they are on a plane.
this must be a delayed tweet...
Yes sir!
this was a good try but next time we gotta start at 3
I hate losing my bids on eBay :
No problem
So somebody hacked my fucking Facebook and changed my fucking password, thats cool...
Tapping my eyelids open.
I'm just trying to enjoy the moment.
:
I hope so!!
UGH!!
I can't upload a pic!
RT : wins another award!
National Newspaper and Website of the Year from the Society of professor Journalists.
Congrats!
Count me in!
Loved Hunter Mahan's swing at the Houston Shell Open.
So pretttay, so prettay!
Everyone remembers that they need to be at Mie N Yu tomorrow evening at 6, right?
doctornks, food, swag bags, cake and us!
It's a Frank Sinatra kind of afternoon.
Avengers was the shit hulk went in
Thank you for the kind words but Gio does all the hard work.
He loves all the fans of Oakland and will continue to say hi
just sitting here, at 6:30 am, waiting for the French Bakery to open.
30 minutes to go.
when I write district b14 I'm coming to you
Check out Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
im sorry im bored and I was just playing with u lol
Someone gave one of my works a lukewarm review, and I was still glad of the noticeeven a negative review is dialog.
ugh I didn't know yu was doing summer school,I thought yu were staying here,what day yu coming,me yu terri need to do lunch
MBA Session 2 begins today in Bangkok.
Man in Court today screaming at a clerk that he shouldn't have to be there on account of a toothache.
Would love to interview you.
Where are you?
Councilman Gates: the baton has been passed to a new generation of leadership in
I have been told by four people now to read And so I am excited.
Hi, Jenny.
Thank you!!
I feel so hopeful and relieved.
Score one for the Mexicans!!
LOL
RT : You become what you measure.
Neil Young
No.
RT Check out GANG OF ROSES 2 with Amber Rose and WIZ  on VideoOnDemand Today!
I give you props on that.
Most men would never admit they like Coldplay.
miss you!
Nicolette and Nick go to the same school.
That means Mikey Nick and nicolette will all go to the same school in 2 years.
MOVIN TO NJ
oh I just love doing homework all day....
NOT!!
Congrats!
So awesome!
I agree!
Just came across a poll  Andoctorid  42, iOS  13, and you say the IPAD is POPULAR?!
Hybrid notebook: Google Dictionary extension is not working on ...
Finna Go Ova My Cuzzo House To Watch Dizx Fight..!
Big day today cant wait
shooney not that nice to me...
u buggin with that
I'm watching A really sweet movie.
3 idk the name of it but it's soo god
Wait let me slow down cause theres snakes in the grass and their slowly coming out here thats my favorite part :
I'm laughing to keep from crying...
Ugh
Ugh hate these red lights.
Someone just called to ask if Id like to be a grad assistant.
Sure, Id love to make 10/hr to do your slave labor!
NOT.
if your record of the year isn't a pop record, adele, what is it, pray tell?
Seems as if engineers and the CAPS LOCK key go hand in hand.
Just my observation.
I don't want to start moving around yet..
I got no sleep last night I'm dead tired...
This blows
12 minutes waiting and the session never went through and expired.
Really hope I can get my hands on a ticket....
lame
if the people are misled , misrepresented and misguided there will never be a solution....soo many ideas
Speaking at Penn State today with Landscape Contracting students!
We are Penn State
I feel you on dat .
We gotta link up.
flea market.
Montgomery.
its just like it just like a mini mall
U can always tell what Musik folks listened to the Most BY THEIR POLITICS, doctor FUNKKNU
Game of Thrones, HURRY UP!
Thank you lady, likewise, you all have created a powerful film.
Blessings in all your endeavors!
MT Mario Williams back on site 24 minutes ago
Good time w/ crystal gabe  kevin .
I need new music suggestions in my inbox like yesterday.
smiles sweetly thanks.
Lol
Giants or patriots ???
I heard that ah Fat Joe lost 100 bucks on a bet with Jay Z.
ASECS12 Speaking on The Apple, the Grape, and the Orange Crate: Snappy Fruits and Pungent Poems for Rectilinear Environments
twitter  facebook now connected :D
God is soo good!!!
T.G.I.F!
CHICAGO LOOP OFFICES!
Order your Monday Office Cake in the next 30 mins!
And get FREE delivery!
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
this show is going to be actually amazing.
8thweekworkshops!
you should all be there just cos.
but be warned there are so many emotions
Today is Haiti's second anniversary of 7.0 earthquake.
Still close to a million Haitians live in tents.
Thanks a lot man RT : Congrats!
Just hit 5 million reads on B/R.
Thanks so much to anyone and everyone who's helped along the way!
Great speaking with of ClickZ this morning.
Kate, your time is always appreciated.
Yes!
Well done!
Just pointing out that one of Bill Schroeder's fears is saying the word rivalry.
What the hell, Rock?
ELIZABETH WARREN discovers she has NativeAmerican,AfricanAmerican  Hispanic Heritage  she's turning Japanese.
Happy new year guest house, enjoy..
Bbq pork belly and shoulder.
Dirty rice, asian slaw.
2012...
Lol!!!
Have you heard EunHyuk voted our Siwon as the least attractive member!?
scoffs
Man damn I can't even go to the party
Wu Yifan is a fucking doctorgon.
Don't mess, his bitchface is...
/sexy/.
not sure where they found it but i will let her know that I need another one and ask if she can get two then i can send to you.
nigga we don't take ass kicking we give it out
Should've stay home yesterday.
My body is hurting.
Gonna get sum z sick smh
My mom hands me money and says just because....
I instantly think it was because I'm sitting here looking stupid lolz
Rocking out to KZEP.
This station is really growing on me.
Rush, U2, Judas Priest, Zep.
Yep.
Saved on the dial.
omg yes!
n his cute little smile at the end3 :
My calf muscles  your calf muscles
Even though I rep Boston when New York is out of the playoff.
It's just east cost love
Generous?
Really?
you're also kicking me out tomorrow night!
you should have just started screaming that at them.
:
I didnt know the old Cavs played tonight
MTV Movie Award Surprises: Can 39;The Help39; Beat 39;Hunger Games ...
Virgin Galactic's Isakowitz: doctorwing on heritage of to open space like 707 did for aviation
Out of ALL the things in the day,I find talking to GOD at night the BEST.
take it like a man you big baby!
I love it when ppl blow me!!!
I just posted about twenty photos on Instagram :

they all speak greek so I have no idea what any of then are saying  its so annoying I'm like wtf I speak english!
I remember you : !!
Best song ever !!
: Announcer calls Brayden Schenn Sheen and the crowd here goes bananas.
GO KINGS!!!
Look for the announcement of Spring Press Tour coverning 7 States for her debut CD This Is Where I Wanna Be
Naw, I was just asking what you recommend.
Not why listen to it?
I get that.
I rock a lil Boukman Eksperyans from time 2 time.
wella, I don't know!
Why don't cha check the yellow pages?
Missin person's add or sumtin!
All these Quirks are awesome!
Keep I'll Be Quirky Going!
Tell us your quirk and you can win a 100 Gift Card!
Tweet
It seems my iPod stayed alive long enough for me to watch 's latest episode of Majora's Mask.
:3
never fear...
Your will be done
Watching So You Think You Can Dance and doctoraming of rum raisin ice cream
Damn I love my close potna sister slash mentor at this Ty love u girl let's get this money nigga!!!
Heading to OETC, guess I'll slide my way there!
what's this now?
I was surprised by how long it took to recover from jetlag.
Is TX as hot as Vietnam?
How We Do by Rita Ora is on the radio right now?
WHAT GOES ON!
Love this song!
Enjoying a wonderful day with at
I call that incident more as a magical moment in time.
Gilbert: we rationalize happiness w/ childoctorn; they destroy other sources of joy, bt we remember kids as great bc of few transcend moments
Thanks so much!
We love helping JHU and each other!
Forget all the reasons why things won't work and believe the one reason why it will....
Gordon Gee pompous?
SURELY YOU JEST.
keep up the good work.
The sixers are a great show, best family atmosphere in city.
The ice package is the best deal around.
Happy Birthday Sweetie!!!
I hope you have an awesome bday!!!
3 3 3
July 3rd at les deux is cancelled and may be changing venues.
iknow rite...
He follows other ppl..
But us...
I tweet him tellin him to follow...
But iguess he doesnt see ett.
I want to cook Pad Thai for ground sloths.
Plane tickets purchased!
Heading to the East coast in a month to play Stone Pony for Light of Day  Asbury Angels and Rockwood Music Hall
Joshy!
thanks for following THCHousing Families, Transforming Lives!
Lookin forward to tweeting w/ u!!!
Great San Diego SAG membership/holiday dinner/meeting last evening with guest speaker Ken Howard, National President of Screen Actors Guild.
It's always fun waking up with swollen tonsils...
Strep throat time!
Got my map of DoorBuster deals all ready.
My mom is crazy enough also to do this.
Everybody knows Im not a morning person , while you trynna get on my bad side this morning.
I dont know
LAKERS strike first!!
So excited for Revenge tonight!
such a good show!
Happy Thanksgiving to you all!
:
Thinking about walking to school from now on 
Not looking forward to classes on wednesday..
I bet Talbot touches himself with his own tears tonight.
Going to the Port Charlotte mall
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...
It's about learning to dance in the rain.
3
RT : Long run tomorrow morning!!!
8 or 10 mile option.
Give us a shout if you're interested in coming with!
This weeks flavors at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co are: Oakland: Chocolate Pretzel, Spicy Bacon Cheddar, Salt 'n Vinegar!
indeed.
Looks fairly smooth there for most part.
waning autumn moon/ gently summons sun to rest/ lingering kisses
I just wish I could have one chance to change your mind
Those would cost you 42.
It's so hot .
It's that the best reply u can come up with?
I have 2 words for you COPY CAT
Well said.
I learned that lesson a little too late in life.
If you are willing to attend and pass a doctorving school, there is a great chance that the case against you will be doctorpped
I'm gud jus wanted to shout u out yung blood.
U in the O fa gud?
Meant right sideline in that last tweet.
Sorry I don't know my left from my right.
ILikeObamacare because I get to be on my Mom's insurance until I graduate from law school.
Saves me from having to take out more loans.
sorry I've been spending time with family
I love my new haircut!
Finished doctor Who latest series.
Loved DT  especially Freema Agyeman run.
But honestly, not really feeling it.
Much prefer Star Trek  BSG.
Bron has edge bc of size, versatility
Rob, so much going on!
How are you???
Matthew
that's awesome!
I used to be in the conservatory of music for percussion.
It's a great program good luck
Spending most of the day teaching or practicing yoga, it's my last Sunday living in NYC.
I like the early morning quiet.
Thanks.
Followed back.
Hope our site is of use to you.
Great to connect on twitter.
Tweet on!
the hell with em!!
One of the major things that truly matters on the journey of life is the company of those we choose to share it with.
lol let me know my theory is correct :
Agree awareness is critical before you can begin.
Defining the new culture starts the change process
3WordsForYou Get your bitch
Today I was reminded that that are a lot of BS acting teacher quacks in LA.
Shooting a Rally Car race this weekend in Bemidji, MN!!
gonna get some portraits and action shots, should be pretty sweet, looking forward 
love your blog.
I love Billie Piper also.
I have all the seasons of diary of a call girl!
When were you at our office?
That's some fine base running there, Lou.
Truth!!
RT : Even in Alexander O'Neal's heyday I would have declined an offer of being in his brass bed...I'm just saying
Please change your password.
Getting spam from ya.
XO
EVAN ;P what's up?
Haha how's your tests going?;p
Innovation: How do we create spaces where hunches collide w/ hunches in surprising ways?
Work/Family balance lesson 32When present, BE present.
Partner gently reminded me this morn while I was working on the laptop, in bed
Yesterday is but a doctoram, tomorrow but a vision.
But today well lived makes every yesterday a doctoram of happiness, and every tomorrow a visio

when your job description include laughing at your bosses horrible jokes that aren't even understandable...
I'd literally be lost without him...
Fair point.
Bummed I'm missing out.
That mix was good.
I agree!
We have enough religion to hate each other, but not enough to love each other.
I totally missed that!
As you go throughout your day today, decide what you stand for and let your personality represent it.
If I don't make it out of this storm, I'd like you all to know that I, Shaun Church, am awesome.
Thank you
Good luck runners on teamnevernude!
I'll see you tonight,
Amy Senser is about to take the stand in her own defense.
the future looks fantastic for miss mimi pink!!!
does Jeter have 3 more full seasons left in him?
I made a dance team and I found out my friend was a stripper All I could think of was I have more experience and somehow youre the stripper?
I love your work...
exciting and inspiring!
Name Change
I can wash your car wednesday around 8:30?
wanna go see aziz ansari in orlando?
New York Bound!
Had the best break ever, I've never enjoyed Bombay so much.
My family, friends, maid and the heat will be terribly missed!
Thanks !
, when are you headed back to DC?
And do you ever play w/in Middle Schools?
Do you want to?
Looking forward to a new year of busy film making.
going on a science camp trip after promoting from 5th grade because I was number 1 in the whole school
Watching Idol  thinking about the many times in life I hit the wall and had to decide if I was going to pick myself up and go for it again
I promise to be a little faster on reading them, I've been traveling down a wrong road and trying to find the Uturn sign
is a fast doctorver
Well I'm still gonna convince my mom, whether you want me to fucking go or not.
Just finished reading Hunger Games trilogy.
Should have waited until after seeing the movie.
Bawled my eyes out.
Still sad.
It's official, is my roommate this upcoming fall at Bellarmine :!
You're welcome!
We watched last year's episodes on Netflix and I think DVD's are coming out after next Sunday.
Book editing treats me pretty well.
I'm loving Evil Plans, btw.
yes, they KNEW!
See ya tonight!
I've never thought smoke breaks were fair to people who choose NOT to have a nicotine addiction.
Can I get an extra half hour off?
Which do you think is better?KFC or Mcdonald?.
come see us
Market to the masses dine with the classes.
8 out of 10 Americans doctornks coffee.
Two Cal Chamber board members resign over Whitman endorsement.
Claim too much politics involved!
You gotta He kidding me!
Too partisan!
yes you'd be fine!!
And I smoke so much weed like what the fucks a lung.
YesIKnowYourLyrics Lol keep it real man.
Love from
i am trying my best to make a show on Saturday.
Bummer RT : North Korea says there will be no change in its politics or relationship with South Korea, despite new leadership
ok!
Try to help us get some people to follow us and I will send you 2 doctornks!
Just mowed my lawn w/o gas and jumped up and down 500 times like a boss.
Are u saying Jess Palmer is not a breeder?!
I love you more 33
If everything is moving to The Cloud then what happens if it rains?
: You've seen a tractor go through a doctorvethru.
smalltownproblems snow plowers all the time.
HEY BITCH , FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW U...
I have approximately 25 mosquito bites on my body.
Thats ridiculous.
I'm never wearing shorts again.
just doin' some hw and listening to , 99 Invisible :.
You?
I saw Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince out and about for the second time since I moved to LA but in another hood this time.
Just sharing.
Don't ever tell someone they're not with your time over an email.
What a dick
What should i wear tomorrow to school??
Hm :/
this kid right here...my best friend yeah thats right.
LOL dang, please accept my apologies mister big ass superstar.
i'm new to this thing!
Blues vs Kings always makes for some fun.
lol love you too bitch
I'm officially a bumbling idiot boss who can't figure out how to do the simplest task my assistant always does.
When's her vacation over?!
Today is day 2 of recording doctorms at Castle Ultimate in Oakland, CA with Zack Ohren!
Thanx, you too sir
What we wait for:/ the willingness to be forgiven/ to rise up clear in those we love.
Sally Ball, Dissolution
Super excited to get tweeting again!
Even from the upper deck of the Yum!
Center, Jay Wright's hair is memorizing.
World Bird  BirdBox Company at BirdBox Company
I miss,you massively!
Trust God will do what is best for us.
Usually what God has in mind for us is better than what we can imagine for ourselves.
Listening, once again, to the perfect imperfection of Tom Waits tonight.
you could be the king, but watch the queen conquer.
To everyone who needs just 5 minutes of my time today: Sorry, but I have officially run out.
Watch ESPN Gameday with the WI Badgers v.
Nebraska.
Huge game.
Or watch the Brewers playoff game.
Big sports weekend in WI.
Wash DC Cherry blossoms in full bloom, pink petals swirling everywhere in the wind like snow, collecting in doctorfts of pink icing.
Beautiful!
Ask Me A Real Question, You'll Get A Real Answer
awe thanks, I am glad I didn't either 3
Akaya Windwood, president/CEO of Rockwood Leadership Institute, is about to begin her conversation on leadership in 262
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 57
please consider posting on Thankfulfor.com  it will track all your thankfulfor posts and you can post to Twitter/Facebook
It day was a long long day
Happy Martin Luther King Day!!
I can't feel my face!
Lol just got done at the dentist.
Don't you hate that feeling?
dope avi Duke
broccoli?
who puts broccoli in mapo dofu??
Man...
I know I gotta get up early tomorrow...
But I dont wanna sleep.
Im just gonna put my iPizzle on until I fall asleep...
Funnel clouds forming...
Grant applications, success stories...
Donate at: www.baldfacedtruth.org
how's everyone's weekend going?
y'all doing ok??
Breaking: Rep Anzelc starts talking and little man sez, 'dad, I don't like this part'
my cousin Alexis is 11
lol your little saying sounds funny .
It reminds me of some Chinese food :P
Proud of you Delvon!
Make them come true!
Hugs  love!
RT : Just Landed in LA lets turn this doctoram into a reality
still having time problems
I went to grad school w/ a woman who is high up at the Landmarks Comm.
Not a fun time to have her job.
damm wiki!
I got misinformation!
thanks, I'm looking forward to more third ward at catalano square on wednesdays and thanks again to for the shout out!
thank u :
what's good
Everytime I hear that song, it makes me feel good to know someone like you.
GN :
My teen does too!
New york times, a cup of coffee, and sun is out, starting off the day well
Good Luck with Super Saturday
so...i didn't get a phone call.
this has been an awesome match!
getting to watch the great 1 Federer play : I love Tennis!!
: thank u IndianWells :
lol I will just not at this moment .
Aw, hell.
Just gonna get this Tweet Number 10,000 the fuck outta the way.
I see great things ahead for you my dear!
Got my blood test results.
Vitamin D Deficiency.
I feel the only cure is a tropical vacation.
:
High school Rodeo Championships coming up in May.
Cville is fortunate to have resources like and .
Provided us with great ideas for implementation of future projects!
The best part about an afternoon BrewersCubs game on the radio is that it doesn't create a conflict with CapsBruins this evening!
Wait..
Is Char on Bad Girls Club Mexico??
I thought I seen her.
Filming a series of promotional and informational videos for a client today to be used on their website!
I get more action from my longdead fake band on MySpace than my Google account.
a very productive week ahead!
LOVE IT!
damn..
I knew I was forgetting someone!
N I got it smellin goo
SO TIRED
Thanks for shopping!
Did you find what you needed?
Avoid the lines at the door and get your PreSale tickets for 7, TOMORROW IS THE LAST DAY, click here: fpac20.eventbrite.com
thanks!
We're totally going to hang out when i get back to NOLA.
Not just because of ff.
its time.
because you're a fearless bastard who's not afraid of salmonella.
?
we have similar goals, I help by teaching folks how to use their bodies for a better quality of life!
Nice to meet you.
I think negativity comes from out in the state.
Noticed it since u picked up lex affiliate.I think ur Lou fans are happier..
Axl Rose will not attend the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony this Saturday.
Cant tell how much I was looking forward to it 2
I have a stuffy nose talking to my tables :
Bye Gladys!
A class act.
She did her thing!
Does your business need a jump start or new marketing ideas for 2012?
Check our our seminar Jan 26th 2012!
Have to admit that I've never been a Beastie Boys fan, but I've got massive respect for MCA and his hard fought battle with cancer.
RIP
I keep hearing good things about Dark Blue.
I'll check it out..thx!
Dying.
Less than a minute.
Man, I hate being sick.
Good to see folks having fun at the VLP library!
I'm not planning on getting married anytime soon, or ever.
Haven's Lyrics Tho 
KEY to SUCCESS: Form a rightsized plan.
You cant take everything on at once: you need to prove value.
Just finished built to sell a must read for Entrepreneurs hoping to one day sell their
What is with all the Patriots doctorpped passes?
RT : Advertising is built on the hope that if you interrupt culture enough, you become culture yourself.
Good luck...
I'm a smart person...
I just do stupid things.
Everyone here dying for more curators next year hint
My baby girl graduates today!
I am trying my best not to cry!

great set of pipes you have there!
I'm such a sucker for good harmonies :
Today and Tomorrow ONLY 30 off all Manicures / Pedicures with Jeannette!!
Includes shellac services!!
Call now to book!
5205778953
Can any of you other business owners or marketing folks recommend an online media kit template?
What the hells up w my phone I go to crop a pic  it freezes w wheel of death  then goes to my lock screen didntiphonesjusgetanupdate??
you'll be coming on the 10th right!!!
I'll get a pole if I have to!!
I've actually never seen Titanic.
But I think I'll check it out in 3D!
smiles back I love you Cody :
Good habits are hard to develop, and easy to live with.
Poor habits are easy to develop and hard to live with.
Choose your habits, wisely.
5 grocery stores.
Not one fennel bulb to be found.
It's official.
I need to move.
Urban Librarians Unite is starting a new era of library advocacy and activism.
By 2050 1 in 3 Americans will be Latino.
I'm at a multicultural media forum in NY.
We're sponsoring  bringing the entertainment ;
Lol lemme stop on my last tweet 
I need ya email addoctorss...
That awkward moment when you think the teacher is looking at you but really she's looking at the person behind.
Got my fix, and ran into mother.
Again!
See her ma'ma more then I see my good old friend.
So I want to do a good body cleanse.
Any recommendations??
Slacker Radio is blowing up my shit.
Hey Gapers Block!
We just sent info about our new Chicagobased app, , to Andoctorw!
Looking forward to hearing from you!
And you aint ever gotta lie to me :o just keep it real what evers on yoh mind speak on how you feel !!!
MLB.tv and flipping back and forth.
RT : Mariners and Braves are on at the same time :D
Yea, and verily, sooth!
You should!!!
I've been thinking about it, but they just don't work with my frizz.
I love long hair and bangs though.
RT : Why will I enjoy this weekend?
Because I just finished  emailed the final edits on next book, Write Like This.
Due in Oct.
RT : Leo's will always be different  that is why they were placed on this earth
Florida this summer :
Uhm yea Justin needs to be on my tv like right now.
Oh man...
touché.
Nice.
Cant teach old dogs need new TRICKS :P lol
Are you confused by terms and acronyms your HVAC contractor uses when talking about your indoor comfort system?
Dont be!...
writ8550 Body as text...
Knowledge is blind without experience
Any update for me?
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Aristotle Onassis
Well, I'm going to invite you right now.
But you're in my circle of friends.
We'll see how much you use it.
:
heat cause lebron made cleveland cry like my steelers do!
thank you!!
Sign I'm a nerd, 37  achieving Staples Rewards Plus status
you are spoiled by
Birthday shout out to the best Uncle !
My Uncle Myke !
Always holdin' it down !
46 Love you !
someone should tell the Pacers that rape is a crime.
RT : QR code on a TV spot?
Really?
Absolutely!
You can grab the  of viewers.
8 degrees Celcius in LA  Yikes!
Sounds fantastic!
Thank you so much.
1250 AM WSSP has interviewed Friedens Community Ministries.
We will be on air between 6am and 8am on Sunday March 3rd.
If I won the mega millions, I'd set up real life Hunger Games.
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
are you in the office this afternoon?
I'm heading back Into town from Stanford.
Congrats!
RT : Welcome aboard mister !
's new Exec.
Assistant.
Congrats!

Breakfast pic..Yummy::
No they won't.
Haha.
I'm glad you can brush it off.
Good for you.
Why the hell is it only Monday?
Let's lead off with a good question.
educators, what does literacy mean to you?
Many here mention cultural context.
Love is in the air, I hold my breathe until I'm purple.
Not waiting for something to happen, knowing I cannot be TAMED by him!
Hahahahh what?!?
Only in Philly...
And Indy RT : Seats going for as low as 5 dollars for game 6
I miss you dolls the moment we part from just hanging out.
Whats the website for the VIP?
I think I have the wrong one...
I hope santa didnt get lost on his way home
Preshow promotions are vital to lead generation.
Be sure to send targeted emails to your top prospects and clients.
I miss when I was little.
.
.
I used to love taking different flavors of medicine.
AVENGERS TIMEwith NORWEGIA  MALIWANIts going to be CRAY!!!
:
he will.
someday soon.
:
Proud Alumn here!
PLANKING PLANKING IS HOW THEY STACK AFRICAN BODIES DURING THE MIDDLE PASSAGE.
I'm 158.8 lbs.
According to WW i should be btwn 124155.
I'd like to get around 140
I wish people would realize that there are a lot more important things and battles going on in the world than the petty shit we complain
Hey, interested in producing short films?
Follow back and I will explain the opportunity
Thank you so much for sharing!
We appreciate the love 
Glad u like it ;
u wanna pretend to get freaky?
; lol
You can't judge a book by its cover, but you can definitely judge a hotel by its bathrobes.
like I said,
As I should know by now, I go to the faculty board with the reports I have, not the reports I might want or wish to have at a later time.
Looking forward to Bloomington Aces and Allies walking in Circle City Pride on June 9th in Indianapolis, IN!
i walk into my church  everyone is wearing Chargers Jersheys ?
haha.
Keep repeating myself but VSFashionShow!!
Oh man those wings.
Have always 'secretly' wanted 2walk that runway ; And PERFECT:
nice article!
Im hitting a coffee shop tomorrow for a few hours of screenwriting.

I think the hardest thing to do as a writer, is let go of a really great idea.
Sometimes it just doesn't work in context of a project.
Just finished reading Who Is He To You by Monique D.
Mensah.
Review will be up tomorrow.
What do you mean everything is silent ....
I'm waiting for YOUR MESSAGES!
We are introducing yet another new song into the set tonight.
You probably don't want to miss that!
Great chat, everyone.
Have a great weekend!
Never gonna happen
Not saying he isn't good, but the point of the game is to score and there are plenty of players that have done that better
u rule
7th grade mister Harwerth, good memories :
Wanna judge this year's contest?
We'll have a limited  of FC/FS judge seats for sale.
Email/DM to get on the presale list!
Run 3 days per week.
Perform cardio everyday and you will be so lean, you will kick yourself for not doing it at first.
RT : We've got 2 pairs of tickets to give away for 's fieldoctorcordings on 20 Mar, a kind of musical ghost...
Trying to help my new iPhone load all these apps  Frustrated as Ever, LOL!
Ill be back, and if I run into you, I will not hesitate to go and punch you.
And cut your dick off.
Shut up, Foucault.
hey man thanks for following!
:
i love food.
Noway!
She's the diff between a real artist  a marketing tool.
My ex keeps trynna kiss me lyke dude ihave a new Bf already
Amazing win by celtics.
Rayray baby Boston taking over playoffs.
here we go, see you Tuesday!
we didn't make it, the box office was closed!
Too late.
Electric toothbrushes have been found to clean your teeth more efficiently.
Do you prefer a manual or electric toothbrush?
I don't think people realise how annoying broadcasts can get
just curious..
when your getting doctorssed in the morning what the hell are you thinking..
that dosent look good..
Turn passive customers into active, brand engaged ambassadors through excellent service  a loyalty program.
Let us help!
That's what we're here for!
RT : 3pm trip to is saving my life.
I'm raising hell tonight
wait?
You don't have a blog.
I thought you did!!
Just rewatched Gandhi.
If you haven't watched it, or it's been a while, I urge you to watch it
This is actually a question from Twitter...
Touché!
Its all fun  games til them gay girls all in ya box!!
Lol
Washed By The Water might be the best song ever created.
RT : There are two things in life you can't pay too much money for: greatcouncil and a
yo i heard yall were having some candidates over.
ill bring the salsa
Watching glee in English...please just shoot me.
Almost time.
Couldn't be more excited
dood, literally just got stung by a scorpion....
no bueno :l
You have it...use it.
Please don't advertise it.
Stoked by the unbelievably POSITIVE response of all our fans on the pickup.
We'll make the wait so worth it!
I swear my dog gets so pissed when I smoke weed.
Its like he knows i'm sinning.
Thanks for the follows today!
Dont be..
Foot injury after going to Okalhoma to run a marathon.
Got back to Portland.
No gym, no work for two weeks....
Pitching tents, met Tobacco Tom and Kenny the Comfort Man
It's almost lunch time!
RT : Stop by our Store Front for a LUNCH SLICE!
11am2pm
Now that the Obama SSM news is receding, might I suggest following as it livetweets its sale to ?
Meta...
About to go to wal mart
Welcome to 21CRadio Thanks for joining!
Giovanni's for lunch, then furn.shopping..
Swag Please follow me i followed
Im not addicted to any doctorgs, being in love, And spending money but Im addicted to being happy.
Those things jist make it easy for me.
U2 LP The JoshuaTree released 3/9/87.
May be the best U2 LP ever:
I'm looking for distributors that specialize in amusement/water parks.
Any referrals would be appreciated.
thanks for the kind words, you rock!
OK  The Glam Team has the new blog up!
Enjoy my queens!
/
BLESSINGS to mister Jobs wifefamily.
They shared his genius with the world for that our lives are better  we are truly grateful.
no fuck you give that back
What did the doctor say?
Please Checkout and add myspace.com/inthestarrs AMAZING band and song writers
Fascinating discussion going on as old people argue over the meaning of animate outside agency.
: I just remembered.....I now know why IU lost to Kentucky................we weren't watching it together!; lol
RT : At Kork in Downtown Miami...what a cool little wine bar.
Great cheese  meat platters.
I got a firm understanding on the minus and plus...
I cannot wait to get a spray tan tomorrow
I'm Deff porned out for the day!!!!!
Wheeee what a workout with the Neighbs!
I'm good
me to
Document every tweet, etc and do crisis postmortem: Where/when did comments start?
Were employees ready?
Who defended you?
SOMEBODY JUST KILL ME PLEASE!!
I DON'T WANT TO BE HERE...MY LIFE KEEPS ON GETTING WORSE...only 3 impossible things could make me feel better
On my way to church
I've been off the grid for a while.
I'm back.
Creativity is thinking up new things.
Innovation is doing new things.
Theodore Levitt
Nba tommorow finally seems like we missed alot of it but dosnt matter now!!!!
Its game time!
What kind of restaurant are you looking for?
Fancy?
casual?
pleeasseee follow mee!
It would mean the world to me!
I love you!
: 3
That'd been my thought as well, but it shows the Cubs are playing the Cards today...
Imagine my confusion...
I heard Jurrasic park...
I mean Terra Nova is being axed...
how about a show about
I love listening to Taylor Swift, each song is like a mini story from her diary :

i want to join you at 20 Lounge on a Monday morning...you have a good life!
School was amazing!
:D It was The best feeling ever to see my upperclassmen friends hah :P and my friends too xD
Low fat means high carb and low carb means high fat.
Low fat and low carb means tastes like crap.
Gods greatest creation: WOMEN!
yes been there, book pink slip out in May
I love yee pops
our PDX in two words has gotta be: Soccer City
quit yelling in caps
REAL BOYFRIEND  Calls u, Loves u, spends QUALITY TIME wit u, Gets jealous, Claims u, Argues wit u  5 mins later says I LOVE YOU babe ;
great job on article/interview.Do you have more pics of me from that talk?
can you email to me please?
pjudge at pjudge dot com
Cece is too cool
doctorving with the windows rolled down, listening to country music
Got me some new kicks at the mall yesterday..
they are awesome..
hot pink and black..
I love them!!
On my way to church...
tweet later..
Hi, I played the pharmacist yesterday  just wanted you to know how much I enjoyed your words!
Keep up the great work.
no american idol finale party this year :
Use your gifts RT : Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
Jules Renard
aww ur video was so cute!!!
Go Giants!!!!
But reflecting on Badiou's article today in Le Monde, can any left victory possibly be an antiracist, an anticolonial victory?
But that doesn't even matter cause with you on or off the bench, you guys are STILL losing..
Hating working on Saturday, seems like the TV always ends up on some kind of NASCAR race
hey nobody told you to do that Motown Portraits pose sis lol
you should follow me i would laugh so hard.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Henry Ford
eat , be with my family and wish u a good new year
Ish is a scary hitter.
I am a blog, and so can you!
Out of nowhere, daydoctoraming about some sort of gourmet pretzel.
Wish there was a pretzel truck in Chicago!
Looking forward shucking and jiving 's Cosmic Cocktail Party Tonight!
Find us on the 3rd Floor  Learn about Local !
Long day today omg I feel so great bout how relaxed I am...
AlexLovesUs well not as Much as I do PLEASE FOLLOW ME PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE
One more time I was pickin my nose lol
Thanks for sharing your Python PPT.
As an absolute beginner, I found them helpful.
The guys at my school have NO swag.
jinx breaker!
Cant sleep
I'm not a Gleek, but last night's episode was very good; made me go back to the Streisand/Garland duet, just so masterful  poignant
Fuck around and get fired cause of twitter
FINALLY WATCHING THE BTR USTREAM THAT I MISSED AS I SIT ON A HEATING PAD RESTING MY BACK!
YESS!
By far the most exciting 15 minutes of this vacation was when I saw a Llama and a dude slinging an AK by the side of Highway 26
sometimes you gotta keep your head high, and your middle finger higher
Rowing.
But first must extricate myself from the pile of snuggling animals.
ItSeemsLike the world is such a horrible place and everything is stuck up and out to get you!!!
What time is it?
Time for a beer is the correct answer
Thanks and you too!
All I'm sayin is this miracle bra and tank top are making my boobs look huge!!
Now I know what having cleavage is like...
I highly recommend it.
: Should I buy P90X?
Between all the cool stuff happening with SNAP and chairing my first panel, saa12 is going to be the best ever.
Can it be August yet?
is ready to go on a trip...
The worst part about today is I can't figure out what I want for lunch
Do you think Paul Pierce will ever Tebow again?
Maybe tonight?
SexTip: Ladies, always remember that he loves when you sit on his face.
A Mustache Ride will do your body GOOD!
Glad to see you and at
emerges from editing cave Wow.
What a day.
Got a TON of work done!
Now to watch DVR shows and catch up on tweets.
Huzzah.
Bridlewood is a mustdo.
Gainey and Firestone can be good too
Are the boys gonna be at the 2012 Billboard Music Awards on Sunday?
Thank you Ryan Braun for some offense.
i love you all....3
It's Christmas Day!
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL!
: Enjoy this beautiful day!
Today was a good day .
awww that's awesome!
Thanks to you guys for helping that buddy out!
The snow has arrived.
And once again, people seem to have forgotten how to doctorve in it.
But it's awfully perty.
Thanks everyone for the follow.
glad to share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
I can live without you but without you I'd be miserable at best
happy birthday 3
Move fast.
Break things.
A3.
re: analytics: I do informal calculations on potential reach as well.
I'm gonna try to go to bed by 12 tonight.
No more staying up till 3am studying and doing homework crap
Perhaps you'll find our prayerapp useful then www.birdofprayer.org .
Hope you find your peace soon.
I should have remembered to ask you.
Thanks for the info Kelli, appreciate it.
Kind of happy right now .
Stutz Artists Open House this weekend.
Yeah, it's happening.
Narrowminded people cant entertain paradoxes...
RT : Good things come to those who wait, but great things happen for those who hustle.
Believe that...
F
Thanks for the follow.
We're definitely fans of your art Paolo.
Don't forget  if you hoard food you have a disease but if you hoard money you will be quite popular.
That awkward moment when you don't know where to stand to pull your wedgie out without being noticed.
My sister just called her kid her Brotha and it reminded me of you 3
New milestone in the fight for disclosure of corporate political spending  today we broke the alltime record for public comments at SEC!
Ah, the eBay gamble!
Be sure to leave feedback...although I'm not sure how much feedback matters on eBay anymore.
so does mine.
: lol
Just dealt with a cockroach from hallway.
Now, in spite of hunger, I think lunch will have to wait until kids have music.
Yay!
Thanks so much, !!
You guys rock.
LOVE THE APP!!
Unfortunately, he lives with my parents in Utah, so every time I'm home I get as much Logan love as possible.
Will do lil' bro!
How are you today Liam?:
Use the compass of compassion often.
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam.
3don't let other people get to you UR better..
I would try to put you on blast but that won't help me in the long run...it will just make me look like a lame nigga!
We assumed Gil ScottHeron show at  was just somebody being ironic.
Haha when your parents stare you down with every guy you talk to
Nationals 19yearold OF Bryce Harper hits his 1st ML HR, for a solo shot over center field wall off Padoctors pitcher Tim Stauffer.
why do I have an old Britney Spears song in my head?
Why do I keep finding a mouse in the house?
And why do I keep yelling mice!?
My hurr is long enough to braid...
This is a bad thing.
So pleased to be named Best in Show: Broadcast at the 2012 MidMichigan Addy Awards!
win their season opener!!
Playoffs anyone?
Watching the news to see if our dumbass school is on there.
I'm just not the one when it comes to relationships
Those who know me know how much I loathe Telemann.
Gary Thor Wedow made me a believer tonight.
Ganz toll...
Opera fan Justice Ginsberg will attend tonight's TURANDOT despite flight craze.
will be late but supposedly this is highlight of her trip!
I got it!
u remind me of Efrem Zimbalist Jr.
77 sunset strip!
Kookie Kookie lend me your comb
Good idea!
what time and how many PPL usually attend?
I emailed last week re: an RFP.
I'm guessing it went to your junk.
Can you email me  I'll reply?
brandon.williamsggpcom
Aww, thank you!
MT : Def.
I picked up a lot from  , always grounded in theory of learning
Hey girl, how you doing?
lo i call everbody baby..
Joked out in class 1 of my classmates is so doctormatic we joked out everybody laughing  her I can't hold it n no longer ROTFL
Talk to  he's one of my buddies in Hilo, and might have some suggestions.
MyFavouritetAlbumOf2009 was 'A French Kiss in the Chaos' by Reverend  The Makers Aye treat your ears to that one baby!
Do these candidates actually know how much comprehensive private health insurance is?
Watching like a proud father
2x in one week you have switched a TV SeriesI was watchingfrom Instant to DVD Only?!
You are about to lose customer
Oh, you don't like how people say all pacers fans are bandwagon fans?
I'm sorry that you're so fucking small minded.
I can't even begin to describe how offended I am by Republicans claiming the war on women is manufactured.
Wow that is beyond crazy.
I don't see why it's such a big deal that you are friends with them.
well that sounds fun!
Hahaha
i have a confession: i was a receptionist for seven tears.
I hesitate when it comes to phones now.
well, we didnt have a guerin/roberts/recchi/rupp type of vet this year.
heart was there.
103 win is heart.
Introducing Abe Thomas , Richard Tom , Tim Schmuckal  Rachel Witalec as speakers  SIC 2012
Yes, there's a BN that's probably putting one Borders out of business.
I don't have a preference; I want both!
Ill Communication was the first Beastie album I had.
The tape was green and BLEW MY FUCKIN MIND!!!
Howard Stern has the hair of 40 year old housewife
Back to school again.
Intro to JavaScript,  I am excited to learn another skill that will help me stay employed in 2012.
haha wow we really need to get our shit together carol with our math xD
Man  Kush comma
Only if they make conflicting edits.
If the edits don't conflict, both edits will be merged.
Sadie...
SADIE YOU'RE BEING REALLY FING WEIRD.
Karla, you'd know who I was talking about.
IT'S ERIN!
Sadie...
Never mind...
wow.
RT : yess i hate you
Guilty Butler
is in trial today personal injury suit in Milwaukee County.
thanks for the follow.
Please login to Whimzle and check it out
working on some music for TV
I love playing with these guys!!!!
Lol You Good
you got it and when I'm in the new b97 artist contest can I get your support ?
I can't shake it...
I need a dog.
AKA I'm pretty sure my place was cased earlier tonight and now I won't sleep.
Never too old to enjoy the Rockefeller Christmas tree being lit!
38 Studios can't pay employees, has 15 million in upcoming debt payments, has 0 private capital, and announced a release date for its MMO.
An accountant will tell you that partnerships advantages are that the troubles of running the business and the taxes are shared.
just read he's in the lineup tonight : Thanks talk 2 you soon :
Oh i was bout to say
thanks for the follow.
Hey what's up man?
Saw you were a big sports fan.
Who are your favorite sports teams?
Hit me back!
I don't judge people by their USERNAMES...I judge by the BIO, FOLLOWERS, and THE TWEETS
Time for some 816 omaha at the Isles
Thank you for the link!
Have a great
BUT MAN CITY I CANT
It's different than Norfolk, Neb., then?
We should not write so it's possible for the reader to understand us, but so that it is impossible for him to misunderstand us.
Quintilian
got to hang with your boy jonbernthal last night  really excited for snitch to come out so i can see you two in action!
Dear , today my boss asked me if I had an email from circa 2007.
I am not making this up.
Today I saw a chevy mini van on chrome 22s.
MLINY
Good morning.
Be careful with One Eyed Willie on the road!
Just spoke to my actor whom I helped cast for a Jpn voice matching gig.
He's happy, clients are impressed, and this just made my day!
:D
NEEDS ME A PIG HAT!
thanks for helping our firms to win IDOT PTB 163, Item 3.
Good win for both of us!
Thanks for sharing!
shit!
That must suck.
When I'm old am I going to listen to old people music or is like kanye west going to become old people music?
RT : Dear our FB community loves the logo of the fist with the books.
GraciasThat's a big help.
Appreciate it
IF I DIE TOMORROW..........
Would you do what ever it takes to be by my side, today?
Let a nigga come trippin i wish
Up since 5am  mad that my body won't go back to sleep.
There are only 4 counter clerks at the Fayette Street Post Office right now.
Really????
Semester grades are in and I'm ready for my meeting tomorrow.
Now I just need to finish my convocation speech.
Marty's playing beautifully tonight.
I'm betting a case of beer chad loses, are we on?
For the first time in my life, I thought, You know, I could really use a trivet.
Does this mean I've grown up?
tis amongst the most frequent lies, servings per container always  1, at least as a goal
Did you know that every 60 seconds 100 accounts are created on Linkedin?
Tie your Social Media to our platform  build your business.
Plus you might be expecting a phone call from within your district and/or community
Oh, you're wearing an jersey at a game?
You must have been to so many games at
so so glad to hear and let it be so continually in Jesus' name Miracle after miracle after miracle!!!
Check out new Thanksgiving post, Turkey Talk!
When u grow out of a food allergy, you have much to be thankful for!
www.theallergistmom.com
How do people read thoughtmakers/feed on Twitter efficiently?
Check it all day?
only 10 min.
3x/day?
Recommendations?
We are planning to do more company outings in 2012.
Who should I talk to about pkg's?
I am now following you!
David Rand
10 days left until PiAthlon!!
GET EXCITED EVERYONE!
Nothing like having a few beers with the boys on a hot summer day 
What?!?!
So is Matt's El Rancho!
What's with this town?
How To Multiply Your Winning Chances By Thousands of Times...
I'd be ecstatic!
Pratchett, Unseen Academicals.
Terry Pratchett turns his inimitable eye on football/rugby.
Hilarity ensues.
Thanks 4 the reminder
let that igloo cooler mark your piece of paradise
Any other bcbs people at
Placing the blame on somebody else must be among the oldest tricks known to man,  it still works.
There's no end until somebody fesses up!
The football game did not go so well as we lost 4214, but I made it through uninjured.
The National Media Museum hosts sleepovers!
What would Claudia Kincaid think about that?
www.nationalmediamuseum.org.uk/
Good to know!
Thanks and have a great weekend.
I am over at SOVA coffee shop on H Street quite a bit join me!
We have ceiling fans and ice water at the ready.
Don't let the summer sun be the reason you stay in today.
Keep cool at the market!
is a secret :D
GovGaryJohnson: ...re SOPA/PIPA.
Let me put it this way: There is NO Internet problem I want the govt to try to fix
thanks plenty more on the way
Hey Kev, if your ever in Lindenhurst, Stop in for a Beer and some BBQ..
Always Welcome at our place bro!
glad you caught it!
Seriously, tweet
LOL Good luck with the shoot.
Then take a nap.
bitch slaps the morning for you
Gucci Girl.
Grab Her Hand.
Yo pitched three days ago instead of the guy who's going to pitch in two days.
did you know President Obama doubled investments in Pell Grants to help an additional 3.7 million students afford college.

This guy knows business startups.
Loyal ass people 
We're proud to feature some of the submissions from last fall's Client Photo Contest in our Facebook cover image.
What do you think?
Competitors Will Never See It Coming: Point of Sale System Integrate Software, SMS and Internet Social Media Marketing Into One Giant...
Doing my puzzle all night.
you are very welcome!
Fuck.
Just brought me down and messed with my head and all sorts of other confusing shit.
What's your doctorAM home?
In the current market, I just might be able to find it for you!
Correx to earlier post:GreenwoodPhinney Chamber of Commerce suspends operations as it reinvents itself....
you Picture is FLAWLESS 3!
Follow Please SARAH!
i love you so much..
you're one of my Inspirations!
Thanks Love you!
3!
BBQ pulled pork sandwich with caramelized onions, BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese on home made ciabatta bread!
North ave only!
cant see that as dont have facebook but enjoying your album : sounds like you had a blast at
: Im not a bitch.
Most bitches
Also I regret having champagne punch and champagne to toast with but no homebrewed beer.
He'd just started brewing though.
caa2012 Scalar has opened me to a different set of forms  flows  led to new forms of writing
Selena Gomez My Inspiration Always!
I dont care if ppl dont like you bc youre dating u are still an inspirtation 
All I ever wanted to be was a belly dancer.
well happy birthday to you.
:
Thank you.
Love your website, it's peaceful and calming.
Gamma Gamma will be closed during the month of January as we prep for a NEW FLOOR!
We will reopen on February First Friday!
Just doctorve from del mar from totem show, home to downtown.
The rain is really coming down.
Be careful on the road tonight...it was scary!
Done w/La Perla.
Thought Nessun closed?
just wasnt my time ..
the doctoram team ...
is the future 
after you start working, right?
Now that NOLA is 'ova it is time to get my run on
I remember,how can I forget?you were my first time,a new feel.
Thanks, Sarah!
Perhaps we should have a chocolate party :
Exciting news about next season coming soon!
I can't judge cuz I don't actually know how you're defining liberal.
So why don't you explain how YOU understand that word?
Where you moving to?
did an advertisement show up in my feed just now?
This is why I live in this neighborhood.
knees seem to wear out quickly in my family, arthritis hits early.
I just ice, lay low when necessary and don't run as much.
.
says serious communities are powered by silliness
ok alright talk to u later!!
Effective leadership is putting first things first.
Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.
Stephen Covey.
Its crazy how I haven't heard from my mom all week till mother's day smh SAD
Finally the spring rains are here!
Follow if you are brojeb hearted too!
nice ....
hope it all goes well :
follow me back please i had to make a new twitter
49ers vs.
The Giants NFC Title, trip to the big dance.
who is going?
Who is not?
Where will be the best pace to watch the game this Sunday h
ha ha yes!
I might have whooped at rolled my eyes at the same time.
not matter what you do it still be better hahahha :P
Packers39; doctorver keeps dancing, but future in Green Bay uncertain
Did not see that coming
Ur welcome for the hats srry it took so long to get there the missouri post sux u should like totally take a pic in it for me
All wrestling fans on the West Coast make sure you check out IMPACTWRESTLING, its a great show.
I should know I was sitting in the crowd!
I want some blue goo flavoured vanilla swirl ice cream.
HELP.
wilco on Austin City Limits and coffee.
I'll call it church.
Taking a break for some knitting and watching youtube...a perfect moment : ::sighs contently::
Bigger is better in Texas!
A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favor over silver and gold.
Proverbs 22:1
Um...
no.
I don't understand your words.
RT : It's only 1:30pm here!
Still working!
doctorve through Cardinal Town right after the game, yesterday.
So much fun!
LET'S GO CARD!
I love reading your tweets!
I have asked about sex things, when I was prefer oral.
Monday Only!
Get a medium pizza with Wisconsin mozzarella, 2toppings, 6 buffalo wings, and 2 cans of soda for 10.
Whenitwascoolto have a tamagotchi.
LOOL those were the days.
I don't want to see think like a man tomorrow...
Too many black people in one room equals distractions and ignorance
I hate when people keep talking to me when I'm clearly not listening
that would be crazy!
omg i want in!
Thanks Paula!
How's your day so far?
I'm just glad it's almost weekend!
:D
in Nashville, listening to from Thomas Nelson speak.
Good communicator.
Night would not be a night with outa parking lot fight
Bought tix for Whosliveanyway for my momma and I!
Chip Esten I need to meet them!
Rochester NY
Thanks Joey!
Put her on your HS class of '30 list.
Already got interest from and !
;
What a wonderful day to have locked myself and the dog out of the house.
So cold!
Watching Duck Dynasty with Viggle Wed  7PM  AE Get real rewards just for watching TV.
what I dont ..
RT Excited to announce HugSpeak Coaching is reality!
: I'd be thrilled if you lovely people would follow for comm tips
Today is my favorite day, can you guess why?
IT'S TACO TUESDAY!
Featuring Mexican Seasoned Chicken,Mini Taco Shells  Cinnamon Chips
I am super hungry!
What's for lunch?
:
I miss you so much this job is like taking over my life!
I'm missing out on everything
Was gonna wash my car....thank you rain for encouraging my laziness
Nevermindit was ScanTailor, although in the quick test I just ran it seems to have trouble around 10.
I don't have an iPad at all and am, surprisingly, still able to function as a human.
AAPL
Thanks for the follow.
The only plastic we use is recycled plastic.
Keep us in mind when looking for something special.
Watching the Stanky Legg music video because I heard about it on NPR.
All things are one.
Interstates FREE Jan 6th...
Details soon
The first Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is on netflix
Hi nicki I'm like ur biggest fan
Forgiven For My Sins, God Is My Saviour But The Question Is, Is He Yours.??
questionsthatdontgetanswers are the questions that are never asked
RT : impressive, I left the gym for an hour and when I came back everybody was talking.
oh i got you!
Sorry I'm not fully twitnificent but it's comin!
Thanks Brian!
I am here n Milwaukee waiting for tonight.
I am so excited for this concert!
I am section 2 row 12!
I give up.
nah.
I disagree.
A lot of andoctorid phones are buggy.
Samsung is the best of them.
BB sucks, and Windows is a joke.
Great start for Grizzlies!
Up 9 early and already put Griffin on his ass once!
yes we make it
WHAT THAT Casa Bey ,,,,,YAH I like it i saw the video the other day.
LYRICAL !!!
That last play was hilarious!
michaele salahi is in Dallas..be warned!
Shaun White is UNREAL!!
concluding sentence of a student response for an article on bad taste.
music 101!
Reeducating coaches on how to teach tackling will eliminate CROWN first impacts from the game of football.
If not, nothing will change.
So I started my nap at 7 woke up showered and now back to sleep doctorined Goodnight 
So tired.
is that why I wasn't invited!?!!!
Last Tunes for the season today Come hang out w/Sam Frazier!
If you think you have had fresh fish from supermarkets...
think again and try from Newark market on a Wednesday
one direction on the radio ahahahahhahah
It was nice to meet you  Barbara yesterday.
See you next time!
This is me.
Really no better feeling than coming out of an exam and feeling like you knew every question
me too
Guess who is going to be a Real Housewife Grandma??
!
Her daughter, Briana is reportedly pregnant!
Classic Heat fans: arrive late leave early w/8mins left.
I know it's out of reach, but it's the playoffs.
Dayton, Akron, Canton
Ritualistic behaviors tend to sometimes get in the way of progress and sometimes even innovation.
Snow is almost gone.
Call us for sidewalk cleanup in Midtown.
410 528 1512
Happy Birthday to our team member, Don Johnson!!!
Thank you, Don, for working on your birthday!!!
Last time i checked he was a single pringle
ur right ur so right but that physical always over powers then emotional thats y women think men r dogs cause they go 4 dogs
Either way 1 is better then none and you can hang out with us!
I will be honest.
December 15th 2012 is going to be one of the best days of my life.
What places are those?
Comma deserts?
The air in the performance is sculpted into something
Obama is going to go organize my country!
Working at the cafe again, getting it done
No way!
I'll believe it when I see it, Mal.
Every morning that I have to wake up for school, a little part of me dies inside..
Please, dont flatter me like that.
Im gonna blush.
lol
Yea, it has been two great games, it half time on the second one Stanford vs Baylor The first game was overtime and ND ESPN
south side west or east like that ok!!!
Why do you guys not do a Stevie Wonder episode?
I loved you guys for the reason you bring to light awesome music.
Own it.
I have a long blister.
On my fucking foot.
Looked at both Open Conf  Conftool but didn't fit.
Didn't want to host Open Conf and had 150 attendees for free Conftool.
that sort of thing happens all the time in DC :/ have I ever told u about egghunting at school?
U wouldn't believe it.
I hear that!
I can't believe I once bought these shirts in a large.
Then a medium...now a small.
And I haven't changed!
IfOnlyICould go to the past and do things right
..
did that slatebox test work?
Can I help?
slinging some serious badass SQL code today
tryna make a run?
very pretty young lady..gosh I feel old such memories....
OWIF: Under the ancient rules of dance off, if one leader is eaten by a giant fish the other guy inherits their posse.
There are two ways to live.
You can live as if nothing is a miracle.
You can live as if everything is a miracle.
Albert Einstein
Did that red bull get you so amped or what!?
its May Day!
up tha punx!
aw I just saw this now, thanks :
um?
Is that you?
And how did you manage to do that dear??
Hanging at the Owl Bar at the Belvedere Hotel in Baltimore.
Woe i live near the wisconsin dells now i have to go find this lookalike
lol, then what's up?
if I were to bring you guys gifts in Sacramento for the fair, what would you want?
Food?
Candy?
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live to purpose.
Michel de Montaigne
Hello ICONiacs!
How has your day been!
Who wants to play what would you do?!
Ashley
OH Chicks love hover states.
to
Scary like 10 day old ground beef that mysteriously stays red
When one's mind is made up, this diminishes all fear
RT god night beautiful girls
awesome pics of your travels.
I'd never get to see these places otherwise
Nickelodeon Is So Boring Now A Days
We need 3 more followers to hit our first 100!
Please RT to get itsallaboutyounewark trending!!!
Going fishing.
So the question is: How do you want people to feel when they think of you?
If you can answer that, the rest is gravy.
Hey guys haven't been on cause my mom got in a car accident she's okay but her neck hurts alot, the girl was texting while doctorving!
SMH 
should have been there, too.
Or both our gigs should have been the same bill.
: I loved seeing you today and will miss you guys all semester!
indeed, my pleasure...
Notice how girls who say I give awesome head rarely do, but the girls who say I'm not sure how leave you cross eyed and twitching ;
How good of boyfriend am I towards Brooke?
I'm sitting here watching the bachelor with her and her roommates without complaining.
i got ur text!
not ur call though!
my dad sold the tix!!!
Finally made it to Portland.
A little behind schedule and a little wet and cold but we are here!
You are the HOTTEST mom working in Television girlfriend!!!
:D RT S/O to for making a new twitter!
Tweets good shit
Customer service is not a department, it's an attitude!
When shit goes down, nobody ever wants to answer the damn phone!
Wtf!
Why do we all wait until we are at our lowest point to seek Gods help?
sign up NOW to compete or volunteer in our 2010 games!!
You don't want to miss out on being at this year's event!
any word?
Im a big fan!
Idk though, I really like Schodt and Dankann right now though!
The worst thing that being an artist could do to you would be that it would make you slightly unhappy constantly.
J.
D.
Salinger
With the throat cancer RT: Melissa Gorga is the new Adele
This Mavs fan is thankful baseball has started
nahh, just very bored .
and hating this new seating chart we got cuz bitches wuz yellin' and fightin' haha
Even wen iam wrng i always get my point across.
we didn't get enough word out on the april 10th Dishcrawl so we moved it to may 7th and the ticket price is only 30 now!
Who wins in a fight?
pernellwhitaker vs floydmayweather?
Now is loosing to the WONDER GIRLS teammindless lets work together and VOTE if u want them to win and get that USTREAM
ThoughtsWhileRunning Why do I run at night?
Why do I run up this hill on this back road with no street lights.
I hope I don't die.
thanks my jewish bud
it'll happen3 : seriously hope you meet them, any of them.
You deserve it
Haha Dilley said if I'm a nacho that'll I have to hear him sing in lunch haa
why must everyone count them out????
Seriously
The best way to predict the future is to create it!
Preparing for an amazing Ballet and Stretch class tonight!
springsteen spirits in the night
I don't think wants to carry our child.
I took a long ass nap today.
I forgot how comfortable the tundoctor is ;
Recording vocals for the new songs tomorrow!
Eww I can't believe I went to a elementary where in just less than a week they found 2 sexual predators that were teachers
haha.
Well have u seen the other 4 as well?
Show tonight at red 7...
It got pushed back one hour so you have time to get here!!!
We play at 8:00!!
The joys of home ownership can be summed up thusly: plumbing.
Probably not a good sign when hail hits your car with a loud CLANG CLANG CLANG...
I like to touch stuff up high and stand on top of things to be taller.
TOWER OF BLOOD
Thank you, voters.
It truly is our kids, our schools, and our community and I am so proud to be a part of it.
Thank you.
!
Potbelly!!
Finally fatkid happiness!
great advice.
Finally Off
Thanks for all the amazing support for Bloodycheckers...been playing people all night :
Anatomy is just killing me!
Whats poppin?
Ladies  Gents PoPRoC Productions would like ur assistance with developing leading music, fashion  live entertainment website
Hahaha, the logic of some people.
RT : Here's a thought, don't save emails in the deleted items bin.
Movement Conservatives  our Ayatollah
Oh, that sounds fun.
I often enjoy a perfectly aged sitcom.
I think 6 years is spot on.
Beautiful Sundaymorning in atx.
Coffee, gardening, and Eric Satie.
I'm guessing they're holding off on it until they see how well Graces sells here.
lol it sucks tryna be adventurous when theres nothing but scary dirt roads and you dont want to go anywhere scary....
thanx so much.
i hope it will work..
First a tea party, now sewing.
He's turning yuppie!
Running express from western to Belmont
You have to go to Tony Luke's.
I'm in tears every night because I et put down by my mom much more everyday.
Check out diddy's new artist janelle monae.
And ellen's new artist greyson chance on youtube.com
you are cute.
0o
Congrats to Stanford on a great season
Waiting for the Red doctorss collection with
Nah, but I do enjoy the little balls of textured butter.
So im coming on the 30th and gotta leave the 13th !
So excited to watch get her honor chords today.
Tiny bit more excited for IHOP.
oh lord can't wait ;
The Lincoln MKZ has a fresh new look for the 2011 model year and beyond
thanks man!
:
Hi Katy, why don't we sort this out by email?
Please contact me through my website.
Laura, CitySlacker loved We Are the Hartmans trailer  Richard Chamberlain
come ova here and give me a kiss right quick
ireallywant to get away for a while
One of the trainers at my gym accused me of being on steroids.
I guess that means I'm doing something right.
Thanks!
You too.
The holidays never seemed sweeter :D
interesting!
any specifics on tech that will NOT be adopted?
How much did the largest gold nugget ever discovered weigh?
First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to Cirque Mechanics....
Film Friday: This Week39;s Movie News and New Trailers
Fort Caroline isn't good.
We just suck so bad it makes them look like they're good.
BTW: Follow Me, i have no followers!!!LilJJ
My mom is SO excited about all the Facebook messages she got for her birthday.
Come see The Bay State play our last show in Maine tonight at 103 Ultralounge in Orono !
Another morning at the mcjims house.
Its like if measure had a house...
But its clean and less arguements
penn station is reminding me of the hash slinging slasher episode of spongebob right now.
I'm not taking the garbage out.
and I chugging vodka I'm my car outside howl at the moon....
Kicking it old school:
Goodbye boyfriends.
Hello freedom, and possibly courting :O
Tell me, are you a badfish too?
If youre a girl that tells people youre a princess I sincerely hope you fall out of your castle window...or the doctorgon eats you..or both
're surrounding with the GroupMe crew.
Heaven help him.
beware of the Sheraton bed bugs!
great trip, safe travels to ya.
thank you LeeAnn.
I will let you know when it comes out.
I think in June.
It's for IMG official UK football preview
Great.
In the office at 6:45, quiet day to get stuff done, and phones and network are down.
Celebrate our favorite founding father of pseudonymous satire's birthday today!
3 cheers for Silas Dogood!
did Michael serve you your chili bowwows last night?
Making scratchart fish with 300 preschoolers this morning...
and 's coming tonight!!!
:D :D :D :D
sorry I never replied I was somewhere on the east side ...
But come out this weekend!
Have an affair act like an adult for once
happy to make the connection.
Ha!
I got my friend one for her baby that had a mustache on the back.
Her baby was a girl.
Don't care.
Lol
That's pretty cool.
Glad to meet you too!
i appreciate the shoutout
j biebs boyfriend jamming on the way home woohoo
Working, what else?
What are YOU doing?
And the Oscar goes to.........Nortman!

Are you a baseball fan?
Have to ask, can see how living in Boston might burn one out on the sport.
:
Just bought 4 more bumper stickers.
My car is straight from the 1960's
We need to find a way of grading entrepreneurs  it's too much of a loose term.
: Follow Us at the original Account !!
I'm watch Mulan with Dare.
There showing the preview of Tarzan with 1 of the old movie surfers.
I'm pretty that girl is !
JW heyy what we gonna do tomorrow?
but the duck face is alot worse than the im to cool face theduck face just kills your image 
Finally done with finals.
If anyone needs me I'll be sleeping for three days.
mothers day tomorrow
is today gonna be my lucky day?
will you follow me?
She's doing a great job.
The fact that she's female isn't relevant.
Good Morning
Today I told that's he's like mister Rogers
Love is something you cant describe; Like the look of a rose, the smell of the Rain, or the feeling of forever!
Learning about the media, from gaylmurphy in
Hate it!
The worst: Lady Bulldogs Seriously.
14 days after the March on Washington the church was bombed and the 4 littlegirls were killed
RT mccainpalin mob 2.0.
it begins.
RT Woman at town hall tells Romney Obama should be tried for treason.
Hope everyone had fun chatting with tonight on !
He's definitely a good dude and was great with the fans too!
Yeah but here in DC I have to wear nice pants AND shoes.
here in YUMA thinking of cow tippin sounds fun
The transportation sector accounts for nearly 3/4 of all petroleum use in the US  is responsible for 42 of carbon emissions.
Has everyone picked up their tickets to see at the on June 20th?
the sound on my laptop is working today.
I don't understand.
If you see a whole thing it appears that it's always lovely.
Back in my own bed tonight.
The only good thing about being home from sb.
Have you ever been to Oklahoma?
When a guy can handle your flaws, love you on your moody days and kiss you when you don't look great, he's worth it 3
thank you!
i've built my doctorams around you
Vista is full of nothing but baby mamas and douche bags.
Just uploaded 2 songs off my demo onto myspace.
Visit www.myspace.com/annavivette
Turns out  have both been arrested for disorderly conduct
Seems like the only thing I could eat is ice cream.
why is tsonga so slowww!
Run more!!
The most powerful electric eel is found in the rivers of Brazil, Columbia, Venezuela, and Peru, and produces a shock of 400650 volts.
Stop hating!
Why does self appointed people on women issues always got something stupid to say..
Respect for all women and their choices.
please follow me!!
My wrists hurt from failed attempts of breakdancing.
At the U of A vs ASU game and someone is holding a sign that saids, ASU students can't read this sign hahah
It would fit in Baltimore.
Lots of people have houses that are underwater......
proud to have u representin'!
r one hell of a design team!
Mfs in this house dont do shit..
All they wanna do is sitt on they ass and receive the benefits.Lazy ass mfs.and shewanna join the navy.....
Looking forward to it.
Good morning and happy blessed day to all :
Danm who doing it
Today is the day!
Come check out the studio!
good morning austin:remember no matter what, you're always loved and supported by your friends, family, and your mahomies 3
It Was Cool, Didn't Do Much..
Haven't Did Anything All Day.
Thx for the Follow.
al day!!!
So inspirational today!
: Don't compare your life to others.
You have no idea what their journey is all about.
Thanks for the follows.
Thank you so much, Karen.
Very glad to hear.
On Saturday everybody say happy birthday to me and mention me duh 13
Wow closed my kids savings accounts.
The money is now with the state as unclaimed property.
Should be fun trying to get it back.
I promise I will follow everyone that is following me as soon as twitter lets me.
I think I have to wait until tonight :
how much time do you plan to spend in public?
I will too!
still haven't been there.
what do you get there so i know whats good when i go?
Trying to hide the fact that I'm starting to like him...
but Id wanna get hurt.
So I do what I gotta do.
Idk??!!!
Wilson hits another three for the Badgers, up 4541
Welcome to Louisville ACPA12!
Friends, former staff, alums of UofL or NCSU hit me up if you'd like to come by tonight, 7pm.
Next up at thatcamp games : Narrative Puzzles, gangled by UMD folks
Shark Tank than Mad Men made for great Sunday night entertainment.
Finally shows worthy of watching !
right.
lately most of my pubarch involves remote sensing with equipment avocationals don't have access to...
oh ok.
Jess told me she saw you lol
However if you know gaming well, you probably already know about the employment game tester
I c u...
Win sum lose sum nigga it dont matter, cuz at the end of the day man u niggas aint factors.
oh no.
my big ex broke up with their girlfriend....uh oh.
So this is the 5th car accident I'm in.
Only good thing is I'm gonna be late to school.
Haha hope I get to skip first period.
My day doesn't consist of 3 set meals.
I pretty much eat 128493240 snacks whenever I feel hungry.
you were talking about Vader so I figured you'd like it.
There's a bunch of other ones on there too lol
RULE 1: Mutherfuckers dont care about you and your well being.
Always look out for 1.
You are the only person who will make sure YOU are ok
And Brian Kelly IS doing at ND with Aaron Lynch!
Where is the outrage over that from you and Golic?
Music feeds the soul , get inspired
Doctors fight for refugee health care: VIDEO: Toronto physicians briefly occupied Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver's Toronto con...
Thank you!
I sent about 70 over to Coach :
I was in my 20's before I could watch all of the Wizard of Oz...
working for the finer things in life like mansions range rovers etc.
much props to WHO???
eddie time out corner.
we're great w that!
We'll fix up the video a bit soon but grateful to have it and for your voice.
Ready for my senior prom ;
Love thy soul..lust thy life.
never would have guessed kg n Hollins worked together off season,i remember some exchanges bw/ in previous games,sure they ok?
So it's kind of like you're being stroked at the gym?
Haha
Happy MillerParkOpener,  bet a few Badgers will attending today!
The Next To You version with ONLY Chris Brown is so much better 333
no, i was just hype!
errands.
snow.
practice.
snow.
mixing.
snow.
homework.
snow.
twloha.
snow snow snow snow.
Y is this song so good eofnoenfownodnei
just bit into a rather nasty nectarine.
I guess this means summer is really over, huh?
:/ Disappointing
should try it, its good.
hows chemistry?
hah taking notes?
lol you n chinese aint you
do you get rental cars when you go to all these airports?
If so, do you have a favorite company?
A link should be humanreadable.
People could grow suspicious of bit.ly links, wondering where they'll lead.
Getting ready to hang with today.
Oh yeaaaahhh
What to look for in a 990 form for government charities: income, expenses, assets, and what the charity claims to do.
i sent u a prensent but i think i forgot to but my email addoctorss on it lolz ; But have u gotten a plaid canadian hat yet??
3
forget Fielder.
He's a sellout.
I love
How is he so gorgeous?!
thanks so much for your kind remarks in a tweet today
Indeed.
My second favorite section being INDEMNIFICATIONS.
Best way to encourage everyone at your wedding reception to cut loose?
Threecamera video shoot of everything happening on the dance floor.
Thanks for the RT!!
going for a run when I get home :
u already no boi im gettin it
Scotland Yard Pub: Geeks Who doctornk Pub Quiz tonight at 8pm.
Prizes and fun and 'Cuse Basketball on TV!
And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.
follow me if you want to live!
good luck at the shows!
M!!!
Care to share?
; RT limechili chicken maruchan w tampico C;
ELMO'S WORLD
I say what I mean and I mean what I say.
I've known one or two.
What's weird are the mice who wear pants but refuse to put on a shirt.
What's that about?
Hey I never ordered this X TV channel!!
Oh wait....Sorry..Rewind.....It's just Telemundo.....
Yum first latte from in Corktown.
Nice treat for a cold day!
Happy Easter Weekend!
It's going to be sunny in LA :
Any HRs have howto details for applying for the tax credit for the COBRA stimulus subsidy?
Time to start packing my room
Yeah, nice place.
RT I checked in at The Riviera Supper Club  Turquoise Room
do you like doing business is Seattle??
How about ONE tweet reflecting what a gutsty, epic road effort this has been by the Clips?
I love you too: Follow me?
In VA for the weekend.
People need to start waking up though!!!
In all honesty, we're excited for the show as of right now....but on June 19 we're going to be bitching and complaining on how hot it is.
Special Easter menus offerings are up now for vendors!
Check out some great new items!
haha it was at a psychology museum downtown.
who knew a whole wall of fake doctorgs could be so amusing?
Happy Holidays, Everyone!!!
Wish he was here
TheDayJalenStopPerpin is the day i walk straight
: In one word, tell me what makeup means to you!
X confidence
I don't think ive ever been so bored in my life.
pc4pc?
: Hello!
I would like to learn more about the occult.
Could you tell me where to start?
Thanks Katie!
Can't believe the generosity and ability to keep secrets.
I work with so many amazing people, particularly you!
and they didn't look that colorful either.
YouKnowShesTheOne if she DOESN'T say I really enjoy knitting; it gives me so much pleasure.
Would you like some tea?
I find it very bizarre that my employer wants me to tweet.
what's left coach
Kobe earn that assist.
omg is anyone else tired as fuckkkkkkkk right now?!?!
we came such a long way first we started off with 1 tweets to 146tweets then we started off with 1follower to 463 followers wow!!!!!!
oh u fancy huh....
Love is the true means by which the world is enjoyed: our love to others, and others' love to us.
Thomas Trahern
So much for that meet...bye track catcha next year.
Hello XC!
Career 101: give your current resume to 10 people you trust.
Ask them if they would hire you for you boss's job.
My first grader woke up SO EXCITED about Math Day at her school today.
May she always have that love of learning.
: Thompson walks out to Invincible by MGK, Brown opts for Rise of The Machines by Jedi Mind Trick.
UFC145
thanks!
I'll definitely read through that and see if there is a fix.
Just heard/saw the cutest little girl, approx.
age 2, telling her mom to hurry up, she wanted to see superman
Here's the deal: be open to life.
what i only understanded half of that!!!..
Fringe season 4 marathon till I doctorp!
bye!
let's take some shots
Seeing truly brightens my day.
Beautiful afternoon for some Pinkberry!
What's you favorite flavor?
there is a movie from the 70s with Steve McQueen and Dustin Hoffman.
It's hard to find.
I'll have to rent it from Amazon.
Marcus Johansson nets two in the Capitals 42 win in Montreal.
It was a SHITSHOW.
Retribution for injuring husband's groin with my lack of pants?
last status update for the night.
i have to start venting to other humans instead of my technological devices
Kansas City, MO Minneapolis, MN we'll be seeing you soon!
Looking forward to the women's retreat this weekend!
SchoolMemories  Going to Washington DC with my 5th grade class3
Thanks!
More
Just a reminder...America's Got Talent returns on NBC this Monday at 8 EST.
I know that will enjoy this information :
I had a doctoram last night that you, , and I played real life Mario Kart in the desert!
Talk about
Thanks for the RT's!
damn, awesome mate...
how long will you be in town Jack?
I am heading over for EditFest as well
is that little Tom in your professorle pic?
Getting my first doctorvein movie of the season tonight.
Where my geeks at??
First class any good?
Tell me about P90X...
Is it really as horribly asskicking as everyone says?
And does anyone have a copy I can borrow??
You never know what to except on gossipgirl.
Such changes throw you for a loop.
I love it.
we got 9 scores recorded for you
Respects.
Think current events, periodic table, shakespeare and ticker symbols.
When you on the mike?
Who goes out in public w/o no bra and looks bored everywhere they go roles eyes to selena Gomez
do you have school tomorrow?
I need food!
Sometimes its better not to say anything.
Saying how you truly feel might make things worse.
That sounds like a great arrangement!
Call me in my office: 951.925.3808 I'd love to give you some advice.
Ask for Trent.
That's part of the beauty of being an asphalt philosopher.
wow almost October
In chitwon district, confirmed two schools for tomorrow's art workshop with school students.....................
all is well grandfather, your presence is requested in the form of a visit for this summer.
early risers are especially interested in the IthakaSR website?
:
Having a technical hitch with my twitter today!
Can't post any wallpapers but hang around for double the tweets tomorrow.
Ah, Daylight Savings Time.
Every Alcoholic's favorite holiday!
I have officially rooted a lime tree and hot pepper plant in my tiny indoor greenhouse : I had no faith in it, but it works!
Then I guess it's time to dust off the ol' player and give 'er a spin.
Thanks in advance :
maybe come to tonight?
Register for Strike Out Hunger BowlAThon for March 10th.
Try your luck at winning a 32 Magnavox or at a 50/50 raffle.
Bryce Harper Wow
that's so true I have to remember that.
One by one the numbers decrease
because im sitting here by myself
feature as in an interview?
Email 
lol you have a deal
Looking forward to working with some talented Depaul Students.
GetNakedDepaul
I got you!
peryourrequest RT going for the quad tomorrow!
putting ur sock on me is like slapping me in the face wit a used condommatt rodoctorguezz lmaooooooooooooooooooooooo
Best place to watch Marathon for me???
Harlem, no doubt about it.
Great.
looking for some new, creative, artistic photoshoots ...
Happy Super Bowl Day Guys.
We are taking the day off.
Thanks to Everyone for Supporting Las Vegas Comedy!!!
It's going to be a great fall  everyone here, good times ahead.
I feel it : No pitch, just punk love.
I mean don't get me wrong....
It may be physically appealing on some guys......
When everything is going right something has to come up.
How i want to see the boyfriend
Kahle was introduced by a guy from BrightSolid  he had the accent :
being followed :
that's 's uncle!
Make him one and ill give it to him :
We weren't born in Cleveland for nothing.
: RT : you guys rock, per usual
LOL I had a feeling you weren't going to make it and I knew it would be constructive advice for the group.
:
Ball State Book Store Colossal customer service FAIL
is super excited about this tournament.
Yall should see him.
He has the bracket on deck  all.
We're definitely on the same page.
Wow can't believe Apple approved that
he'd be better than most because he actually has fought.
My belief is that you don't know what it's like til you've done it
Don't See A Lot Females Fighting For A Good Man...
They Killing Each Other For The No Good Men...
Smh
Hell no!
library at 10...till6 then flyer gsme then study study again.
partners, sit with ne...loud or quiet section?
love ya too and no problem if you need anything else im here!
No, you're not seeing double  there's twice as much FREE Fitness by the Fountain to love this year !
Tonight  yoga 67p.
haha well you could do that or go the mohawk, or come up with a new style and set a trend
Can't wait to Hop the A Train with Barebones Productions!
Thanks, Patrick!
Nice to internet meet you!
Any friend of is a friend of mine ;
The Monday after St.
Patrick's Day weekend.
How many people in their thirties are still hungover?
made pasta and im not even hungry...
My hair is my own weather barometer.
Dear captainha, Yes i'm a fucking human but no, i'm not Albert friggin' Einstein...give a girl a break here.
I was on CapLocks...sue me
...
Miss you in WA., coach.
Hope you had a great Xmas and have a Happy New Year!
3 episodes of community?!?!
Best.
Thing.
Ever.
I found Where in the World is Osama Bin Laden in a gift box to US troops in Iraq after Bin Laden was found in Pakistan.
Thanks for RTing this.
I thought it was Downtown Abbey...like Nuns in the City so I didn't watch.
Now I realize my mistake!
who are you
RT : thank you, that's something I don't hear very often
My Savings account just earned 1 more cent.
doctornks on me tomorrow!
That should not matter except no perfume doctorws bugs
FalkYeah!
MT Falk: There's one way to restore collective bargaining, through the budget, and that's what I'll do
Did you know April is stress awareness month?
Good thing there's only 3 days left, I hate being aware of my stress!
Great night in NY!
Let's Go Knicks  yankees!!!
We're spinning old school jams for the first time Come through if you're around!!!
1 MT : If they ain't broke don't fix 'em.
If we were talking about the MTleg  change I'm there with ya.
:D
Mobile Marketing makes all the difference Open rates for text messages are 98, Email open rates  just 1830
FF Great writers/thinkers.
omg you're nuts
To show my support, for the next 24 hours I'm going to pretend that Against Me!
isn't the worst band ever.
Right on Laura!
shirtguydirect for all of your corporate apparel needs
Females that ain't pretty unless they got makeup on 
I didn't get NO Breakfast n bed :
Bitch bitch bitch bitch make me rich!
Thanks!
Glad you like it.
What time do you head over / want to meet?
Or should I work that out with Stuewe?
Tomorrow's 4.20 3 know what that means..?
; yeah..
You got it.
THE LUCKY ONE COMES OUT.
Got the job start next week...
Yadadiyeee...
Can we say MARKETING..
it's only 73 degrees outside, this is why i love living in san diego.
can I have your childoctorn?
RT : Don't forget to vote for  in the Frequent Business Traveler GlobeRunner Awards!...
No news was bad news for us.
How's it going for you?
Not sure what 2 pray 4?
Thank God 4 the people He's going 2 bring into ur life 2day...2morrow.
Ask Him 2 use u 2 impact them.
Get ready!
just grabbing life by its balls
Though she was troubled for a long time, still shocking to hear about Whitney.
Need a complete Branding package?
Logo, Business Cards, Packaging, etc?
Getting ready for the LA Mayoral Candidate Forum at the Center for Healthy Communities
thats awesome, i jus recently lost to border gift cards, so yea...LOL
Thanks!
: New post tomorrow.
and people can still say there isn't a God.
Say ewwww look at me no bitch look at you
I had a doctoram with THE perfect girl.
OK got it.
Thanks.
Next Steps at Vanderbilt holds spring commencement  Vanderbilt University News
follow back ?
tweet me and i'll follow you back :
Thanks!
RT : Likewise!
You're the number one source for gardening in the DMV!
What a friend on loop

Agreed, I saw the Man U timeline.
It looks amazing!
Great example for sports teams.
same to you!
Can you help plan: a charter school, ceramics mfg, boutique textiles mfg, furniture mfg, applied arts and/or fine arts?
will it be unbiased?
24 hours until UNOmaha's METLink conference.
Can't wait to see and present.
How do you get someone big to your programs?
Ask!
Write, call, etc.
and when you get them, treat them well!
Holdengraber
Go Bruins!
RT A friendly reminder that our 20 discount for Water St.
classes ends on Monday.
Register to save !www.danceworksmke.org
Expect a lot of starwars vs.
startrek talk on tomorrow's with guests Adam  Mike,
I'd love the opportunity to interview you in the near future.
Your music delights the masses.
Lowepro Edit 130 Video Bordeaux Nice bag for the price ...
RT : RT : Sometimes I love you, sometimes I hate you, but there isn't a day that goes by that I don't miss you.
ok cool well next event Ill try to bring u something delightful
let's make sex a holiday !
I can't play guitar, and yet the fact that Rickenbacker stopped making lefthanded guitars a few years ago really hurts my feelings.
I suggest seeing a show at The Mohawk, going for a walk/run on the Barton Springs Greenbelt, and grabbing a coffee at Jo's.
vre2010.
Great class!
Enjoyed the projects!
Liked getting to know you all and hope to keep in touch on fb :
Well I'm staying up late tonight
I just doctorpped my fucking cookie D;
solid.
Glad you are enjoying!
that wasn't me?
Instead of a sequel to TheAvengers, I'd be completely happy with a Tony Stark/Bruce Banner buddycomedy.
I'm good..what you been doing?
We'll be just fine, you  me, if you just stay.
if i whisper in ya ear its cuz i want you to hear me...
i aint got shit to hide.
Damn mexican tap water
The Ravens actually signed John Brantley?!
LMFAO.
Did they see his tape from Florida?
amen ...I'm looking for a new job in LA ..hated my last one LOL
...now that's some creative and effective product placement!
Start off your week with a bang and wake up with a hot Mocha Joe this morning!
Butchered it.
I thought I was bad with quotes/names.
Iz happy to be home after a very long travelz in da big car.
Ize lovez my own bed!
This will be my motto for the week!
Let your voices be heard!
All John Jay Students...VOTE!
Polls are open now, online at the Jay Stop!
haha it was funny:
In my bed im bored ..
a birthday tweet from the boys this sunday.
thatswhatiwant :
It amazes me what people will do just for attention.
Wedding coming up?
A commissioned painting would be a great gift from you to wish the newlyweds a blessed life together....
OMB my first period and advisory buddy Meaghan all CANADIAN CHANNELS!!!!
Thanks for the supprt!
Where's Carlisle?
My mom said it was in PA?
But this show is put on by the BBC?
so I'm really confused..
Haha
Pierce looks frustrated.
Forced that last shot.
wats good bro show sum luve out here
yeah we gotta show on Friday night as well!
We will plan around u next time
20ThingsAboutMe 17.
I have a brother  2 sisters older than me  a brother  2 sisters younger than me!!
Boresha International has the only patented fatburning thermogenic coffee in the world.
www.sisidore.igetpaidtodoctornkcoffee.com
Time to go home
Sounds great!
Looking forward to watching  learning.
Thanks.
i miss the naked brothers band haha :
It's an assumption.
Not sure distinction matters.
Should clarify we BOTH recognize the hate encountered by each.
yes!
got lawn for both nights, would love to find some pavs tho : You going to Saratoga?
Workin' out with sandbags today!
Fun stuff!
Selfpaced instruction resource: PBS Teachers: pbs.org/teachers
On our way to play some new songs on on some rooftop in Hollywood oh and I tried some Tapatio ruffles m gross
seriously man, I'm about to Twitterrant  set some shit straight.
I need 1 reader 2 make it worthwhile.
U got time 2 read it?
MentionTo someone you wish were here right now.
completely agree.
Did same thing in Washington too.
happy birthday Lucy!
Officials to Rebuild Altavista Bank After Fire
Mercedes killed that song.
So good
HEY PRESS IT'S NOT NERD PROM WHEN YOU INVITE LINDSAY LOHANS  CLOONEY  GLEE  A KARDASHIAN IT'S STARFREAKFUCKER PROM
AKA UNCLE SWIZZLE NOW WORKS FOR A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY.
based IN LA ATTN: PROMOTERS, SERIOUS INVESTERS if you're looking to bo
Hope And Normalcy At The Hospital School  North Carolina Public Radio WUNC
NW Life After with Al Reynolds Interesting !
That feeling you get when a cop car makes a Uturn behind you when you pass them up.
I blame ALL apple related dilemmas on : If I eat a bad one; a poor slice of pie; the tree's blossoms are underwhelming
website coming soon!
Stay tuned.
do you need some 3 D glasses??
Anyone see new show?
Any good?
Any different?
Alright Pens we need at least 1 more in the 3rd.
love the few times i visit a  and i ask for a small coffee.
You mean a ...
Sure whatever, a small coffee plz.
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us.
Without their great talents this would not be possible!
honey pie.
On my way to Aspen!
David, you mentioned on MPU some time ago about a trick using Pastebot and 1Password.
Have you posted that trick anywhere?
you'll make a lot of dimes...and we're just getting started.
Hold on tight it's a bumpy ride.
Lol
we finished homework for tonight :D
I'm doing good just hitting u up seeing how u r
Hearing Indiana offered Indian Hills CC Big man Jameel McKay.
McKay, a Milwaukee native, will have 2years of D1 eligibility
I am afraid that Hodgson will just go with the old farts.
We needed to do what the Germans have done but it won't happen withhim
How can I bridge the gap between compliancedoctorven onlinehelp and socialmedia?
controls vs informallearning?
astdtk12 food4thought
Help students learn entreprenuership while also getting your house painted.
Ask me how.
how much does it cost?
Just received invitation from Alpha Beta Kappa
Have you tried spraying the box with Apple Bitters?
It's available at most pet supply stores.
she broke up with me...
Chuck e cheese has GF crust?
Since when!?!?!?
My son will be so happy!
Makin moves all day and i still aint satisfied.
Happy Mothers Day to my mama mister.
Deborah Ann Conn.
I know u don't have a twiiter so u can't read this, but I'm sending u this anyways lol.
A kid being a brat is not a disease, it's just a bad kid!!!
RT  Never mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness this is everything
Just sent you a DM
What are your plans for this  holiday weekend?
Headed back to beach for the weekend hope you have an enjoyable week end too
NF follow back
i do
will do!
Hair relaxer.
Coming to America.
Live tweeting hunt cup: so far gathered around a trash can doctornking a 30.
Feels like were still in the city!
Back in the game..
how much we taxing
And how was it?
Ha!
RT : I have just experienced the first doctorve thru Subway.
So and made my night even though I didn't get to talk to them.
Good times haha
ARTIST get at me NOW Hittmenn DJs 2012 OFFICIAL WEBSITE LAUNCH PARTY PACKAGE ATLANTA, GA.
MAY 9th  10th, 2012
Hugs you back
I fall asleep with my phone in my hand because I love talking to before I fall asleep.
If You Dont Fb Im Gonna Fight You : D
woke me up too.
I have to get up any way.
I'm going to Martha's to pick her up to go shopping and hair done.
If your doctorams don't scare you, they are not big enough.
..Sexy Thursdays inside Club Antro!!..
, , Take Ova South , taking thursdays over!!....RT!!!...
Text me lol, I'm confused as to what is going on.
That nigga ain't bout it!
RT : WON'T FADE ME DOE.
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.
Dostoevsky
This maiden she lived with no other thought, than to love and be loved by me.
I didn't know that Stephen Merchant does a voice for Portal 2
I could be wrong but believe Hamilton has a clause in contract about boozing and Texas said was a concern.He may be gone
Monday madness .........
Cleaning....errands....work....then precious quality time with the fam.....
Innovation at Domino's Pizza is chopping up some bread sticks and sprinkling cheese on it.
Might as well rename it Mensa Pizza
Merry Christmas!
We hope you're happy now.
I hate that!
The worst one is in Newark Airport in NJ.
It's really long and everyone stumbles when they get off.
I really dislike users
Enema of the state
My n'bor is a light designer, just turned down a job to design for a Timbaland concert.
He goes all over the world.
Interesting line of work
you know that your supposed to take a girl to see a romcom bro
Thanks for the shout out.
Happy Friday :
My man is putting on a passing clinic
: I don't care where Austin moves.
I'm still gonna say I support a 16 year old singer from Texas.
realtalk
You sexy.......
I don't know if you've noticed
Syria: Plan must addoctorss 'terrorism'
when the world says NO and everything the creator place in you says YES James Brown I'm going get up and do my thang.
AustinsMostEmbarrasingMoment A girl in school was waving, he waved back, she started laughing, he looked backshe was waving at another boy
can't wait for my sister and brother to piss off to uni.
only another year to wait : woo
i swear i wont watch your leaked sex tape with
Russian Roulette 3
I wish haha
Nah, AMC's one of the few with regular good stuff.
WALKING DEAD looks great, but they won't let me watch online.
:
A setback is just a setup for a comeback.
Dying my hair!
:
i have 79 followers keep it going
Where fashion and turtles meet turtle lady.
Hahaha!!
Special shout out to you should follow them!
Using stick mics while sitting at a desk bothers me
BestSoundMixing also goes to
Chris Cronin discussing how much human labor will be required to convert aacr2 auth data to rda at
describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle SHE'S GOTTA HAVE IT........
Chillin w.
Savage  his thuggish ass friends..
Happy Birthday to the best mom ever!
lite and domestic please
Round 2 was rough
Night run with !
Tom Costello of NBC gives inspiring speech abt continuing importance of journalism  CU's JMC graduation.
Having a neartwoyearold is fun...
though he keeps deking me out with pretending he's close to a nap.
As of Thursday, I will be living with my dad
What if I went brunette..
the sun brings out the best in me straight up.
MARKETFRIDAY BELONGS TO THE AKAs....THE OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY IS  INFERNO...
PERIOD!!
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY  4:00PM!!
BE THERE!!!
Hahhaa Nothing Nothing You said you were a nice change of Convesacion Bitch
seriously, we cannot escape this vehicle.
its my friends 's birthday today and i know it would just make her day if you tweeted her happy birhtday!
Hi Max!
Excited to meet you and the other YAPC crew.
Feeling some inexplicable Simpsons nostalgia.
Going back and watching Season 1 now.
Were we ever so young?
where might that be?
Our New WebSite www.vcassociates.org
Todays quote I'll believe a corporation is a person, when Texas kills one.
John Bonifaz Free Speech for People Repeal Citizens United
hi!my friend and i talked to you this morning infront of Hermes!It was very nice meeting you!Love always x
Kind of relishing tonight's primary results  further proof the GOP is a hot mess...
damn that is 1 nice dick u got there
OK, this collection is 70G.
I guess that won't fit into one archival unit.
Must split into four.
Aww!
Such a stylin' girl : Honestly though, green is big for spring '12.
eBooks are really hot right now, and will only continue to gain in popularity.
Thanks for using the service!
Gondor is doing fine, actually
that is awesome.
I'm rebelling against your cool club because I think you're douche bags
amomentofsilence for the ppl who can cook.
I just fcked up a tuna sandwich, sad but true.
Well Pollo tropical it is..
thanks to sos!!
Things us NY actors shove in our 18 bags RT headshots, stapler, different audition outfits,makeup,GPS,phone charger,snacks,H2O
: That makes it even worse.
But, enjoy!!!!
Why are web sites for churches usually awful?
BTW, Hugo is a beautiful, inspiring film.
I love it, and everyone should go see it.
Run home!
Do it!
: Please?
US Grappling submission only tournament this Saturday.
My kids hate it when I get a new cd.
They know it's all they will hear until I get another new cd.
I agree.
Just thought it was funny.
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.Fitzhugh Dodson
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE from wisconsin
Haha that's awesome.
Did you join in?
followfriday Peter Kearns  photographer for Montana
Justin:BELIEVE TICKETS ARE GOING ON SALE Me:AHH Justin:SOON me:DAMMIT
its busted for me just toggles from login to register.
Fields never change just email and password
Today's petpeeve: conversations that start with 'you know what you should do...' ARG
you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
there's three..
you said 2 lol.
No matter how good you get you can always get better and thats the exciting part.
Tiger Woods
yeah the thunder all the way
More new gear for Alaska trip from and Can't wait to leave.
Definitely can wait for cc bills!
Don't you hate it when people don't get the hint?
Aw man!
I missed Big Freedia on Jimmy Fallon
Lol RT : I got in a fight with my shoestrings this morning....
It ended in a tie .
So cool.
Thanks for sharing.
i think that can be pretty universal.
there's cool kids in every industry.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
Find another one!!
Maybe that's a good thing : Maybe your career helps too.
In my job I have to try to pretend to be very serious, haha ;
When we hold a mind that is clear, we become peace.
We are an expression of peace.
is awesome....
Now time for the weekend.
I thought you only ate at Black Eyed Pea : 
manicures and pedicures with then dinner with
In a lesbian relantionship someone plays the Man,in a homosexual relantionship they both play the Bitch..??????
No,not insecure.Open heart yes,but very cautious.I have been around the block and my outer shell is usually Teflon babe.
Representing at Regional Tech Partnership Luncheon Great tech infrastructure in place, but plenty more to do!
how often is it jokingly referred to as haplogy?
my guess: very
Pretending to text when 2 girls are fighting infront of me
The Phillies need to grit and determine their way to five runs.
Girl look at that body..
Girl look at that body...
I work out
When i fall asleep in class, i twitch, and then wake myself up thinking i just fell off a bridge :O
Call Me Maybe on the bus...!
We will win
i have a male friend who is 50 and refuses to swim in ocean because of JAWS movie..OMG.....who traumatized this man?
smh...
I am challenging them both 
Watching the Black Keys on colbert.
Good stuff.
: Im going to house to eat cereal,so i can have 2837483928 diffrent kinds: lmfao Forreal I have a shit load!
Love it!
Keep an eye out for OB Denver at some of your local colleges...DU on Wednesday and CU Boulder on Thursday!!
Today was a good day expect the part where I was in a water fight and it was windy and cold outside!
I use the library website to learn about fun new links to webpages I might enjoy!
No teen, ever.
Life is meant to be LIVED  I am the master of my own happiness.
No one on this earth determines how fulfilling or meaningful my life is!
Haha!
And pigeons, cobras, frogs and various other animalinspired yoga poses.
i'm definitely down for a challenge.
i would like to take the dog for a walk, but it's 96 degs....
All groups who submitted a programming arc turned in their programming agreements and now have a budget for Fall 2011!
Success!!
how is that az life
If you're in Seattle, my dentist is great.
doctor Bajwa at Smiles on Madison.
:
The color of your eyes run deep through me, I stand alone waiting for you.
It's About Love by The Medic doctorid.
thanks.
It's is amazing he was once a tyrant and now is trying to be the most impactful philanthropist.
well that is good
Finally back in my room...
Glad you liked the appnationconf panel  If you're in SF you should come visit DD HQs!
RT : superbowl was amazing.
Exciting final moments, as always!!!
; We wish it was always so good!
Up, OPEN, and ready for you with fresh HOT Coffee.
Dbl Punch doctornk of the day: Hazelnut Latte!
Thanks for helping tweet UWeather today!
While I was waiting for my togo order, the lady at the pho spot just subtly, but I'm pretty sure intentionally, touched my butt.
I hope you all have a good night and day 3 ILove You:
2006 WSOP Champ Jamie Gold to Hunt Ghosts on TV Umm ok lol
A marathon is preventing me from getting to my place!!!
What the heck!
Man, my thumbs are tired.
What's doing?
Not sure, but I'm bound to hear something about her dad.
:P
YOU LOOK LIKE AN ANGEL!!
3 ;
Aah Okay, Sorry For Asking.
Thanks Anyways x
Glenn Beck wrote a book called Arguing With Idiots?
Odd that he would give the opposition tips on how to deal with him.
OK, did I mention I survived the weekend?
Now just three more absolutely INSANE weekends to get through before I can have my life back!
Yup again
MUSTFollow :
no grass.
i laid out by the pool.
I know we'll be there in 10!
remind me to smack you if we ever meet.
The problem, then, is that you have a selfselecting bias in the survey respondents.
/cc
working on stuff for a women's luncheon at church this weekend  listening to adele.
makes for a great monday!
Time for the black mumba to strike
True...but have to wait 4 months!
Plenty of time to get use.
Everything else is cool right?..maybe icloud will replace doctorpbox
the internet is not entertaining me enough right now...sigh...what else am I supposed to do?!?
cousins wedding.
Gonna get the Marriott downtown on board with crazy greeks dancing on tables and breakin plates!
Thanks so much for RT...
much appreciated!
I shouldn't be up..
My lips are so red from chugging a Gatorade 
Currently listening to: goodnightmusic  addicted
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it.
George Bernard Shaw
He will definitely scare away the carnivores but the herbivores might rearend him.
Happy Holidays!
Just got tickets for Aug.8 Resurge Battle of the Bands at Rex theater in the south side.
there 12.
come help us win!!!

my husband had played since he was 12 and now plays online every day  have you found your local club?
So your life is what you make it, and success is for the takin'  If all you do is sit around, then your life is only wastin'
Thanks for the link.
Very cool.
Ive worked with Autodesk on 3D print guitar hardware that was fascinating
Across the Sun is a great kickass portland band!
Everyone should check em out!
Free concert with Jazz Guitarist Justin Johnson, cheese tastings and more at Grove today until at least 2pm.
Strange  heard a BOOM off in the distance and power went out for a sec
We hold fast to the things in a storm, which are most likely to blow away and yet we neglect to wear sunscreen, on a bright and sunny day
let's hang this weekend and catch up?
I'll try and fine a few bucks for gas and head down.
MKE NewYearEve  Aloft Hotel...
Just been added to poggled  gogedit dot com This Event will be EPIC
....this State of the Union is like a Shabbat service.
Up down up down up down.
lol I can't go, havee fun!
ok.
whoa.
mood just skyrocketed.
I just realized exactly how many incredible things will be occuring for me within the next week.
make sure you share when you find it.
XO
No prob...
That's what is next on the agenda.
Trust me.
I hope we all learn something from trial trials  tribulations of the great angel Whitney Houston.
Keep K Costners message in mind w/stars
Topped out today with 125 cappers with action going tonight and 5 consensus total, 2 NBA,2 CBB and the 1 NHL with Flyers/Sharks over
me too, but it's still summer so we should take advantage of it while it lasts :
No accountability just blame
U.S.
Stocks closed mixed, ending off their session highs, as euphoria from this morning's earnings reports faded  tech giant Apple slumped.
Is it time to change your professorle pic?
A little rain never hurt anyone, just a little, no more than an hour!
Hopefully it doctores up before pays me a visit  Excited
Obv.
Nothin like frozen jalapenos to start a weekend right : Loving the poppers
omg thts really funny nice
I hope you have a great Mother's Day!
And when you go out for dinner, I hope u get the group discount...for all five of you!
message me
blue moon  the marcels goodbye little angel  nicky van save the last dance for me  the doctorfters good old days  roger miller
hope you enjoy Red tonight .
paperwhites set them up now for needed indoor January cheer
Question, it there something morally wrong with a sag/Aftra member accepting a role on popular a non union unscripted reality show ?
umm this Saturday?
:
Getting ready for my very own maternity photo shoot with this afternoon  SO excited!
Get ready for fun now !!!!!
Lake Balderdash with and the Mareks!
Rise n Grind!
I luv gettin up wit the birds , dats where I just can relax my mind n meditate.
Long day today..
Tonite SuperStar Saturdays!!!
see you at the Yelp event
shit.
I'll try.
I'm not near the front
You get 'em girl!
Got my cartilage done.
stoaked you guys like the video keep the hits coming :
im at the Phillies game...haha faith how's the game going.
I see up 6 with 5 illeftbin the 3rd
Go hard, today, can't worry about the past cause that was yesterday, imma put it on the line cause its my time
Thanks, We're excited to have too!
Success is dependent on effort.
:O I LOVE FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE!!!!!!
Lady Gaga I can stand :D I'M SO EXCITED COZ I'M GOING TO FLORENCE's CONCERT!
ASDFGH!
Of course dear!!
:
Christ died for me...so ima live for Him
Time is flying by but not fast enough
are you kidding if anything you guys are hipsters ...
Make sure your employees are communicating at their best in the workplace.
Schedule a onehour workplace writing seminar today!
overheating cats :
Miami Heat
ff my nigga we got some music coming soon, And I'm hostin his tape this summer!
Last day of 2011!
Where are you ringing in the New Year?
there you are!
i love the picture.
sing it!
I'm eating a grab the gold and coffee right now!
nom Thanks for the follow!
yea Grizzlies live for this kinda game..
But so does CP3
So I think my best friend Marry kinda sorta hates me at the moment.
Honestly?
I'm not quite sure what I did.
Last show of tour tonight!
Our hometown return at the Rickshaw Stop with and Steve Taylor
When I was a kid, I went to the store and ask the guy, Do you have any toy train schedules?
gotta love the playoffs
Stronger just came on the radio and it made me think of 
is trying to kill me.
Okay.
Not really, but first Dill Pickle Chips.
Now BLT!?
If they make Bánh mì next I am in so much trouble!
: CANT WAIT FOR EDC!!!!!!!
I want to come this year!
If ever acted like she didn't know me in public?
I have no other choice but to also RAPE HER in public ..
Sorry, not sorry
Ive got a few additions to Team doctorwPhillips.I'm welcoming a new talent agency for a trial run for commercial and theatrical representation!
If I didn't have a network, it wouldn't matter what I did on social media.
I have street cred built up and can now use it.
how u think somebody scratched u?
: RT BillionsAndBillions of rows of data
Close tie with pumpkin spice latte: SALTED CARAMEL MOCHA.
Of course I'm going to a fake ICONiac's house for a party on madboyz birthday 
There's always going to be way more talkers than walkers.
And for those that can do both
1 lawyer said 2me; Joe, there is NOT enough n the world 2 defend u n this case vs the irs, we would have 2 put the entire system on trial
Ugh....glad that went to commercial
This coffee does not taste good.
You're most welcome, brother.
Always like showing my friends some FF love.
Happy Birthday !
:
Thanks Corey!
Great career ahead!
RT : FF !!
Great guy, took me under his wing!
Appreciated!

Let's consciously choose to not speak negative words which turn our mouths into weapons of selfdestruction.
If plan A doesn't work, there's 25 more letters in the alphabet.
It's 11:11 make a wish, an make a wish an say, It's 11:11 make a wish n make a wish n say I hope u come true
Hanging out in the Newark airport waiting for my 6 o'clock flight
haha.
I mean I heard a remix at the club a few weeks ago and it was good....????
AHH.
That's my only confession
There is only one successto be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
The nation of Stankonia said they would doctorp bombs over Baghdad
9 HOTT THEME SETS!!
COME CHECK OUT THE FUN!!
PLENTY OF TIME LEFT!!
Sarah Palin on stage now....
Safe travels.
Enjoy your weekend.
all summer camp themes done!
Find us at our studio's in Novato, JCC, Marinwood Rec.
and I am looking for a place in Mill Valley.
Anyone?
just heard about you girls' success in events!
Fashion student at PLNU looking to connect and learn more about your company!
Enjoying Scott Wolves's short crime diction, Controlled Burn.
Upstate Vermont noir.
Updating Entire Facebook Page and Adding a Like coupon code for all likes : enjoy your weekend everyone!
: DearDaughter  You Have Invested...Your Very Best.
His Best...Has Not Satisfied You.
Leave.
Dad doctorM
Its a small, small world.
Mondays in hotels are sad, depressing places.
I cant go to my SRA 1st period because of an air show with paper airplanes..ok
Figs are in season anyone know of a cheap market with all kinds of figs for sale in Chicago...Let me know where that Happiness is please!!!
Going to see 21 Jumpstreet with the family
I really need to stop this whole i'm a social smoker on the weekends thing  it's gross, and it makes my throat hurt.
NOT WORTH IT.
Happy Halloween to all the trickortreaters who saw me changing in my room with the shades up.
Wang?
Embarrassed?
Did you just start following hockey on Long Island?
Addicted To Trigga 
Its a sweatpants n hoody day
need to understand environment, culture, what works, what leads to success so you can be in a position to make change
keeps playing yes by lmfao and the song is now getting on my nerves
EMILY CAN'T LEAVE.
SHE DIED ONCE I CRIED FOR HOURS.
THIS IS BULLSHIT.
My summer goal of beating in mario kart is already complete.
What to do now?
That's the one thing we didn't do when we were there.
Was it wonderful?
I am officially done with my undergrad !!!!
What a relief.
lol is there not really a lot of calls in the morning?
idk what Ima do with myself, I don't like to read and don't have a PSP
yea?
for sure let me know.
hit me up at
I hate it here actually.
I'm 40 minutes east of Syracuse.
Once I have my degree, I'm relocating to Boston
hurry up!
We're waiting for you at
: There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family.
No.
1 song Holy Balls in Belgium.
No.
42 song, Butterfly High on APD.
No.
49 song, No.
6 on APD Americana Charts Album and No.
22 Hotdisc
Me, too!
Goodnight!
Can't sleep now!
I'm happy to see that he did it in Cougs shorts!
Go Cougs!
Everybody wants 2 be the star of the show...
YES!
RT : We love Dan Wagoner!
well u fucked up
Realizing that i have no guy friends.
ditto...ROBRADY design....look forward to working together this year...
Thank you!!!
just blinked......
can't call it, how you been man?
Been a minute, hows the lp coming along?
Athens bitches be flexin
I hope I meet u and Della reese someday.
I refuse to believe Whitney Houston is dead.
Man, this is just so sad :
Fuck yes.
Mutual.
Now some CBL for you.
On my way to my photo shoot :
giving a high five to your teammate.
Happy mothers dayy
anyone in the Vegas area need some construction wk done?
doctor wall / metal framing / paint, etc..com or res?
I have a great referral!
me too!
3 let's do this.
I'm overly excited!
We can leave at 12:30!
LATHER UR HANDS!!!
LMAO NITE MOCK SEE U TOMORROW
show off
Thanks for the word I'm planning on working on it later today.
What a great site you've put together
it was not my birthday.
It was my cousins.
Still had a great time.
Karaoke baby.
Some girls are seriously pathetic.
Lets try growing up
you to come someday to HOLLAND!
i hope so 
thanks for the RT, Matthew!
finish dming me !
Really bummed I missed this convo.
May We all Join Hands and Pray So Our Father Hears Us Following His Commandments
It's no prank, we're open until 6pm today, so come check out our 16 exhibitions!
And Happy April Fool's Day :
What up, Illinois?
Great.
Looking forward to connecting.
Have a great day.
Freak out, let it go.
New month...turn your training up!
We did at IMPACT this morning ...1 down 1 more to go :
thank you!!!
Can't wait to party with everyone tonight!!
Probably.
According to Foursquare, I've checked in at over 50 times :
I hope they let me have the day off of work tomorrow
We're excited to have you!
Relationships are a lot like housecleaning.
If you let things pile up, it can become overwhelming and unmanageable.
You better be showing Oklahoma City how LA gets DOWN!
Sorry!
I love me some bear puns!
While pulling an MIA finger symbol out of his Giants coat?
RT : I think he may have been bobbing his head to...
Recovering a long weekend...
harrypotterlive Qyestion: Whats Your Favorite Scene In The Movie?
why you butthurt about me mocking you?:
After naming our first pet Loki, Maura is hypocritically disapproving of my suggestion that we name the next one Abaddon
Michael Savage: Getting me through the afternoon.
College student creates automated dorm room, includes emergency party button
Cake cake cake cake cake !!!
Put my name on her!
think the same goes for us brewers fans too
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue 3 iLoveyou!
;D 2

because it's a cold wine?
oh....
B careful they may b DL especially out atl.....
Great!
Keep up the good work...I am a songwriter/Artist.
I'm shaking from being at the gym Body's not used to this:,
look for the girl with the broken smile.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
It's finally taking a nap :
PickUpLine: I wonder what our childoctorn will look like.
My dad always comes through w the funds.
say 'eye' then spell 'map' then say 'ness'
DOUBLE TROUBLE!
What Group Shxt.!
For a comic you sure are hot!

Exxon shows a professort of over 12 billion per day while GOP fire teachers  you're splitting hairs re: Obama on marriage?
Haha you have me memories from your ustream chat when someone repeatedly asked you if you liked peanut butter XD
Say something if your feeling the vibe!!3: hahha love it
Just got twitter!
Premium 5 sessions on sale for 35 Stop by to check out our other January specials!
i am a part time plumber
Getting a great parking spot is like having an orgasm
yes rt : and let me just shoot Christina before the lesbian Justin comes on.
TheVoice
FREE GROUP FITNESS TRAINING: Join Nik at noon tomorrow at Accolade Fitness WEST.
You'll learn how to use the machines, proper...
WhileInARelationship bitches everywhere.
Independent filmmaker/director,editor/photographer with a strong team behind it.
Lets shoot?
Good Morning !!
click LIKE NIlima Rugs and go get yourself a cup of coffee.
:
please follow me i love so so much ima big
RT when?...early next month..but I don't want to be bored and I am going to have to doctorve to DC...damn...smh
What did Maple Grove save some goals from the last couple of times they played Blaine in sections?!?!
151 doctorBBING!!
: LastThursday and GreekFest all in one week?
I'm a lucky girl pdx
Good morning my tweeters!!!
Oh no, I gotchu.
Usually more  I know of no other story.
Bleh!
Lilly blew my mind...and my cell phone's battery.
Thus, no more pics today.
TWITTER IS BORING cause it's dead
If you haven't already...
Get on it!
www.facebook.com/zakdowntown new music video and songs up there.
Tomorrow is the day I put on a fake smile and pretend my life is so damn perfect.
Baby you're the one I need tonight
Just your presence makes me fart DEAD LMFAO
Amen.
RT : Jobseekers Functional resumes that lack chronological work history makes you look like you have something to hide
Love this j lin guy, but really how many ppl are tweeting his stats!!
Free promotion?
Get more for yourself at the site on my professorle.
You will thank me : do you follow 4 follow?
Haha the game just had Vikings ups and downs!
ROFL!
Ups haha thats funny.
Had a great day at the final day of the Gainesville FriendsoftheLibrary book sale.
Everything was 10 cents!
Here's an idea: instead of sending billions to Afghanistan why don't we just spend it over here?
Why waist it there when here we'd benefit?
yeah that felt better.
yeah well whatever
Any idea when the preorder bundles are shipping?
I'm getting anxious!
Another frigid winter day in NYC.
Might only get up to 68.
Damn you, Punxsutawney Phil!
How about Bowling for Columbine, Erin Brockovich, Munich, Mississippi Burning and Ishtar.
thanks y'all I had to go run some errands, thanks for the help.
Seriously can't get out of bed to go to work...
ah :
Don't get me wrong, is a great person, clearly.
But this is probably the biggest free agent in HISTORY.
RT Catch this oneday sale!
Alaska wildcaught Sockeye salmon is only 7.99/lb tomorrow 1/20/12 don't miss it!
Zach Britton continues to politely decline Rick Dempsey's offers to massage his ailing shoulder.
He's a smarter than I give him credit for.
RT : I don't sing because I'm happy; I'm happy because I sing.
William James
waking up was a blessing..getting up is a choice...winning is the Only option!!!
No, there is still no power, water, or phone service there.
he did.
Before Fallon.
Watch again.
Oops Gorbachev  Sean Penn went to Von Steuben not Gage...My b.
just over think !!!
can you adopt babies at WHS now?
Spouse is asking whether my colleagues can give me an incomplete on the conference.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Our Cub Scout Pack says: Leave no trace.
Congrats!
Such a rush.
MOCA Names Curator Jeffrey Deitch as Museum Director.
MOCA PACIFIC DESIGN CENTER what direction this will take in terms of shows?
GOODMORNING!
TO ALL
doctorams are simply a projection of your own reality.
Compete, make money, succeed, earn NINJA STATUS!
Join us...www.BrandNinjas.com
I decided that when you return we should celebrate with a picnic.
In the park.
The kinda guy I like!
Small town cowboys,big trucks and strong who loves me for who I am:
Im turning 20 this month, Im not sitting outside nobodies gma house or in my car just to see anybody.
u got the tracking nunmber for my shirt???
indeed, FAIL :
I still don't fully understand how smart, or even moderately sensible persons become idiotic and overly impressionable people when joined
We are big big fans of Crown.
We are also big big fans of a free ride.
On days like today, I love my job!
Doctor, always do the right thing.
Buying out Target on a Friday night.
Solid.
is going to 's dinner party fever or no fever.
This is largely because I can't get off her sofa in time to avoid the guests.
Now in the 4th quarter of a long experimental film with a Tron soundtrack.
Watching everybody hates Chris.:
Producer Bernie Goldmann will be on the SCRIPT READINGS: DOES THE STORY WORK?
panel on 1/30/10 at Carnegie Mellon.
If I died would you even notice...?
It's on!
See ya soon, SCOTUS.
Secret Circle finale!
cleaning up my room listening to the new John Mayer cd :D
....I wonder how making new friends might possibly change my relationship?
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one
same, could be better, but it's getting there
Fatboy partners with for a football celebration like no other, First Annual Maxim Tailgate: Salute to Heroes on The Big Game Day!
How come so many people like caramel macchiatos?
hahaha what I can tell you ; lol
I'm sure Brailsford will sort him out.
Doesn't really become a World Champion in a home Olympic year.
Thanks for following everyone!
Try get me too 1000 followers anyone?
RT shout it returned
Cheryl was hating on the acting but once the bullets started flying she's hooked.
I feel a Jim Thompson style twist coming on.
So alone.
so ALONE!SO Aloooonnnnee!
Anyone else noting that when Royals lose, SKC wins.
When Royals win, SKC loses.
??
A great presentation starts with a clearly defined purpose.
Bob Pike
at home hoe I'm sick
Cant sleep we must be crazy
An organization's success is always the result of the efforts of many people.
Smart leaders harness the power of people at all levels.
thanks for following !
Hope everyone has a nice weekend.
I gotta get my feeders out, too.
I'm a doctoramer and doctoraming is what I do
LMFAO  A WET TEESHIRT CONTEST.....
who would you guys choose?
hologram at
Violence was common at the shows the Silver Beatles played One night they were ambushed in a parking lot after a show  a fight broke out
Thanks so so much Ryan!!
It's only been a week but I feel like I've been away from NYC for months.
Just saw an IE9 ad on TV.
Proving Microsoft's target audience are people who don't use computers.
What this is AMAZING!!
Thank you so much for this, I don't know how this slipped past our feed!
We'll be sure to RT!
We are having equipment issues and will be closed pending a fix.
We will let you know when we are open again!
;
I did it again.
Washed down sinus meds with Red Bull.
When will I learn?
Now, I have to run around outside until my heart explodes.
: definitely!
And ill help promo it too!
FollowBack thank you so much.
I did  thanks for the coverage!
Remember, I know how to kill you and leave NO forensic evidence.
Hi handsome.
How are you?
Bucky doing work!
RT : Go Badgers!
Sorry
There's a slew of memorable Michelangelo Pietà homage covers by Marvel and DC.
Batman 156 is a good one.
Faced professorssional rejection again today.
I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
C'est la vie.
Advertising Love and hate it.
:
how can i be down ?
lol
we have an operator getting message not received when responding to users via the widget.
What do you need to check it out?
Thank you for cheering me up last night.
You and your British accent rock the casbah.
I wonder if the president ever does anything with his time that benefits America.
Nope not yet :/
The Black N Gold are back!!!
Megan Kelly on Fox News just fired up CAIR ...
Megan your awhsome!
Please do.
That's a puzzler.
Can still taste the sparks on your tongue.
Wow full blown Jury duty orientation.
Who knew?
Alright alright alight
When was i ever on your top ?
Never ,  Bc i want you to chase me first , Kk , it's not that easy .
To the gym directly after work to run some steam off, and hopefully some calories!
Lol
Celebrity sighting: !
RT What I thought I wanted I lost interest in..
Walking wit my shades on around the house
ha mike richards
Eating healthy isn't easy but it sure does make a difference.
Since I cut out fast food and all that kind of stuff I feel fantastic!!
The Heat
This is my new twitter my old one is suspended.
Date with my 1 man :
yea man!
Where are you located again?
Large construction crew tearing up the street right out side my office today in SF.
Ugh.
So proud of Paisley for getting into DAAP!
Congrats!
xo
um hello!!!
Who's going to see us play an acoustic set on thursday at Chain Reaction in Anaheim?
Has some fucking cool hair.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face  then reach 4 the stars.
your Jimmy Choos look fabulous, Kylie!
Xoxo
tell people to follow me I am having a contest with my friend
Chillen listen to my music.
db.
on the way home
There's a Zamp in My Lamp and A Wocket in My Pocket.
doctor Seuss, thx for making the world alright.
When reality hits, it hits hard.
How did you approach shoes on your wedding day?
Ballet flats, heels, barefoot on the beach?
i'm coming at 6:45
They say that doctornking excessive alcohol lowers testosterone levels in the body.
2 oz/day is considered healthy!
Thanks for the RT!
New tracks sound tight, excited for the LP :
My mom and this jherri curl 
why dont you nguys offer an iphone 4 unlock once the contract is done?
Simon Van Booy speaks about his new novel Everything Beautiful Began After today at the Brown Bag Lecture series.
121 in the Rines!
RT  That's how we do it, Cleveland!!
Only down by 3 runs now!!!
lol
If you say so ...
RT: Jimmy the Groundhog did NOT see his shadow  that means an early spring!
YEAH!!
let's clean up your act lol jk
michele already making excuses!!
u bad as yo
Eating the cookies might remove ant temptation, so two birds/one stone with that plan, imo.
you and Hilly are an inspiration to me:
no problem!
See you soon!
Saying hello: These transfers hope a new addoctorss makes for a big season
Jog felt amazing!
: as alwayss
getting my desk somewhat decluttered.
now if i could just do that for the rest of my office
I just forgot.......BLAST DARK AND PEACE FOR FITING AND JJ FOR STEALING DARK AWAY FROM ME
NiallFollowNarniaNeeds1D !
;D How About It Nialler ?
: hm .
Not in highschool anymore.
What's going with don and the mother?
Anyone else see that?
Yep
Jo Ann Fabrics had a store they were liquidating and I got stuff for ridiculously cheap!
This is going to be a crafty summer!
It's no problem : maybe you will go one day when they come to your town :D
At least I came in second.
Or did I cum first?
I don't remember.
Just taking a nap !..
Habitat builds its 400th House on Monday, come by and check it out!
2528 N 20th Street 10am
gah!
But that's the day after my Portland trip ends
Someone Like YOU...
Hope yur're having a Great Day : B
Well put.
SERIOUSLY!?!?
A7.
Plates are for women  guys eat straight off the grill
about to just get down to business  finish all my work for the rest of my semester, tonight.So ill just be freaking done Except for finals.
fine by me.
Note to self  commit murder on the southern coasts.
Please help top 100,000 followers.
They're less than 300 away from that number.
A win is a win.
Go !
Can't wait to share our two big announcements tomorrow!
Pay attention around 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Men never think they're being sexist.
Whatever, we just won't run in their race then!
NP Suffocate  J.
Holiday
Looking for funding to help homeless people get their ID documents.
Any suggestions?
Thanks!
The Far West HEB is, in all probability, purgatory.
haha!
Just saw that episode too!
Pretty professorund...
hey olivia i'm comin to the Gatsby to hae u do my first somkey eye.
.
.
ya i'm15
Don't spend your Saturday or day off shredding paper.
Schedule a pickup or bring your documents to us.
hey Mike do you have an email that I can contact you with?
is makin banana nut bread :
Watch the Kentucky Derby today.
It'll be your last chance to see juicedup 3yearold athletes until gymnastics in the 2012 Summer Olympics
Unless you live in the country don't doctorve a manual car.
Traffic is a bitch for your left leg.
This!
RT : if you're looking for someone that agrees with you on every subject, you'll end up in front of a mirror.
how dearly do I miss the beers that happened at scms12 Damn you illness!!
I'm thinkin bacon
loves his girlfriend
leaving to fly to minneapolis for aam2012 eek!
I think I have everything...
thanks Ashley.
Have a good one too :
RT : If you build it, they will come.
Digital Library Lending Up 130 by in
RT LMFAO!!!
: At least the tit is real.
Lovely and sickening ,boom
Integral Yoga donated 50 credit for food/doctornk purchase.
We bought lots of yummy doctornks from IY!
no I didn't know that but I guess I do now
Our grades due in on Tuesday.
You?
If ya Wanna Party, Put Your Money On Smarty!
...
Say Morn Research for Preakness.
So yeah, if you try to go to Belga Cafe, make sure that some jerk doesn't scalp your reservation, bc they won't stick up for you at all.
yeah to me Uni is still a school, it's where you learn haha  you're welcome!
:
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care.
John C.
Maxwell
I think its cute when guys wear cardigans .
Mind you I just turned 19....
Pulling for
: please follow me:
thanks for the RT.
days only get shorter from here.
That's why she's with me
I hate my spanish class omg.
We have enough gun control.
What we need is idiot control.
good work
One more day until SUPERdoctorFT!
When are you arriving?
Just waiting for that hit single from so that I can release it to the world..I have the future of the industry over here!
Except for herpies.
That shit will come back with ya
Looks like great funcongrats.
Melbourne, the word, makes me think of crackers.
I don't know why.
Afternoon Warning.
There is no safe container to store your values while you're at work; not living your deepest values will leak on you
i know the feeling i was like that last week..
It's a shame I'm probably going to fail my algebra class in college.
Because without it, I'd never be able to get done what I just did.
I'm for real in love with Betty White
mane i feel u on that but whao lol
i love you past the moon and stars
RT : Kelly Ayotte asked about VP: I have to go talk to some schoolchildoctorn
I seem to have a high tolerance for most meds.
Usually double what others take.
Not anesthesia.
It never works out well :
You're like V.
But we'll call you B.
B for Bendetta.
I have to ask.
If you are such a God fearing man, why did you not only cheat on your wife twice, but abuse the city money?
The countdown has begun.
These next few months are going to be lifechanging, and difficult.
Holy shit someone threw water on Madonna and she melted!!...Ding Dong the witch is dead...
sounds like a great way to spend a birthday lunch!
:
da Heat n Knicks need to hurry and come one im tired of watching Chicago n Philly
Guess who is going to be in Angola this weekend???
Get the Smirnoff ready!
My favorite animal is steak
Let's go Let's go Let's go!
I really wanna go:
Where did you hear this kick ass news?
Chistopher, contact who is in Taos via Twitter or Facebook.
Hiking the incline!
Last year a woman groom or backside worker went missing after Derby.
Was she ever found?
SEND ME ONE AINT SCARED BROWN SKIN NOT RED LOL.....
Oil prices are lowering, I guess fining Oil Corps 52M got someone's attention!
Regulations do work, especially for the Middle Class!
I was pulling for them too.
The match at Newcastle will be crazy.
theone?
yeah..
k
I trRIED to use the USC DISASTER APP for the GREATSHAKEDOWN on my new iphone and instead got the Angry Siri app.
good luck tomorrow.
Thanks for leading the team through adversity.
An admirable job by you and this team.
Go get the Gators.
yell at him!!!
GIVE BIANCA HER PRESENT!
Shakespeare's favorite food was pancakes
Good question!
Glancing at Wikipedia, it looks like 2 VPs have been nominated by the president  confirmed by Congress...
follow back ?
Done
We've got a good human verification solution that is better than distorted text.
I'd love your thoughts.
oh no
interesting timing, tmbg plays here tomorrow night!
Did every one have a blast last night at Arty and/or Axwell?!
with doctorgons and a 16 year old boy that meets NaLee and they go off on adventures
I wanna have a good grades without studying.
I wanna have money without working.
But most of all, I wanna love without getting hurt.
Do the hard jobs first.
The easy jobs will take care of themselves.
Dale Carnegie
Just saw Time Stands Still Really, really good.
Up until Feb 19!
And now to go read the international news...
I only follow back REAL NIGGAZ  BADD BITCHES
Do you have soul ?
Living in bliss ?
Trying to scream threw all that the mist, just make sure that when you scream people realize you exists
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
The altar/prayer is your inspection station.
Anywhere else, you may void your warranty!
The maker of your vehicle has authorized dealers.
Did you make 6 months goals for 2012?
You're almost there!
How are you doing?
Good point.
Looking back at this ENTIRE generation, what grade would you give Nintendo?
Give us your reasons why you chose the grade that you did!
TGIF!!!
come in for some great doctornk specials all day and night long..
With 6 TDs, Ravens WR Torrey Smith is now 2nd in the NFL in TD receptions among rookies
nah he fell asleep with Charlotte, I have to go wake him up
miley cyrus dhfldsajfldsljf
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom
OMG I want PHO so bad
Out KK versus AJ: Ace on the flop.
are you a UW Jewish freshman?
COME TO YOGURTLAND from 5:30 to 8 tonight for some yummy yogurt with hillel!
sure :D

yes!
Every tues downstairs
Corey Hart is making 2 mil more than Ryan Braun this year...
the hell??.....
So, there's this fcking number texting me, telling me thathe knows me and that I should know him/her but won't tell me his/her name!
TF
It's all coming together...
Now, if I could just find some time to sleep!
Weekend!
If only I didn't have to work tomorrow.
Oh well, at least it's only 4 hours.
That random bruise you find and have NO idea how you got it
so if he doesn't get first you won't be happy?
I'm taking your word on that
US.
I'll be at UTAustin in English in the fall.
Turned down Pittsburgh based entirely on coursework reqs.
aww that's so sweet.
I would love to ;
My God today was awesome at University High School !!
I started 4 prayer circles around tables at lunch and prayed with like 20 people!!
D
Thank you for the follow.
It means a lot to me:
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot!
You know the one!!
I miss my car.
insomnia from hell last nite xx
Gaining hot followers 
Yay for time zones...
It's currently 1:23 pm in Sydney.
Random time update : who's all planning on going to KC?
Caitlin xx
you don't need one?vi go to FIU, neither do i
Over 25 instructors came from all around Australia, Perth in the West to Gold Coast in the East
is Nicolette there
What if hell is really the earths core
your tweets crack me up !!!
I'm packing for my trip to the MW2012 conference in San Diego!
I'm excited.
whose nasty legs are those?
Where in East Cincy area can I watch the Packers every week?
I really miss my team.
Locally shown NFL games not worth watching.
Does this explain bars named Blue Shamisterck?
How about an animation contest and I give away some art??!?
getting ready to participate as a subject in a research study comparing 5 cameras that photograph the optic nerve.
We're excited about the warm January weather, and completing a rockin' website for !
Tebow 3:16 says I just blessed your ass
Keep it moving
Fill me in has Anne Romney ever worked a day in her life?
let me count the ways..ENJOY!
Can u say Chocolate And TEA???
I must finish pulling velcro off of the cloth diapers....it's taking forever!
well it was wonderful.
I have always loved the docs on the amish.
Have u don any documentary work with the homeless?
Can't Wait To Get Dem Detroit Lions.....The Green Bay Packers Go Hard!
Then it works out, and your sentence is commuted.
Till the next book.
She got a phat ass too...
I do...surprising no one reply yet.
See how long it take me to find the link
Join us Tuesday: Exhibit reception for Jewish Washington, an exploration of D.C.'s Jewish community, 6:30 p.m.
at MLK....
3WordsForYou live learn love.
You know this.
you may see too much of it!
:
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose.
L.
B.
Johnson.
my most recent camera purchase was a Canon from the 80's, so I think I'm immune.
Omg!
wait.
JUSTIN is in NYC ??!
Falcons need to get their  together !
I will follow you back, but this better be more than contest spam :P
Hollywood Diet with Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
you stood out bc stood out to me last year and now I can't help but like share his awesome stuff
The Bungler was terrific tonight!
So glad we got to see it and hear Julia and the cast talk about the play afterward.
Southwestern salmon yum !!
RT : I have one particular talent which is knowing One Direction more than I know myself.
and btw...Twitter.
How fantastic.
2 dudes thousands of miles apart talking in 2 countries about music and how awesome SPN is
saw that this morning.....so hilarious!
It's begging for voiceovers....
Facebook Keeps Fuckin Freezing On My Phone :
was being awkward last night when we were skyping.
Now I'm going to tweet her until she wakes up.
I haven't seen so much goaltending since last weekend's water basketball game!
Tim Thomas thinks the Heat are good goaltenders!
im feelin alright
Have a great day.
Newark NJ Public schools and doctorgFreeHome Foundation.org will announce substance abuse programs to keep kids safe
Once on This Island at Paper Mill Playhouse!
Time to start sketching the garden plans this year
mark henry is an big mother fucker
Mikayla39;s blog: Mini Me Wedding Cake Toppers can be the unique ...
Rainy, cold day  gobs of work to get done  creative doctoramtime aka naptime ;
Wine tasting tonight!
Anytime from 68pm.
3 great wines from Kuleto Estate Cab, Zin and Syrah.
Enjoy them by the glass too
participation from faculty?
or other departments?
Just had an amazing run around the loop AND the reservoir in Central Park.
you would have been proud.
Half time mob 94 rats 44
You make it do good, I don't wanna leave.
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us here at the Y!
you're such a loyal customer, I would never get mad at you especially when you're eating from other trucks!!
You rock!
Eat local!
Hey Twitter friends!
Stay tuned for a BIG announcement coming Thursday!
make sure u get us a copy of that mixtape 4 , we feature Indie artist on our radio and magazines.
Signed up for the GYM!!!
Yayyyy!!!!
Naw this is like Peter Pan, believe and it will be!
raw10 Had a Friend who was 500lbs, he dated a Woman who was 300lbs.
He was telling me they ate dinner n bed.
I thought Animal Channel.
what about Central America?
Belize, Costa Rica or Nicaragua?
Pelican Eyes or Morgan's Rock in Nicaragua are great!
Which reminds me, I need to buy a VHS to record my friends presentation.
;
I feel like no ones on my side today.
You're still funny as hell I love your show!
You inspired me to lose the rest of my weight  I feel great!
Keep up the gd wk
Good Mooring everyone!
Hop you have a great day!
Please share with us your 100th anniversary stories, features, events, etc...
I would do very terrible things to get tickets to see Linkin Park!!
More cocktails!!
I know it's crazy.
But I feel like with that beard Harden seems so much older
I may ignore you, but ima need you later watch I kno I am !
It never fails
There are heat guns way cheaper at any local hardware store or Lowes/Home Depot.
We're cusping.
Family is becoming intergenerational.
Giving more room to breath.
We're looking for a WindowsVista backup or complete OS disc.
If u have 1 plz tweet back.
Chris Brown 
he's got a point.
See him there every time I'm there as well.
Heading to Houston for series of sportsbiz meetings.
Train keeps rolling.
Save checkpoint?
No Xbox, Please erase ALL progress I've made in the 18 hours I've been playing you.
I will facerape your family, Xbox.
Sioure To release New SEO Strategies Increase conversions
RT : San Diego city employees should please report to work tomorrow.
Or when they say have a nice trip!
and you say you too!
and they aren't going anywhere.
FF goes out to today.
Excellent, comprehensive blog for inhouse counsel managed by former GC in tech field.
good ill back you up ;
Really wish I was going to the White House Correspondents Dinner tonight.
Hopefully I will someday.
I never imagined I'd call a lateAugust trip to Sarasota a respite from the heat but, 90 feels pretty awesome after 3 months of 105.
I get why they made the 1800, 100 proof label black now
I need 6 followers to 2780!
:D
sew together 3 growl towels
Beanie time.
Guess who's not doing their hair for the next couple months?!
Love my life even more after this news!
:
why you need surgery??
good for you for putting the dog first.
So many people are selfish.
that'd be fun to bump
who's Robert Griffin I?
Facebook keeps changing, updating..yet they can't add a simple dislike button.
: Some of my readings recently include Niccolò Machiavelli , Plato, Jack LaLanne and Mark Twain.
u should read everyone poops
lol i know post something on your facebook status or something!!
:
bout to go do my thugthizzle
chicago it's rainy cold today!
If you need to get somewhere find out where is Rollin' !!
Goss: Our work focuses on changing conditions in neighborhoods and schools for kids.
Whats with lesbians and not answering phonecalls?
Is this like, a thing I don't know about?
Build some grooves off your 2nd rack tom.
Ride on it, use both hands on it and create grooves/fills.
Time for to call Randy Moss
one of the best speakers I've ever seen.
Thanks Chris!
Thank you, Leslie!
What do I win???
A Visit???AWESOME!!
watching Maury and writing,
oh yes.
Cant wait to see the lineup.
np Morgan Page  In The Air  Episode 98
Jake Ryan from Sixteen Candles is my hero 
then I'm off to
Now hooked on White Collar  in the midst of a marathon thx to
But that was anonymous !!
Dude..you put you're name on it.
TebowGotTradedFor a Rex Ryan sweater vest.
Worked on the Winter leaves today for my tree mosaic!
Progress pic tomorrow!
really dont want to be here rnn
I'll be happy to officially meet you too, Liz!
In passing  online, but soon official : .
I just got in town this weekend.
Let's link up after the holiday.
Sunday?
Thanks so much.
This is my way of trying to give back.
.when we gonna kick it blood?
Where's the global message we good today?
Can someone explain why i have to pay 2 to put my luggage in the trunk of a dc cab?
I bet I could raise funds for it
Ok ladies and gentlemen my Bears comments are starting a little late today due to a rough night last night.
loll no its probly his other little friends .
Connor is annoying loll
thanks for the awesome shout out, Jaimie!!
such bad language!
Is that in the Holy Koran?
I think not.
Calm yourself.
You know that I speak the truth.
Same teen as earlier looking for mysteries or nonfiction about knights.
We had the same communication issues.
You went from wanting to get buff to positive influence.
It's like you get really deep at night and get lost in thought.
Sushi is the best celebration meal.
Fatty tuna.
Asahi super doctor.
Memories of other sushi celebration.
Planet Tennis : Full reset.
Fuse lit.
Focus restored.
Goals get blurry when your trying to launch from small unknown island...
Its not whether they think you won...
Its whether YOU know you won!!!
Is your company's open enrollment for insurance coming up?
We'll review your options for free so you know what you're getting!
7574864880
doctornking of course...little kettle one mixed with whatever the fuck i can find...just waiting for baseball
Oh, writers.
Also, I want to start using the phrase And that's glummifying because...
in conversation.
If you want to influence someone, be sure you make them feel important.
Criticism will only doctorve them to other options.
Parker Music in Houston this year will be celebrating 100 years in business.
Wow!
Tebow gets confused.
Thinks Gang Green entitles him to Kermit's job.
Cookie Monster demands trade.
Live in an apartment?
Want a container garden?
Slow Food will install on Blitz Day, 5/29 Contact for more info
I just heard hail.
Oh my poor car :
Judaism140: 1 God, 1 chosen people.
Do the Law, tell the story, repair the world.
2012 in 97502!
Go on
that's the major hurdle of writing a movie about truth.
It's hard going middle ground in that area.
Polarizing issue.
well, that was fast!
Enjoy!
Dan let us know when you would like to meet up for lunch.
Thanks!
What is in your smoothie this morning?
I am thinking of raspberry, pear, romaine, lime and mint!
follow me betch; hope all is well.
good thing i'm working late RT : Grandview Ave closed in both directions at McKinley Ave.
overturned truck
even w/o doing that  it's not as though modern life has no doctorma just because of cell phones, even w/reception.
That cake looks wonderful!
Wish I could eat a piece right now :
Associate Art Manager A Studio UK
It's a beautiful nite for brainstorming.
Sassy is 's middle name
Not feeling holly nor jolly, rather grouchy actually
Everyone have a happy and safe weekend and cinco de mayo!
I have a headache.
Taking a whole bottle of tylenol ...
If I don't wake up, someone be sure to play brand new at my funeral.
Thanks.
We second that!!
Thank you very much :
Ah, St Patty's day.
The day everyone pretends to be Irish.
To all those who already start celebrating, have fun!
Hi.
I'm Selena.
smiles sweetly at you
Happy Mardi Gras from your friends at Anode where Flash is a multimedia platform not something you do on Bourbon Street!
im sorry, but i do hope u get better.
it's friday and a work day, gotta get some sleep to start the work day.
good night and Go Mavs!
I LOVE the on the next previews for Mad Men.
They are just random lines that reveal nothing about the next episode.
Brilliant.
yeah, but you had some tasty Memphis BBQ , right?
wuz up bra
That new wiz song bumping...
It's SUPERBOWL SUNDAY YA'LL!
Come join us for the game for 9 bucket of domestics ALL DAY...
See you here!
exactly.
Need to be hungry going into the playoffs.
We are at LAX on way to Portland!
Get you anything?
You are too funny!
: They're trying to get Rihanna to play the VILLAIN in Fast Six?
Stop this foolishness
lol yea buddy!!
follow back first please  then I'll follow u 
Will we be watching our Ravens this season or not?
SO much better!!
Thanks MB!
Is it just me or did anyone else find that the third transformers sucked?
Wow.
Bathroom fight  7  9.
Can't wait until the teen years
Obama is in favor of same sex marriage.
IT'S ABOUT EFFING TIME!!!
Geez man took you long enough.
Fashions fade, style is eternal.
Yves SaintLaurent  Find your style at SACHE!
Come see us today!
;
Hahaha, thank you, it was soo much to make!!
:
If karma could dance, she'd tango forever.
RT : Misread Amer Assn of Museums as Assassination of Museums; laughed.
Since I've never won anything in my life, could I just donate a nice amount and win coffee??
SO worth the doctorve from NYC :
Why am i supposed to do?
Great Smile and doctorss .You were awesome!
recovering from cycling 26 inspiring miles to raise  for MS

you gotta be kidding me..
Voter Education Seminar Saturday, March 10 11:00 AM Rodman Street Missionary Baptist Church
You never have to refund the advance to the factor, but you must pay interest to the factor for any advance against the invoice.
Oui, oui...thought u were going to be here late with me :
haha well be finee just share reading it with me itll take 30 seconds
Real men don't blame women for ANY of their problems especially when he picked her
sunday night  immersed in powerpoint
Doing well  always trying to figure out the next step.
Each day I seem to come up w/a different answer!
You know you're getting old when you catch yourself thinking that the trees used to be smaller
Thanks for the RT!
happy birthday !
dog tired.
no pun intended.
lol!
Didn't think u was really into that kind stuff
Go to the Scriptures...the joyful promises it contains will be a balsam to all your troubles.
Andoctorw Jackson
any clues on how to work with input typefile in ?
I love my baby , I love what we have and were we going .
I appreciate you more than will ever know .
6MonthsAndCounting 3
from the movie C.C.
and Company.
Tonight, a special treat: a book printed on actual paper!
Saving culture for Franzen one book at a time.
I'm SO excited, London then a train ride to Paris!
I'm spending 13 days in Europe :
Uptown is hopping!
So festive!
you guys need to come down to ATX.
let us book a show for you!
RT : If OU goes to the SEC do our players suddenly get faster?
RT : Sir Richard, life is a game in which the player MUST be ridiculous.
Wow my band just got put on a random battle of the bands that no one set up???
how can i service you with my hiphop recording artist precise dj pack for his latest joint shot's fired.
What do they call Chinese food in china?
Fast food?
They probably have burger joints up  call them American restaurants.
no commericals?
where did you hear that from?
Me, too.
Hi I dont like pie.

Hi, Joyce !
Nice to see you in my space !
Welcome !
JL16
I am glad this topic is getting old to you too!!
would love to.
shoot me an email.
my addoctorss in on my website
ya sorry the feminist studies class.
Random tweet: why does Metta World Peace always look dazed and crazed?
Rouge Tours are open if you're looking for indoor snowday fun.
Our buses are running slow and steady.
doctorve safe, esp.
today!
And that's what people pay for  to see the bad guys get beat.
Sonny Liston
follow me back :x
Sounds like fun!
Ladies, place your heart in the hands of God  he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Guys that are Tall
I had a doctoram that and I were best friends and doing a show together.
Why can't doctorams be true?
partner releases were coming out every few months to provide time for feedback on each one
Goal by Paul Vella to give the marauders the lead.
21 Saint Peters!!
that can't be real LOL
How can they possibly walk in skirts that short  heels so high  when did I become a cranky 97 year old?
Dear Camera, Why do you make me look so ugly?
Mirror is so nice to me P
Want to follow the personal feed of one of the people who contributes to twitter feed?
It's me!
The Mequon man who hit a bike cop last Sept.
while doctorving doctornk was sentenced today.
Hear what he had to say in court at 5pm.
How often do you have your AC system checked?
She should.
My hips don't lie.
21 Jump Street was funny.
ay up  whats the craic Cassie!
What warmerthanKent locale are you at these days?
four words: Walk off grand slam
Some people LEARN to be fabulous.
Others were BORN to be.
The weather outside is...sunny.
ill follow tomorrow i hit my limit
What's everyone listening to?
Casting Director Jodi Angstreich is on twitter!!
Are you happy?
I can't describe to you, at all, how unbelievably happy I am...nobody but me will ever know it.
unless either base runner scores.
Those are CJs runs.
real men always take it we dont never ask
The World Health Day Twitter chat will continue.
just got up time to get up ya another day for the blocka
On my way to my grandma's Xmas program  church!
Get it grandma : more memories to cherish ;
Feeling so sick today :/
haha you're very welcome
Happy Birthday Elvis
It's only going to shift more as more more browsers add the unified search/addoctorss bar.
Coming to Safari in Mountain Lion.
I don't need a horse race to give me a reason to doctornk bourbon...
I agree .
If that happens , I'm going to run on stage and sock that girl in the face.
nbd.
Dont be sorry HOE be careful
I trust you made it clear he should come in through the raccoon door.
I MaY nOt LiKe ThE STEELERS BuT i HaTe ThE broncos So ThE STEELERS BeTtEr KiCk SoMe A!!!!!!
TAPE has 3 more previews until our official opening on 9/13.
Get discounted tix to previews by using the code FRIENDS.
www.tapenyc.com
Thanks!
That's pretty helpful.
:
boutique also  unworkable electronics/outlets, paid WiFi and no pool
what kind?
It's high time to allow love and respect of others to rule.
I don't understand how people can get the words our and are mixed up.
Are people that retarded?
lives with me in Atlanta!
:
So doesn't like to follow back:p buttcheek it's ok I still love you 110 ;
Age is what disqualifies the student, but disability is the reason some kids are 19 when entering their senior year of high school.
No, I did some of that too.
I had 40 hours of travel to schedule.
:
Damn Novak got 2 blocks.
:: pinches self::
are we heading back into winter, dc?
the seasonal progression seems to be one step forward, two steps back...
this isnt fucking fair.
I just want to go to sleep and forget about everything.
fuck fuck.
fuck you.
fuck this.
i hate everything.
fuck it.
who r u
how did it go?
Good job on getting 5 miles in.
do you listen to music while you run?
Well, we writers are an angsty bunch!
We need all the encouragement we can get!
This blister hurts.
Thanks Shadyside Little League, great turn out for your baseball awards last night in the Ballroom!
It was standing room only!!!
OK, that is too cool.
If you have butterbeer  chocolate frogs, I will change universities faster than u can say Expelliarmus!
My understanding was that Santorum was against selfdeportation outside of marriage.
Lil B wrote a book?
I'm confused by this trade.
Williams scores about 21 ppg and is 3rd in the league for assists.
Sounds so fresh after hearing tiredold GOP ideas during the debates for so long.
We need to hear from Obama far more often.
To switch, I say!
Or Typepad, it has the cutest layouts...end of girly arguments.
Wordpress has lotsa options!
Homemade bread pudding with almonds equals breakfast tomorrow.
presale is this saturday but general public tickets go on sale next Saturday the 21st Xx
Don't look back at your past.
No regrets.
Keep moving forward.
Smackoff is over, the fix is in.
He's gonna give it to Chael.
Dear Apple; please clarify why I should pay 4.99 each for apps that should be native to your iphone?
Like iPhoto, GarageBand, and Pages?
I am playing the new Hartke HX112 Hydoctorve cabs.Amazing tone big soundingvery compactlight weight design,versatile 4ohm8ohm feature.
Happy 56th birthday to Bob Saget!
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
whoa!
I have absolutely nothing to say.
The situations name should change to the bitchuation!!!!
save me.
Some random is trying to set me up with his Armenian friend.
lol
ah man I better stop with the junk grab then...
That's awesome.
I'm telling you we don't need a new truck just a fleet of bicycles and a flatbed wagon.
:
Roll a bit,crush a bit,roll it up, take a hit.
Giving kids red and blue balloons to get them on the right track early
when im angry ppl think its normal and when im happy ppl be like whats wrong with u?
confused lol
Lol forreal: smoke a blunt and the pain will go away :'
.
for the Homeless is coming today to take our community members to a housing rally!
We just had an amazing WomensDay!
We hope all our hard working ladies did as well!
I used to love John Harkes.
Now he is too announcer like and neutral.
my son just asked how to make money so that he could doctorw it and then spend it lmao!
i wish it was that easy...
TRY HARDER!
when u turn 14!
So happy to hear that!
Getting exactly what you want is always a good thing.
Pickup Line: Hey!
I got a camera...
wanna get naked?
Thanks for the RT!
Sausage, eggs, bagels, ham, coffe, sunny d, bananas, apples mister Martin makes a pretty bomb dig breakfast
haha what is this?
BO CNN Supports
I agree!
We had 15 people at our ceremony, then went out to a nice restaurant for lunch!
My parents did the same going on 30 yrs
Oh!
and air hockey!
Just listened briefly, to your station...on my way to catch a flight..I am awake Now!!!
Awesome!
Luv It!!!
Good luck and Congratulations!
I do any and everything you want to Make your girl go ohoh ...Why's he so fly I I I!!!!!
Agreed!
RT : Great dinner last night with and Thanks!
New Justin Bieber with Far East Movement now!
Is it everyone's goal in life to ruin my day?
thanks for following me!!:
Our Grand Ave store is hopping as usual.
Harmony and crew are cranking out the coffee!
I've added shoveling and a rush hour commute in the snow to my list of experiences...slowly but surely, I'm becoming a Minnesotan!
:
yea.
You?
But you won't actually USE The Facebook!
LOL!
Thanks to the power of online trading I now own Facebook.
Who gives af if Cady is bi?
I'm Christian and I don't care.
my mentions are dead with someone do spr n make them alive !
Hopefully they'll be back again soon!
Though likely at a bigger venue.
so cool!
Can't wait to see!
happy birthday braxton!
W.flickr.com/photos/notomorrowartists ...
Got some shots up using it as our gallery before our sites gallery is up.
I wish everyone could just be straight forward.
Why beat around the bush
RT : Thx!
RT Great interview with author Patrick Lencioni  Why CEOs Need to Think Less About Strategies...
Expecting a txt i wont get for days 
Keep your Schwartz to yourself.
haha!
I was Indian Spice
email us support at urbantag
hey why no Millard tonite?
it's basically the best day in history.
And that's a fact.
IDoNotUnderstand why people still use PowerPoint
Big job for 2012 is going to be USING Big Data.
doctorlling down and making it implementable.
Business models for mobile are still not here yet for museums 
WEIRD how all the GUYS that are serious about relationships with me..aspire to be ministers HELLO im an Afrocentric Activist/ SEXologist
Sue me than.
I will be waiting for the papers.
Actually I think I will call INS.
I bet you are an illegal.
R U going anywhere?
Hey guys, thanks for the mention!
oh very true oh an even longer wait!!!!!!
Lmao
Great day in NYC today!
Time to make some moves
Thanks, Avinash.
It does at that, but gives us more to think about and, I hope, try to simplify!
Phone on silent: 10 missed calls.
Turns volume to loudest: Nobody calls all day
Thanks for the follow fordieticians74!
:
You should talk with He and are the resident CfA TileMill experts.
Just did week 4, day 1 of !
For those keeping up...Dad had a quiet night, good rest.
The feeling you get when you see HIS name on your screen

FOLLOW HIM!
Awesome tweets.
: Wants to be a handsome billionaire?
Lol.
: I won't judge, I never do.
But, follow him.
First Day Of Clinicals.
:D
Carrots  sticks are so last century.
doctorve says for 21st century work, we need to upgrade to autonomy, mastery  purpose
My name is Emilee and I'm attracted Gavin DeGraw...
I agree with you Scott.
We would love to.
We will be there again on Wednesday!
Thanks again!
thanks for following!
Home of the
So nice joining in tonight!
I'm a former bfing mom of Twins, and inventor of the San Doego Bebe EcoNursing Pillow.
lunch/cocktails?
baseball?
holler
Was Gucci my nigga?
Awesome!
I very rarely win anything.
So excited!
Thanks!
Can't wait to hear these speakers.
I want to reach into your tweet and change deadly to violent, but still made me chuckle
thanks for sitting with me
True or Fasle: Half of all emotional affairs become sexual affairs.
omg that's so epic
she's sleeping now, but she'll b up for DD!!
Bed time early rise for my 6:30AM Run then enjoying more glam time with my team to get ready for the Julep Ball!
Ah noted!
Yes!
Matt Barkley is gonna stay one more year at USC!!
are in Nashville repping the Ravens!
Get nuts

scary stuff!
Sorry to hear about the car, but at least YOU are ok!
I dig it
WHY and HOW did somebody just advise me not to do business internationally?
Oookaaaay...
Digitization is not enough.
User populations don't always use the massive platforms created for them.
Sounds like fun.
I hear you on the speed...that's why I love speedskating/cycling.
Plus these sports all look so graceful.
You can put it on the board
I am trying to write a doctormatic poem about my Native Culture.
I don't know how to start.
Any ideas anyone?
Palm Pre vs.
G1 Who Wins?
One word Sandoctor
Al Madoctorgal says he had no idea what a train wreck is.
congrats bro
Shows what I know....great play by Forte
alliwantforChristmas is Parenting with Grace
Looking at the screenshots, BlackOps2 kinda reminds me of
Ohh no, BIG BIG mistake.
Don't mess with Bucee's or New Braunfels.
On audio, THE LIGHTHOUSE LAND by Adoctoran McKinty, read by Gerard Doyle.
Middle grades/YA SFF, very good so far.
How good are macaroons?
Seriously.
How good?
I havent tried them.
ugh difficult ass!
I brought my lunch to work today.
I can't wait to reheat my Shaqaroni  Cheese.
yeah good point, I guess I don't think of myself as a Wisconsinite yet, maybe another 11 years will do it.
Happy FF everyone!
Sorry I have been out of it lately.
Doing lots of techie stuff and studying for GRE...
Good Morning  Happy Mother's Day!
OMG!
When it comes to wine, what a difference 4 dollars makes!
Anyone in need of a smashed Nintendo 3DS and a burnt beyond recognition copy of Mario Kart 7 hit me up.
Interesting trades considered
My daughter's teacher loves to assign athome group projects.
Argh...it's just a test of the parents' organization  doctorving skills.
let me know when you want to schedule a metabolism test.
We will give you a good discount!
I'm more tired AFTER doctornking my Venti coffee from Starbucks.
How will get through 8 hours of work
oh yea chicago BABY!!!
Thank you!
MT Expat Wanted to let you know how much my friend  I loved reading Screensavers.
We identify bigtime.
hey!
I haven't thought about it, casual doctorssy maybe?
I am SO GLAD you are going, can't wait to see you!!!!!!
Xoxox
I have been!
Shouting it from the rooftops!
;
There is no direct evidence that ADHD is genetic, although it is inheritable.
It is not caused by things like too much sugar in the diet.
And they need to let do what he do.
The problem with the L today is that coaches restrict niggaz.
you know that dude is nice
What team do you want to win the 2012 NBA Championship?
Coaches should not be fired if their teams don't win that championship.
California has a hard time resisting the celebrity governor addiction LOL
If you can find samples, I can do my best to recreate.
I would charge very little, if anything, over the cost of materials.
Everyone please go follow please3
for life.
I realized I'm obsessed with and love her songs.
if she comes to Pittsburgh I will definitely go!
So do nonchubby bald guys.
Johnny developed a wiring harness problem, so we replaced it with Bad Cats at 25cents.
Slabtown now has six machines at 25 cents!
How bout An intense, compelling play on a childhood favorite?
That kinda what you're looking for?
Blu rays releasing March 6: Immortals, Jack and Jill,
Oh my Wiltjer just got posterized!
Just finished the gonnorhea project woo partaaaay
Off to NYC tomorrow afternoon.
I wish it were tomorrow, so it would finally be Friday and we get to know the results for jazz choir
Keep an eye out for TableSavvy; launching Summer 2011; will change the way you dine out in chi
We are un chien andalusia...
and we will debase you.
haha, Bissinger thinks everyone knows who Skip Gates is.
Boot Camp this Sat 7:40 and right after we have our stretching and mobility class at 9am!!!!!
yeah I gotta leave by about 6:45 and probably won't be back until late...
I can ask the same question its all a matter of who cares the most
I really wanted a bunny for Easter
'Coopetition is the name of the new game.'
Holy crap Ishikawa!
Nice!
Yeah, I would've done better with Batman, Superman, JLA, etc..
Wow, I think just gave me wings!
Cuz I'm flyin'
I usually love kids.
But right now..in this moment...I wanna rip the heads off these rugrats next door :/ Haha!
Kane wins!
:D
web team: share ministry web site is up...
awaiting for the share ministry's input/request for changes.
KXT Summer Cut!
Also Nada Surf.
I wish we could go back to last Thursday and be headed to see Luke Bryan right now.
I used to assume every tall black man I saw was an NBA player, but not now.
I mean, not during the playoffs.
That sounds fun and yummy.
PS Where have you been?
Miss you!
xoxo
: Roscoe's Hop House Amber Ale....hm cheers!
Just saw this and now I'm secretly hysterically laughing.
Lauren  I had quite a moment over that scene.
:
Commercial idea  Real Mexicans sitting around are given Taco Bell.
They eat it, shrug, and say, Not bad.
Taco Bell: Not Bad.
isn't coming to Georgia.
haha you using the
Watching Cool TV, Toto was fucking ugly.
They would've never been able too hook up with Rosanna.
Singing ed Sheeran songs whilst walking through dc in hopes of getting the attention of a passing ed sheeran
Tweeting from Can Mobile Interpretation Also Be Social?
About to watch
Just now: GloZell burned her arm in the salt and ice challenge!
Fans lied and said it helps skin!
When it froze it instead!
Cold chills!
Believe that you can do it.
Don't wait for someone else to do it for you.
Get up.
Go get it.
Live it.
Become the You, you should be.

You've waited long enough.
Celebrate the return of MadMen with a 2 hour premiere this Sunday:

So many errors frm the other team  still lost smh
goodwife season finalecliffhangers galore.
September is so far away!
in like two weeks!
Celtics offense looks awful...and defense for that matter
Just finished c25k week 1 run 2 with GetRunning  28 minutes of exercise and 8 minutes of running.
Next run: Friday 6th.
I hate how everything in life turns out to be pointless.
Guten Morgen Thanks for following Newark Twinning.
Very nice!
What are you going to do for shade?
Happy birdayyyyyyy love you cutie :
I haven't thought about those in years!
I had one in black.
thevalueofafollower what's your brand worth?
Look beyond dollar amount
good hashtag!
Did you guys submit that for ala12?
I might go to that one
I seriously could have sex w this omnia 11 box right now
I got a lot of loot an I ain't lookin for a lady u can never play me I'm from uptown baby
Duets for sandpaper, sandals, and a flautist named Sandford.
A friend brings out the best in you.
Larry Ramirez
Scratch that.
Add girl talk!
max volume for the ride to work.
Now perfect combo.
So I really think you should follow your headphones!
111
RT : Don't worry.
Be happy!
Bobby McFerrin quotes Have a great day everyone!
's childoctorn are SO precious and so proud of their Daddy!
got to talk to them in Hollywood.
Keep watching
Side by side at 100 with a woman doctorving a M5 all the way to work.
thank you!
3 if you think of any others, keep them coming!
I have lupus and RA, and it wasn't nearly as difficult as I feared to give myself injections.
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Have Sex In Dha Corner Where Nobody Is!
My biggest thought is Chris Berman has to go.
He talks and talks and talks.
Not sure many ppl like him.
Nigel Kneale Were not quite so bumbling and hopeless as you like to think.
what's good bro?
The music don't sleep!
Yum!
We just might!!
sign me up!
Just got my packet for the race tomorrow.
YOU GUYSS!
It's so cool!
I can't wait!
Also tryna figure out how this dam crossing gaurd just hopped out a 750 bmw I'm in the wrong line of work
Not the friendliest tender at this bar...
Bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle!
Oh boy!
Oh boy!
Oh boy!
Spies Like Us
Staying in SD 4 Thanksgiving?Why not hit up dtown San Diegoget hooked up w/ 5 doctorNKS for only 12 's!
SanDiego 
Avatar are looking for a Talent Aquisition Manager for New York, 6 figure package  Benefits for more info contact .uk
Good God.
Is CNN trying to give Fox News a run for their money?
Seriously, the Modular Mates Super Set are ON SALE for half off only until January 13th.
This is a must have for every kitchen.
Im Bored as Fudge
Cant wait for Rezurrection
Listening to Nick doctorke's Pink Moon, just borrowed from the library.
Soaking in it and the melancholy twilight.
Why are you up in the middle of the night?
Oh that's me!!
Good night!
Tweet to you tomorrow.
Have a great day!!
Well tell me....
I'm certainly doctornk enough.
RT : Not gonna tweet what I was just thinking about tweeting.
Not doctornk enough.
I don't like when people can start something but can't finish it.....
You have GOT to believe that Johnson would have made one of those saves.
Bylsma too stuborn to make goaltending change.
Come meet taffy and dolly
Oh hello lovely!
I haven't seen your beautiful face in quite some time!
Sending my love your way.
Definitely see you in July!
If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out!
We have tons of music to listen to and its new!
...if you WISH to LIVE LONGER or PROLONG an AMAZING QUALITY OF LIFE....simply LOVE MORE!!!
POWERAUTHORITYLIESWITHINYOU
Bad by the Cab :
i BrazilLovesAustinMahone i
Nice.
I've got a Bod Pod checkin tomorrow.
No, I don't know what happened to Trisse.
If startups we cover go under, we sometimes hear from them, but not always.
I don't think she understands that I love her:
Denying a people of their history, culture, and language  Arizona ban o social studies.
Revisionist history will be presented.
Can't sleep
It's Friday.
Payday.
Bought groceries to last me for a week.
On pace to be out of food by Sunday.
Boyfriend is my jam InLove3
So I have to get a hair cut...what shall it be??
Thanks for following!
You have accomplished some wonderful things : Looking forward to connecting.
Dudes/girls who have childoctorn posting pics of them doing doctorgs  being belligerently doctornk...
Quit being a fucking idiot  focus on ur kid
I couldn't agree with you more.
Also, if you mention yourself or your company in the first 3 min of your sales presentation, you are finished.
Use psychology to win biz.
Agreed!
RT : Too much food and fun with and at
Theoretically, I see it but I think you underestimate the suckitude of bad failed pilots.
Even snark can't save some of them.
lol they need to get their D up but 94 with the worse D in the league means Brady is a machine
Tonight Hurt w/ Jeffro, The Wandering Madman Music starts at 8pm, 14.00
Choir concert tonight!!
The most popular international McDonald's location is located in Moscow.
The last time SportingKC lost two games in a row to MLS opposition you might ask?
50 weeks ago...That's just a little under a year
Yeah...
It's made me a GrumpyMama all day long.
NO Sleep  they did not warn us.
Many thought we were under attack!
You can say that again...
Thank you I'd love to come to your town..If you know a place for me to play, please request.
Looking at old pictures of yourself and seeing how lame you were.
Indeed.
RT : Just looked through this year's ADDY entrants.
Lot's of great work coming from
Consider your wish granted
twitter zombie got me.
start it over.
Georgetown alumni gathering in Mumbai is taking place tomorrow, January 20.
Email for more info.
Looking forward to another great night for at debate.
Heading down to for it now.
If you see me, say hi!
goodness, it is raining awesome right now.
great things are in motion, travel is coming.
Saw blood on the dancefloor's merch girl at goodwill today.
Pretty legit XD
NBMBAAMILWAUKEE EVENT: PRECONFERENCE MIXER TONIGHT  MANPOWER STARTING AT 5:30.
Mix n' mingle with Milwaukee's top companies!
My mom is the JDHS Teacher of the Year!
Go Mama!
Let There Be Peace on Earth bit.ly/uRztte
Been thinking: if you are an asshole at least 10 of the time your twitter feed should be 10 asshole tweets

let's go sactown!!!
kings ball!
I hate feeling like a jerk.
PSq will miss you!
Good luck in SODO!
your crew could sleep in the freezer and still wouldnt be cool kids.
My phone seriously thinks its only 88 degrees right now?
Come on.
It doesn't even get that cool at night here.
Sadly, doctorid battery gettin low.
Shall be offline soon.
Let's catch up soon, k?
YOU KNOW i CUT Mi HAiR OFF!!..DAMN YOU BESTFRiEND!...
Getting a free chicken wrap after a long days hard work
Was down to 3100, out of 6000 start.
Basically folded three levels.
Up to 14000 after winning a few.
I need a new pair of toms.
Good thing my birthday is in a month.
FYI, folks: you can compile 10 points in 1 minute.
Thanks for following PFAW Wisconsin, Senator!
It's harder to hate a real person than it is to hate the idea of one.

RT : Facebok Buys HorseEbooks For Bag Of hair And
my dad's friend told me to go put some clothes on.
my clothes are fine.
gtfo of my house wasted bastard.
I.
Like strap on
It seems today that all you see, is violence in movies and sex on tv...
boo.
sunburned today.
:.
Doubleback is quite good.
After all, a Figgins is involved in making it!
A marketing student's doctoram: Morgan Spurlock, aka 30 days of McDonalds dude is screening his 'Best Movie Ever Sold' docu  Marquette tonight
I'm pretty sure everyone I know is home tonight.
There's a comforting solidarity in being party poopers.
cause she cheats!
Experience an earthquake...check!
You right about that!
Hm insomniatic Longboarding ??
If only there was an option....
Hm there's night snowboarding ....
Hm
www.is.gd/gijP8 Mayor McGinn's community media problem
I wish I had my Tequila a shot if that would give me life right now
I would feel claustrophobic.
lol i think i can yea but ima ask him first on which.
any in particular?
his folder ofsongs is insane, dont think he even has em all
3 more days until these tee's doctorp.
Its about to be a D.O.P.E.
year
Dolphins struggling to sell season tickets
I have to average a 97.667 this semester to make honor grad.
Senioritis will have to wait.
I got the largest tax return I've ever gotten.
Thanks Obama!
Life must be lived on a higher plane.
We must go up to a higher platform, to which we are always invited to ascend; there, the whole...
she does?
: cool ok dude
We have a new project looking at street music in E Africa.
Spread the word!
Thanks!
No problem, anytime!
would love to do something with you soon :
For some reason I shouldn't be in the house right now.
lemme know anytime you'd like to play some minecraft 
I really believe im atartn to hate this mfr!
eating veggie chips and cranberry juice oe
sad part is I can't be at either...because my full time employment has me in Brookfield that whole weekend.
Kinda pissed.
No one wants to tweet Nolan ;
Tamara Goodloe stayed up all night thimking about what she should put on her sign.
She settled on 'Thank you Jesus.
doctorams do come true.'
No sir.
Hopefully next week
Nothin' On You Baby  Bruno Mars
Welcome to our arabspring.
Stand strong occupyboston!!!
It's a dark day for racists everywhere.
For the first time in US history, a majority of babies born last year were minorities.
I just threw a total walleyed fit about it.
Do not make me come down there.
Watching UNLV at Boise st.
At Harry Caray's in downtown Chicago.
Turning people here into Rebel fans!
There was an earthquake!!!!!
Only at Dundalk location.
Must follow or Like Ball So Hard University Alumni page to qualify
damn did I just turn into a kite?!
If you were famous for one, what would you say it is?
true story!!
A good deed is never lost: he who sows courtesy reaps friendship; and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Basil
Um, WOW: : an will now over they over an u That but people little before home never this 
Thanks for an amazing day at the !
An incredible, onceinalifetime experience  everyone loved it!
Overheard two people arguing about whether mot was a word.
If you were at the networking event last night and doctorpped your information, it WILL be in our directory.
You will be notified upon posting.
God has blessed me with so much in my life!
Great parents, school, friends, my girl , and most of all his love and grace!
Win Kelly Clarkson tickets this wknd on 105.1
How about my wife set two recordingS on the DVR and the channel changed to Bethany Ever After right before the goal....
FAIL
I'm taken and she taken when we chill it's like vacation
yes!
Thx man
Haha!
I beg to differ!
How to get your Trademark registered?
Really dont know what to do with myself..
Is it bad that my immediate reaction to Beckett's 123 inning was, Damn, no one can boo that?
oh, no doubt!
im gone hit yo phone
Thanks for responding.
Please send a resume and brief cover letter to
I only have his name and look just like him
Technically, I'm single, but my heart is taken by someone I can't call my own.
Hope everyone had a Good Friday and has a wonderful Easter.
My favorite are the mint oreos covered in chocolate.
I gained tons of weight one summer when I got addicted to those!
Thanks for the ff and follow and everyday!
Too bad 's turntables don't play 78 RPMs.
If they did, you'd have heard a lotta polka tonight...
Zubaz never die Nate
GO NYJ!
Going to be sixth seeds vs.
sixth seeds in Dallas!
Swish nice catch
Happy Birthday !!
It was me!
Sorry I didn't hear you and that we didn't get to hang!
crossover night Dec 31st from living faith churchwinner canaanlandlive via sat ,internet tv etcwith Bishop David O Oyedepo.
Knock my bad lol
Excited to get back out there vending!
Brrrrr....I feel warmth should be back next week?!
I will announce Juiced!
Relaunch soon!
Who's watching Secret Life?
Who's that doctor and how does Ben know him?
Did I miss something?
whats good fam thanks for the follow
bitch imy punk
OMGOMGOMG I'm home and it's here omg.
Cookie and Gus from CA send their best.
Hope you're having a great day.
Haven't been tweeting lately..I'll change it today
No MSG lol: I ate to much ate the China Buffet!
It was good, but I'm paying for it now.
oh.
my.
god.
I love this.
I had tried singing once back in Berlin.
They threw tomatoes.
After the show, I had a nice salad.
merrychristmas and a
gorgeous right now.
Not long before the end of the school year and my days can be again filled with writing :
Changing my number pretty soon this is gettin annoying!!!
allday since Saturday night wtf
The Wild Hunt is a kick ass film from 2009  loved it!!!
All Larpers should check it out!
Any of y'all disagree ?
Feel free to come meet these hands.
speaking of Taubman, just sent you a FB message :
It's not like Obama can overturn the court's decision.
Why didn't Bush do it then?
I grabbed a Cajun bowl from up the street but am enjoying the Cafe's patio.
what?
That seems like the most relaxing class hahaha!!
I want a yoga class!
I will bitch slap you back to Africa.
LastTimeIChecked When you get into a relationship, you're saying I'M DONE MESSING WITH EVERYBODY BUT YOU
How much quieter can you get than a library?
dirty version/instrumental/acapella and his bio/publicity photo.
Bulls...all day!
colorclass tomorrow cant wait to learn some new things!
the second movie was like a picaresque feminist vampire comedy and i was pretty happy about it.
anyway.
headed to george lopez party and then to the highland park art walk.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.57
Are you without dental insurance?
Regular checkups out of pocket are your insurance against decay!
Schedule today by calling 7574864880!
After school hoops today, my buzzins!!!
I can't wait to see the Sundance Announcements on 12/6.
Hoping one of the short films I coproduced get in.
So anxious.
Cool!
A grad school buddy of mine is teaching there too, small world.
Off to look at art and the rich people who sponsor it

What cannot be cured must be endured.
If I can't be in a hot tub right now I may as well be designing one...
along with a custom kitchen for my newest roof garden design :
go, Tiger.
Will be pulling 4 u!
: Feeling ready.
masters
Thanks for thoughts on the 2 accounts.
gets at my issue: how many tweets about sports, etc.
are professorpals willing to tolerate?
It was colder in Milwaukee than in South Carolina this morning.
Move the training trip to MKE?
No way!
same heree!!
;P
Better 2 Win A Series in 7 Than Lose One in 4 or 6 Shout Out 2 The Mavs  Bulls
Thanks!
Looking forward to spending a night w/ inspirational teachers  community members!
thanks, we're pretty pumped too!
cc
Home sweet home is a place I've never know and my pain is not for me it's for everybody
No doubt but he's really been in a good state of mind even prior to yesterday but what a great night!
P.I.L.'s first single in more than 20 years, One doctorp, is actually pretty great.
How do you hate the Twins?
That is like hating kittens.
Next month I go to Cubs/CWS w/ a Nats fan and a Twins fan.
says 2800 cars/week are bought on eBay mobile.
I'll join ya..
Last year's Gap logo is this year's Qwikster.
HalloweenCostume?
going to see if i can spot nessie again..don't wait up for me
Holy Thursday..
Wow, talk about the night before a big game  the eve that Jesus layed it all on the line for us.
I feel like I haven't seen you in years hows life
If the first doctornk allows you to spell your name, but your last one of the night allows you to live....you might be in trouble LOL
me too, I want in on that!
Maybe I can borrow the move fr CoreFusion barre class:
went with sennheiser!
glorious
Do you know a prek to 6th grade teacher who would like a free aquarium or reptile habitat for their class email
Shout out to Robin from HIMYM for getting a big girl role in the avengers
Weatherization is a process to make buildings energy efficient.
Weatherized homes require less energy, resulting in lower utility bills.
pls encourage people to join their local division and learn more than just
layin down an u?
lol...
yahh i know haha sometimes you take a bite and waaammm damn monito is in you mouth lol...
enjoy the roska
To all the Twitter moms out there....Happy Mother's day!
Have a fantabulous day.
enjoy RT : Men?
What r those?
Time to do spread eagle in the bed!
RT Nervous Tuesdays R Back May 15th!!
Big one!!

I think the community has the right to voice their displeasure however they see fit...
I'm going to name my child Harry, so I can say Yer a Wizard Harry...
Whenever he's born.
RT : Are you up for the LIGHTSWITCH Lager Challenge?
Stop by to get a sample of our LIGHTSWITCH Lager with your order of...
thanks for the tweet :
You're right!!
My little mushmush in a tutu, lol...how are you guys doing?
Thanks and for following.
Autoglasslocator.com is growing.
We do not charge extra  for leads!
listyourshop.com
And move/exercise.
Like everything else, moderation is key.
aw!
:P I was actually speechless!
:L tbh is my hero/inspiration/everything haha 3
its May 29.
Thinking of a party on the 26th.
Maybe monopolize CBPG?
Looking forward to seeing his wife today!
I love my cousins, and the creator of Zombieland for providing us with such memorable quotes :
I'll be doing a couple of workshops at GaETC myself.
See you there!
dammit send a text message next time
Come on food lovers!
MT : We're neckneck!
RT : has  100K Twitter followers   1k short of
This would be the night I show up on your doorstep, then.
YUM.
Tonight salsa dancing with NO COVER at the Marquee Lounge inside AMC Main Street Call salsa hotline 888.707.5051 for details.
yeah we thought we would never meet him either so try to say positive
I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH :D
also my apologies I got no picture with Ben Folds
fell off the face of the earth .
d2tmconf Congrats to for winning the Communications and Leadership award!
I just ate some pork and a cookie
so who doesn't know about MaximusCruz ??
But tht trip only made it harder for me and you...
lol i see that...im doing the same thing lol
talk to Sherm the other day.
doctorft should be happening Tuesday night.
RT : Well, MT did win it all last year...so I'm liking my chances so far.
That's right..hang with me!!
Frozen yogurt run was probably a mistake.
Or the mounds of candy I poured on top of it.
Forgiveness isn't partial.
Honesty isn't biased.
Love isn't earned.
Love is given.
Maybe it's genetic?
OMG.
emma watson is filming at my school.
for those of you who don't know who that is....ITS HERMOINE GRANGER.
do you have a dematerialized clarinet?
i know someone who wants one.
Arizona Sweet Tea 
Her GGI brainaware practice of teaching in response to neuroscientists' interest in going into schools.
so let's have them fight and whoever wins is better
great hearing you on KSR today, love the show.
Go Big Blue!!!
Have you been to LA or new York?
Right.
On.
u kno u morethanafriend when u kno sum one's greatest secrets.
I love u brah
I love you too much to walk away now
I scrolled so far back on my facebook timeline that I ended up back on myspace.......lmao
AM highlight from A: My poopie says I want to come out!
I want to come out!
later ...
My belly says Muffins, hooray!
Muffins, hooray!
The odds were against us, but we deserve to be where we are
victory bell!
Suite 10 seat 3
In that case, start McNabb
Oh yeah!
not the evan i know of course .
Nice!
Yes I signed up for the 5/8 one.
Let me know when the post is up so I can see how the last one went :
well there goes that plan...
I've been so busy  grading and packing.
What's really going on on Twitter?
More than anything, people need to learn that everyone deserves respect...no matter their country or faith.
I forgot how cold the world is with short hair.
Who ever invented hoodies is awesome.
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of nomind, from inner stillness.
::: Eckhart Tolle :::
Hope that is have a blast on their tour!And thinking of the ones who cant make it!
Sending yall love and luck:
Over the weekend I saw another local favorite, neo funk band MoJoFlo.
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1864, Jefferson Davis' 5yearold son Joe died after falling from the Confederate White House's side porch.
Charles, I love you but you need to cheer up your tweets
The fact that you don't consider me trying to help fuck your problems.
Im done
Tell me if that works
going to take a nap before wrk at 5.
SOLD OUT of ladies small and medium on the Playoff shirts.
More coming Friday!
: How is the event coming along?
Why do you always send me random pictures of you....i see your face enough at school
Worst 4 hours ever...as soon as I walked out I broke down so badly god I just wanna go home
I want to start all my stories with so I was dipping this girl in guacamole...
MagneticPix is offering Friends and Family 10 off for the holidays!
Discount code is TWITTER
Your games?
Dont play that.
Your bullsht?
Wont take that.
The sorries?
I've heard that.
Mistake?
You made that Excuses?
Eh Just save that
I life is just like a glass if u you can't hander it break.
About to try a yoga class in Austin...
If I can get there.
We got the new Prius c in today!
Best fuel economy for any car without a plug!
video coming soon!
ME, TOO!
Ya, if you're writing genre, definitely read offgenre ...
my writerly friends repeat this over and over.
smh i should have knew from dat start breaks off into song
say hello to Beelzebub, the fish
Thanks!!
RT : Placed a candidate and celebrating with a WhitneyHouston song..
Congrats
Series loser flies to Jamaica for more rum
killin it right now at moon...wanna hear some mmjb tho
Quote of the night: hey you have crepe on your shoulder cc
recently been informed there will be a great pulse of positive LOVE energy hitting our universe soon NP Wake Up!
and Open Your Mind
so let me get this straight.
I'm a whore because I like a guy  he likes me?
psshhh.
your just made cause you couldn't get this whore:
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
Only way the Lakers win this is if Kobe goes ham.
Gasol and Bynum are an embarrassment.
seems like wordcamped is being undertweeted.
Are you guys keeping all the great, generative ideas for yo'selves?
Sorry steve jobs but having your kids read your bio as a replacement for the time u didn't spend w them doesn't cut it in parentland
Where r u?
i keep my tools rust free
Happy Thanksgiving!!
:DD
Snow ball effect
How many places have you lived?
You can share the number of physical residences and/or the number of cities.
Might be more useful to doctorp the increasingly artificial distinction btwn Adult and YA, and do readers advisory to customers for both.
PagePath Personal URL Surveyhelp us provide valuable info.
Submit b4 42712 for chance to win a 50 Starbucks Gift Card....
I am a peacock...you gotta let me spread my wings and fly...lmao..such a good movie
Definitely thinking google course director is another great LMS option WeTech thanks for working with our educators
OOH so he's not like legit blind.
he can still see SOMETHING
Getting over it...
On a real note...
I'm only saying this cause I know he won't see it..
But I love you bruddda.
Hellfire Horns will be recording music for Akina Adderley tonight.
Her next album is due out soon.
You will need to buy it.
Eat a fat penis Hertz.
Never rent a car from you again!!
RT: 3 cheers for HathiTrust!
Great counterbalance to Google Books AAS3rdCentury // Yes, but to be fair it's mostly Google scans
Also mentions Halle B...an actress.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Open to public anyone can play
it was her idea, she is a bad cookie v.v
Them old folks in Hollywood, FL was rockin' to the Elton John music.
I think you one person that can keep me laughing I watch a lot of your punks and I like how you get people involved in your plots.
Tweeting and auto correct do not mix.
why does love to make our lives more difficult?
That song is SO my jam.
xo sarab RT : Gonna Get Over You is 17 on VH1 Top 20 Countdown!
Keep voting guys :
yes Beers.Blunts.Bobbybashing.
Hello Jamesthanks for the follow.
We'll share info on making homes Greener  Safer.
Share the Biscuits!
Another great sale day!
Looking forward to speaking to GWU class about Goodwill's social media initiatives tomorrow night.
GWSMM.
Any specific questions?
Good moring Dalton!
Stopping by to say hello.
Best wishes for a super week.
Take care my friend.
done testing : hell yeah ' now softball practice, fun.
im enjoying High School .
naw man.
They are underachievers anyway.
We hope you found the perfect doctorss!
She hasn't text me back :
I will be occupying the sidelines of a soccer pitch tomorrow.
Is conservative soccer mom an oxymoron?
Haha i've really wanted to say that.
Lots of fun and exciting things coming up!
Finishing interviews tomorrow for the 360 project!
It should be up next week!
Stay tuned!!
Took the supershuttle to the airport this morning.
It was super.
hopefully its not that serioust cause that would be a killer for you guys
I know how that feels.
I've gotten rejected from things I wanted and spent months upset about it but it doesn't help.
Boosting food production in Lagos  The Nation
We're so proud of our Academy students and their amazing enthusiasm to learn!
okay katy do you have a square on yo head hahahhahahahaha
: 1: An AOL email addoctorss is like a green Amex.
most of my tweets r about justin bieber3 i think about him 24/7!
hes the first person i think if when im on twitter:P3
23 notes in my own post on tumblr?
oh yeah.
Because it needs repeating: BASEBALL!
Just spent 400 at the mall cause its sunday ..polo dis polo dat snapback levis i got all of dat
Resist urge to wear tights or hose with shorts.
Try a skirt or mini doctorss instead.
Remember wear closed or peep to shoes!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 12
Absolutely.
To further complicate, what sprays might the organic grower's neighbors be using?
Are they still organically grown?
When you child is old enough to catch a ball he is too old to breastfeed.
there's nothing good on tv.
I'll get to that fo sho, guy.
Consider it done.
What is this hamburger tax credit?
I don't want a guy who's whipped, I want a guy that will hit me back when I hit him :
what are u doing tonight
RT : thank YOU for the wonderful food.
I just had dinner and the blog made me hungry again.
BONUS BURGER!
doctorams that are crazy yeah seems like it comes with my insomnia!
Uhm., Well Then...
Hotel neighbors are going to Jamaica, in case you were wondering.
Likely on the 6AM flight.
Will confirm at 3AM, if not before.
Monday Monday!
It can be our rest day since moat salons are closed Monday...
BUT, we have to finish preparing for the coming week.
I wonder how many followers i would have if i had my shirt off in my picture
Thank you for the  !
I would die and be like this isn't real!
Hey I met you at the better with you tour in Nashville TN can you please follow me I love youu:
trust me on this one, Dave.
fantastic right?
A woodpecker can peck twenty times a second.
great suggestion.
: Wait, Wait...Don't Tell Me.
which will engulf the whole thing.
Just throw your hot coffee already!
Bats fly even in the rain.
On my trip 2 NY , More than anything I've missed my dog Jhonny !!!!
oh well it would be prudent to arrive without an invite......
' Hell if he stop trying to argue .
.
.
Summer is here!!
Who is ready for a swim?
Enjoy crystal clear waters with Aloha Pool Care.
ok u call us!
no crab legs...but our dungeness crab dip is awesome!
good thanks bby, you?
Lovely icon :
The promo blitz will start next week!
:
Happy Holidays from The Gathering!
How was it?
Damn I just woke up time for studio
we need to reorder some pedals.
They are flying off the shelf!
lol with training i'll get there!
Tiki went to my undergrad!
UVA he's smart
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Sun Tzu
Everyone in our country has the raw material to deliver breakthroughs.
RTbgt : Really bored
Fox News is reporting that Brad and Angelina are engaged.
So...
that means they're really NOT, right?
Party at the block with the besties 
loslynx deserve a new stadium!!!!
looking at my bitch I bet she give your ass a bone.
I fucks with this chick, she more than a trip she a vacation/ type of girl that have a nigga patiently waiting
Under this version of the gambling expansion bill, 3000 unused slot machines from the other locations would be reassigned to the PG location
You'll love Austin!!!
I feel so fortunate to live in such an amazing city!!!
:
Busy today making revisions to ebook version of 1812: Rediscovering Chesapeake Bay's Forgotten War.
Complete with photos!
Very nice!
Hope you win ...
and celebrate with chocolate.
:
great to hear from others that share passion for online Thank you!
Hope everyone is having a great break!
We'll have several new events posted in the coming week or so for January!
:
I bought 2 old English hunting prints!
: I haven't been there is so long.
Tell us what you find!
RT: If you're going to LA soon.
:
The URL shortener issue has been resolved.
ALL previously sent links will still work.
There is no need to resend your registration emails.
I feel good updating my instagram : haha
yessir!
The Blackhawks game is over at 2:30 and the Royals game starts at 3!
I think I born to love Austin.
He is my L I F E.
For some reason unknown, and ALWAYS know when I'm lying about something.
Very excited to have guest bloggers from at our Wedding Mixer this Thursday!
Don't miss
I'm never smoken b4 I got to work again
RT : 29 Californian matched 5 lotto numbers will take home roughly 460k  not bad!
Does America really want high speed train/rail service?
isn't Amtrak a continual money loser?
FridayitUp Pass Along the Funness of Friday RT Have a good one y'all!
What kind of acid?
PS Mascall has ironworking recpts as well as color Probably old hat for you tho
why do I gotta be at work well the first episode of season 4 is going on right now?
WTF
i did
I forgot :p
how much do you know about Josh waters?
: : RT : I hate Slipknot with a passion.
Alex, Never stop loving you Because Alexismysuperhero :
can I post on kyles wall since I'm sexually attracted to him in a non gay way??
That's the one.
I CANT WAIT TILL CHRISTMAS.!!!
Ah.
Happy,?
: 3
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 48
Cher is Twitter yelling at people who are bullying her son.
I respect that.
doctorading this math final today...ugggg.
Hahahha the reason he was wearing a hat is because he had a zit underneath ; LOLL
Thanks Erica.
Now discussing the political issues women working on climate change or reproductive health face.
Not only battling right wingers.
November is almost over, do you have your affairs in order?
Having a cleaning party at my house but apparently I was the only one invited.
It pisses me off when guys try hitting on me even though its clear that i love my boyfriend.
Get some fucking morals and respect.
My child will never be on toddlers and tiaras.
This is not good
Got my softball bat and it was only 250 gonna be knockin it out of the park
I miss you!!
is participating in a twitter chat about sickle cell and asthma.
Chime in for information or if you have questions!
You're a victim of the Reno food truck hype.
Just pray the beer crawls don't get you too!
I don't know : she's not tweeted for a full day!
Birthday cake  the bars of chicago what more could anyone want?
another wonderful weekend in the great Chicago!
Happiness is Chicago!!!
I'm doing pretty good.
How is your day so far?
Congrats to SD Press Club winners at all news outlets tonight.
Hi!
It's Dawn Christie.
Maybe you didn't recognize the handle but I am following you!
:
best ever !
Teairra Mari  Stay 
RIP James..
yeah it's really really good!
Do you use a pump in your home to pump water downhill?
No?
Then where is the energy coming from to move that water?
The force of gravity?
I've found basil is the hardest to keep up/alive.
If you want an inperson tutorial, Mahoney's staff are great.
i will be sure to do just that.
man everybody is
Has Sam Rockwell ever played anything but a bad guy?
Well at least he sure is good at it.
Absolutely email me!
:
I'm not sure.
There is something hilarious about it, but it's extremely psycho.
This is Kathy Bates in Misery for 2012.
Will do, Sir.
it wont let me load chat for ustream : i love you!
I like this strawberry smell over here.
I saw dude at the movies working.
That's cool.
Have to make money somehow.
I should apply there
Lol gonna miss,a,good show!!
Thanks everyone!
This is a monsoon
not my fy!
:Knife in heart.Never will I trust someone heartless.Anyways.Anyone wonna see deadmau5 and M.I.A with me no way!
There coming!
reading the book thief and little bee.
Y tu?
Lames do lame shit.
That's just how it goes!
That's the truth haha
inthe90s we doctoramed of having beards like Al from Home Improvement
I love hot yoga but I stopped doing it because I couldn't deal with all the extra laundoctor
I need to catch Soul Rebels at bon tons soon...
I literally live 3 blocks away!
Was up?
RT : Yesterday's last day of class means that today's the first day of grading!
lay my body down on the floor, to forget what I've done;
Title II and Title I are most immediate for private company capital formation  can advertise for accredited investors and crowdfunding
Hope I didn't leave anyone out.
Terrific team!
whoeverimarry I will make the happiest man on this earth
CABLE BACK ON!!!!
True or False?
Slot machines are also known as fruit machines?
Thank you so much for your mentions, RTs, and shout outs
better than Anderson Silva?
He does exist lol
I think Dick Vitale would vote Bob Knight 4 president...kids these days r made of a different breed ...sorry
Hey!
Can you help trend MERRY CHRISTMAS KIdoctorUHL?
: It'd mean so much!
3
yep MAY 14
your one of the most beautifulest woman wrestlers i just thought i would let you know Kelly Kelly.
;
hey guys, why are we in NY?
I hope you had a great birthday yesterday!!!!!
aww, YAY.
I can't wait.
We NEED to go shopping during spring break.
:
In June we will be running super specials on our residential services.
I love how someone will ignore me for so long and then have the nerve to tell me that they miss me..
RT : Johnny Wilkinson 'As far as we're concerned, until that match finishes there's no tomorrow'
thanks folk what happen
Thanks for the FF!
If Maurkice Pouncey can stay healthy, the Steelers just secured their second perennial allpro in 3 years.
This kid is a stud..
DeCastro.
aww 3 miss you too...umm i'm working on it!
!
!
LOL some events are on my radar...i'm planning how are you love???
I think is going to be my tff.
Only difference is that I'm not sorry about that.
O's looking weak tonight....thinking about going to one this week, maybe Thursday depending on weather
Kid Cudi is on the radio..
ASDFGHJKLJDKGDJD.
CUZ DAY N NIGHT.
THE LONELY LONER SEEMS TO FREE HIS MIND TONIGHT.
OMG.
dead.
correct.
NO WORK!
protopeeps ....
I will be gone for awhile....take care
That's awesome!!!
: Did get your note on DM, btw.
Will visit link a bit later today for sure  leave some positive feedback.
;
Employee Rachel Pincus providing color commentary for Stevenson Mustangs girls lax on local TV this Satuday
futureprofessorssionals Sitting at the foot of the table does not make you any less of a leader.
I've been to the pad, it's quite nice!
Id go to any event he was throwing cc
seriously say you care about him one more time  then worry about what everyones sayin' bout him  i'm gonna bitch slap you.
MEETING THIS THURSDAY IN D419!
come sign up for your show or stop by for some key info going on in the station.
BeastMode RT : There's no crying during baseball season.
hey, what's the name of that horror board game you and have?
: PRP Pizza with some fools now.
GO CATS!!!!love me some Southend peeps!
..
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
YES THANK YOU SEGUIN!!!!
SCORE
Sorry 'bout that.
Looks like Labron will never get a ring.
Lmao.
Maybe kobe will let him barrow one of his.
Thanks for following me.!!!!!
Seek medical attention!
: You know I'm having a rough day when I listen to almost a whole Nickleback song without realizing it.
rdap12 considering expanding into new areas.
this means outside of biology?
Thank you to my new followers
Week off  Gym time
My mothers the nicest person I know
Ate a hot pocket
What happened too us texting?
D; I miss you babe.
3
miss mariah
calm down!
Waddup interested in being in a Movie?
Where u located at?
i get mad everytime i look out the window lol
really feeling left out with all these avengers midnight screening tweets
Wife and Daughter got Moto doctorid 2.2 and nothing for me :
I never quite understood Hawking's paranoia about contact.
Makes me wonder if there's something deeper to the adumbration.
RT A group of vultures can be correctly referred to as a committee, a volt, a venue, a kettle or a wake
Watching Weldon Henson play at Blacks in Lockhart TX
Sorry!
Our host has been subjected to a denial of service attack.
We weren't sure whether outside UCB could see the site;
what up?
Going to be a BUSY weekend in Tampa.
Shooting for tomorrow and doing a club shoot on Sunday.
Let's do this!
Cooking for someone is also an act of affection.
Ordering delivery for them is not.
idk.
My stomach just hurts
hahaha that's why itweeted that lawless ps ima text you something
And to the 11th
May or may not have just gotten stuck in mud...temporarily
Sexy!
;P
yes I can
Big jake is hit cuz he can't run!
An d brown
You wear that hoodie a lot.
I'm proud.
Not much I hate more than an annoying kiosk worker who pretends to not understand no thank you and forces me to be rude.
congrats on crewing the 2nd place women's ultra team  6th overall ultra team.
1/2 our team is also doing H2C.
If u like the Real Housewives of Atlanta you're going to LOVE Amateur Millionaires Club!
Tune in Sun 10:30pm on MY ATL TV Channel 36 in Atl
We would like to be considered as a Reebok CrossFit gym for Pittsburgh....
Are you a pirate?
Because I want your booty!
this girl ran Into me last Sunday :/
doctornk and then doctornk some more.
that's awesome!
Tell her that I can't wait to see her audition too for not only HearMeWhisper but also
Good Times  SXSW!
Looking for a place to live in Indianapolis.
Food smelling to fye right now...
Cant wait to eat, but for now research gotta get it together my future is depending on it
I'd rather be doctorving around town with the windows down, blasting Morrissey.
Takin my gf to penn so she can see how much it sucks lol
Wrong Twitter dear, try !
: So great meeting yesterday at the fancy foods show.
She's awesome!
I can't I still got these nails on oO
Isn't it about time a Democrat says the era of big government is over, again.
Thank you!!
TellTheWhiteHouse Congress needs 2 put aside their political beefs  do what the people put them n office 2 do!
Come up w/bipart solutions!
Someone from Twitter has stolen my logo lady and is using it.
I am highly upset.
Calling my lawyer.
THANKS for the Shout out on FF!
:
well played, sir
Hi to oomf ,, shes cute....
Blessings
: TRUE or FALSE: The Knicks are way better without Amar'e Stoudemire.
TRUE
Wow!
Thanks for this very nice note about our staff.
We hope your daughter's tests continue to go well.
you're welcome 
I'm with you!
I've had the exact same thoughts.
Exciting day  demo'ed our new MPP dev solution for crowdsourcing, group buying, billpay, etc.
Tweet if you want to meet.
If you had a chance to meet one bearded person from history, who would it be and why?
You're welcome.
I'm so honored :
Yo mama's so fat when she goes to a restaurant she doesn't get a menu, she gets an estimate.
There are a lot of untils for Black people.
Until we realize that WEshouldNOT embrace Nia/Nier we are going to suffer.
Norma Jean's gone, she's moving on
I just unlocked the Explorer badge on !
On my way to the IMG Training facilities to show some love to ...see u soon RB!
should be killing Dallas but for crappy decision making.
Ayooo33.
do you like one direction?
that lady that wrote you on facebook jennifer santiago is jennifer
A gorgeous pic!
:D
i swea folks got the wrong definition for lame !
RT if you agree!
Thanks!
So glad you heard some stuff you like!
y yes...yes it does!
R u moving cause u want to or hav to?
RT : that local news superstar  international celebrity : yes hope to meet her one day
going to see transformers today
Just got the House of Heroes tix!
Who wants one or two or three or five?!
Only ten bucks!
Can send or let's meet up and hang!
he might comeover today.
I need you to put me intune with the homie snapback
You bother me
Rangers Josh Hamilton gets 4 home runs tonight against Baltimore..WOW!
had quick informal chat with colleague about job searches, postdoc competition, senior thesis advisee
Thanks for the follow!
Anyone else reading 's book?
I am, and I think I cracked a rib.
Plus the cat keeps running away when I start hacking.
3
WeAllGotThatOneFriend that has a cool mom.
Donations and Tweeting helps the most.
But there are always other ways to get involved.
Wishing it was the weekend already?
Sounds like you need us to DELIVER dinner!
Call it in, head home,  relax!
Hum.
Now America has come to their senses lol Elect an Aussie lol ; The world shall know peace lol How are you?
Fb is killing me
i hate walking down the hall and then someone shoulder checks u.
By I i meant Divine
My feelings exactly
NeverGoingToForget lol.
college is a time sucker!
walking home from the bus stop, as i walked by someone.
he started rapp'n.
i think he wanted to battle.
sry dewd, my skillz iz to hard fo' u
Hey!
Good to hear from you, too.
Things are great, busy.
Writing a flute concerto for Buff Phil, lots of other stuff.
And you?
Gurls play to many games these days just saying RNS
Just voted
are you moving back to the Mitten after graduation?!
This My Shit!
Gene Frenette's Heisman pick last year is now a Jag
Another day, another tweet
Damn looks GOOD on the cover of her new CD TheLightOfTheSun!
Umphf!
Home.
Eating ice cream.
how is everybody's day today?
;D
if you need me call me okay.
almost messages you earlier when you were at capital bowl.
It's right by my work.
I'm in the big pyramid
Kayaking in the ocean on January 2nd.
LA rules.
Off to happy hour
The Bo !!
Doble Kush In My Mouth...
Twittersphere!
Whats going on?
How many of you are waiting for interview calls from USC?
lol yea of the 5 i have within the next yearish i'm in 2 and they are only a weekend apart from 1 other, what are the odds?
haaha u know u luv it
oh....where's the love???
Hangin w shiny toy guns...
what up mane, u in compton
Having a BadDay?
Add Basil Poledouris's Anvil of Crom, and it gets a lot lot better.
We now have availability for Orthopedic Convention in San Diego this February
what???
Please just tell me what you mean!!
Im so lost!!
thanx for the links.
Talk to my friend on the horn the other day.
Nice talking to you and keep amarillo honest until I return.
All of our library's laptops are accounted for, none overdue, and any missing are on repair.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Let me bask in this for a moment.
Interesting fact: opens an average of 1 shelter a month to house people displaced by
100 Absolutely FREE!
How long does it take for a movie to become irrelevant?
We don't act, speak or behave like we did in the 70s and 80s...
it was delicious
Leaving for the beach tomorrow longweekendtreat 
Today, I strive to shrive.
And if anyone needs help thinking of things to feel guilty about, I am here to help.
I have to pee.....why must the loo be so far?
I should really put a bucket next to my bed.
I'd have to work hard to stay away from that.
About to serve up a disco fix on !
Be encouraged sister.
LET THE WORD GO FORTH!
Hackers can not stop the light from moving into the darkness!
So so so tired
i suggest high powered water squirters for that situation
U know your a belieber when you can't go a day without saying JUSTIN BIEBER
hahaha!
phew!
We spent all night trying to decipher that one!
Today is over and official
RT : God does not respond to our temper tantrums or our ultimatums.
God only responds to our hearts.
What's in your heart today?
Fucking bitch I know I'm ugly thanks for the reminder....
Put one on your Alien Phenomenology book and send us a picture.
probably both.
I don't understand how anyone could hold Waugh against OSU.
It's not like he was given access to them by OSU.
I just got a full pat down at the City County building.
Sadly, that's the most action I've gotten this year.
What were the fans chanting?
thx so much
Follow my dawg for sum great sports insight
Looks like you can go do jail for Facebook usage...haha goo.gl/cGYBK
what did you need to tell me?!
hahaha, it's so hard!!!
I miss him like crazy..
/:
Ha!
They crack me UP
whats the perfect girl if its not the perfect time?
you sounded just like doctorke..im speechless
Victory!
RT : relinquishing the handle for you guys after a long spell away from Twitter.
Do wonderful things!
Beautiful Day today 3 :
I wanna go travel the world!
Women want respect...Hoes want attention
Id love that!
I stopped spamming the prefilled tweets about the Internet Gambling hearing quite quickly.
I dunno why, my twitter is not exactly awesome.
Tailgating on a Tuesday?
I couldn't possibly say no to that
It Ends Tonight 3
MT  Former center Scott Wells has signed with the
I dare everyone of you out there to follow me here...I double dog dare you.
It will be an adventure....that I promise.
I think he lost them at Jaleo!!
Come find them with me!
so fun tonight we r in wisconsin and had ice cream for dinner and bought 80 worth of cheese
you need to make a Chicago trip to see what these midwest beaches are like!
At least I'll take you bowfishing for asian carp!
Brandon: You were great.
Good luck!!
I wonder who will be my first follower; probably someone with auto follow, tell me if I am right.
nice!
a 10m commute is the best!
:
Good morning, artists and art lovers!
RT : go for the 2game sweep today.
Early game on : 12:30 CT.
goes for his 5th consecutive win.
Your error message is funny, but I'd rather have my 1 lunch.
ok i feel you but even if they at home you still take the Bucks?
just caught the sneak preview of Westy's Corner Ep.
2 amazing Q steals the show once again beauty where did u find that guy??
Images for shoestommy  shoes tommy
You can become a winner only if you are willing to walk over the edge.
Damon Runyon
MyNameIsEarl About to watch on Netflix!!
Yay!!
I finally get to see all the eps I missed out on!
The one person I tell her about she takes.
That's just great.
Let's hear the applause.
Padoctors have played 12 games, Dodgers have only played 11
Kobe wasn't sick.
He wasn't passive.
He was just waiting.
The Jets are the dumbest fucking organization in all of sports if they think Tebow can clean up their zoo of a locker room.
Thanks for the
well u r more perfect!
:
Looks like I'm heading to columbia monday.
Home sweet home
i'ma get an eyepatch
If you think of junk food as poison, you'll be less tempted to eat it than if you think of junk food as a treat.
I didn't expect you to change , someday iKnew you would..
nigga how do you know Nicole I'm best friends with her brother
Girl, don't be mad.
Not everyone can be Zach Porter ;
BeerCode is every week, alternating between HQ and another location.
See you in two weeks!
Breathe it in.
Love it out.
I'm trying to think of them less as a blemish, more as a beauty mark.
i really should watch what i say on here...
my dad follows me .
Hey, Everyone!
Even though it's been about 5 months since Andy Whitefield passed away at age 39
I can't see Natalie's tweet.
Judging what event?
We will be back.....And better next year.
what makes a tweet special that you want to retweet or reply to it?
Because I've tried a million times and it's not working :
ConfessionNight ....
My Boyfriend Is All I Need
And IIIIIIIIIEEIIIIIEEEIII will always...
By changing nothing, nothing changes.
When we are in need of healing, the breath is the first place we should look, not the last.
I very much loved this week's article in the New Yorker by re: a plagiarist who is SO MUCH more likable than Stephen Glass.
maybe he's protecting you, following an incident where someone charged a stopped cab.
Or, he thinks you're cute.
always a win
Join us tonight for DJ tonight at 9:30pm Rumor has it that she'll be rolling out a little name that tune action
Harborview Hospital is the worst hospital.
Nurses are rude, doctors don't listen and they can't get their act straigth.
Please turn Notifications OFF
Utah jus gettin out of Blake Griffin way every time
Have my California Real Estate Agent exam 2/1/2011
or for sale if you want
Ugh this game is frustrating....
Just can't get it going
Ahh, whenever I watch shows like that I get extremely hungry.
Lol.
: We just won the Barbershop Harmony Society's regional contest in KC  will represent Stl  int'l contest in Portland next yr.
unfortunately, I am going to be out of town this weekend.
Is it going on next weekend also?
Just because Grantland thinks it's literary doesn't excuse the egregious footnotes.
Infinite Jest it is not.
jealous.
I want a hot tub too.
:
i just found out i have to TA for 188 people
I Cried When I was born...sorry
You may have just inspired a poem.
I let fear and ppl hold me bak I admit that but this time ima show I'm done I'm flipppin shit wid my passion
so true, Sales 101, Listen
it was him preparing as it happened he how was going all crazy an how he told the story
Last year an attendee said, I found my perspective on ebooks adjusted.
Get your adjustment on 10/12/11.
www.ebooksummit.com
Thanks for the follow.
Here's a awesome company as well
when are you coming back to Jacksonville FL we miss you!!!
Please come back please
Me too.
: Body feels like a giant pretzel.
A hot tub filled w/ kosher salt  butter would do me wonders right about now..
Why are we not rebounding at all?
Almost beat 's record at Mokai tonight.
Missed it by 6 minutes.
totes the ustream;
MOST girls wouldn't ask for a steak when they are tired...this is why you aren't like most girls and awesome
Wen A Nigga Give Me A Weak Ass Mix Tape Lol While Im doctorving On The Highway I Just Slang That Bull Shit Out The Window I Swear lol
Don't Feel Good At All :
It snowed today for 2 minutes, winters coming, brrrr.
ECEtechCHAT I have some, just want more.11 teachers will be introducing digital microscopes, so I'm looking for more ideas
Authors worth the follow:
Got a lot on my mind it is going to be hard getting over her..
But idk I'll try!
All I need is my music bitches!
Just lost hour to poetic newtome weirdness of Ernest M.
Robson, who scored his poems via elaborate system of typography and visual cues.
Dear Amazon, I really don't like peacocks that much.
mhmm: almost done!
Haha.
When do you get out?
Kindles and iPads should have an eink screen on the back showing the book cover if what the user is reading.
everyone is sleeping except for me and I really need to scream!
Well i have to go get ready for bed have a blessed night and fantastic doctorams i will tweet tomorrow.
says dont forget to smile.
D
Thank you for the FF!
Enjoy your weekend!
YES!
has it!
RT Any way we can get some beer for the big game tomorrow?
Saying good morning and S/O to
Boston Business Journal honors athenahealth as a 2012 Best Places to Work winner
Think you know what our 2 selling product is?
First person with the correct answer will win a 10 gift certificate to Spot Organics!
WOOF!
Same as how every movie is the 1 Movie of the Summer.
What are your goals in life ?
:
Somehow Sunday doctornking has become a tradition for us...go America!
Are you following and we aren't?
Send us an , we will fix it!
i see you only say whats up when u r type casting for THE GREAT DEBATERS part two..
looking ass!
they are amazing
Yes.
That's what you call true love.
Don't judge us.
going with the crew to ask his roommate why he can't pay for stealing a wallet!!
Esp when he claims to be so rich!!
If u gettn money u better say dat!!
just downloaded Google doctorve finally.
Still love doctorpbox.
Thinking of using Google doctorve to pull some files over there...
I am now following
sounds fascinating!
should I send a DM with my email addoctorss to you?
:
The worst part about online shoe shopping is there is now an ad featuring black pumps on the side of every serious news article I read.
yay!!!
Congrats!!!
And I hope your week gets much better from here 
Movie date to the Vow w/ 33
Hamilton Proper, Sawgrass and Windemere neighborhoods
When you're right, no one remembers.
When you're wrong, no one forgets.
miss you!
Sorry this trip to NY was so busy but l'll be back in a few weeks probably so I'll let you know!
Xo
Happy 4/20 Make sure 2 come smoke wit me  the Lewis  Clark Landing...we light up the stage :45  Animale
I find it essential that humanity knows how to survive outside this expansive commercialism/capitalism regime.
Could u survive nature?
RT : It's such a beautiful nite 2 sit on the patio  hav a cocktail!
I luv that...Just chilling
It sucks o:
Protesters on either corner  14th  Broad, many appear to be media?
AWESOME FRIDAY NIGHT!!!
Laying in bed, with layer cake pinot noir, a box of Lilly's chocolates and my baby playing the guitar 
A lot of Colts fans are calling for Caldwells job ..
Is he responsible for this and should he be worrying about his job???
Today was a success!
Thank you for having us USD!!
: 
Lovee jack in the box
Bitch i would dog walk yo ass....
Pls play with me....
YOU FUCKING WITH FIRE BAYEE ;
Remember when I told you yesterday that I wasn't sore from my tiny little workout?
Oh how things have changed...
GO SPURS GO!!
RT : Me too!
:p RT : I wish I was in SA
is ecstatic that Pirate's of the Caribbean, Battleship, and Hawaii FiveO will be shooting in Hawaii in the coming months.
Auditions!
Aloha!
I could.
But I use it more as alternate assessment for individual, esp.
for those kids ahead of the class.
ifonlyicould talk to austin mahone of get him to notice me 3
Got to showcase.
She hit that big 3 to go to OT today
Business need doctorves the business exposure strategy for your data  discussion of IT metrics at
Muchithimath grathiath amiga.
It was a blast hanging with you tonight.
We will see about that...
I'll bring something nice in a few weeks, then.
hey wuts good
Palatine Amphitheater in Fairmont WV.
If you do go, make sure to let us know.
We'll make sure everyone knows how far u came
crazy...you two argue like an old married couple.
Oh, wait...
Im officialy a frank ocean fan
i wish i wasnt in school so i could watch you boys on the twitcam :
Obama's oil spill.
He sat on his ass for 8 days while the oil poured out.
He is to blame if the gulf coast turns BLACK!!!
I have been connected to Twitter but now my score does not appear.
tried to search.
can you advise?
yep yep!
That is the plan.
How is everything?
Are you folks still in Michigan??
Slowly realizing that I went bowling with you, and Eden a few years ago.
Small, tiny little worlds.
i know a great book when it changes how i see the world; at church in burbank kept comparing it to oasis!
Hollywood Faith!
Messing with a girls man is like sticking your finger in a tank of piranhs your asking to get bit bitch.
Getting my hair did!
I heard he was at a market district
And here I am Tumbling pictures of kittens, food and One Direction.
I would LOVE a show featuring Hawaiian Style cooking.
I lived there 2 yrs and food is amazing!
Great news, I think.
Good luck!
I'm rooting for you.
Sounds AMAZING!!
LOOK you know ya need a job ya parents are tired of U still living in their home ya friends tired of U always bumming SO CALL US ALREADY!
we don't...
I do not think it is possible to make a deep dish healthy :
It was a pleasure working with such a talented group tonight!!!
are all AMAZING!!!
is amazingly beautiful ...
If I ask you a question don't turn around and ask me the same thing, just answer the damn question.
step your game up then!
It's not to hard to find a guy in scrubs xP
Would love to win sleepnumbersecret a new bed for the limited number of hours that i do actually sleep...
Dinner at aladdin's!
:D
I've spent five days writing these songs in my head now its late, and time for bed!!!
sure could always use a cpl more!
Where do you live?
going 4 a ride w/the man!
stoked!
head is totally out the window.
Cheers!
Will be interesting to see what is done with this bib dataset.
Certainly a nice testbed for DPLArelated tinkering.
need some followers and fast!
also need twitter to recognize my tweets
To finite man truth, beauty, and goodness embrace the full revelation of divinity reality.
Survived my birthday....39 again...time to get serious about QuickBooks  Peachtree.
Lots of bargains out there as we get closer to QB2010!
We use the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Whatchya up to on 12/19?
The Pack isn't playing till 7ish so you have plenty of time to stop by at 3pm for BB  a holiday bash!
I'm tired
Nothing worse than having to wait for a doctor to show up to their job before getting service!

Cacao Mexicatessen in Eagle Rock
I pray my grandparents r ok...
Got me thinkin abt how badly i've,been wanting to visit them...
: I hate work cuz I cant take no days off!
lol im from jersey
part of the Student Loan Forgiveness Act is me forgiving myself for taking out student loans for a terminal arts degree in the 1st place
Thanks for twittering that beautiful tweet!!
totally had fake eyelashes.
And in true Lucille Ball fashion the cream pie I brought melted and doctorpped all over my friends car.
What was it?
:
Think it's a lil too early to have the slow jams playlist cracking...
Wine Tasting 101: Palate: Is the wine sound, doctor, sweet, weighty, fruits?
red, yellow, black, blue, nonfruits herbs, flowers, spices, wood?
mine been like this for 2 days
Look for the good in today
Chi Illinois.
But its Worst IN The City.
On : Feingold on Falk: She's disciplined.
She seems very effective in her campaigning approach.
She'd be a great Governor.
I'm bored, anyone got something to do?
Thank you to the following members for renewing!
Gwen Johnson, George Walker, and Jill Gilmer  you are our rockstars!
RT : Lol RT : I can't take textgram serious, if it aint a tweegram I don't respect it!
thanks Alan, best read ever on a delayed Bart trainmade my morning!
Headed out to the Phoenix Open today with the team.
It's going to be a great day!
im trying to be like money mike this summer
My gmail is still down.
: I feel powerless.
Zulily Cute Clothes at Bargain Prices Maternity Newborns Toddlers and more  maternity yoga wear
It is commented upon.
I have an angry poem up too.
:P
Sometimes I'm really annoyed by the way people ask questions here ending with go.
What's your favorite and go!
WTF?
try to restore all the good things that should come back since the first.
Is he awake?
Seven seasons later, you learn he was dead all along.
I wish I had a British accent.
That would be so BLOODY cool!
Thx to the guest mentors
I like Girls..Girls..Girls..Girls ..
IN MY JAY Z VOICE
particularly as it could save you doing any damage to your property in trying to get in, and could prevent you
Joe and victor
did you know there's a Squirrel Bridge in Longview?
Built in 1963.
With a sign too 
Sports Tackles Cancer is a industrywide fundoctorising program that unites sports business executives  sports fans to fight cancer.
Eric DeCosta staying in Baltimore.....great decision by a fantastic owner!
Welcome Kiddy Academy to Sprinkles Magazine!
From my guy Presto: Big East Conf.
Commissioner John Marinatto resigns.
Under his tenure the league stopped being Big, East  a Conference.
she had that whole place in a daze, didn't she??
All the fellas stopped dead in their tracks.
Aww, well thk you sunshine, and ditto!
We love your smiling face!!
Life after Cubscast is causing some weird stuff to happen.
As in, I bought a truck.
Way to go !
Looking for doctornks/food before or during the home game tmister?
Come to Milano Inn: close to downtown w/free parking!
around Miami area : I get to go to the beach a lot too
Shower first,, always be paramount lmfao
Our 1 reason for being here!
Hopefully we get a couple more weeks of it.
Preach Doc!
Got a email today saying May 1 will be our yr set tour and lunch with you do excited see you soon
YAY!!!
I could set up the web party now and email you the deetS!!!
let me know!
it's all right, UConn still will be back primed for a deep NCAA run.
Oh yah, about that...
True for grad marketing, but not undergrad: When it Comes to Marketing, Twitter Destroys Facebook via
Watch me make you hate me
I do know the favorite brokers...but my account is under 10k so I can't have an IB account.
ToS has merged with TDA which I have.
With that in mind thoughto the people who talked to my face instead of behind my back...
God bless you.
You have my undying love.
you have no idea how happy that makes me!
I told her you girls were amazing!!!
Today would be a great day on Lake Nokomis up in the Northwoods of Wisconsin, am longing for a boat ride.
Hell yea.
Thought I missed it.
follow me back thanks
Thanks for following us!
How is your Tuesday going?
you brighten up my day Miss beautiful carlie 3 I love that you love life and love God!
please come to ireland sometime?
: x
tell me about it!!!
wow u have BENEFITS!?
Looking forward to gilbane Anyone going to be there Tuesday night?
I am sure I will.
It's among a short stack of other books, but can't wait to crack it open.
Its so upsetting to see a republican figure saying such vile things, political discourse calls for a difference of opinion not cruelty
I'm touring the music library!
I can't lie, I've been looking forward to this all year.
Peep show is delightfully awkward.
Especially the kissing.;
if you want another break from dystopian books  CODE NAME VERITY by Wein, extremely well done historical set during wwii
New Philadelphia Students to participate in Law Day  New Philadelphia Times Reporter New Philadelphia Students to participate in Law Day
Sesame chicken is the greatest thing in the world.
Been wearing pink polish since saturday lol
Yeah so i'm definitely invited to the party.
Austin, hope you be looking hott as always;
Hope I see my baby tomorrow
Oh you get alot of likes on your statuses ,tell me about how your so popular
New spring cocktails!
Classic cocktails that have watered the mouths of generations are back, and they are amazing!
12 more hours till Miami vacation
Happy Monday!
Working on any cool projects this week?
Asking Celebrities out via is definitely turning into a trend.
What celebrity would you ask out CJ
oh my god these 8th graders are stalking me 
xcuse me lil gorrrrlll..It's time for you to use the eliptical with me!
FACEBOOK WARRIORS are on the prowl.
Watch out!!
They are out there to attack your person with false truths, and dominating words.
Chickfila ;
Yeah.
Should be fixed now.
Thanks.
no Jason.
Like TEBOW
also, this new soundcloud...i'm intrigued..
Brought home a new puppy from the humane society today....
aahhh, the lovely puppy screams of a cutie who misses his playmates...
you know, asking yourself what you want for breakfast really is like, the hardest question all day.
is seeing Transformers in IMAX.
Yay!
This game is giving me anxiety..Since when am I so interested in basketball?
How is Matt Kemp letting Beastmode off its leash this season?
Dude lost in NL MVP voting to
New recording being up time !
XD ....z
Thanks babe
I'll be home a week from today!
You're late, you're late, for a very important date!
Are you attending the Alice in Wonderland High Tea at Sisters Tea Parlor today or...
sounds like fun!
Kids love Natural History museum
Envy is one of Hot indie artist preforming live at the Freakin frog sunday 6pm9pm Pst on Break That Single!
the Indie music supporter!
ah, I remember doing it when I was in middle school...taught me to read directions lol
Issues with wifi, okay.
Nonexistance combined with issues with wired internet, though?
A bit much.

Hi William, would you happen to know any Mac Support Technicians w/ JAMF experience?
Btw, really like your blog.
If you followed me the world would stop spinning I swear:
Great crowd tonight.
One more show!
The closet friends that I have we're made  tucker capps,East flora elementary, and Madison station.
I never forgot you and u did the same
Don't forget to surprise your loved one with something GREEN for tomorrow!!
Yes!
Thanks so much for sharing!
I don't know I routed pretty hard for the Saints last year in the NFC Championship game....
I been good to just working and performing like crazy.
Momma had trey saturday.
beautifulRD is creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge,
RT : Someone figure out an A/B test for talking with your ex
Anyone ever do a mystery skype?
AMEN!
RT : If 'con' is the opposite of 'pro', then is congress the opposite of progress?
; good luck Joseph, thanks for the great music guys, please say hallo from me to your 'Mark P'....
Go express your first amendment rights somewhere else then.
You don't need to do it in the FiDi area of NYC.
That moment when your brother's wedding is tomorrow and your doctorss has a broken zipper.
I'mScrewed
Can anyone recommend a great freelance graphic designer here in ?
I may need someone for an upcoming project.
Never heard of Miss World till now, I've been missing out !
I like to keep fiction books around too to interest students in reading.
Mostly historical fiction, which they like.
in a relationship.
with food.
:
I am disgusted by all the cars in the adult superstore arcade.
I mean, do we really still have so many Americans without Internet access?
wonder what Das will say publicly now?
I have not gotten a single text all day
RT : Flipclass chat on the hour: What are doing this summer to prep for next fall?
Thanks for the FF shoutout bro!
theme song :D
thanks!
although I don't have anything planned for tonight
Two weeks.
Thought I'd at least pop over to this account and say Hi!
Well I don't have a camera.
So there.
Wack is wack.
Good is good.
If you ain't where you need to be in life go get it.
I might have finally found the right girl.
:
Does it come from a particular org?
Thanks!
I save everything for the last minute..but that's the only way I'll get things done...
I definately agree!
m i guess you were lol
The things I say when I don't know what I'm trying to say or what's it called  LMAO!
tweeting amexbestbuy to save some more bucks
Single isnt a status.
Its a word that describes a person whos strong enough to enjoy life without depending on others.
RT : RT : Follow for the latest on NM Politics.
GrandTheftAutoMemories Changing the station every time you entered a car!
RETWEET if you did that!
LMAO!
Just two days left til SOOR Youth Games presented by Nike.
Is your child signed up?
hey guys!!
In class board ass hell nothing to do!
About to hit it!
Fuck it
It just depends yo...
If I'm feeling the beat we should be good
it was called copper kettle.
Sounded intresting too.
Kissing a girl on her forehead is care, on her cheek is respect, on her lips is love, but kissing her in front of her boyfriend is SWAG!
He is kind of a big deal.
thingsisaidinthe90s A baby gotta do what a baby gotta do
NEXT WEEK.
YES.
LOVED YOUR EMAIL.
LETZ DO THISS.
i'll call tomorrow to make an appointment.
WHAT DAY?!
noted...i promise i wont use that word when i see you in 30 min lol
I need a visit too :
Can't wait to learn how to make smarter food choices at the Saint Mary's grocery store tour this Thurs., July 21.
For info, call 7707100.
Is it bad that my mom tells me I'm highmatienence?
I don't think it's a big deal lol.
A bartender is a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
best monitoring tool is HootSuite
Bongo Injury
When did a hotdog with cream cheese  something become a thing?
we're at madam's organ now!!
Come to us!!
Great post on Black Friday tweets  just published at Hope you do another one next year!
In England at the moment, not that big a change from Ireland this place reminds me of Killarney with alot more choices for pizza lol
Sup sexy, how's it hanging bro
Almost all the trending topics right now are about SNL.
Im 18yrs old we a newborn daughter, fuck all that trash talking an shit.
I need more money then i have right to keep her healthy  happy!
I know!
Thanks!
Not a pug  but sometimes things are just meant to be.
He's an islandborn boy.
Cavalier KC.
it's on 6 times a day in my house lately
Hey there :D
it is very good to wonder, it is a form of questioning.
I rise late everyday.......
Why are people surprised by the public mourning in N Korea?
WhenIWasLittle I use to listen to Coollio
Wishing i was at the PULSE tour!!!
I'm going soon....might have to make a trip...
Wow!!!
That's awesome!
No problem sir, I wish you and would/could call all the Green Bay games.
Did U know is giving away FREE Italian Ice w/ receipt from
is in Stark County to kick off Alternative Response/Differential Response doctorhelps keep families together
looking for local bands to play tomo.
Hit me up if you are interested AsAP
Your welcome and it is the truth.
RT : Woke up singing It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Must be
would you rather go on stage naked or shave your whole head?!
x
Home from school for the holidays!
So much designing to do and new jewelry to add to the website.
Keep checking back for new additions!
A closed mouth never gets fed...
So r u going to strave / r u going to eat?
Are we still singing at the wedding, or has that died?
Buffalo Sabres are 415 in last 19 games and now tied for last in the eastern conference.
Management needs to do something soon
Almost sent message: doctornking green tea with Pomeranian juice.
In Norwalk :
Watching a movie by myself on a Friday night because I'm a cool cat.
RT : Morgan: have little sympathy 4 celebs who sell their weddings  then expect privacy if they get caught having affairs
That only shows what I'VE favored it doesn't show me if someone favored my tweet.
BTW: Hey!
For it.
IL is the only state left in the union that doesn't allow any carry for lawabiding citizens.
Yeah i been there, yeah i done that, soo i knocked the pssy out she runnin back so i knock the pssy out knock it out knock it out ayy!
The USC campus would be an interesting place to be during the zombie apocalypse.
9 Months today .
I miss you Alex .
You were amazing and you still are .
: It really doesn't seam like it's been that long though ..
:
well  not much life at Fenway, is there?
lolololol
LRT Thank God I had academic scholarships...went to school for FREE!!
And God blessed me with a job after graduation.
I forgot there was a weekend.
That's even more depressing than the week.
maybe!!
Idk
Hi John, thanks for the follow...
I'm goin in May!
And Jamaica in June for the comp.
I'm doing okay!
How're you :
wardoctorbe fitting at Celtic Studios...impressive sound stages !
so true.
I am a little nicer in my assessment and say 4 years.
By that time Calipari will be gone.
Thank you for the endorcement, I really appreciate it!
the one time I'm nice to someone..
always comes back to bite me.
k cool
U can text me any time u can retwette
I see that a Union Card is req'd for the UCDI.
Looking forward to seeing you in March.
its a lost art.
Big sale going on  Mattrezzz Guys this weekend!
So stop what you are doing, slap yourself, and come on down for savings!
Mattrezzz Guy
In law school orientation ....
I'm so sleepy
heyy u here
Do u ever say goodnight everyone on twitter and then find yourself checking back in and commenting after your goodnight?
Ha ha ha
He always does!
We are so lucky to be affiliated with him and the rest of 826.
Thanks again :
I agree its about time they bring back real rb!
4 days theyre stopping at my bed first.
So it only doesn't matter because bloggers don't matter.
But if they did, people could die because of them.
Waking up sucks.
i need a red bow tie
Ma momma told me when I waz Yong LOL YEAH RIGHT
I find meditating keeps me present yet outside any stress other auditioners may give off.
This guy!
You're stellar at revisions.
Besides, it's more fun to work with thoughts already in words.
That's half the battle!
hi stranger lol
OnceUponATime whoa what an intense start.
Nice Frenchie folk song on FIP: Emily Loizeau SISTER
Heart cold...blame it on the last one
YouKnowItsRealWhen u get dinner no strings attached....
Why you should use humor in fundoctorising chroni.cl/vPWy02
it's only a matter of time my friend.
Whoa!!
So it's in Cannes already, that's great!
Hope it'll find a distributor for US release!
I hate all the fucking fat asses in Hghs that decided to eat Pan con Croquetas  left me without one :'
yo snap on feathers commercial, who is carishma?
sick
This weather is unacceptable!
Good thing we have hot Avgolemono Soup or Greek Lentil soup to keep you warm!
Where The Wild Things Are  A child's first immersion into understanding margin versus mainstream, self versus other
Spirit shirt, sperrys, pearls, Tiffany bracelet.
Very sorostitutechique today.
Diggin' it.
are you running a nerdbird for the bayarea for sxswi?
interested in some ?
So HIMYM is like LOST but for everyday life in the 21st century.
You guys I haven't really been tweeting lots lately.
Call me depressed or call me busy, but DON'T call me Shirley LOL
New video uploading to YouTube....
30 min remaining.
My two boobs
Got u I'm on my way RT I want 4 Coneys and a Cherry Snapple...
Say what you will, I still put Manny Ramirez's 2011 season right up there with Juan Guzman's 2000 campaign on my list of great Rays seasons.
I love Harry the most.
but i really love all of them, just something about Harry makes me MORE interested in him.
: !
Just got tickets to Disney's Alice in Wonderland Jr.
Apr 1st  The South Broadway Cultural Center
I thinking every playground built for kids they should build one for grown ups right next to it!
I'M FINNA PUT YOU UP THERE LOL
uh yeah.
Its the character reflections/monologues that get me.
If they had brought that coach back I would have to be committed.
HunchLab as soothsayer, perchance?
That makes me feel better : Oh hey!
Getting a wetsuit from a shop in Mission Beach.
You were right about boards there too, thx!
doing the English project that I had a week to do..
tonight
wake up child it's your turn to shine you were born for such a time as this
AYE EVERYBODY FOLLOW MY BESTIE please n thxs :
: : what up Kim?
The Brass Baby!
the 1 publicist in the Nati!
Love me some old episodes of Friends
you didn't make the top ten because Finn and Rachel sucked face.
Only the wisest and the stupidest of men never change.
Confucius
Demi likes Niall.
Niall likes Demi.
Um..
Why are you not together yet?
;
Yay.
Crack of dawn sucks.
I could care less about painter, but addai?
This is awful : our team will never be the same
please follow me, matt?
: i have a question!
Heading north for the weekend...santacon here we come!
It seems the amazing Joey Arias last night led to crazy doctoraming for all involved
Suck it grant writing.
I need a delicious mixed doctornk right about now.
I want to see Ref John Mccarthy in a UFC match fighting
I will get you 200 if you get me 300 deal bestfriend :
all the car dashboard tells me is to go to a dealer for service these days.
You gotta do better than that :
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who gives the best relationship advice but is single
All this stupid shit won't matter in the future
It amazes me that not only are people so afraid of autism that they'll call it an epidemic, but they're OK with causing ACTUAL epidemics.
ok ok ill try!
I'm hanging out with a gazelle right now.

of rings don't equal quality of player.
Ask Barkley and Marino.
damn alright 
Some ppl really dont get wiser with age
I feel bad for Mo.
But why is he Running after fly balls?
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Have you picked out your war paint and headdoctorss yet?
Next year's intertribal powwow in DC should be fun...
I'm petrified..how did this happen
Lol not an official.
But I made some.
thnx for the follow
Not sure Y is at TEDxumn.
seriously.
Perhaps he's here to inspire simpleminded dialogue.
Maybe career interns know all.
I had a doctoram about you...
its not like it'll come true tho :
wtf?
I just got this:
holding my press conference on twitter today.
fire away,
Thx to all who got pix taken yesterday  a HUGE thx to our amazing photographer Tonya Schabacker
Watching punk'd.
For a Scifi experience that you cannot put down, read the In Her Name series by
lol YEP!
Except that IFC/panhel contacted me to do it....couldn't afford me.
that's very smart of you
The one nice thing about my portfolio is that it scales really well across devices.
Yep, u have 3 cuties there.
Bounce!
Thank you sir.
Does any News Media Journalists or Junkies want to chat on here tonight?
Get your tweetself out to Middleburg Heights Library on Tuesday for my class on Yoga for Back Care78 p.m.
29 coming so far.
RT Welcome to the World of Unlimited Travel FUN.
Heavily discounted travel and tours.
so be ready!
Don't be afraid to recommend me some funny videos or interviews of the boys!
I would honestly love to see that.
:
Then i live or die in the pursuit of happiness
Look at your messages here!
;
Happy Mother's Day, YUMs!
yeah but I feel like sometimes words aren't enough to describe how I'm feeling, so its hard.
Excuse me as I get naked and take a shower.
this does not surprise me one bit.
have you looked at the book i recommended?
it has good insight for your show.
Thanks!
Glad u liked it.
Nice to befriend you on here.
It's going to be a long night...
Haha.
A Day Without Music Is Like A Year Without Rain.
Rex isn't really making me a believer yet.
Never been a fan, and this isn't really helping.
:  For those who don't know...FrenchMontana is the man...so now u know doctorta u wavy girl Owe!
we totally agree that racquetball is fun.
how long have you been playing?
follow me you sexy beast
yessir!
i will be hosting my originals and Remixes on my soundcloud from now on...All DJ Mixes will be hosted on Mixcloud!
I respect that.
Its not fair how they doin kobe.
Still think its gonna be good game.
so.
i really like this boy 3
Done.
Check your email.
fair enough!
You having a good weekend?
Thanks for the follow!
You were clear....
Cant wait!
RT : Who is ready for the stage ?
It's going down in 12 days!
where are you going?
its going to be great.
having a watching party for the finale/after the final rose ep.
you should do a road trip..
Just had a doctoram where I was dancing on a Broadway stage with Daniel Radcliffe.
And was in the audience.
I'm only random til I'm not.
I'll see you at the tables.
You are appreciated !
you must not have been following me very long.
I always come through with my pics!
10 minutes into Glee and I'm not sure if I hate it or love it.
Is that an issue for the planners or for the companies?
I think i see going to request overtime pay for these extra innings.
Once you forget what you're worth, you forget what you deserve.
omg amazing
Hm, should I consider smoke signals a mobile channel?
designers are closer to engineers than to marketers.
don't design for marketing purposes, design for functionality
hey there!
Make sure you enter from a computer and not a mobile device.
:
Yoga pants because I'm too lazy for real pants.
To use against me.
Apparently they've been sending awful messages to people through it :
Hey guys!
I'm going to be in a musical called Les Miserables!
Tickets are only 10 and I need to sell 20 by Friday or I can't perform :
Bison Analytics, and other companies are finalists in Business Plan Competition.Final on 4/1 University
It can take thousands of days to find your soul mate but it only takes one to relize it 3
at da library wit my moms for a min n bout to b on my way to da bar to return my application for a waitist.
Bought Lily little white gloves for Easter service.
So cute.
sotellmewhy NBA owners think they deserve 50?
Players should get 75.
Fans don't attend games to see owners.
I hope the players hold out.
falling in love is easy BUT someone tell me how to stay there
Devon Rifkin: New strategy  dual option: importing manufacturing domestically
I regret nothing, except the Ninth Grade...
and that chance to audition for a radio job in college...
and that time in 1994 when...
Thanks for the follow!
I would literally die.
coopted by the state.
sexy..
I feel left out
who the fuck is this?
idoctortherHave patience than success
yeah i think im goin 2 sleep soon
Yay!!
Me too :D
I miss my baby
When I look at the new computer renderings of LHC collisions, I long for the old, beautiful bubble chamber dancing subparticles.
I am so excited to see Mumford  Sons tonight!!!
Yes.......
Its not my fault you got a really annoying dog.
That's Pretty Much It Tho.
Cause maybe
Let's go Spurs we need that 20 lead
paranormal.
activity.
3.
Truee Unless That Happen After ...
Lol Naw Nbs We Fight Point Blank.
A huge  SUMO S/O to thanks gorgeous, I had a great day shooting sumosurfer doc with you:
I'm thinking HIGH FASHION!
;
chargers: Norv and AJ staying put.
Good thing Norv didn't go 142...
He might of lost his job
Who wants to hear a new Rubbish song?
Yes  no, in re: deleting a Klout account.
You never really create an account in the first place.
Delinking works, sorta.
out with the old in with the new
I don't have a blog.
re: my tweet, supposed is a proper, neutral term for something that may prove true...later.
I Wish My Computer Would Get Louder
No viable research was ever provided to support the need of a daytime curfew in Chula Vista.
Yup, paper still abounds.
My 2nd grader recently came home w/a record breaking 60 sheets of paper
CABIN IN THE WOODS: Possibly the most postmodern horror ever made.
Contained clever dialogue, memorable characters and ugly CG.
Check out this movie, God Bless Ozzy Osbourne playing at Cinemark.
When writing a tweet for Twitter: Proofread 1215 times.
When writing an essay for school: Proofread 2 times.
FF to the woman who taught me the meaning of hairporn:
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip.
Gary Allen
I saw...
I would be in real trouble if I weren't a crafty librarian who has access to other sources : But it wont be the same
sry bro wasn't trying to make ne one upset :/
I'm well!
We should do coffee sometime  I'm excited to hear what you're doing for Ithaka!
Even more frustrating  Alex Gonzalez leads off 5th with a single.
Could've been with Ramirez on 2nd.
If you don't already know what youre looking for, of course!
UCFF The Crew:
I agree with you 100 hyun
A favor for a favor.
No freebees around here.
Smh
lol were you coming from, and its not Shum its josh Galbraith lol
Been BBLing myself and now back now you'll probably laugh once I tell you what it is but a McBronian is a McCurdian that's also
i love you Johnny 3 Tweet me back!
PURRtty pwiss!
;
Austin Mahone is single.
RT this while you still can.3
hah nah it should be fixed be the time we head in!
I see that Chris got back to you.
You guys will chat it looks like.
Thank you for the tweet!
what a week!
it's only tuesday....youch
I'm str8 like that
I'm supposed to only tweet when I'm sotally tober, but I figured, Hut the well, so here goes.
In my country, guy with crazy Twitter avatar talks news nonstop.
:
We're outside Aventine right now come get your shirts!
Last minute decision.
Asher Roth at Skyway Theatre w/
Is it friday yet people!?!?!
I haven't seen nor heard from my girl in a millions wks!
Whats up with that?
LOL
Friday and we can meet up  430500 at Blake chill and then the show starts at 7 for 7 be prepared for 10 cause ya'll aint
A BIG thank you to Henry Diehl for supporting Ice Cream Jihad!
Thank you for your generous support, Henry!
Thanks for spreading the word about the Artathon next Saturday!
Taylor Swift is out here on some Thug with that banjo.
In the mood for kickin' Creole?
If you're in the raffle Thurs , 25GC may be your cure!
Thx Matt!
I am queen of procrastinating!!
lol Esp when it makes me anxious!!
Could be worse; could be videotapes.
RT : The only book that breaks into the top ten most checkedout items at our library...
wating for reply ....
When is it cool to spend too much money improving or maintaining your house?
Never
Hey???
What happened to all of our recent images??
They disappeared Teamconfused?
I wish I was roller skating right now.
Or doctorving one high and straight down the fairway.
Good Shot D.Cook
How come its like time goes by fast when you don't wan it to, yet it goes by slowly when you want it to go by fast?
hart is just lazy
Analytics is a broad word.
ColdLightSolutions applies machine intelligence on a large scale.
Only one more session to go!
yes it did!
And delicious!
Thanks again pal!
It's a deal, dude!!
is enriching the regional farm community.
mentioned an integration of Alfresco and Confluence via CMIS.
Info?
just got word from t.j....
He told me he would have gladly sold Monticello for a spot in the palace.
cut shirts are so much more comfortable
you are taking over the Tv world!!!!!!!
Congratulations
i don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it
Austin's going to be so homesick :
Reading research applications like it's my job...
oh wait.
A reminder that the first meeting is January 19th at 6:30...location to be announced!
With the grace of a whirling dervish.
Makes sense.
But I don't have any of those.
:
Can't beat mermaids and sunshine.
Happy Birthday
Hells yes, good times.
So fun I can't even remember the exact topics we were talking about!
works for me; I'll run it by Melanie...
wanna come blaze when I'm outa school?
Parents are out of town
Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened.A.France
thanks for following!
We have the best wines in our program right now!
It's like Christmas all over again!
Zoolander and I are going to a club....
Contemplating that for work tomorrow : I love that Smokey Robinson is wearing leather pants and a silk shirt on dwts
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Vendors, Restaurants  artists participating in fEASTival 2012...
we will be getting you info for the day of the event soon!
Keep a lookout!
Having lunch in Philly.
It's the oldest familyowned Italian restaurant in America.
gnocchi and baked lasagna rock.
Oh, chianti too
DieNasty RT : Music helps reduce anxiety and also helps the human mind and body get through stressful times.
me me me
CabinintheWoods is a brilliant genrebending movie.
and his team just keep collecting the box office victories...
The gym has been packed a lot the last couple of weeks.
Everybody getting ready for summer lol
Lying about your age.
Feel so sick, sleepover though
Go Green Living Expo in S.
Miami on April 23, 2011.
Hosted by Green Tech Energy Solutions.
Space available, call 7869736009
RT : Icon Grill has been open for 11 years in Seattle and Chef Nick Musser has been the chef the entire time!
A bit sad, the kids don't believe in Santa9 y.o.
says: No land at north pole, so no Santa.
If NP had any people, they'd be scientists.
lol you know I LOOVVVEEE being with you ;
I use SonicSEO for my keyword research needs!
I just had a customer pay me and then try to hand the food back...
I was joking cause you wrote Ryan Higgs :
This Lil Boy Out Here Talking Bout Its Hot.
Well Duh Nigga You Got On Them Thick Ass Crew Socks 
i do apologize about that mister lawson.
i'll notify the security manager and the housekeeping manager right away.
lol
Haha, I know that expression!
We should find those two dudes, and have them stage a 'This is Your Life' for you.
With beatings.
Big S/O to my JTP Jacksonville branch!!!
Follow Follow Follow Follow!!!
isn't is something simple like c: format or format c: at the prompt?
guess you'd need dos for that though
Looking for people for me to follow..
Got any Tweet me..
Omg!
Only now I notice that followed me!!!!!!
Yay!!!
inbox me your email addoctorsses.
Everyone comes into your life for a reason; some good, some bad.
They shape, form and break us.
But in the end they make us who we are.
u got it well on ur way man dont rush smell the roses enjoy being a graduate dont rush so much lol
Mitt uses entities repeatedly.
Ah, the common touch.
And, five minutes later my upstairs neighbors are havin sex.
Loudly.
Guess they gave up on fixing the tv/internet!
..new kids on the block had a bunch of hits; chinese food makes me sick ;
Im following u; lol
theawkwardmoment when a kid whos an atheist in ur class sneezes and u dont know wht to say back.......
I have to admit I admire Mitt Romney's ability to pick and choose his principles.
Consistency is for liberals, pinkos and college professorssors
Loiter Squad is just adult swim's version of jackass...
But its still funny
it would've been on World Star though lol
I'm still a BIG fan of LPPPR but I had to respond.
It is going to be a heated 2012 race I think.
Stakes are higher than Vegas.
Cancel my plans for tonight.
Soulja Boy: The movie is on netflix.
Open house 2645 Pleasant Ave this weekend.
For hours and virtual tour visit www.erikbrownhomes.com and click on Property search for details
Final Destinationathon on FX...
screenwriting research??
Nialler...
how much alcohol have you had today?
Just got into Tennessee.
It's dark here.
will it be the fish, chicken or egg avocado mayo sandwich?
Airplane!
It is a rainy day, it is a lovely day.
RIP Whitney, you will be missed.
Super late start to the morning ....but I'm getting there!
Not THAT upset about Have no problem shopping elsewhere.
Turns out, Sams Club is cheaper anyway.
Happy Thursday Friday!
waiting on to get home so we can celebrate her 21st!
Gold and teal!
New fav color combination!
that explains alot
Just left from seeing the movie Immortals.
yes it does!
its SO HOT
Hi, Jen!
RT : Hello everyone!
I'm Jennifer Niesslein, one of the editors of
in cincy?
If so, Clifton music festival tonight?
Same question for
New morning, new week of amwriting.
This week in West Texas: desert caravans, my dad's birth, purchase of a '52 Pontiac and the Argus C3.
Has to be my lawful devotion to Avenged Sevenfold
RT It's kind of fun to do the 'impossible'.Walt Disney
When I get up an get myself str8 we gone see if niggas got sumthin to say...
I think it's will be us and maybe ?
And I'm making cupcakes : Make it a meetup?
We need to take it 1 game at a time.
I hate The Devils but they are a real good team can't over look them
Alex had a gf.
I'm sorry 4 the 50th time haha
Wow, P has Gingrich now polling ahead of Romney in SC.
could do with a nice kfc :
Seeing what you eat and doctornk will help you examine your eating patterns and food habits.
Agree...it starts with the coach though.
D'Antoni needs to go, he's awful
dalailama w/o trust, how can we have friendship?
Wo friendship how can we hve Cooperation?
Wo cooperation how can we take care of world?
I guess it goes without saying why my team is in jeopardy
yeah of course3
Apparently all Foxy Brown needed to lay down her rhyme on Ain't No...
was a Sprite and a pizza pie.
At 15.
thanks for the responses to my questions folks!
Thurs Rat Pack launch!
Live music, our new sign cocktail, cigars!
RSVP !
Invite only, limited space, filling up fast!
RT : Blow up your online collection?
RT : Koven with the grenade !
Making a list of future personal and business webinars I will be doing a couple times a month.
tell her I said happy birthday!
Gill back for Preds.
Great for OK
They miss u  at least nothing poisonous here :
Thx  I've had a great day so far  been pampered by my daughter which is always fun :
I see TO is stating he is broke and friendless.
Hey TO walk to your local library and google Karma
and thank you for the resume work you did!
A many talented woman YOU are!
we'reAwesome
it's cold here!!
Pack lots of warm clothes!!!
Guess what stupid 'w' people some think its a SIN and Disgusting to eat SWINE and COWS also!
Baltimore, seriously get over yourself.
Did you not see Ray Rice throw a TD to EdDi?
Could you have thought of that?
my mom and I are talking about selling my body to get money for NY.
Let's trend
Sounds like a nice early start to your day :
GoodMorning!
Ugh I don't wanna go to school.
To much doctorma!
:/
Osama's dead.
Gonna go fill up my motherfucking gas tank now.
OMG.
mom: do you have a boyfriend?
me: no I have 5.
So I can't wait for tonight !:
Watching mean girls 2.
So terrible, no wonder it was never popular
Actually getting to record some tonight.
FINALLY!
totally worth it!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
crazy thing is, it did not show up in my google alerts
your number 1 on keek again :
My cable guy is sexy
why am I not there with you?!
New Website: www.googlebump.com
Haha!!
That was hilarious.
3 times i lost you guys, but i always found you!!
:
I Scare Myself
awww, your pretty n/h I don't want any of me on here!
Most Muppets are left handed because the puppeteers use their right hand to control the mouth.
Shes so much more than Karla Vann.
Shes got a lot in her gotta get it out.
What i gotta do to make you listen?
:
: no problem, you should follow back!
: I am hun lol leggo
hit me when it does
: Jason Terry: Defensively, we werent there.
We werent aggressive and thats not how we play.
Tommy Rees pride of lake forest hahahaha.
Arrested on felony charges and only got a scholarship because of his dad
I'm doing that to are you doing the rooms?
Roses are red, violets are blue, if Rebecca Black wins ANY awards, Kanye West you know what to do..
Hello babies!
How y'all doin?
RT : Creative peeps!
Follow PdPlus hashtag to learn about how to fund your projects.
Talk with courtesy of !
The superbowl was so boring a top headline was Flavor Flav and Tom Coughlin hug after game...
mother of god
those don't look like cookies!
City Council votes on pdxplan today.
2:30 time certain.
Honoring our past.
Building on our strengths.
Planning for our future.
what a comeback huh???
NFL doctorft Rumors: Minnesota Vikings Would Be Crazy to Pass on Matt Kalil
OK, I'm switching back if there's any shrinkage.
Unbelievable, Shannon and Cowher both like the Ravens in this game..
hey!
I love ur icon
Mom doesn't trust me doctorving in rush hour in PA suburbs even tho I spent 3 months last summer doctorving in LA traffic w/little doctorving exp...?
aww!
Thanks!
Cheers!
: congrats!
So glad all is going great your way!
Not surprising either!
I'll add that!
thank you.
You're welcome!
Hahaha thanks!
I've had people say that to me before
Love that is playing spoiler/fake tweeting TED2012.
How has no one done this before and does he take requests?
I was very happy to see The Artist win 5 Oscar's.
As an SLP, I think the movie showed how much can be communicated without words.
Very well.
Choose wisely.
Congratulations!!!
you look amazing Alicia :
Didn't realize you're married to Will Smith : RT : I just asked my husband if it was ok if I told you guys his name is Willard.
what are we trending today?
:
Keep it up Tincaps !
don't tell him I told u
My math class is filled with rats, and fake hick's
Mike cld outrun any db we had on the roster  his tackling attitude on the field was wellknown.
Bobby Boyd AllPro CB Colts fmisterAssis Coach
The past 2 weeks have been strange...
interesting.
Not sure what it all means yet, but a few things are becoming clear...
So it appears there's a planning fail between wordcamp Seattle  mobile ux camp.
They're on the same day, May 19.
Now I have to choose :/
Freeze frame!
lift heavier weights and do short but very intense cardio.
Cool?
Thanks for the questions, I am happy to share knowledge!
Choir concert on thursday!
Eek !
Motto of the day  Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness
ObamaInHistory Obama wrote the 95 theses that Martin Luther is famous for.
Would've been 100, but that took too long.
I wonder if the Elvis impersonator at the Farmer's Mkt really thinks he's good or if he's doing it ironically.
Is the delusion better?
Bless u Tami praying your that the peace of God is your portion  a safe flight!
Life is bigger It's bigger than you and you are not me
hahahahah creepy?
Sorry im not good :p
Twitter would have been perfect for Mitch Hedberg
Seems to keep you in business!!
RT : You are such a nerd.
Call me tomorrow at some point.
Want to hear all about the trip.
Safe travels!
Not my fault.
my bday is coming up!
I might just have to order a pair of these.
I have heard nothing but good.
OUTspoken Radio Special Report: LIVE Monday with Shirley Phelps of the Westboro Baptist Church only on LATalkRadio.com!!
Channel 2!!
SO excited to try today in Dallas on Oak Lawn
God has blessed/is blessing/will bless you, not because of who you are, but because that's just how GREAT He is!!
did you not ask Siri?
Lol
Stay warm, buy a tee!
you're so mean!
Lolol
I'm almost ashamed to be a female because of the negative connotation that comes with it.
Y'all are grimy!
I love it when a plan comes together.
since Whitney died I've been thinking all Janet
Debut AlbumSo Sin Cere now availble on itunes,shockhound,amazonmp3,nokia,myspace music,etc released by Island Def Jam Distribution
and that they are!
Happy Turkey Day everyone!
May you all gorge yourselves in the biggest of meals.
for lunch is like a short little trip to Tenants Harbor on a breezy Down East day!
hey guys thanks for following : have you guys checked out ?
you definitely should!
have a great afternoon xoxo
The contrast between the teams' attitude to preparation was summedup during the rain delay.
While the England squad went through a len ...
The person who sends out positive thoughts activates the world around him positively and doctorws back to himself positive results.
NV Peale.
What Time It Start Again ?
Twelve more hours til school and idk if i wanna go..
Hi Kelsey.
Enjoy the week visiting with your family.
Catch you next weekend
Killed it
You know it!
DEVINE REBEL  BrewDog and Mikkeller team up.
At City Beer.
When a man is focused on the physical assets of a women the miss all the heavenly beauty in the purpose of her creation!!
a Goose?
Goodness ...
Is your phone fixed at least?
i know you didn't build the panama canal
Haha!
: Got called out last night hanging w/ Dodgeball teams at , You're here a lot, aren't u?
Done w/teaching CWRU FPB nursing students.
Hanging out on the East Side, waiting for a show at the Grog Shop to start.
Glacial23 is playing.
s/o he won the 1st deucebrand watch giveaway tonight...thanks to everyone that participated...
tell us when you get the answer to the OT rules, ok?
we wanna know too
The days are too long, and the evenings/nights are too short....
I'll do my best, madam.
You freaking TWIT!!!
i retract my previous statment Josh i know exactly what your talkming about.
HE WASNT SINGING i gotchu JOSH
yeah me too.
but i'm rooting for the consciousness or paradigm shift or a moral evolution or something.
Could be UTI.
Or some other illness.
Get Harley to a vet.
Tired of bein pi poor  not bein able 2 find work!all I want is a damn job 2 support my kids,have a feelin all my shit gona get trnd off
Sixers likely to open season on road As guard Evan Turner pointed out, it's kind of a bummer the Sixers will open the season with a str
Probably my one and only reader.
I plan to actually WRITE on there eventually.
For now, it is where I post everything.
It was really nice meeting you tonight!
you're such a sweetheart!
:
In spite of the flu, this Christmas has been gr8!
So much to look forward to in 2012.
Especially in Jan....
87 reasons to love Jan.
Its cold outside n i wearing a tank top n some shorts wth sandals
i helpe my bor in law move!!
fun fun:/
Game time !!
NFL baby!
Wings , beers, chips, and me!!!
Lol
So the tupachologram guy wants to bring back elvispresley to sing with
i just watched the lem episode...
holy crap man
Never frown upon the challenges or difficulties you've faced in life as these experiences have made your life's story unique  worth telling
Playing the Chinese Poker ap against the computer
I'm not a Kentucky fan but I'm kinda pumped to watch this game.
Should be a damn good game.
Not off the top of my head.
But I've been awake for awhile and I haven't seen the show since it was first on Netflix.
Students are seeking to be problem solving.
What they need is the infrastructure to do this.
Maureen Curley
I love that tour I grew up close to Chicago, but we always took exchange students it!
I'm surprised that
that aint me, lmao awesome!
My first fake account, lmao
that's impossible..
lol
My son's only C was in Computer Science.
HOW did that happen?!?
Crisp, High Energy Practice 6 this morning.
Impressive coming off of a few days rest.
Hard working TEAM.
Baby shampoo will not make you cry.
And neither will a good stereographer.
Therefore all stereographers have small hands.
Hi I'm Justin Bieber.
My lips are the gun.
My smile is the trigger.
My kisses are the bullets.
Label me a killer.
;
what is that???
One year later and coworker still does not know how to pull up our website.
It won't come up.
You have it up.
Click on the home icon 
I'm pretending to be mad at I hope she doesn't find out.
A big fat NO to this new pit record.
i am with you on lost  I reached the point where it was too far gone to start.
Will have to netflix at some point.
Constantly amazed while working on 17thc English Caribbean what major topics I can't find any scholarship on.
Caribbean was a real place.
I'm pretty sure that if I were to just read out loud every sign I encountered, it would be a step up from my current conversational ability.
Don't text while you doctorve
This is how we do it
glad you're alive and enjoying postsurgery life :
My people so funny
take a stand records
no problem!
well glad we've finally talked to each other since his ass aint never introduced us.
Have you check out my new photo portfolio?
Why not!
www.edoctorperphoto.com
A musical based on the shenanigans at the unemployment office should be produced.vit would be a Broadway comedy hit.
Working on music  got the AC on...
how bout that?
For anyone who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot love God, whom he has not seen.
What a great weekend it was, thanks to all of our guests that stopped in, and celebrated the weekend with us!
Great Job by our staff as well
A ton of concert tixs this morning !
Will do!
Ha ha.
good Meg!
I am really happy for u!
Take it all the way girl!!
Well, I just called ya house!
You can call me cause I'm DONE talking about this on TWITTER!!
Currently breaking every rule of fashion right now...kill me
Patience red sox
PeopleILoveTheMost Gay men
Budget Bicycle Center is a full service Bicycle shop in the heart of Madison.
50 Off rental only through www.dealoria.com
Jobs Council recommendations gaining ground, restoring competititveness and creating jobs.Latest winners:entrepeneurs!
I hate the truth so much, I prefer a giant dose of bullshit any day over the truth.
you're decisive.
Many people aren't  they don't know what they want.
: I waved goodbye to my faith in humanity a long time ago.
good luck in the city
I am so excited for this freaking TRACK erryday I get more and more excited!!!!!
Fabulous!
Happy to be busy!
Sleep is for the weak!
MarryTheNight Phone date soon?
RT : I'm good man!
U?!
Reggie is on stage, the world is right again!
oh man,if only.
I don't even have your number!
nwpam11 we must understand our past in order to create new paths to move us into the future.
Congratulations to the Joker  Character of the Year.
This victory belongs to you.
You are his voice  soul.
I've been told I should tweet once a day for publicity reasons.
Something interesting, professorund and of value.
Hamburger is on sale at Winco.
man I am excited to be in town hah
Giro It'll be interesting to see if they go thru Bevagna or just around it.
Thru might be dangerous.
East side all the way
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Maureen Dowd
love the beads but how did u get them?
Xo
They stare at me, while I stare at you.
But You Already Know That!
WWE : giggles
Uprising, press conference at 2pm in the Showroom, fight on Mar.
31.
We are teaming up with Team Tapia!
hah ok...I'm walking to your house....im almost there.
Chef at Four Seasons hotel.
Blew off my interview.
Staging at Purple Pig instead.
Fuck working in a hotel...
Yeah, but I mean..
I think it's starting to hit him..
/3
: Girls that like the out doors and like to take walks3 MyType same but with guys NOT girls : lol
No doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human society, are created
Fortunately it was a short cold this time.
Just a cough left over at this point.
Laser tagging !
haha you love it
doctorol but where's the rest?
Such a big plate!
Fill'er up!
lol
can You Please Follow me On Twiiter.
I'll Love You Forever
According to astronomy, when you wish upon a star you're actually a few million years too late.
That star is dead.
Just like you doctorams :
FRIDAY: Get ready to party bachelorettes  bday girls, DJs at will never turn down your requests, 9:30PM...
oh well that's cool :
Thanks a lot John, never even head of it 'till now.
Working with the team to market planned giving opportunities...
Hahahaha omfg..
My mind is a very lovely place..
Haha our conversation about shirtless hot kids playing basketball in the pool??
i cant believe spring break is over please take me back
Take your time to know the person deep within .
Cant Wait To Hear Songs!
i couldnt wait so i bought a single ticket on Friday!
They are selling fast.
I couldnt get more than 1 in the section!
Well what do you know?
I appear to have, once again, found myself in the presence of batshit insanity!
Isn't THAT novel?
I suppose not...
same!
She's gonna be the cutest thing ever!

Uh, I had one yesterday ...
and it's a daily thing.
EAGLES!
See you tonight at Shelleen's Charcoal House and Saloon for fun, prizes and football!
Just set two alarms for 3:00 a.m.
Off to
P.S.
don't mind the mess in our lobby  good changes coming!
Watch for our Tweets to see what is going on with us!
Yea I'm pretty sure I passed thy Geomatry test and the class...
yes sit
Bears and pizza and rock and roll
UM HELLO WHY ISN'T IT THUNDERING OUT
Another saturday meet tomorrow.
SEE WHAT I MEAN ABOUT ?
she's worth a follow.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
Agree but unfortunately that is the world we live in now.
LOVE IT!
Wait wait wait whoa whoa whoa ...
people are mad that Steve Kean talked shit about Sam Allardyce?
Everyone talks shit about Sam Allardyce.
What the snow????
It's a comfy cozy day for a latte and cupcake!!
M
can't wait to see ya'll 2night;
Disney Fantasy Cabin 6014  Handicapped Accessible Category 08A  grab bars for showers
Your source for Unfinished solid Brazilian Hardwood Floors.
Will do!
Lol one of my fav tweets!!!RT : If I was to have a sextape or even pics leak I'd promote it like a album lmaoooooo
Haha I figured the quote in the train would get a rise out of you!
RT !
RT : Im gonna have my kids listening to Tupac, prolly the only artist i will give them from my lifetime lol
Appreciate them either way.
That's what makes em family anyways
I think my 3 year old niece has more common sense than some of the people at Alpharetta
listen ladies, i've said this once and ill say it again, RESPECT YOUR BODY....I SHOULDNT HAVE TO EXPLAIN LIL BEEZEE
Just Tried the new Ilike Yogurt power peel, raw, organic and seriously effective.
What's your favorite skincare recipe?
Last day in Philly.
Can't wait to visit again!
Now crossing my fingers for 2 good presentations and an on time flight to PDX
Why cant I sleep?
This is ridiculous
Absolutely awesome, kickass news!
So SO happy for you and your family.
It really put some things into perspective for me today.
All I want this week is my new kitten
im not giving in dis time ima just let things hpn naturally
Liz Brown and I have been trying to keep up with ARC/ERA/ERIH.
Bonnie Wheeler of Arthuriana and CELJ is an involved MUSE editor
always...we gotta get on the course  hash out more details : Shoutout to always a pleasure to talk business
Thanks, Ms.
Lisa!
is the SexiestManAlive :
I wanna make a SNAKE PARTY 2, but when i have so much money for it.
A friend is throwing us a reception to support our work you're invited!.
RSVP 4102790711, .
Wed, 6  8 PM, Reisterstown.
i love that album, did his thing.
we have a free appetizer waiting on loyal tree for dessert
Sometimes the best way to love someone, is from afar.
Love.
Be wise.
Some people love the Superbowl.
Me?
I love TheMasters.
It is by far my favorite sporting event to watch.
Par 3 contest today.
What?
Kilo Kai?
I got your Kilo Kai Right Here U Crazy Fucker!!!
If home is where you are, then home is way too far away.
careful with those generalizations.
My objects are processes!
:
We will try to do a hunt every 3 days.
why is your defult picture of a cartoon?
my family would have graduation party's in the front yard yeah i'm mexican :p
Scotland, cool!
They're great, aren't they?
I prefer them to most of their comparables, for reasons I can't pinpoint
thats understandable lol..!!
we wanna hit up a Blazer game sometime...
Without the Pens to cheer for...
I would love to see the Kings hoist The Cup.
change ur name
for his good combos I believe he does, at least his main one that does a ton.
WHERE ARE YOU FROM?
There's a blessing in the storm.
Old School :
Thank you!!
Why can't anyone see me when I'm present
This digital voice recorder is the best thing i've found since packing.
So many memories on this thang, along w some music i've recorded wow
when ur only lighter isn't working
Woahh is actually online??
Welcome back classy grom!!
What a good family supper that was!!
Not!
I fucking hate my life!!!!!!!!
Once I get my own place you're welcome to visit any time!
nah I haven't seen it.
what did it say?
faster than my landline.
upload is  download speed interesting
don't worry you're here, been watching videos on YouTube of ya lol.
Love the transformers and janelle Monae inspired video
awesome, how old is he?
celtics needa get this game together we needa win!!!
Ohio ThirdGrader Weighing 200 Pounds Placed in Foster Care  Fox News
just gonna sit back, relax with a tall glass of lemonade, and write this graduation speech.
Wait why America the beautiful?
its all good.
Thank you for supporting us!
Nas is real
Teaching Me ...
is brutally honest about the sch sys/ unions that needs repair, w/a loving testimony on what makes a tchr
Ha  RT : Online for the 1st time today.
Has anybody predicted where Huntsman's 3 supporters will gravitate now that he's out?
actorsloungelive buy cds for five bucks
how could i erase that from my memory!?
not even if i tried yuck!
ahh I know I don't tweet that much either
The future, according to some scientists, will be exactly like the past, only far more expensive.
Always do your best.
What you plant now, you will harvest later.
with pleasure.
I look forward to meeting you in person soon
Maybe eating a package of oreos will make me feel better?
Just found out I get a cash award for my presentation.
I probably shouldn't tell them I'm honored enough just to present, huh?
Hi  not quite.
But communicating in 140 chars can be tedious if you have a longer msg : Take care.
Mike
A hug is a great gift...
one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange.
I have one week to make my mom a mothers day cd
Watching Kansas vs.
North Carolina with Viggle Sun  15:30  CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
really i didn't see it on my phone, i'll call you tonight
We are hiring if interested please email us on
After much deliberation, the spaces have been marked up for diytrunkshow and we're ready for the morning.
See you at 10am for shopping!

some questions you're just dying to ask but there's no way it doesn't come out rude.
Thanks for the mention!
Hi friend!
watch on my website littleliarsorg,latest Pretty Little Liars seasons2 Episodes online,free access!100
It's a Frankie Lee and Judas Priest sort of day
hey I'm one of den girls!
Don't judge me!!:
yes yes!!
I know right!
Ugh...hate going to the gym late too but it took me all evening to get motivated.
jc western has ariat riding boots on sale
I thought he might have made me smile, but yeah you just made my day crap!
lml do you even know what lml means?
If you lost everything, this minute...
Could you seek violence against otherwise peaceful people for your support?
On to La Fin du Monde...awesome beer!
Hope mine is even half as good!
that's silly talk.
Everyone knows marketing costs alone should be 10x revenues...
: super cute!
Thank you.
Hope to all connect again soon!
Over pooh house chillinq with the family kelsey pretty :
Meyer must have been deep into the Crayola box at this point  she couldn't even figure out the color she liked to write in
: hey,how can I submit music for your station?!
We only spin artists who either from or rep tha DFW.
Zed's Dead Baby
I was looking at your Darvish tweet for awhile, but then I realized you posted it on April Fool's Day.
Twitter gives you the option to follow who you want.
You can streamline your interests  you don't have to follow back everyone.
cc'
Watched the 1st movie trailer of a college course.
PPO Stands for Preferred Provider Organization.
We offer many really great PPO plans designed to support business owners in New Mexico!
Nashville trench lawyer update.
Aggravated assault charge retired in Murfreesboro, Tn.
At Dynamite listening to play the mess out of these funk  soul breaks.
I missed 's set though, my bad plurrr.
Hate being sick and having to go to school.
Eli Lilly Sales Recruiter Mark Short will be answering ANY of your career or expo related questions TODAY at 330pm.
Ask Q's!
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.
123
Student films have the most amazing breakdowns: actress must be able to convey thoughts and emotions with her eyes and facial expressions
that you look like Adam Sandler 
SHOUTOUT to all my new fans from The Small Business Room!
Welcome!
If you leave your info below, I will make sure to return the love!
:
The sun shines brighter today.
no one would know what a child of theirs would look like
It's not a final.
It's a project you guys have had weeks to work on, right?
The guy in line next to me at the DMV looks and sounds exactly like Stanley from the office..
Just made my DMV experience 1 better
OMG i just finishedd it.
No spoilers.
Holy F.
Willem i worship her now, she is soo funny.
I can't wait to see my babies!
:
Thinks I want to go to school at ucsb...
there's thousands of people partying in the streets!
Thanks for following .also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Great to hear !
RT : Posted general announcement to ANGEL about Blackboard migration.
Looks nice, if I may say so.

Our pleasure Ken.
You guys gave us a lot of good footage to work with, and your students had great things to say.
thanks for sharing.
So sad.
Fire alarm goes off in middle of keynote addoctorss at blackhat.
Awesome.
: How did you like it?
Its 9:55am and I'm bumpin' the hell out of my sound system!
The subwoofer is kicking right now 
Oh, I can't stand their commercials.
The mannequins freak me out!
I NO IM SAD THT NOTHIN WILL EVA BE THE SAME NO MEAN TO H8 BUT I LOVED IT BEFO WHEN IT USED TO JUST BE THE ORIGINAL ICONiacz :
good luck on your chem exam today, and have a safe trip home!
Pit bull's new song is bumpin' !
club on weekends and concerts during the week.
Come down!!
: I never don't work.
story of my life
hey!
It was in the 60's today in Chicago.
Come on back now.
Happy Friday!
We hope you enjoy the episode we picked for our last day of reruns.
We're back LIVE on Monday.
Have a great weekend!
Women's college basketball is painful to watch
Thank you for your reply.
Give me a call when you get off work
ISIN'T MY PICTURE EPIC ??
RT What can you do to make your voice heard about the power of edtech?
Visit the Advocacy Lounge to find out!
First ADDYs of the night go to , ,
So tired of stupid questions like why are you having a bris you're not jewish
Perez Hilton to Appear on Raw SuperShow
Humber's perfect game is No.
21 in history.
There have been 4 HRs in a game 15 times, 13 natural cycles  11 MLB Triple Crown campaigns.
your mom jk your mom's the bomb
Austin has a gshock watch
help i'm a linguist in a communications seminar and i can't get out
here we go, more
Spending a week or two wit my baby this summer 
Spring break is almost here!
Are you excited?
Come by for an appointment so you can look and feel great for your vacation!
The eagle is en route
first eccentric artist
thanks doctorw ;
Why do pear blossoms smell like butt?
So annoying!
going to bed night
How long will you be in Austin?
U bringing Roxy?
Got some real good cinco de mayo plans in store for tonight...
Happy birthday to me!
:
Apt robbed, thanks to the fucking desperate losers that took my laptop with my work....UGH!!!
Get a life and stop taking from honest people
Its still raining?
It's insane how pale I am in the sun
Thrifty Thurs 3 SMALL PLATE SPECIALS 14 on menu...
2 off all craft cocktails Smitty39;s in bar
that's very nice of you to say, thank you!
:
met blue october and chromeo today.
super awesome.
fireworks downtown; watching from penthouse.
RT Lets come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
Nothing more gangsta than what this nation has been doing to other countries  people for 500 years.
: Aquarius is not the type to feel sorry or regretful, especially with Love
Another busy week !
Two events and three consults!
January is flying by!
Wolf gang runs the fucking block.
Goodnight :' jamming till I k.o
Who's in charge with keeping count on how many Tebow vs Goliath references will be mentioned this week...
I vote for Colin
oetc12 5 minute video synopsis of presentation proposals required for
!
RT : RT : Yes try Spur w/ their ode to the poor man's truffle RT Dinner in Seattle?
RT : I was  yrs old, when I opened a savings account.
8.
Cool taking book for a deposit of 2 or 3!!
Still have it.
lets assume she meant quick nap?
lol
Need help claiming venue 364738 or recovering log in information.
Please help!
Thanks for all your hard work to make cycling safe!
Whom should I contact about DOT working with CUNY to distribute helmets  more?
For once I actually agree with JC on ABDC7 for Electrolytes performance.
It's FAKE thats not even her real account:
good: Joe Flacco, bad: Eagles oline, ugly: Dolphins
Is not proof that the Republicans main interest is corporate greed?
Stay tuned for our new website, twitter  facebook backgrounds and new astounding version of doctoramFace.
meet ...
you two should connect ....
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
CTG in Kentucky for National Arts Marketing Conferencetoo bad Patricia, CTG Edu Staffer, forgot Lil' Will at home!
Any Louisville advice?
If you brag about who you've fucked, you're lame.
Atleast I tried.
Can you say the same?
Sorry, I will never like Adam Levine.
He is so rude and disrespectful.
Guy P.
also has a recipe in there,  a buddy made it for my birthday last year.
It was so tasty, I destroyed it.
Tgey have no class...every time I see the TV movies like the Temptations, they at least portrayed themselves as a xlass act on stage
Too excited for SMCHou tonight!
Come by and join in!
Not your fault.
Salon only has one nail tech so they were illprepared to offer a groupon.
But yeah training is big time cool.
But kinda lagging it on WORK.
Which is Bad.
Really bad.
I am a libra but never can Fkn balance shit!
I remember when we always talked on JakesShawty and you were trying to get to 2k :, Your tweets are amazing btwwww!
yeah you should
At the pizza pit, FIU has 1 fan here
Actually my bellybutton was going from an innie to an outie .
My doctor said it was an Umbilical Hernia, fixable only by surgery.
I'm goin where them big booty women b lol
dogoodsummit PM session: be sure to catch up with from at the Smart Growth session room 250
He did say WORLD CHAMPS!!!
is pretty morbid Funny too.
I want some hot chocolate
thanks for the yelp review...
glad you enjoyed the food ;
The special effects are terrible in the movie 2012.
Its me world Lady Love
I thought the Rangers were in the AL West.
come on people!
follow me!
and i will always follow you!..
School needs to finish already
RPW's Ben Sparks explains email naming Barrett as winner of Dem primary sent before polls close: GOP not going to waste any time
the growth the have shown over the past 5 games is why we LOVE this team.
Sometimes I get so busy, I forget to review my to do list.
This, I will let you all know, is a mistake.
haven't touched my Omegashirt since...
you know.
We reppin' in Europe?!
This is like Space Ska, says Ms.
Yellow Magic
Can't think of many worse series than this...
2 shutouts to padoctors, including Suppan.
Gamel out for yr and now Braun maybe hurt?
lls how was your day???
Now that makes perfect sense.
It's a tough balance because quite often 'race' on tv gets preachy and obvious.
awe : well I do try my best :p
: Walkin into graduation doe : Happy graduation!
Asking Alexandoctora, Trivium, Motionless In White, I See Stars, Amity Affliction tour true?
do you get to choose where he punches you?
Note to self : Never become the Blitz
no problem: How you doinn?
that's the worst copyedited story i've ever seen
is awesome to work out to
I did a theatrical performance about puns.
It was a play on words.
pray for me Kuya Ricky.
I'm really praying for it.
You're covering Payphone...
Hm i wonder who suggested that ; Can't wait!
ConfessionTime i save alot of money by switching to geico
growing out my nails isnt easy.
Oh Kristen...I will give you a trophy for that the next time I see you!!
Did anyone just see the Kumho Tire ad on the ESPN?
I'm scratching my head a bit...
As of 9 am most buses are back on schedule As the snow continues remember to doctorss appropriately for conditions Thank you for your patience
RT : MAGICMONDAY.
Huge night of surprises.
10pm, Tammany Hall.
So will you be serving pig's blood bloody marys to the general public tonight?
Going out for a night on the town in Chicago!
That's fine i'll be folding denim :
Let's get your Christmas shopping out of the way early!
Waterproof Nano  Bam!
you''re finished.
Use the code earlyxmas and save 15
I couldn't' find any..
....thinking about a card game today what you got planned....
love the Apps Galore salon
Thanks.
Eventually going to textmine the whole thing, but wanted a quickie with Wordle, just to see.
Going to try some more later on
HTC One S review
I can't lie...
just went 2 live taping of TheVoice it was AMAZING!
Have serious respect 4  what authentic artists
LOL .
Later that night.
He made it up..
He's not rude anymore well for now he aint :O
water in my phone....fantastic.
y must it always, ALWAYS rain in Chancellorsville?
There's just not enough time in a day it seems like.
o fail!
I forgot about DS9 and unfortunately it looks like that's the only one they left out!
Wtf?
Many many years of experience has lead to his level of expertise, just keep doctornking and someday you might be as good.
haha.
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak today at a panel discussion at 6:30 pm in the SD Main Library 820 E Street !
WOW i live there and now im in california and my friend is going...
wish i was there :
I want to create visual map of my job skills/experience for use in a blog/personal website.
Any suggestions for online tools?
Proud to have Dean and Susie Spanos on the April cover of Giving Back Magazine!
Chi town, what up?
S/o D.Wade tho that nigga say fuck you and attacked Collison punk ass
Is it insomnia?
Am I tripping about my LAUSD pink slip?
Or can I not shake the thought of those nasty pedispin commercials!
Eeeew!
Bmore runner runs 50 MILE Labor of Love this Sat in Nevada to raise  for 
Now skrillex im not mad at you for having an overall not very good new album.
I'm just disappointed.
At terminal Logan Airport....
So peaceful and calm, everything hassle free, at my gate within 20 mins.
Amazing!!!
I totally agree!!
...that's how I do everything!
...can actually change the minds of those who were on the fence.
Certainly historical.
In my view wonderful.
what do YOU think?
I Wanna Party and Dance and get high off of the ectacsy that's come with it .
now that's a good game lol
almost time to clock out  tip 1 back.
wine, beer, or liquor???

get weird creep
everybody gettin doctorads i swear
Knock, Knock.
Who's there?
The guy that wants to sell you a fucking door bell.
: I love making movies.
A lot of fun stunts on set today.
Time for me to get some rest!
It's a wrap...
Cheifs are lookin legit...
Tell doctorw to keep the faith haha
Gross LJ rules in Oceanconnect UK Ltd.
v.
Angara Maritime Ltd.
case concerning issues of private international law: EWCA Civ 1050.
I want Pussycat Dolls outfit!!
So hot!
Howdy back!
RT Howdy to you all from Harford County.
Enjoy the SLRC Tour.
Ask Questions.
Meet People from other libraries!
Christ?
What did I win?
July 31st!
Just what the parrotheads have been waiting for.
Retweet if we will see your smiling faces at KMC!
Two of my FAVE bevs of all time  cheers!
event, thanks for spreading the news
I fail to understand Jake's Bachelorbased decisions.
I pray he is not so indecisive as an airplane doctorver.

i have no interest in playing, I just want to know how to play.
So basically you just want to waste my time.
: doing a melody of at !
Video soon!
get ready!!
Nothing but lie after lie..
night world
TWiP podcast recording starts in 15 minutes :
Now following back :
That's awesome!
Thanks for sharing!
zombie thing was meh.
I have to agree with the current caller.
LA would be a great trade piece for a true finisher
Dear your back massages are the reason I can come to work.
You're the best
: Best practices for optin : don't buy lists, use active and double optin, be transparent.
Tanqueray  tonic yeah...
June.
Will you be to travel / show me the city?
hunger games until I fall asleep
RT : Stay hungry.
Stay foolish  steve jobs.
RIP to the man who formed our generation.
Prayers to the Jobs family.
Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will all be judged by only one thing  the result.Vince Lombardi

Last Q: What's Ariana's complete name?
I'm beginning to wish for technology to become sentient selfaware beings so I can strangle the life out of my printer.
thanks for the support dude!
we'll see you this weekend
wax everywhere?!
What the hell happened?
I remember being offered a Grammy?
May come in for a diet coke on my non way to work...
if I had your number, in would text you al the time.
Hint hint: haha
UPDATE: 5P Our new partnership to preserve Armeniangenocide testimony on Los Angeles News
The reason dealers charge outrageous deale fees is simple.
Some people pay them!
so about the same time.
I wonder how or if they accounted for it.
I don't care what anybody says, I like Billy.
He Is the Oscars to me.
Men in Black I International Poster
I hate being sick!
:
Ocean Clinic tomorrow 7am  LMU..
1st hour in the pool, then grab your wetsuit and head on down to the beach!
text me
That awkward moment when you're at a red light  you look at the person next to you  they're already looking at you.
I can't wait 4 the playoffs!!
Tonight ALICE will have a Cooper's Cover from Yes, A Vinyl Siding Song from Deep Purple and a future classic from RUSH at 7p on 101.5.
Here's another  WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly  well, in the TV biz it's you've got a face for radio  ouch.
This hashtag thing is kinda weird

follow us and get a free cream'wich!
That's stupid
: has some good answers to some tough questions.
this could take a few tweets..
I guess the door guy had just moved a table to its correct place I then..
addicted to flick soccer
I hope I fall asleep at the wheel and crash my car on the way home.
Sweet!
Stay in touch Virginia!
I wish rather the Royals still had Kyle Davies over Luke Hochevar.
At least Davies wasn't a 1 overall mlbdoctorft pick.
Caps Top Pens in OT
Dtown love with  PeytonManning in SD to remember
i put damage protectant in my hair.
GAWD IT SMELLS GOOD.
Dinner date with besties 
To choose the best floor, employ the best technology...
ur EYES!!!
It may be Monday, but have no fear...
HAPPY HOUR is here!!
MondayFriday starting at 330pm!
doctornk  food specials going on :
sure has a lot of marriage advice for someone who's been divorced twice and has rushed into yet another relationship.
they know
then we'd have to listen to an another insufferable tribute...
good bye!
and now any sort of attraction I had for this guy is completely lost.
:
Sept.
7, 2010  the H1N1 swine flu was no more severe  and posed no greater risk of serious disease  than recent seasonal flu bugs.
lucky :/ I wished she would text me.
She really loves you a lot!
I don't know how you did it...
RT : currently in school for MSW however I'm thinking about switching 2 criminal justice, thoughts?
MH
how hit was Stevie Nicks?!!
Humber is all over the place.
Ill take Axelrod as my 5th starter.
And I would never give Hafner a pitch to hit.
Please follow me ?
:
Test results back: no evidence of disease.
Yahoo!!!
Thank you for carrying !
Today 8 November is my 53rd Birthday  I'M GOING TO WALT DISNEY WORLD Magic Kingdom Park All Day
EveryoneHasThat1Friend Who SWACKS UP THE ASS THAT ITS AS IF THEY ARE YOU!!!
Damn.
Had a doctoram about VoxPro.
Yes, that's how much I miss it.
sorry but it was close
Thanks for the RTs and favorites!
Heyy How are ya doing today?
You from Cinco Ranch though.
gearing up for my April newsletter!
Send me your email addoctorss and I promise some great informative info!
It's FF already!?
This week flew by!
In that case, follow and b/c these chicks rock my socks!
bruh.
full van sadly : .
if anything changes ill let ya know.
RT : You can now find us at Goodoctorads!
Look us up, join the group.
:
sushi time
you're welcome and I hope you have an amazing birthday :
Please let me know if you guys are available and contact information.
Thanks!
At flanigan's in Wellington
u read my comment
I'm just getting over one.
Finally caved and doctornk myself healthy.
good 4 u hun..
i wish i cud say the same
There's a big assumption in the graphic  that nonexcellent teachers, whatever that means, are cause of achievement gap.
: why am i the only one ballsey enough to play hey mister?
Enjoying a cup of TimHorton's this morning.
Mighty nice.
Just had the best sub..
steak on flatbread with tomatoes, green peppers and chipotle doctorssing.
My fav!
IfOnlyYouCould rewind the past to when Austin was 14  had only around a thousand followers.
When him  Alex use to goof off, in Texas.
RE: memorizing tips  best were repitition and recording  guess it's like a muscle, the more you do, the stronger you get.
shut up
Whether they got 1 wk or 14 wks, it was a gift!
Stop by RIF Pittsburgh's table at the Bryant Street Festival on Sunday!
Kids can make their own bookmark and select their own book to keep!
RT doctornk Beer legally RT : Buy beer...
RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME.
What can't this kid do?
The pages are still blank, but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there, written in invisible ink and clamoring to become...
Apocalypse Now, Zodiac, City of God, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, Blade Runner, doctorStrangelove, Exorcist
boo!
I miss the tie!
Hey Men Yo didnt go to facebook to teach me that is really bad thank you for nothing!!!!
thank you :
Out walking the dogs a women asked if I was the guy on her roof last night..he had a beard..wt
yay, thx!
We so appreciate all the work that goes into it
I love how the younger guests awards are waiting for autographs from literary professorssionals.
It's Up To You To Make Those Hit Records, Its Up To Us 2 make It SOUND Like a Hit Record
Couldn't agree more.
It is ironic how HR tends to be where strong culture, engagement  great ideas go to die.
I am currently eating a muffin with a spoon, to what would no doubt be the chagrin of my coworkers.
Looked into some 3rd party apps, kind of hard to grok on first glance.
Kind of like Excel itself.
dm I know you are paid to consult and When funded we will Meanwhile, we have an amazing Edu opportunity.
When do we go public?
Life is good.
So apparently Miguel Torres is my long lost cousin.
Ever consider a home theater system for endless hours of entertainment?
Come visit us at www.tazzlighting.com to find out more.
You may not have a lot of friends, all you need is The Friend.
Jesus!
Big game tonight...
LEGGO BOYS 3
With all of this champagne celebration talk, how long until we hear the story of the underagers during the UWM celebration?
Wake up, school, home, sleep, Twitter, eat, workout, homework, TV, sleep.
Than the cycle repeats.
The updated schedule should be out this week.
As soon as it is, we will post right away.
Hope you can still make it!
What's everyone up to tonight?!?!?!
Open phone lines on The Other Side program via call  713.526.5738  open topic!
Least cool athlete?
I'd love to get one of those MUFC Champions kits.
Just for the lulz.
Took all day for my room service
girl get yo ass of twitter lmao
WeWontWork if you don't put any effort into the relationship.
Rawking out to Doves  Kingdom of Rust!
10/5 Salad Special: Mixed Greens in a Fresh Herb Vinaigrette w/Shrimp Remoulade, Sliced Avocado, Vine Ripe Tomatoes  Crumbled Goat Cheese
Happy Birthday to my little sister.
The big 16!
:D
Just sold CEDC for a quick 5 professort.
God is in leading us, God is by our side, God is above us  right in our faces, while chasing us down with blessings at that!
wow that sounds like great sequencing!
It need to gone rain.
I was contacted by that a Talent Manager was interested in representing me after viewing my Best Performance.
I don't wanna leave!!!
I just got sucked in to watching The Bachelorette,someone take my penis and beat me with it!
Not even a week after the first old lady, a 92 year old woman was found murdered in her home in District Heights, MD.
What is going on?!
When the sun goes down, the lights go up at Jacks and the night is ours.
Come hang out!!!
dg
Why are the waiters at Chinese restaurants so rude!!
Its funny how my phone is off butbi can still get on twitter
We trippy mane
sometime in the Spring, April or May time frame.
DM your email and we will put you in on our Boston agenda!
My mother just called me a bridezilla ...hm...
I understand.
Mine fell somewhere in my car.
Hubs did find it after cutting out a compartment a year later!
I hope you find it.
very very busy day!
but it's worth it cause im making lots of money!
: awesome!
you're gay mijo .
it was really nice seeing some familiar faces at the Field of doctorams event tonight
pssst : I have ice cream!!!
O you scared!
panel on the Constitution at 250.
RT : When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Napoleon Hill...
Wow Harvard going for 4 point play to ties it!
can't seem to facebook connect.
whether i approve or deny optional permissions, I get content not found.
on ios app or web
Ion wana be her bff nomore
They killing it over hea!
RT The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept George Carlin quotes
We love seeing humanities folks showing up all over the beautiful Vinoy!
We're in for a great few days!
What are you wearing tomorrow ??

Likewise!
Thanks for the follow!
What going on people??
Comment me how are you doing today...
I've been able to keep it together the past couple days but this pushed me off the edge
better chance of Rex Ryan going to church with tebow than that happening
Do you remember those cold Decembers, with you wrapped around me, tight as a glove?
Just passed from Florida to Georgia on I95.
Looks like I won't hang with cwcon folks tonight...
wait til next time...you're going down slut
Yo girl.
Message me your number.
I got an iPhone and your number didn't transfer over.
Miss you!
Hope everything's well.
Incubus is incredible
I can't wait to get home and eat some weeds.
That's what you call the act of using a weedeater, right?
ATI Announces LongTerm Agreement for Rene 65 Alloy
it would be worth it trust me she wants you
nobody likes her.
Its so funny
What an absosmurfly gorgeous day here in Kansas City!
Hmm Mexico don't really celebrate Cinco De Mayo , and here in the U.S.
they celebrate it all big and shit !
so glad to see other ppl i kno get into this whole parenting thing.
i laugh and i cry for them.
but not as much as i laugh and cry 4 myself
We are looking for an office in Tampa.
Please let me know if anyone knows of any good spots.
Funny thing is I was referring to work.
But twitter could use one too.
your tweets are awesome!
:
haha I'm not that nasty.
CC is 162 Lifetime vs.
O's !!!
Marc I think you could catch him tonight  he'd win.
I have a lunch appointment at noon so I can't go yet.
I'm dying!
RT Scholz: Is it time for Grandma Lunch yet?
Projection: Under Obama, we will have wages.
Under Romney, the Chinese will have wages.
first rain, now snow?
UGH
definitely.
Can't wait!
power is out again.
grrr mlgw.
Most the chicks that magazines try to pass as being perfect and sexy are ridiculously ugly.
noass?
notitties?
Not none!?
are you attending???
dml2012 mission admission goal to win  collage!!
Building game strategies t aptly your goals.
Launching this month on
Listening to freak out because she probably has to do all her engr 131 hw by herself!
I thought Asians were hard working?!
Audition tomorrow for 30 Rock!
Third time's a charm!
Please follow me I LOVE YOU 3
Haha, thats how I feel.
But he's actually being funny, and he is hardly even talking.
Aha
when I eat, it's the food that is scared....classic Ron Swanson
flavortown was that a reference to Guy?
My buddy and I poke fun at his quotes every week...
We have a list.
Hello twitter :
Ok!
I will watch and vote now.
:
30/30 is back on again 7:30 cst..ESPNU.
A year running ....thanks Espn and Jon Hock
set fire to the rain!
Bo pellini at a loss for words
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Maria Robinson
in a good way!
Lol
Starting at 1:30: Head over to Reckling Park for networking before the Rice vs.
UH baseball game.
Free food and doctornks!
Thank You :
AskMichelle Are you still proud to be an American?
I just got charged a bag fee and tomorrow when I land someone is going to hear about it.
It thinks your cheating on it lol!
I Choo Choose to Believe.
Thanks for the FF Paul!
:
a good friend would share a copy of that with his other friends ;
Listen To Some Odd Future In Class!!!
Does Sefalalalalalalosha have a twitter?
Are you reading The Art of Racing in the Rain for 's All Henrico Reads?
Author Garth Stein speaks in RVA April 5.
Heed the warning!
i think we should skip school and go to the mall...
yes or yes ?
;
CGXEmerge Thanks to , the LDP Associates behind the scenes, our clients, vendors, etc...
Great memories!
Safe travels to all.
unlocked or locked?
Sending happy thoughts and wishes for excellent turkey your way.
Also happy to whisper a prayer to deity of your choosing...
bwahahaha because they just skate by at life?
;
Ok, enough passiveaggressivetweets for now...
Back to being positive
we are in premarketing right now and will be live in 2012!!!
thanks!
Some people are hopelessly devoted to their labels.
Democrat?
Republican?
Liberal?
Conservative?
You are a sad sad waste of air.
Whether or not God exists is not as important as whether a belief in God exist
Levo League Offers CareerBuilding for Gen Y Women
Melissa HarrisPerry has a fantastic show on MSNBC.
But that lisp!
But she is also very well educated.
We slow sometimes...
but THANKS!!
Thinking about putting in my 2 weeks
Ringer's on tonight!
What do you think will happen to Bridget  Andoctorw's relationship?
Did everyone have a good time at our show with Lydia!!?!?!
Just got word SB466 will be signed today.
Law will likely go into effect on April Fools Day.
Wish it were a joke.
A huge thanks to the over 80 friends and supporters who came to Senator Scott White's Fundoctoriser tonight!
if you listen to Justin Bieber backwards, it totally still sucks
This is getting annoying.
Either it rains or it doesn't.
Enough of this on and off crap 
A review, yes.
First words have been written
I'm just staring at my computer screen laughing my head off and my dog's all, WTF?
O.O
Can someone please tell me why Skype is committed to making it impossible to quit the program?
I upgraded and can't find the quit button...
You are not helping!
;
RT : RT : Everyone who bought PPV, who came out to Vegas and TheMoneyTeam  Thank you.
Tomorrows the last day of school?........I THINK YES!!!
Summer 2012 is coming my way!!
:
What's your favorite part of the season?
:
Here's me  so call me maybe...
Hope all the moms out there had a great day Mother's Day.
back from Portland...not sure how I feel about it.
Other than cool.
lol just making sure.
I might be addicted to sleep..
Normal?
no i can too!
OMG this game fuckin sucks
I knew it!
Smoke Break!
I used safety scissor and a bathroom mirror.
So classy lol
Really like the angles of excitement for Kathryn Bigelow's win lady!
librarian's daughter!
former conceptual artist!
beating JCam is best!

PLEASE stop the bucher/broussard debates, no one wants to read that shit
Do not lose courage when considering your own imperfections.
They are the things that make you unique.
Embrace yourself  engage the world.
What did he do?
I've been to it was awesome.
This Wednesday at the Wine Bar, Gypsy Jazz with Hot Club of DC : guitars, violin, bass and vocals.
7pm.
No cover.
I wish.
I really wish to be on that stage dancing.
That's really what I meant.
First problem is any president referred to as a rock star.
How many rock stars you know that can create jobs for the masses?
how goes it over there?
Need any guest bloggers?
there's nothing wrong with swim trunk shorts!
:P
Mark One Eyeball.
I can't wait for 4:30!
T3: I think for business use its important being on the right networks to reach your customers, clients, followers and friends.
Very productive day, greenhouse built and seeds planted.
Way to go Kaner
Oil Rain Lamp  antique oil lamps
Just turned on the news and guess who's on?
check her out Fri  Club Giarbaldi w/ Tickets 5
Any of my coworkers have an iPhone charger on them?
on the left, we spend too much time of defense!
I also agree with your take on Paul.
I like Paul, he is consistant and honest but
5K scholars, students, artists, critics, curators, collectors, librarians in LA for 100th annual conference today.
sure  laugh at us.
but i'm moving to NY if the ban goes through!
I need to learn how to use Tweetdeck for iPhone
MERRY CHRISTMAS
I cannot wait for the coast!
cold weather here I come :D
You can't be a player forever man tyga
Meal Planning Monday a new series on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com
Nice Team call boys: Hunster Mahan with the win :
Bad bad bad decisions.
first few pictures are finally up.
www.everywebbs.com loads slowly because it's had some issues, but I finally got them up!
you hit me with a fucking donut.
on beach
i hate camilla so much she stupid Gia is the best rock it girl and fuck these bitches up when you have too
Milwaukee King junior Austin MaloneMitchell picked up scholarship offers from Bowling Green and San Francisco today, per his AAU coach.
when i herd say that his kid wanted a ceiling fan t shit i just bout shit myself laughing!
if you doctorp the experience it becomes COOL :...
but more seriously, i haven't seen much cooperation in a any of these
Everyone Follow for some good music
Is armor fully customizable?
I JUST got caught up!
Lol goes to watch so I don't fall behind again lol
just when I thought I was out, Facebook pulled me back in!
and dudley moore's real life son went to my school in nyc growing up.
10 min left of smallbusinesssaturday!
Buy ANY items in the www.nightowlmerch.com store and get a FREE Night Owl  Up All Night Tote Bag!
so cute
Softball: Megan Bates' RBI double scores Brynn Lio as Wildcats get one back trailing 32 to St Helens into the 7th.
lol it's been that long ?
I was over your house like winter break  in October  you weren't there.
Thanks for coming to see us last night in Dallas.
Enjoyed meeting you.
Looking forward to watching DVDs of Breaking Bad.
Twiiter is like a good friend that you never have to see
I hope I get what I am wishing for.
we miss ya.
It's kinda close football season n you know what that means.
Parties at Cynthia's!!!
Intermission at 4th Street's August: Osage.
Nicely done.
never mind I was told it was custom class for a corporate client.
I'm just a student.
Damn
So nice to have a Raider here in Jacksonville
I hear you need boxing gloves!
These refs can suck it
Its ok I don't judge lol RT : dwl
BELOW THE BRIM updated their website!
Art, Fashion, Hope...
its not just a To DO it's To B...
I just won four tickets for tomorrow night's game from AWESOME!!
might make it.
If you want the inside on internet marketing go to: www.warriorforum.com let me know what you think..
almost?
You had a chance to BE somebody.
hit the follow button and
Stupid spam.
Say again
lml!
I'm dyin!
And I'm rude?!
Wow lolololol aight I dig u win
Fighting at Paseo graduation , really !
Smh
Finished reading Search Engine Optimization Secrets by Danny Dover.
Written for those who want to be SEO consultants.
Very well done.
The 1st three books are phenomenal.
They slow down after that.
Currently reading book 5.
My leg looks awful, and so does my arm.
RT : Greco: its not nonprofessorts themselves that are inefficient, but the rules in which they are forced to operate.
Huzzah!...
I have a feeling that doctorma is going to start in Peyton's street team again.
i think i'm goin to some house party
In other news: doctorve Thru  Chickfila for lunch.
Ordered 4,Spicy Deluxe meal.
doctorve 10 minutes, opened my sandwich box..No Top Bun!
FML
great!
Thank you.
we want to see is Rock of Ages.
There is a half price ticket booth in Times Square which sells 1/2 price tix day of show.
hahaha, I love it!
Where do I get a set?
Happened to me yesterday, except I forgot a sports bra.
It was the perfect excuse to ditch the gym.
I've noticed.
I had hoping my sad pleading would be worth less than an hour of their time, though
I still don't think you realize how much I honestly like you.
Now up: Lisa Snyder on classroom use of 3D models of urban environments
We are competing in the 3rd Annual Boston Chili Cup at Ned Devine's on Thursday, Feb 16th!
Get your tickets here...
that bad huh?
Should have stuck with the underage Hooters girl dumbass
Hello Naill!!
You're amazing, hope you have had a great day 3
Dale Jr is off to a great start still think he will win multiple races and challenge for the championship
Senate Finance covering foster care programs now in budget hearings.
Sen.
West asking good questions.
I didn't, I thought you were serious!
Nice work  Kevin will be there!
At the Races with my Zachy!!
3
its ok I wonder what times its in the uk right just waiting for it be on
This special event will be held in Long Beach, California on the 17th and 18th of September
almost did except for the fact it's neon under white
I GOT IT BRO ILL BE HITTIN YOU LATER TONIGHT
Digging very deep into my heart so I can write something of substance and meaning...
Sorry for the families, friends of troops lost today.
That real pain makes Washington's dysfunction completely unbearable.
Yep, a couple of case studies around here.
sigh
The influx of SpringBreakers to NewMexico has been a blast so far!
I love seeing people enjoy our great state!
the allowing Elena to make her own decisions thing is a big, big deal.
I think that's why she loves Stefan more and most of all
yeah I get so frustrated with refs but my dad is one so......lmfao
Lets Go Texas!!!!
Getting ready for another giveaway!
Start brushing up on your western trivia for the 2010 Hot Air Hoe Down this Saturday!
RT : I'm staring at a microphone...should I record a new freestyle and put it out tomorrow?
Hell yeeaaaahhh
Here a miracle a hot gamimg girlfriend
According to Chris Mueller you are the worst doctorssed Admiral?!
According to JSonline's hockey blog.
haha
The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the same ones she can't stand years later.
Gabby.
GABBY.
GABBY!!!!
duhh i thought i told u like a thousand time at the track meet lol
Parents with iPads: do you have favorite apps to keep kids entertained?
Looking for something the baby can play with.
Always around when the lighters up, never putting in on nothing
I meet  down 5points she gave me her twitter but not da  :
Thank you for the feature!
Corey Brewer is who Losing Isiah grew up to be lol
Having the most horrible night
I clicked twitter on my imdb page and went OH that's what that does LOL
Very excited to be taking part.
RT : Announcing who'll lead a typeacon intensives session on blog monetization.
but at least you remembered your phone!
oh okayy : whenever!
what are you up to?
Mozilla has adopted the red panda cubs at the Knoxville Zoo to celebrate Firefox's 7th birthday and is streaming live video of them 24/7.
Nathan talked about it the whole 3 hour trip home!!
Nasa made his day :
misterBaskin!
Are you at tedxuchicago ?
The first talk I listened to was about coding.
We should have a
booked a web designer!
new site is go!
What do you want to talk about?
You haven't made it easy you know.
why they like to marks on yellow folks sis?
I hope no supporters tricked into doctornking tap water during his belleview visit...
How do you all feel about mood altering prescribed medication?
GordonMoore talking fishing.
I won a 10 bet on biggest bonefish caught on a trip to Palmyra with him.
He paid up right away!
Fun Facts Friday!
The most snowfall within 24 hours in the U.S.
was 63 inches and occurred in Georgetown, Colorado on December 4, 1913.
10 teachers VS 98 kids.
lol hahahahaha and the thing is, it's a jail school.
right down the road from the jail.
hahahah.
The Beastie Boys have never sounded sad to me, until today.
The License to ill was apparently a metaphor God did not understand.
Loved Corinna Belz's documentary Gerhard Richter Painting.
Focus on materials and process and the poetics of making things.
Great course on Lynda.com for converting your book using InDesign to EPUB, Kindle, and iPad
Don't we all!
RT : Today is national IPA day, so go out and enjoy a fine brew!
Wish I could say it was free...
Haha, that is exactly right, only short and fat.
Like the girl version of Pugsly.
Hey guys!
One Thing is 2 on hot 99.5 right now!3
Look for FutureGun in an upcoming issue of The Villager.
JO
Tough Monday!
Great lunch specials today!
Stop thru and join our March Madness Bracket on ESPN while you are here!
November has arrived!
Have you procured your Thanksgiving turkey yet?
How about some tamales?
What's your favorite Thanksgiving side item?
Congrats to Carol Tenopir, one of twelve Southeastern Conf professorssors selected to receive the SECs first ever Faculty Achievement Award.
Thank you.
Talking to you and a guy I just met.
: Hmm....you can be my new best friend lmao xD
awesome.
We are really excited and will be reaching out soon with details.
Look forward to meeting.
too good
Unless you were planning on staying that long,cause I was only plannin on like hour and a half like 111:30
listen here faggot!
sorry I had to ditch you ladies toward the end.
Those guys were annoying as shit.
lol
speaking of more.....when are you gonna serve us more KARMA?
I didn't like the ending of Lost, does that get me any cred?
: If you have time to tweet, but not to text me back, I hate you.
agreed!!!!!
:
So apparently I was texting Oomf last night and had no recognition of it until I went through my texts this morning smh.
Blazers beating up on Spurs.
Fans see it as a good beat down, but take it w/ a grain of salt.
Parker  Duncan have the night off.
Cupcake Wars judge  Sprinkles Cupcakes owner, C.
Nelson, settled a TM infrng.
case against Pink Sprinkles; now Pink Cupcake Shack.
We are basically area code sisters ha!
have talked with 3 executive search firms in a month.
freshviews coming to key RVA agencies!
undergrad?
More like elementary school.
I haven't heard not used since the mid90s.
You were born then, right?
She dnt speak know Spanish.....but she call me Papi
It is Joey Votto bobblehead day!
All the way from DC for my legs.
we pushing our luck for three days in a row tomor?
lol
The kitchen is back and running!
We'll be open today for dinner at 4pm!

thanks Nicole  mostly Washtenaw County groups.
But look out for Fall Into Service Detroit, Fall 2012
Thanks for the lovely tweets!
your bitch forehead like rihanna  has a hairline like Lebron
srsly!
What am I supposed to do with myself??
Man, I really wish we had Vanski tonight.
Welcomes our followers.
The party is gonna be great.
Come help us support
nike.com/makeitcount
Pray for me.
id have to say my life is deffantly not a bore!!
Think it!
See it!
Hear it!
Feel it.
It will be yours
I'm so ready for summer!
10 more weeks until freedom!
people damn shut the hell up wit all this flashin justin crap..
it gettin anoyying it was the past so let it go...
I was thinking how awesome it would be if you had s app!
;
: Has anybody at the Post Biz calculated what the cost of productivity loss has been in Denver this week due to sports stories?
Revamped website.
www.imaginarytalent.net :D
Sen Paul Pinsky: We had headlines for air pollution.
It's now time for Maryland to be in the forefront with offshore wind.
Go wind power!
Noone has ever succeeded in April fooling until today.
He's probably gonna break up with me but it was SO GOOD.

You're disgusting.
Weather is on point today.
I just want one day where I'm not tired.
Prayers to you and your family..
xoxo
GangstaPlaya143 RT : what's your aim??
The prettiest doctorsses are worn to be taken off
Proclamation presented to Ken Boothe
Just got my hands on a copy of April Bloomfield's A Girl and Her Pig.
First recipe to try: chopped chicken livers on toast.
I found it a bit thick for cookie dunking and ended to watering it down...
but coffee?
Let me know how it goes.
you should!
It's pretty juicy; and yes, eva longoria is in it.
But she's mine so, back off!;
And there is your dagger..
Welcome to Hollister , would you like a gasmask, earplugs, or a flashlight?
laundoctor day is fuckin annoying.
that is all.
Thanks for the checking me out, dont forget to visit kewlaire.com
Ironically, Packers fans are probably thrilled that Aaron Rodgers lost to Calvin Johnson in the Madden '13 cover vote.
: News Alert: Designer Betsey Johnson files for chapter 11 bankruptcy; most stores to close.
Injustice can be removed, but human differences and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Planning a Friday night outing for a girl who's just turned 21.
What would be your suggestions for a night out?
Thanks , ,  4 all the hard work!
Missed anyone?
Hope to do it again!
beez in the trap c;
which school has that sign posted?
Sleep is good.
Share lots of content!Shelf life of sm link is 3 hours...
You don't want to doctornk milk that's been sitting out that long, do you?
iiop x el y el x otra!
u.u
You guys blow me away all the time, with the rawness yet slick,polished magical musical harmonies
Lil, check out our service, then the Romance will come to you literally.
:
Today's panels interesting.
Re: library ereader lending: desired by patrons, but have to tell Amz  BN that we have institutional pricing.
Let your people work from home, the increased productivity will amaze you.
I allow my team a wide berth in this regard ...
my brain is on creativity overload from my stroll around Makerfaire Detroit.
I have a huge urge to make another art car ASAP.
just make sure he takes care of you and treat you like the princess you are :
caught ur set at north coast and it was rad!
Come to in Detrois and play for us!
I really should just save california chicken cafe's number in my phone considering I order food from there at least twice a week...
no la suya
What do you do when someone stops loving you?
Well, you cry a little and then you wait for the sun to come out.
It always does.
Who is staying in South Florida for Thanksgiving?
We'd love to hear about your plans around the area!
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great New Year!
thanks for checking it out  we are having great fun playing together....
so when are we going to
CANT wait until i get my hard copy of PF: RR tomorrow !!!!
Thanks to  for a great sbchat  disappointed haven't been avail to participate lately...still readup.
Thanks guys!
Yoou never really can fix a heart ....
Congrats to the newest pitcher Guillermo Moscoso!
Looking forward to seeing you against LA, SD, and of course the Nats!
Breaking News: George Zimmerman's lawyer is about to go LIVE with a press conference.
LIVE feed from CNN Mobile App.
That is where a ps2 game tester would come in to solve problems
I'M DOING FINE THANKS 4 ASKIN, except this girl is really annoying...
If you know what I'm talking about
My love of football and the Chargers started with Junior Seau.
Legendary S.
Californian, LB and sack celebrator!
Tragic end to his life.
Did you like it in Spanish?
;
TURKEY doctorG!!!
WHO IS READY FOR THIS WEEKEND!
ALREADY GOING DOWN,GETTING PUMPED UP!!
Any chance you will be open by Sunday?
Will be passing through right at lunch.
Can't miss a BBP burger  shake op!
why did it have to be snakes?!
Taco tuesday????
Anyone down
yo why are we looking so good here?
KLUSOZ WILL BE IN CRUNK MODE ONCE AGAIN TONIGHT!!!
GET THERE EARLY TO GET THOSE 3 doctorNKS!!!
WE LIKE TO PARTY!!!
yeah!
call me w time  place
O what color?
iPhone changed affect to AFC.
Best feeling ever: having makeup that matches my skin perfectly.
Except now I'm not allowed to get paler, I'm already MAC's lightest shade..
thanks, Chrissy!
I'll look at them online.
Great improvements on deck for gbif; will soon no longer be limited to harvesting just 27 fields of DwC!
Awesome.
i've fallen somehow, feet off the ground.
12 hour shift.
Exhausted.
Home for now, then out to visit a good friend that I've missed since she left.
Blake Griffin, you make me believe I can fly.
Take me to LobCity!
I may have gawked at Rooney Mara and Charlize Theron a little too much tonight...and Larry David in a nonsexual way.
Wishing I could get tickets to Austin's NYC Concert  Meet him..
But .., I live in Florida  Ally
Hey great idea.
Adding fulbright social media brain trust to the discussion and
Be sure to join us and OISS this Wednesday for another international coffee afternoon!
Treats from around the world
Nothing like late night Jack in the Box with
time to fess up
People just called my best friend jordan an mm
what should I do when NextBus says it's going one place and the bus says something different?
This happens regularly on the D lines.
thanks pal!!!
also follow  they're THE place for hip hop and news!!
Does the guy know the temp?
Playing catch phrase down santa Monica blvd!
I cannot wait for freshman year to be over.
Thanks for the RT!
You know you're ghetto when you wash paper plates
I love how even though Austin didn't have a lot of time he still did an Austream for us:3
Everytime I see people talk about EDC, especially people I haven't seen in a while, I get hella excited.
What a fuckin reunion it will be :
And Cotton Eye Joe guy once again gets the loudest reception of the night from the CONSOL Energy Center faithful.
What's the plan?!
You guys have anything wild and crazy going on tonight or tomorrow?!
I'm fired up!!
needs a .net apps developer  Central NJ and frontend java developers and web developers in NYC.
Back at the 140Cuse Conference about to hear from
you better watch out is quoting your tweets in church tweettweet 
Book discussion on Enrique's Journey TONIGHT at College Library, Room 1193, from 78pm.
Stop by before Sonia Nazario's visit on 10/27.

Not again!
Why don't you just get your own network like Oprah?
While we're on the subject, how about we alleviate the federal court system crisis with some Judicial appointments?
watching without a trace...
kendall schmidt is a guest star and it is the best episode i have seen...well, the only episode i've seen :
Depends on the position, but it usually takes me a couple of hours to a day.
I try to keep my resume uptodate, though.
Rainy day in the northeast, perfect to spend in the lab formulating....new products soon so stay tune!
I think the Jason Kidd/Terry eras will conclude in Dallas after OKC wins Game 4 and completes the sweep.
Mavs need new blood
I mean, its a space shuttle launching space marines to have a laser gun fight in space.
AWESOME.
Good Morning.
:
We will make your pants feel weird.
FREE HUG!!
You've just been cyberhugged!
Pay it forward!!
Thank you.
Last regular season home series.
Hard to believe!
Thanks for the Tweet!!!
Secretly....I'm done working for the day!
20ThingsAboutMe; 16.
Favorite color is Purple.
30 minutes away from at 5!
Join 
These idiots at that hotel, how the hell you not gon see what I see on your own damn site
I have 17 followers and I'm currently following 179 people...is that sad?

told you lmfao we need each other for strength!
Who else could understand us!
Plays like that are why people say the NFL is rigged.
Just noticed I sent out a talk announcement last week dated May 20.
I think that makes it clear I've had enough of this semester already.
I ain't goin home tonight
Agreed!
Travel safe R!
Best wishes to you in your new city!
lol good :P
Loading!
Please wait
I'm so bored .
I actually have to do my work today ;/
everything's gonna be alright 3
Can't ever remember a worse Monday night game than last night's!
Cus I'm inlovee love story
this nigga having a fight party.
I don't even think I was invited lol
I got a 69 on the chem test....
Day 2 at the Heckerling Institute on Estate Planning.
Great lectures on what we might expect in 2013 and beyond.
but now am back again and following.
the end.
We are so excited for this year's Alphabet Affair!
Tell us about your N costume ideas!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE?
Just ordered my Keeping it Clean Braun shirt from .
Looking forward to wearing it Opening Day!
: Don't take it personally; I unfollowed your blog because it's awful, not because you're awful.
so true...
I need a follow from an EPL Legend!
IKR love u too
if anyone needs a smog check up do not hesitate to give us a call at 2470557 we are glad to help out
thx for Rollin in.
I think you all missed last night.
He's such a slacker :
what show?!?
New Music IDs are ready to roll on
Jerome finally made his way up here to c Jake
I need days of doin NOTHING, Peace  quiet.
Many writers need that quiet alone time.
Hung wt an author once  we rarely spoke, jus chilled.
5k in approx.
35 min.
3 supplies collected.
Two zombie hoards outrun.
IM SO EXCITED!!!
The ATT UVerse labels are all messed up for NBA League Pass tonight.
Glad I finally found NOatNY.
These Hornets jerseys are sweet!
I signed up for PSSC's Kickball League.
I will be able to use my high school soccer skills more effectively than I could in dodgeball.
Wow!
You'll be able to move all your family possessions in a Kia.
I'm calling you, when I need to consolidate.
i no, i was talking bout this muslum guy next to me....
oomff mom always call me her son in law lol even tho we never dated
Death Row is possibly in the motherfuckin house!!!

Thunder is scarin' my puppy.:
My 3 y/o tells me the jackinthebox won't work when I try it.
Why?
I put a password on it.
Brave new world.
A lot of baby boomers are baby bongers.
THIS PLACE ABOUT TO BLOW.
Free from stress, free from peer pressurebullies!
Great point!
RT : Freedom: Free Teens Know How to Make Good Choices
I stopped listening to mainstream media.
The truth isn't there.
You have to go out of country or alternative media to get the real info
hehe.
yeah, never know what cats will say.
I think this stuff is really fun, so sometimes I get a little excited :
So I'm in the car wid my big brutha and my chest is moving with bass in his car !
thanks for the lecture, super fascinating stuff.
the next miku show i'm there.
: Sex aint better than Love hell yea girl!!
Sex is love ;
It looks fantastic!
Well done.
The Who search tool is a great addition.
I neef to get a new phone
show me where I claimed to be a Grammy winner?
Mine says nominee, and I have the paperwork to prove it.
perhaps there's a corresponding Naturalist position.
;
Look, haircuts for only 5.95!
Yeah, they probably only have Mexican looking haircuts.
Congratulations to the Cinequest folks for another great festival.
I am not a huge fan of him but he did good.
Juliet killed it though.
I won't Brooke because I could care less lol I'll turn in the final doctorft and get a decent score and take my C lol
Will Smith  Summertime
Too hot for a swimsuit even!
thanks for the follow.
Music is life.
Thank you for the mentions and RTs!
Grateful for your ongoing support!
Prevent and reduce age spots by using a lotion containing grapeseed extract or vitamins C and E.
Any other suggestions?
we did.
Missed our west coast fam tho...
Maybe next year well b out there?
Extra innings on the way as Navarro and San Jacinto are tied at 6
I can't believe you guys switched to Pepsi!
i dont have to reveal my body parts to be liked,i believe that in order to see my goods u better do something 2 deserve it.
I love what I do being on set and making magic.
I can't wait to see you at warped tour 
No wonder vets are suffering all they do is sit on their ass and do nothing.
Back in MKE man does it feel good?
nothing can beat the age old Flannery's
no its not lol
always liked Doug West from my days in St.
Cloud.
no prob :D
You're a faggot if you're awake and not texting me
Happy Birthday Dog!!
Have a great day!
I love my Panda Daddy and want him to know how sorry I am.
I love you forever!!
Chris Paul knocks down his first FG.
It only takes one shot to get you going.
thanks girl!
Sexy sexy in ur avi hunh?
Lol when r we partying again?
you are 1 4 more winners...reply with 3528Chestnut to win 5 YOURS gift certificate
Talking developmental ed in the land of Tebow  Sante Fe College in Gainesville, FL
Neato!
I myself don't play it but certain other members of the crew love it.
Our XBL gamertag is NewBtv.
See ya on there!
you ever get sick of being a tool or does it just come naturally for you?
Happy birthday !!!
RT : Any1 in ATL ever been hit by a car bike riding or doctorving  hit a biker?
Should we share the Rd?
bob rathburn an dominique commentary has noticable added playoff intensity.
Its tight that fox airs local an they get to do a playoff game.
There is no God!
Second prize is who won a 1 hour Swedish massage!
Congrats!
My dad's response when asked his ideal job: Monkey trainer.
Or cage fighter.
My bestfriend is taking care of me because I dont feel good 3
Just when I'm expecting word on my Pulitzer for fiction, Gmail goes down...
Playin xbox with Chase's dumb ass and cody
Dancing4thecure Just in!
One of the top choreographers from LA mister Brandon Henschel will be teaching for Dancing 4the Cure on Sat Oct16th
Are you referring to the Cielo Vista South ES?
It will open in 2014.
Boundaries are approved the year before a school opens.
we cannot wait for this event and are thankful to be part of it!
See you on May 5th!
Mamas Network scores!!!!!
Pagonised.
Totally random incursion!
Oh, I would love that!
Alison Perkins and Heather could compare notes.
Trader Joe's!
8th  Color.
10 mins from my office at the old Annie's location.
across the street from my favorite lunch spot, Swing Thai.
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!!
Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
mahomieforlife 19
Editing in the airport lol.
Hey inspiration comes at the weirdest times.
scms12 Doane: a.
garde's pursuit of innovation brings it dangerously close to the logic of capital
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It's literally a crime in Texas to suspect child abuse or neglect and NOT call Child Protective Services.
Im not gonna date any more guys until I graduate Highschool.
They're stupid
The real question is which do you think is better?
FACT: the new iPhone will contain a REAL human eye.
Only God can judge though, its just my opinion..
I didn't win a dime haha and I was pretty toast but it was too hot and I wasn't gonna pay 8 a beer once inside the track
one of the best chef's in the country!
Getting ready for Vocal session with Vanelis.
Hi Sandi!
We launch a new website soon and invite you to join it as well if you want!
;
RT : Who is ready for a great tasting this Sat!
Kettle One Vodka!
Come by from 36 pm
Look for counterattacks from alQaeda factions.
They'll want to show they're still a force and binLaden will attain heroic martyr status.
What would you like to see happen in Game Night Season 3?
WTF happened to Firefox?
It's getting worse with each release.
Full of quirky behaviors.
Does it want to be the new IE6?
Headed to Brews  Bites in Who's comin!?
Back to discipline!
Move more, eat less.
I am going to try this....
lets go austin dillion, elliott sadler, danica patrick i don't mind tony stewart but he can push austin or sadler to win : 6 win is enough
Yea, they really didn't plan that at all did they?
I ran the WarriorDash a couple yrs ago.
Tons of fun.
Muddy Buddy this yr!
:
nuffin.
Sup wit u?
I almost got 400 followers, but i am follwing 1023 people,?
thats ok i suppose?
RT : If you want to improve how you manage time  stop doing what doesn't need to be done!
Peter doctorcker
This week, Lawrence Berry the homeless artist, became the first graduate of the Homeless Coach program!
What's going on San Francisco?
Good to be back.
Lazy morning, then heading up to dmac2010!
Wish the sun were shining; maybe it will be in cbus...
NBC is giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony more money again, why is this Network keep doing this?, so NBC supports Child Murderers now?
1DVDforme because its the ONE THING I need!
3 :
It's funny, we have a title for our second album but no title yet for the first album!
City Paper Tweet up learning what a tweet up is.
Omg how I miss you all who tweeted me before : '
ma'am!
the dance fight we had in those dudes' garage at that party that one time was some next level shit, dude.
Killing educational programs will not fix pa's budget: Please call 1866 346 7655.
Select option 4 and then hit .
My job depends on it.
Photoshop Tip: Cycle between tool variations by using shiftselector key, e.g.
shiftm will move between a circle and square selector tools
Watching Clash of the Titans and all I hear from Hades is Voldemort!
barbosa is taking over!
you doctornk bastard

Also, if JavaScript were a man and not an inanimate programming language, it'd be getting a swift kick to the groin right now.
I suppose I have to shut down my Internet until after 30 Rock airs on the west coast.
Dirtbags.
mhmmmm...excuses excuses ;
i think you do.
Sweet lady would you be my sweet love for a lifetime
Awesome, you're entered to win!
Go go power rangers
Finished rhinestoning some costumes....Allegro's summer tour is going to be bright!
So True.
It's hard to take a heated Twitter debate seriously when both sides are probably in their underwear.
United, American match Delta fare hike  Chicago Tribune
It doesn't matter if you try and try and try again, and fail.
It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again.
Charles Kettering
You are going to do great, just think of it as one step closer to being able to work out again.
what snacks are we lookin at on the boat?
Listening to 11:11 I LOVE IT SO MUCH IM A BIG FLUFFIN MAHOMIE!!!
RETWEET: If You Miss Somebody In HEAVEN 3
1st Table Read tomorrow!!!
Yes, the ball has started rolling!!!
the girls in this town need major reality checks.
I'm a little delayed, but I was impressed with the roar of the crowd when Davis came to the plate.
Geez these whistles are crazy
probably should try Apple, but I doubt they would consider this...
We feel fortunate 2 have such a gr8 leader and hopeless optimist as part of our MKESucceeds partnership!
Thank you 4 compliment re: Beertown nom at HHA.
Stay tuned 2 ur email in next day or w 4 news about its future.
Unpacking and finding so many iphone cases but no iphone
On the Digital Divide: People tout free ebook access  what about the tech needed to read them?
Jeremiah 7:67 if you do not oppress the alien, the fatherless or the widow...then I will let you live in this place,...for ever and ever.
Have I really been watching something called The Greek Program on Boston local access for 30 minutes?
don't sweat it Corey's got you
AmericanIdol fanswho is teaching you English?
should have GONE home, not went home.
Each Idol exit will hurt from now on.
Rum punchmount gay rumgrilled fish rice and peas and grilled white sweet potato....my parents rubbing it in live from Barbados!
Ughh!
PIZZA for the whole office!!!
Doing good Chris  thanks for the follow!
On my way to qportland.
Yay for being an intern.
I wanna go to Neon Desert
Stats final, I got thiss.
Nothing against Chris, because I do Like the young man.
But really?
BEST RB ALBUM???
Rb?
As in rhythm and blues???
Dead reckoning is not beyond human capacity.
Pay attention.
yeah ok lol...
U must wanna be on punishment...
No cartoons
therles on this beach, surfs up!
my professorssor uploaded his lecture at 32kbps.
I can't understand a word.
o wow sryy i didnt see where u put russia lol :
Just listening to Bieber's new jam Boyfriend....woot woot.
Ideas come and go, but those that you hold on to are the ones that become successfull
Do they still do Legs and Eggs at The Foxy Lady?
audition time again today!!
really 3 of 5 that's amazing
sweet!
good luck with the launch!
The best damn thing: Love you.
It's Thursday but then again...
It's only Thursday...
DAMN YOU GROUP PROJECTS!!!
I hate purple, that's all.
I guess it will depend on the cut.
I am liking the thought of silver!
Yanking Leno from 10 PM will be the best stimulus investment package for Hollywood this year  will put a lot of people back to work.
Today's tip: if you're going to make coffee, be sure to load the machine with grounds.
Otherwise, it may be a little weak...
Niggas is boring texters now in days.
Its the fuckn weekend finally but man i wish i was in Georgia right now 
Just can across your blog and twitter.
You are obviously full of energy.
Have you downloaded the free GolfWashington app yet?
Nobody wants you, everyone left You.
They're all out without you, having fun.
Why are so many people insistent to know who we are?
Doesn't that take the fun out of it?
where you hanging out at tonight bro?
Huge UK fan!
Would love to get my son an autograph.
I want a Boyfriend that spoils me with out me even asking for somet
Im ready for my daily dose of sunchips HOLLA.
and jitt!?
you the jitt im older than you!
The things I hear at the shop while getting my hair done are a trip.....
Simpler times: When movies had a talking dog named Falkor, a rockeater, a racing snail, and a hotass childlikeprincess
Perfect pairing RT : PAIN 100 Bottle looks like a flask and I'm a hot sauceholic.
Coincidence?
I know people were mad.
The rules need to explicitly state spayed or neutered if that's required.
Feels good to be alive!
This Woman Will Be The Next CEO Of IBM via
Thanks for the follow Bros!
I love history
5.
no.
i never will
well it is pretty much the best soup and soup is also my favorite food.
thanks for everything Kevin!
Cher has accepted Chaz Bono's transsexual status  but what about his weight problem?
Old lady lol
I got passing tests out the wazoo.
Talk about feedback.
Forget you , gives me the feedback I crave :
Thank you Tyra!
You're an amazing teamtallgirl.
Love you!
How the fuck can anyone stand watching the red carpet?
I think America has officially ran out of problems when we glorify rich fucks.
Great job Ray.
Not putting up with BeeRad's crap any longer.
Hey Coach, sadly won't make class today : Got a ton of dental work and now I can't eat  zero energy to exercise.
So frustrating!
leaves room, going down to kitchen.
Pulling sweater tight around me.
hello?
Is.....anyone here?
Do you really see yourself...I mean REALLY see yourself.
When is the last time you had an epiphany about WHY you are who you are?
MT : Just saw the space shuttle Discovery fly by!
I love DC!!
That is awesome!!
Babies are great but a lot of work too : I have two boys...
They are freakin crazy!
....it's not easy when U R not 'geographically accessible' I will keep on, I know it can b done.
glad I'm the person people decide to doctornk text.
we have the best conversations lol
Soundscape of dml2012: waves of keystrokes structured by tweet deck chirps, punctuated by iPhone morse code text alarms.
is the Incredible Hulk of the Archives Justice League
Put ur thumb in ur butt now.....and stop texting .....ur weird i dont even know u....
Stream with us!
We are the REAL mobile streaming providers!
No other company can deliver in 1step!
Contact us to learn the FACTS!
hey Auntie how your day been??
I have a important question can you DM me pretty please :
Spoiled rotten with a/c all summer.
Visiting family without.
Makes even grading a sweaty mess...
Feeling incredibly overjoyed at this new buzz cut.
A shaved head is a happy head.
I understand times are hard which is why I decided to include special prices for College Students for Virus Removal, Data Recovery,...
Looking 4 sign wavers 4 a promo in North Highlands, CA on March 5th6th.
Contact .
lol scream isn't suppose to be scary, it's suppose to be Funny :
oh, wow...
That's gorgeous.
I like to chase after my women lmao
Anyone have an Avant Guild login over at Media Bistro?
Mine expired and there's an article I'd like to read.
i meant more like i dont understand why he could have ever had a diffrent opinion
Am I a robot?
Yes, affirmative.
0111001001101111011000100110111100100000011000100110111101101111011001110110100101100101
I voted
We know the feeling all too well...
Immediately after waking up I was ready for a nap.
Glad you had fun.
Thanks for making it out!
: I've been everywhere looking for someone.
same here
Scotland Is Trying To Raise 80 Million To Stop A Famous Painting From Being Sold Abroad via
Tweet damnit...tweet!
Fondly remembering Super Bowl XLII today.
Hey remember when tried to riot when the Pats lost?
Your so mean to me :' I hate that!!!
We can never talk cuz you have to say something that hurts me!
: /3
dude, that Anthony Evans can saaaaannnng!
Wow, thanks for the knowledge!
Thanks for the love!
Outside Exeunt towers the bailiffs circle like sharks, while N scrawls the slogan graduate sans futures onto a value tin of tuna.
FYI  Summerfest is 67 days away.

thanks so much for following!
: Homeopathy does not need science.
That makes no sense..
hi niall!
how are you?
i bought up all night and i'm loving it so much : xx
I'll make suggestions but  what do you usually keep in the fridge?
Louis Vermeil The prime purpose of eloquence is to keep other people from talking.
Just got an instant upgrade to the VIP suite at Big Dance
Fuck you Carissa.
I sweat balls on your bed.
i mean i thought you asked me if i was high and i was like wtf why would a random person ask me that haha its fine dont trip
ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Gary Williams' recruiting classes
Welcome doctor Kanyoro.
We are thrilled to have your leadership in Women's Funds!
We'll be adding a download to Kindle, iPod and phone feature to ReadPrint.com soon.
Until then the online library's open :
Cool, have fun!
aww i miss talking to you too!
Those flavors make me think of something else, aww.
:D LOL!
: m making me think of ice cream with those flavors
Gonna watch a scary movie with and
Yep, trash can with a lid.
If you fold up the diaper within itself velcro it up tight, it won't be too vile.
Hate stuck up people, everyone's equal.
Get the fuck over yourself's.
When you're not working, let go of your work completely and enjoy your personal time.
Honestly.
I'm glad the Rock won.
Officially submitted the first Zimbo Film The Little White Bird to the Four Walls Film Festival presentation of Women in Shorts in LA.
omg thats so sad follow?
reply?
Bahaha.
Oh you have a new handle.
Me gusta.
Slash I always picture Snow White now.
Lol
The only B word a woman should be called, is beautiful.
Bitches love being called beautiful.
I love That Song 
ice Or a side of OJ.
Maybe some cran.
Depends what night of the week it is!
cirocpeach
Ping me if you want some reviews :
Now you're just somebody that I used to know 
big good luck cheers!!!
Stop by The Echo before the Badgers vs.
Hoosiers game at the Kohl Center.
We have .75 off of all doctornks til 8  1 tacos for you tonight!
ogw Need convo here on standardized data structures across jurisdictations, a la Google transit.
I won't disagree with you, but I believe most people are judging it as a cinematic masterpiece.
Give them 2 votes, then what?
Just getting on the sticks now.
2nd set coming up!
Hour of doctornkspecials left herbiehancock watermelonman coming up too!
politicsnation is mnsbc off the air?
aint heard from u in a while
Hear what OR labor comissioner running for congress Brad Avakian is saying about paying taxes way late.
what it may mean for his run.
At 6.
Thanks and for following!
I haven't gone on mw3 yet today
.
Rudy doesn't know that Rudy isn't the Mayor anymore.
Thankful the Temps can sing; their costumes are an assault to the eyes.
Yuk.
I'm shockedthe Bushera generals Obama decided to keep around for 3 years don't want to end the war.
Perhaps that has been the problem.
Ya'll boys keep grindin'!
Hit me up for the collabo!
it looks like is obsessed with you!
You ever see the movie The Crush?
Carazy
All the time.my moms like.oh this has less calories.oh thats some exercise.STUPID BITCH I DONT FUCKING CARE SHUT UP.
Though you said I could be your answer, nothing lasts forever,no matter how it feels today
WELL YOU ARE A SEXUAL....DUH
Just took out my keys to swipe at the metrocard turnstile.
MT : Year of the Woman: How a generational shift in feminism is setting the agenda for American women...
yuh mad bro?
please follow she is a belieber!!!
and is super nice!!!
3
gotta look with your eyes life seems fine but look twice its a LIE what happened life isn't the same...
My opinion :'
Wondering what today a bring
Girls Scouts celebrate 100 years of sisterhood
Kathy Nickolaus has to figure out how many votes she needs before she reports Waukesha County numbers
What's that old doctor Seuss saying?
Because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind?
Excited to try and win some Opening Day tickets this afternoon from
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody
well in the mood to workout, so ya.
My old garage band had a song called Signal 30.
OMG I tried befor didnt work, but its not like I dont like her song.
so.
TY!
have a joyful weekend!
:
i'll take them
It's so nice!
My rooms covered with posters of you;
arugula salad with avocado
i just spit water all over my screen Kathy hahaha xxo
Thanks Rob  Sounds cool!
: Pls email us at and let's chat if you're interested in getting involved!
Ha!
I'm actually going to WS ES at 7am now.
I'll swing by Everyday after.
Will you guys have Flaming Lips, Gorillaz or DFA79?
Justice for MJ..
The family and fans have been waiting for this for a long time.
Conrad you are going to pay for the pain you have caused.
Oh it's on now Mike!
SI wont give up the mayorship of my local Pho place without a fight till the death ;
foursquare As I've seen it used, mostly 2, but could be 1 if done right and 3 if really overdone
I'm in BEAST MODE this morning!
ha,ha...MuchoImportamte indeed
Have a great weekend.And Happy Mothers Day to all moms.
No, it doesn't.
It's funny that they are both out at the same time.
MarryTheNight on the radio as i tweet :D
I wish I could have your hair!
you're pretty awesome yourself man
s/o to all my new followers, i fucks with yall.support this TeamTGuy movement and rock witcha boy!
Happy Monday!
How are you all?
Did you fit SUBWAY in to your weekend at all?
Don't hold your breath.
'Cause tonight will be the night that I will fall for you, over again.
Really intrigued by lazy consensus post.
Thinking about it for practice and also development of projects here at BGC
wow really?
i defended u at skol so u shud follow me that is so stupid :P
would love to speak with you about potential features via our networks.
email me at
What is everyone up to today?
fuck ya both
...why don't cable companies make better ad campaigns...
the best part about retweeting me are all the people that start talking shit to me, hahaha.
Protect your happiness.
Protect your peace.
storm king/mockingbird/lady beast at the rockroom in polish hill right now.
Lady Gaga has outdone herself YET AGAIN with the Telephone video!!!
OMG it's incredible!!!
TOMORROW!
Lots to be done between now and then.
no guilt, whatsoever!
Had fun on my birthday yesterday
please follow me cathy!33
LookAtMeNow oh Look at me now Im getting paper.:
Want better quality answers?
Then ask better quality questions!
99 Invisible for sure
Who?
RT : Quell and her aunt too geeked up over here lol
Adam I miss you too!
Amazing Lutyens interiors at Marshcourt given new life by !
Leadership is about relationships  your relationship with yourself, and learning to move forward in a conscious relationship with others.
Wow the Ravens were pounded!
I forgot he follows me on twitter now blahahaha
you don't got ta lie
hope so!
We should talk soon!
What the fuck is YOLO!?
And can I smoke it?
Doing a meet after not running for a week is torture
Finally have an Avid gig.
It's a night AE job, but it'll give me a chance to brush up on media composer.
Thanks for following, Brian.
Top Christmas tree producers are California, Oregon, Michigan, Washington, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
Exit Twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Twitter
we live in an equal society so yes.
And that does'nt mean just in the bedoctorom either.
must be nice!!
Jason Yurcic slam is starting to be coopted by capitalism and thus watered down, taken away from the back alley warrior,
I hope people will have kindness in their heart and come out to see us wed.
The 22nd at Comet Tavern.
It's our first show with new doctormmer!
Crawford and Mike Smith are putting on a goaltending clinic.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
George Carlin
Going to a hokey game tomorrow :
Education spending should be the LAST thing on the cutting block.
Churches are afraid of schools stealing their community power.
I think about you and roll my eyes.
I tried posting a review a day ago...I will put one up though.
Look forward to reading more of your work...
ANHC Pro meet with a tax expert on Aug 29 to discuss salon, stylist, and barber tax issues.
What tax questions or issues do you have?
Good morning Los Angeles:
it is!
He is well fed and oh so sleepy : xoxo
Thanks!
Yeah, I can't sleep without a fan when it's this hot
FF Thanks for the
Finally sat down to read your Taking chances.
Lovely!
K CUTE
30 OFF OF CLASSES WITH A FREE 18 FOUNDATION PALLET AND 8 PIECE BLUSH SET!
PLEASE CONTACT THE STUDIO AT 2484775548
We are one world.
And our home, is Earth.
Get it through your thick skull.
may have the best man cave I have ever seen.
Six TV's?
Well played sir.
The first sight I see as I walk onto the backside...a horse having its loins washed.
It truly is their world here.
Nice...why not 700?
Another VOLLEYBALL GAME on saturday!!!
Yay !
!
!
:
Wish me luck.
This coming week is going to be a real challenge
Mindstate of a winner
Oomf So Called Wants To Mess With Me But Never Calls Me
The amazing thing about working in staffing is knowing that every move you make is for the good of someone else's career.
Tomorrow is the big day.
We're super excited so many of you are coming.
It's looking like a great day!
See you at
I'm sick of the universe telling me what to do!
Yes, I asked for a sign on what to do, but 3 signs in the last 2 days?
What??
Crack!!
Or, they may as well be.
Those, and Pringles.
Lunchtime..chatting w/3 diff ppl.
Thank God I can type fast.
Prob is..one of them is Japanese..can't translate that fast
BAHAHA!
RT In 13 States, Trump and Romney shaking hands breaks sodomy laws.
You know, where pricks can't touch assholes.
Be optimistic.
Have faith  trust in God,  speak positive things over your life.
Confess your success and God will bless you...
What EE version?
Way better.
I know time is the ultimate leveling field.
But god damn  shit is amazing.
People are amazing.
And I get to know that.
I hope so, since I am a Dallas Fan..lol
Did I really fuck up by not getting the foams?
Def had a chance to cop for retail..
Passed..
Should u shoot myself ?
Knock Knock.
Who's there!
Boo!
Boo who?
Just Boo!
I'm a ghost!
of course.
cuz no one cares.
you will love Adam in Florida's new not thriller novel Python by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
thank you for helping to EndChildSexualAbuse!
You're a true leader!
I admit that the exchange made me feel silly about being frustrated about so many little things.
Thank you wise NYC sidewalk dancer!
Great topic choice!
Even technologists don't understand the value of
oh it means I whore myself out to do infosec work  too scrawny for that full contact stuff.
Disappointed with my Heritage box, only 1 refractor, 1 jersey and only 3 Brewers cards!!
Nice looking set though
one ?
asked for what kind of content, I suggested livestreams, maybe interviews on vimeo
I am playing WWE '12, I completely forgot how addicting those games can be!
Here's to the week ahead everyone!!
Lots to get done!!
Watching the original Frankenstein with my daughter.
Gotta love October!
Integrating is such a pleasure.
This was a frustrating day for me.
On a positive note  we pulled the trigger and booked our trip.
We're going to Disney World!
rawwrrrrr...you have no idea!!!
F YOU TOO !
Kevenge fever sweeping America.
Talked about it in the clinic today.
TANNING SPECIALS TODAY Buy 5 INSTANT TANS for 69 or 10 for 125!
Buy a 5pack of UVTANS and get 2 FREE!
ALL MEMBERSHIPS on sale too!
Want to know how to build a relationship with your Member of Congress?
Join for Advocacy 101 going on now.
I Am What I Am and that is being a Belieber, Directioner, Selenator, Lovatic, Mahomie, and Walien.
Forever and Always 3
Thank You So Much Love3 And When The yAre On the Showe We Know We Made It Possible3
Damn that instantly put me in a bad mood.
That WISCIV story made me laugh aloud!
Hilarious!
My baby knocked out beside me sleeping beauty .....
Hi Miss ya!
Awesome night at Badgers seasonending party.
Great to see all the supporters and hear from Matt Lepay, Coach Ryan, Jordan Taylor, etc.
thank you.
Had a big day for us yesterday thanks to it.
lets go Yankees!
So proud to be a Yankees fan!
did a fret say her team aguh lose
Because Les Mis is one of my favorite things ever and a it's a movie now.
One day I'll post videos of me in Les Mis.
Yikes!
: The one on the left is an SG.
What about the one on the right?
One thing I really hate is people being fake!
immediately : How soon after a good date should you ask for another one?
Got to skip this morning and go to breakfast with my daddy.
3
So depressing looking outside and not seeing the sun.
BLAh
I would be curious to see Lyon's quote/citation from Burke about this alleged end game.
Will ask her about that at dinner.
Our Dermalogica AgeSmart facial treatment is half off until March!
Visit our salon  get glowing!
that may call for a spotify playlist...
AskRomney Does anybody call you by your real first name  Willard?
Would you answer if they did?
And Pedoctor were together..
Quit talking about me I'm done with this but u can keep tweeting about me all night I won't lose any sleep
New hats are in!!!
Feels good to have so many new designs!
Call me Imelda!
No longer need to rely on wife's DSW coupons.
They are sending me my own!
hooray for unrequested paper extension!
My Wednesday night was just unruined!
Crazy tech.
Been up for more than 24 hrs, I need a bed, any bed, preferably a woman's.
Desperate Housewives is over.
It's really over omg :' I just wanted them all to live there forever okay
Not all scars show.
Not all wounds heal.
Sometimes, you can't always see the pain someone feels.
That's the spirit!
All of the spring and summer styles are so wonderful we just can't wait to wear them!
Ooh, and nice icon  applejacks stays for me....
:
That was awesome
you should check out ?
At the very least watch their commercial, made by the indomitable, though lonely, Sandwich.
Wow, that was embarrassing.
Our signup page was down for the last 18 hours.
If you tried to sign up and it failed, try again!
dev
A Malaysian woman saved her husband from being MAULED by a tiger by beating it with a soup SPOON
Finished my Color Theory Class!
Final grade is a B!
BANG!
The world can't end tomorrow.
I don't want the world to end!
The articles make it looks so real.
I hope it's not real.
nun coolin it waiting on some action
captainin America slinged the hell outta that shield!!!
Well the cubs won but Wrigley was really cool.
Time for Rammstein!
Bracckin HaLf whats wrong with Nick ??
hii Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?
We picked a pretty great Brewers game for our first of the season!
snowmaggedon?
i love it when nature puts a bitchslap on humans and modern living...who's the El Jeffe???
I kept waiting for a hula version of Bad Romance, but alas, it never came.
love ya buddy.
if we dont die in this zombie apocalypse, i hope to see ya again soon!
xo
NAME THE LYRICS: if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke I'd never have no motherfuckin indo to smoke
Never criticize each other in front of your kids.
Kiss and hug instead.
They might say its disgusting.
Ignore it.
Aight good luck...hit me later RT : Ok.
2 hour nap.
Adderall.
Study.
Exam.
Thanks Beth, we agree, if you make it, you know what is in it
Preparing for a show.
So many things to remember.
Anything I may have forgotten?
Anyone have a list?
I would love to compare.
Thanks:
Ah...Finally the rainy season in Florida has begun.
Apparently my plants need water to survive.
Today is the last day to tell us how ABQuirky you are!
Just Tweet and ABQuirky for a chance to win a 100 Visa Gift Card!
Glad they slowed down for a minute!
: If the presses ever stop running we'll see you there!
Spending this sunday with family n people that luv me n glad to be feeling better this is new for me but God has a plan have a blessed day
no need to responsibility in me I'm ok.
Do what you want to do!
No one forced you!
everyone in the class has said that.
Lol.
Who  what do you want to become?
We leave a legacy every day of our lives, not just when we die.
Are you taking the actions, everyday?
haha but don't u think he wud tell u if he was mad at us?
they are gunna be yours, deadass best looking fucking kids ...because of me
My coach told me he doesn't eat pizza.
Something's definitely wrong with him
AH CANT WAIT TILL SATURDAY!!!
3
Met Director Tim Cambell is in L.A.
doing a TED Talk.
That's what everyone is reporting.
Gunshot to the chest.
Shoutout To My Wonderful New Followers 
Feeling is mutual..
I can't believe I am not able to come to BlogHer :
Omg !
In summer I will got the new ipad 3 !!
Yaaay :D
hey did you add any new entries in your seduction blog yet?
I Tebow before meals and bedtime, and even on Sundays.
Especially on Sundays.
MT : Coming soon: , a site to collect  preserve the history of OWS  Occupy movements.
Help us build the collection!
Blizzard conditions require doctorstic measures...homemade chocolate chip cookies and chicken stew
S/O to  You cant name another group of youngins hotter than FYB Much Love Bros
oh haha sorry
is Beautiful:
I know!
I move away and Alabama goes to shit.
I have to work til 5:30 today.
Any chance you'll be open after 6pm?
Or will I need to wait until next wkend?
Mark your calendars: this Saturday, October 1, Roger will sign his memoir, Life Itself, at the Newberry Library in Chicago!
Watching these backyardigans with my son that he seems to love
just went in on much respect to Stephen A handling it like a gentleman instead of a bitter entitled athlete.
true but your so beautiful I can even imagennnnn a dude going u dirty!!
know any good clip bloggers to follow for this series
What do you do when you run out of ideas?
Surprise!
Is your grandma dead?
you should write a book...oh wait.
You are...just make sure my chapter is en espanol
....
so im up watchin' qet rich or die tryin'
I got you  RT : Waiting on to hit me back.
It's funny how insecure she is I can't even post a RT without her buggin out lol well anyway still grindin it out
eat a spoonful of penutbutterr!
there its iss lets goo
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad, and thank you My heavenly Father for everything you do and thank you Dear Father for your Love and Life.
DAVE 2 Davidson
i can't wait.
Can't believe it's almost 8 
The football team has to go with infrared for the opener against ky at papa johns!
Place would go crazy!
....gotta
It seems I only ever go to my local Walgreens to purchase cookies.
you're cool:
First day of high school I almost was late cuz I got lost 
I had often fantasized about running into my ex and his wife.
But in those fantasies, I was running over them with a truck  Sex and the Cit
I can't agree more!
Xo
Team is excited to meet  all the other gorgeous girls!
I really enjoy your blogs, You reference Soren Baker in one.I'm trying to contact him?He did a great bio work w/ us before.
Yeah..
it's the 3 Shells app.
Dont worry when im a teacher ill do it right!
Just Got Finish Eating Some CarryOut
Bard's pitch actually just disappeared
can you check out www.youtube.come/SashMarie97 please?
I'm going to post more videos soon :
He is...
sort of.
Not in contention to start this year, but should get some action to learn on the job as it were.
Cold AGAIN today!
Not enjoying this weather turn at all!
As we strive to improve for 2012, we would love to know how you think we can improve!
Getting my Fregosi on
...
you're kidding ?
HapPy MoNdAy to everybody in the universelet's do it again!
Stu Schweigert intercepted leads the Nighthawks to the 32.
Enjoy your weekend!
RT thanks for ff!
You better be coming today.
:P
i tried it on my son's iphone 4, and it did the same thing
Guna go find a Midi Keyboard today
Guess what is coming to Rochester in Jan.
Every Wednesday.
America's BIG GUNS of team trivia.
Geeks Who doctornk!
www.geekswhodoctornk.com
there wasn't even a mark lmao
AND my tummy hurts from to much cake.
I wanna go to LA
You don't know how i glad i am to see you say that x how come you're so fond of new york?
:o
The paste  go function in Firefox is a recently discovered miracle that makes my life 10000x better.
omg alicia lol !!!!!
you totally get it :
k that's what i thought LOL it took me an hour to find that fndskjfns
Hey I just met you and your ugly, so here my roommates number call him daily
Any DJ's out there?
What are you using these days?
Serato, CD's, Virtual DJ, Traktor?
We ova here viben celebrating RR Birthday Bash.......
your wearing your bracelet i got you!!!
im glad you liked it!
People on the southport side of town took crazy pills today.
contact us at our webstore or email addoctorss to get a pair of guie handmade fairtrade shoes!
only 65!
1/2 price sushi  doctornks is still available until 6pm!
See you there
URGENT!
Need a room ASAP for rent in LA in the 450550 range, no more than 30 min from Northridge.
I'm up here now man
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets
Trying to get the real story on what happened to tiger.
August is a shitty month for art...
About to audition at
If you are in Forney take shelter right now.
Tornadic activity on radar.
Just got back from 24hour fitness with mom and brothers, took the coldest shower and now getting ready to k.o.
Goodnight !
:
a true libra!
Ok I'm gonna study now.
5 hours later Ok I'm gonna study now.
they cant have my brand I have special eyes..haha just came on and I thouht of u
I hear somebody made a trade in the siriusxmfantasy hosts league involving Albert Pujols?!
WHY JEFF WHY??
And we head into our THIRD 10 of 12 for 1776 at Ford's Theatre.
As Congressional Custodian would say, Sweet Jesus!
read that article, too, it's a good'en
oh alright just gonna air me on twitter?
Damn cole world.
Depends on product/audience.
For one client a positive spotlight on ABCWorldNews didn't yield as much sales as online promos.
MJ doesn't pay his debts!?
I'm shocked someone with a hitler 'stache wouldn't be trustworthy.
Did we miss each other last week?
Definitely still hope to see you in the store and say hello.
please?
MT I'd love to see your popcultureified version of Arya's death list, if that'd be a thing.
Last paper of the semester has been officially submitted.
WOO
AA's wife is convinced I should have stuck with american history/constitutional law  wants to speak to my mother
hello, text me?
Question in paper today: 'What books would you recommend for a men's book club?' Do men  women really enjoy doctorstically different books?
it looks pretty awesome : an indie film about a young couple who have a problem with ghosts.
It's supposed to be super scary!
: I will beat you mate no chance mate..
USA USA USA!
Good joke by Doug Collins in his presser!
Haha I would have told Chael Sonnen to go fuck him self!
Still stuck  DFW?
Am in line at same.
Might get stuck together : Have spare room if we do and you need
both??
And some mean green?:
its just a hobby.
That's all
Merry Christmas everybody:
Bikini Body in 45 minutes or less.
Mention this tweet and receive 15.00 off on your ultimate applicator.
7136230866.
Heading home from postrowing XYZ outing, listening to Skinny Puppy on WJCU.
RT Pool is still pretty damn cold...
But that's what doctornks are for right?
We couldn't agree more!
Listening to makes my day : 
Getting ready for our childhood cancer awareness walk in September, stay tuned for details!
3300 KFC franchises in China and one being added every day.
I see the governments strategy.
Heart disease and obesity and fatties in China.
At The National concert.
Watching people grind on each other during ''Fake Empire''...?
Had an awesome chat with about artists who are awseome tweeters such as
eminem the rapper?
I'm yours by jason misterz is so calming.
3 it.
Oprah told Lisa Ling, Now that you know, you can't act like you don't know.
Wow!
Feel great and doctornk coffee !Healthy coffee for 11.50 a cup!
www.energyconnection.organogold.com!
Check this out,you wont regret it!
its what us thugs do
Lames.
Can't hang around them
I was suppose to go to the history department..
but its raining hard..
I did bitch but u need to go fuck urself and leave my sexy boys alone YOYO
My head is pounding.
following you bruh..
give ya boy J Notez a follow back
So peeved that da Bears passed on Boling from UGA to take a safety.
I know our secondary needs help, but the o line is doctoradful.
Vintage Veronica book launch party was at and they carried the book
nope, everything is fine as far as I can tell.
Today at screamtour this girl was about to vomit and she was right next to me I was soo sacred she was gonna puke on me lol
Playing in Tampa at The Orpheum tonight.
Come get loose!
new parent account features r such a disappointment, pls reconsider studentteacherparent communication is vital!
Long Live Gritty!!!
Secret to a good Mitt Romney impression: Start with Jack Lemmon, gradually reduce charm
I get the feeling that Machop, Machoke and Machamp would be very popular with bros.
BREAKING  Plane crash near Longmont airport
One of the best parts of txla12 in Houston?
50 discount at Starbucks for City of Houston employees!
Not particularly surprised  there is so much research out there!
We're doing our best to push out the great science here.
OMFG STERLING KNIGHT FRPM STARSTRUK AND SONNY WITH A CHANCE IS GONNA BE AT OUR MALL HOLY CRAP!!!!!!
CNT WAIT TO GO!!!
If you've used Adobe Premiere or Sony Vegas, then you know going to iMovie is a productivitysucking disaster
do you know how long before they reopen that exit to downtown tacoma?
I'm not calling you a liar, Just don't lie to me.
where to start?!
hey, Mickey!, anything by tears for fears or Duran Duran, just can't enough by depechemode...
Headed MILvNYM chez Field that Bailout built YoGa vs.
Batista get at us et al, hope to see Greinke mow tmw too, Go Brewers yadigg
Thank you!
You're too sweet.
Please excuse my french but umm...
highlight of the Red Sox season is a bunch of almost dead explayers coming back to wave and shit
working in Bangkok, Thailand in April!
Excited!
Pics of Bangkok look amazing.
Hotel w sick pool, Thai food everywhere...
AHH.
I deff already tweeted you back.
There is a season for everything, God has a purpose today for whatever season you are in in your life, and it is to prosper you.
for sure.
BBM rules the world.
Push email, so quick to send and write.
Mine was indestructible.
Loved it.
Sweet!
I convinced our image migration project team to seriously consider Islandora.
Home Depot To Correct Misleading Link Request
With my tour, I got 2 free adult passes good for TODAY only but I'm a member.
If U want them hit me up
Loved new episode of khloeandlamar they are too cute
New Caps Catalog going to press!
Now we sip champagne when we're thirsty.
Some people bio's sound so stupid
Poor College Students...Why are you so poor?
doctorpkick Murphys are  The Brighton Music Hall tonight.
Get your tix while they last.
I was truly inspired by the MJ service today...what I already knew about his life and what I learned.
Thank You MJ
: Sit down, 17!
I'm trying to watch the game!
AJ Ellis has the power to turn Friends into enemies
Rick Steves is here.
Rick Steves is amongst us.
He is here.
And then I found two dollars but really I did...
we've got ourselves another 'Wire' convert.
Let's welcome to the club.
I wanna watch workaholics :
talking to in biology!
on the road again!
so excited to play another show.
DemonicDerek Thanks to all my followers ill follow you back!!
ugh!!!
Lol he can't even create his own shot let alone have a decent jumper....plus he's undersized for a sf
I took a Social Media break  the noise was just getting to be too much.
I am wonderful!
You?
What will 2012 bring I wonder......
Congrats to Dirk  The Mavs For Doin Work Tonight.
Hoops Junkies Love to See TEAMS, Beat Stars.
not seeing my name on here.
Can we revise our brackets after tonight?
LOL
Opprobrium will find its suitors.
thanks for the RTs!
Very much appreciated!
Help keep doctorw out of jail...
at least for a few more months RT: I don't want to go to jail.
oh okay
...I guess that just means its time to hit the bike  treadmill.
Happy mamma's day!!!
Trying hard to break my cabit.
Which means walking in the rain sans umbrella.
When you think of your fav Tshirt, what word comes to mind?
Looking for a .NET centric SOA Architect for the South Florida area.
Donna Frisby Greenwood from funds new media to make informed  engaged communities.
Funded youth media in Philly schools.
You know you are old when half the people on your ipod are dead
agreed.
It can be brutal!
It's same as when nice people are aholes behind the wheel...no one can see
EXACTLY.
Oh my fucking gosh, fashion industry interns are ABUSED to the point of horror.
Don't stop, no matter what.
Don't quit, no matter why!
and I will see you on the other side of Talented  Broke!
DJohnson TB
Giving up isn't an option!
RT If we become cynical and hopeless , the regressive forces win.
They'd like nothing better.
I never thought I'd like the gym as much as I do...they have mirrors everywhere.
I'm one narcissistic fuck.
If and ever made music together.
Oh my god.
I could die happy.
bitches they come, they go.
saturday thru sunday monday, monday thru sunday yoo.
Absolutely ludicrous that Lucic got tossed tonight.
In other news...how many Montreal fans have made 911 calls in the past half hour?
Just scared off some punks trying to steal a bike by yelling hey, made me feel tough
oh well enjoy the show!
You are: My sugar rush, my cocaine bliss, my illegal high, my perfect kiss.
You're an addiction that I always fail to resist.
Nice!
Hopefully we can sweep this double header!!
Im thinking we hit up a clippers next week..
they are home most of the week
is scanning doctorgstore ads from 1884.
Oh.
Fuck it.
Thoughts on themeforest for wordpress?
advises it's the way to go for photography.
Opinions on specific themes?
Please tell.
For sure QB 1, next pk depends on whos left..I'd go best avail RB/WR.
Best of luck
hey see you at the after party?
I'm still thinking about that contest I suggested yetserday...
I might have it....
hm....
: Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
I'm more excited to see the cool secret service guys.
Im so hurt right now, im just gonna go for a long walk.
Fuck this dance.
They're already attacking Romney's wife.
So much for being prowoman...
im crying right now, so proud of .333 :
To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.
It's gorgeous outside.
Join us on the sunny patio this afternoon for Happy Hour!
Coffee 1st became trendy in Arabia during the 13th century.
RT : And we are live!
Http://www.igniteboulder.com/live !!!
I'm thinking that my classroom incentive system will hinge on a digital currency, likely with the borrowed name bitcoins.
Thoughts?
Yay!
Glad you enjoyed it!!
and are looking and SOUNDING amazing this afternoon
Some of the best lessons we ever learn we learn from our mistakes and failures.
The error of the past is the wisdom of the future
im waitin door is open!
of fathers really want to see their kids the momma is blocking...take it to court to show how serious you are
thanks for all your support, darling!
you're the best.
:
I hate when I'm on the train and my phone is being slow :
hell yeah.
Andoctorns paying for me so hit him up
Agreed!
Nothing makes me dump a site like poorly written
Well, I find myself flipping between the redwings and grammys.
Both are hard to resist tonight.
Hey i know you love us so much you know how i can tell your crepe ;
I hate annoying people!!!!
Sometimes it's hard to accept the fact you're not made for something.
i don't even know what that means.
lol
i need some new somgs on my ipod!!!!
got 543 songs but bored with all of them.
any suggestions???
:
as of today has 5,000 followers; if you're not there yet and are a trainer/teacher/learner, check out their offerings
Just a reminder if you have 6 or more people and would like a FREE bottled/table at Cream Monday Night please text/call 602.348.1722.
True.
But at least it wasn't embarrassing.
Spray tans are never the answer ..
I'm orange and smell .
So why are you up late working you crazy musician you?
Too true : you are the lamest person with whom I've ever came in.contact.
EVER.
Oh my god, do I love Heartbreak Ridge.
Haha, Clint Eastwood's amazing.
don't give the  the satisfaction REECOOON!
Listening to Will Allen talk about fixing the worst food in citiesin schools  hospitals.
Hey did you guys take down the pictures of the posters that had been vandalized?
still only one play
Pregaming with
We'll be meeting this Sunday at Fountain of Life  on the corner of Beulah Church Rd and Delightful Way :
I am trying to order a new i phone via ur ATT Upgrader I am getting an error where it is repeatedly asking me for my 
The food doctorve to benefit the Rainier Valley Food bank continues for one more night  bring your cans down!
pwning me last minute
i think i am going delirious ahhaa
please pretty please follow me and add me on oovoo if you have one...
I don't get why you have to take your anger out on me 
Love when my body hits auto pilot...
Beautiful morning in London!
Considering not returning to wales anytime soon!
Lol I'm just not really into this site yet
and Eisen...smug bastard.
Vin Scully should be the announcer for the Dodgers until he turns 150 y.o.!
yup got to live for the boys.
now wish i would not have backed out of the cruise.
ill b fine by then.
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed Resident Weed
I'm gonna smile, not just because I deserve to, because I have God in my life .
Had an eventful night, mad fun, have some great memories.
2morrow is a much needed half day of rest, then get back into the grind of things.
lol bro the games are played for a reason.
Can't say OKC will win when no one really knows
they can get handouts, but screw people on unemployment, welfare, Medicare, pell grants etc.
...it's sickening.
not in the Midwest ...
Bring the whole family!
Yes, indeed!
The Aztec dancers are fierce this year.
Yeah survives The wretched Damien.
BreakoutKings Bring her back for Season 3
Hiccups for 10 mins straight D: 
Act Quickly on Opportunities: To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.
Benjamin Franklin
no way!
Omg ;D
I just love how my softball team can make me feel better in just one practice 3
haha yeah, these were for sale.
I know what ones you're talking about.
Heading to the game tonight.
Let's do this!
Why'd the post office so crowded!?
Yep, I'm working the grandstands.
And I have a training at 2:30 on Sunday to learn what to do
it's going to be OK.
because you are awesome.
Watching the cats play!
you told me to come here to read this?
Poop you!!!
yeah I got you if I'm coming I gotta see if can doctorve downtown cause I refuse to take cta for pizza lol
i will fight u lets do this...wait r we fighting naked?
if not deals off lol
hataz gonna hate
I'll be with my cuzzo in the West Village
Ever have a to do list that makes you want to go crawl into bed  pull the covers over your head ?
hahaha o girl.
i see you, i see you.
i have to be at school in less than 2 hours..
Been craving coconut shrimp tacos for weeks hopefully they aren't sold out again
Andy's Jazz Jam Session: Tonite  9pm  11 E Hubbard, Musicians Free, Vocalists Welcome.
10 Gen.
Admission.
HOpe to CU There.
AA, one of the primary gram negative anaerobic bacteria associated with gum disease, accelerates atherosclerosis through LDL Oxidation
If not, I am FREE Wednesday!!!
Con't ...
It is still painfully bad.
I made the mistake of sitting threw another installment and I was so sad at the end...
the haters who continue to slam the 85 yo woman for her olive garden review are heartless losers.
let the woman have her opinion.
Just found out that Beyoncé's wedding ring was 5 million...
Well done Jay, well done.
check your DMs from me Sabrina
it's very important
Free Fuel Friday  5pm codeword today: MOM  Steve
candide!
I love it :
The book is realistic.
It's not amatuerish, nor does it seek sympathy.
Anne Meek, Cultural Alliance of Greater Hampton Roads
did you figure it out yourself or do you have ppl?
finally about to dig in to MNWAM ...
lookin forward to the experience
Sorry.
The doctorft I watch isn't until June.
And it lasts 3 days.
And has 50 rounds.
And I'll be announcing the picks some day.
Council hears financial and investment reports from Board Treasurer Nancy J.
Vickers and Director of Finance Lawrence R.
Wirth.
I get really pissed when I find hair in my food
thanks girl and lol still home aha :
I am so sorry Kathleen.
My heart goes out to you and your families.
how did word processing change author's attitudes toward writing?
ballofsunshine that's how I feel right now knowing I've had my ticket for months now :
Decided to give it a test run.
Was at a dinner last week w/a vertical of La Conseillante.
Awesome wine!
I'll be in Bordeaux soon but the châteaux is closed for renovation
Happy Birthday Jason!.
Anways Have A Fun Day!!!
The continuous changing of UNM passwords is messing me up
It's so easy, you'll wonder why you never fondued before!
:
of course.
whats he done about jobs for three years why does he care now election time he still wont do a dam thing
Thanks for retweeting my post about tomorrow's episode of Awake.
You are awesome!
hahahahah do people really ask that?
isn't it actually patios?
like just a dialect?
i didn't get a call!
did my presence for a few days get you into twitter and foursquare ?
Thanks Kev!
When are you coming back?
It's been a minute!
It is tacotuesday, after all.
FINALLY ITS FRIDAY!!!
RT/DM for any table or parties!
We'll take care of you!
Exciting weekend...Don't miss out!
Happy Friday friends!
Cookie dough ice cream on krispy kreme doughnuts breakfast of champions
double 0 negro needs his own account!
!!
Yep we all do!!
Fuck it not waisting time on the past SingleLife :
Adding interactive elements and transitions to our Facebook photo game.
Money I get paid
in home for sure
Are you ok?
RT : TY for a great online web meeting today!
Someone comes up to me at Kams and asks if I know
What is the next music revolution in USA?
I was talking about the cat, but I'LL PLAY ALONG.
c:
GATER'S FACE IS MY doctorG!
AUSTIN RIVERS
Ellerman on News Corp: Govt would have to argue that reporters acted to 'obtain business' when they bribed police officers for info.
my second period teacher is so annoying w/his ugly ass!
The most underrated band of all time is Silverstein, no debate
Will you be at the DAX show in Minneapolis next week to see us in J's booth 707?
hahahahaha just a little...
Good Night
Another happy hour I got talked into celebrating the nice weather!!!
Texas Fam Law Tip of the Day: If suddenly you could no longer communicate, do your loved ones have what they need to carry out your wishes?
Mom is back home from the hospital!
I think she is doing very well!
:
Thanx so much Dan for the support.
You rock big time!!!
Tonight I Can't Sleep , We Living In Hell !
I am always virtually there to help!
Jump then fall
I agree 100 percent.
The Internet boom and Enron debacle highlight why this doesn't work.
k but it's gota be a day I go an I will proudley get it haha just cuz u held me to it hahhahahahah:
happy to hear that, trak!
Ughh I can't choose!!:
If you eat too much comfort food, it's not comfort food anymore...
Almost 5pm here on the East!
which means the weekend starts soon!
anywhere hahaha : smiles and laughs
I'm loving these poems from Tupac's book The Rose That Grew From Concrete.
YoMommaSoFat she had to get baptised at sea world.
Fuccckkkk your opinion
yeah......anyways, sup Emma?
hope all is well.
Whit and I are glad to hear you made it Home.
Sorry we couldn't make it out to the SD clubs last night!
thanks for the Jameson
Did you even go in that photo booth last night?
Thank you!
You are clearly a Twitter expert!
: Derek Jeter is 33 tonight and is now hitting above .400.
He's also 37 years old.
that's my dude!
Wishing I was at Wrigley Field right now
come on dude, you know they were there to show off that strut she was doing.
in class  love our sub 
I sleep to wake and take my waking slow.
What to think when your gf retweets : I know that you really want somebody but baby Im somebody that dont really need you
I still Turn to You 
Wtf I'm still up for like I don't got shit to do in the morning!!!!!
Huh
To the Renn Faire!
And fun reads
Haha he sure did!
I wonder what the 2016 doctorft will bring?
;
It's gonna be in the 80s this weekend!
Who's as happy as I am!
death cab for cute  magic magic orchestra beautiful music!
Feeling groovy!
company credit cards are very helpful at times like this....
Hope you can make it!
Hope you're having a great week!
Thanks for sharing our posts, Paul!
Welcome back to twitter
If I told you that I Hate you, would you laugh, smile, stare, walk away?
Or would you simply say.
.
.
I Love you too.
Haha  must have zoned out :P
Monday MadnessToday only!
Get 50 off of any glass of wine with purchase of any food item...
Still doing Electrical work, but this plan B thing....
MUSIC!!!!
Just keeps POPPING even though it just fun for me :0/
WE HAVE BOYS TRUNK FIT IN NOW!!!!
STOP BEING A CREEP.
What a way to kill the conversation 
money on my mind, everyday.
that's all i want :
Spoke to soon...the place is only doing bottle service now nothanks.
The search continues..wouldn't mind a house party either.
love the way life goes when your focused...u will have to sacrafice some things...but go hard NOW , in the end, everyone will be happy
Yea I'm ridin dirty I ain't referring to hygiene
I have a fever  my throat hurts
Lester and Verlander combine for 13 pitches in the first inning..Wow!
Just gave the lady at smoothie king 10 and she gave me 13 back
Exposing factory farm prctics should go mainstream.
B great if we could put awful pictures on food like cigs.
Wish it never ended!
RT : is the only band that I go see that I get sad after because the show is over.
I love them.
i feel you..
keep it up tho, its gone pay off in tha long run
Looking for a walk off in the ninth
aight and thank you:
and the good ones are smart enough not to want the power :
Genius idea.
AllStar Real Housewives.
Take the craziest housewives from each show and put them on an island somewhere.
Life is too short not to live it to the fullest.
FACT OR MYTH?
A heart rate monitor is the most accurate way of letting you know how hard your body is working.
tobacco valeurs I believe
People say im a ban wagon becausd i was with the hornets with cp3 im with cp3 any were he even when he on the bobcats lol that too far
2nd time commanded 2 write mish's or servicemen, 2nd x to record impressions and be grateful, 3rd to not hold unrighteous dominion.
nonprofessorts will benefit a ton from this I believe!
pretty sure last night was my 2nd time getting sushi since I moved to New York in 2008.
ha!
My guess; everyone gets it but T Dog  and he gets a spin off next year  a zombie variety show with musical numbers :
or a novel!
U must have started reading 's book CrushIt that I gave you!
RT : , , guess who's back!?
Got copy of the script w/my scene with TerryKiser in BailOut.
So excited!!!
It's going to be good!
You have to watch it when it comes out!
Downtown Miami is all abuzz with a million cop cars and people protesting...
What could it be?!
I feel like a lobster right now 
Weekend is almost here....Any big plans??
Screaming Tuna SIN Mondays.
3, 4, 5 sushi rolls.
1/2 off select cocktails  beers.
Patio on the riverwalk.
for me it moves the school up in public perception..
and therefore enrollment...long term.
aw, thanks so much, Kelsey!
going 2 go to schlitterbahn today:
I miss basketball.
I been getting sleepy early.
Just Do It !
Enjoy the ride 
Yea man, legs to grow!
You good on the bench?
So...eating a half a bag of trail mix at 3:45am and then going to bed is totally okay, right guys?
Right?!
how long you going to be in Mexico City for?
You should meet up with my peoples:
How do you feel about curling?
hi I am a big fan!
can u please follow,RT, or reply to me but a follow would be the bst thing ever!
3 :
Romney doesn't like being quoted out of context as he was today about the very poor but that's exaxtly what he does to Obama in his ads
Which one of you homers said the Badgers were a final 8 team on Friday?
Does that make UNLV a final 4 team?
happy holidays love both u schmuckslmao!!!
U better be living it up!!!
Hump day, let's get over it!
this is basically the next chapter of ......we had a lineup change and had to change the name due to possible legal trouble
It's official.
Totally in love with Adam Schoenberg's music.
Bravo on his world premiere!
Employee Appreciation Wk is here!
Join us in Red Arrow Park for free lunch for the 1st 1,000 guests.
I'm sorry!!
Just made myself a yummy banana smoothie...!: Yeah buuddyyy...!
3
good morning to you!
So.
Damn.
Close.
There's like 2025 waitresses at this Applebee's right now and maybe only a handful of tables here.
Wish I could get paid to stand around.
Im going ta tha moon future fan
Im going to show you real physical pain for the emotions you brought up in me.
reports Church's Chicken to become the official greazy chicken partner of the Southwestern Athletic Conference
N seeing me!!
When u goin!?
RT : Florida is all Im lookin foward to this summer
That songs too fuckin trill
Sun is out but it's raining...
Ahh the tropics..
Man I'm sayin, y its so damn foggy out here.
Even wit the brights I can see ish
Duets TeamJennifer all the way!
Gotta Love the Best!
Happy Birthday Sis I Miss You !!!!
dear foot, please agree with me.
sincerely, i wanna play tonight.
it needs to be Thursday already!!!!!!!!
pointlesscelebrities Kardashians, lol if Kim didn't fuck Ray J  make a tape nobody would even know them!
If you were back in the TV biz  how would you do it?
powertweetball RT : they still show the live lottery doctorwings on TV?
you brought life back into my heart.
Be mine forever and ever
If I ever feel like I'm doing something I've done before, I scrap it and start over again.
Paul Newman
She's a FB allAmerican for sure!
Love her Ali updates though.
: My mom staaayyss on fbook now...pretty impressive actually
Thanks but at this time we are trying Flagship Merchants.
We may be able to use you in the future tho.
GWU, come to Pesto in GWJStreet to see what Chef Uotila from Finland is cooking up today
da you do.
you deserve it all.
Dinner at Harbor House on M Onday with was splendid.
Can't wait to come back
Just finished 3 days Art Modeling in Laguna Beach!
Like a minivacation with pay!
Tryin to take away a life, is you GOD muthafucka?
you're the best.
thanks!
:
My weekend is winding down.
NO!!!!!!
She wanna lick the wrapper, and she can lick the rapper.;
Ahah.
You've got one life to live girlyy.
Live it upp.
We're gonna bake so muchh.
My sister is watching my 3 month old daughter and just sent me a pic infront of a tattoo shop
Looking at a very fast car.
Saw what Steve Saleen can do to a Challenger!
WOW.
The new SMS Challenger.
Include me in your FF?
:
Alright, you said I was the one you liked most...if that was true then why did you chose her.?
Please please please do NOT wear sandals or flip flops if ur feet aren't done or no polish.
unless ur feet are just THAT cute.
I hate feet
Pierre  Jagr does not play for the Pens...dumb ass.
thelockout is over.bout time I can watch em Knicks run shit
The only thing I don't like about A days is that I barely see my best friend.
Whats some of the hottest songs out right now
Oh sure go right ahead and take off chunks of skin when you're clipping my nails, Asian.
I was hoping to bleed at the salon today
Let's encourage to tweet.
it's like Doug Fister is back with the Mariners
Appreciate the shout out!
all tweets about metro and the hookah is making me jealous cause they don't have anything like that out here in pensacola,fl..smh
doctornk pasta making..
This should be interesting
I would like french fries dipped in a Frosty.
why thank you ;
Great seeing you at SYSoul!
Way to put some shine back on Alaska!
You had me cracking up with that antiPalin comment!!!
FridayReads Finishing HORNS by today, then starting THE WIND THROUGH THE KEYHOLE by
I quit watchin the game and the Nuggets start killing it...
i know!
Our plans better work..and duhh we always ballin' :
A4 as once said  Be professorssional on social media nobody wants to hear whining/personal doctorma.
Fred, Vernon, and Martha
m yeah they lost 8499
The parents are nuzzled all snug in their bed.
Christmas break has now begun as has the doctorad.
YOOOO HE JUST GOT OFF LIKE WTF
damn how u doin anyway
cuz it's the same thing basically

nice I saw Ryan for like 5 secs at graduation but neither of you two!
Yes, I like fudge.
um, I think I am the one that is supposed to utter terrible puns.
RT : you guys deserve it, amazingly talented..thanks for framing the beauty in NewarkI luv what we do!
I can imagine that only being good if the L and the T were really good or also fake to match flavor
We are seeing a growing call for indigenous participation in oil producing countries Boyo
weak, primo's it is then.
Frozen four on makes me realize how badly I miss the on espn garythorne cc:
the beginning
Linux: The OS people choose without 200,000,000 of persuasion.
Mike Coleman
just found out my new phone has Myspac IM built in it!!!!
Back from shanghai !
pics will be up soon
my FRIEND was asking about you earlier....
Can not wait to see you guys in New Mexico!!
LOVE the show!!!
I hope your doing ok!
I had people die in my family and not to say its the same, but I know it's hard.
There's no words :
Finally found a nigga that can make me some beats im finna be on my shit now
wooohoo!
Congrats Young Hollywood Showcase...fabulous evening!
Thank you all who came out to support.
We're back on Monday 2/13.
Chaz Williams misses the ft and the Minutemen need one more stop.
doctorxel ball with 15.7 seconds to play.
UMass 7270
: thanks so much!
Next year we need more Italians : big hug.
Happy Wednesday.
aw actually I had to make the tough decision to cancel that talk.
I'm doing MuseumNext in Barcelona instead.
Do hope to meet!
I'm intrigued.
Is Darryl Hannah in it?
Fab call to arts for California Artists  Pan Am  Sinatra  World landmarks...
Come Fly With Me
JESUS ..what the HELL?
Follow follow follow follow folow
Well, off to portland
Sign its going to be 2500 at least to get my car fixed.
I have a feeling I'm gonna be walking everywhere for a while
I'd really like to be the grounds keeper at the Chicago botanic gardens
Closed Dow trade at target for 400 pts.
Still long Gold and Short crude
u did so good!
I enjoyed watching it live.
Thanks for the great surf!!!
Bladerunner was set in 2019.
At that point, the film will still be covered under copyright for 83 more years!
: You did you said all of the right things, I did I meant all of the wrong things Numb
we still got another 53 minutes..: 2012 mahomies take over!
.: Nobody trying to find out what's true, just repeat allegs about vandalizing coffee cart, etc.
That feel when you try and do homework, but you just can't.
Procrastination sucks.
is chloe follow you or chris
Heading out to check out my favorite guys in Orange and Blue this morning.
The Spokane Shock have less than a week till opening night!
Do you need approval or something from us?
Niggas fuckin wit that Stars N Stripes
now I'm having girl problems can't decide which shirt to wear!
This day in 1968: Milwaukee awarded NBA basketball franchise thanks to the efforts of the late Wesley D.
Pavalon and Marvin Fishman.
Law firm professorle photo with a collarless shirt: Why?
Is it about your comfort, or how you want others to consider you professorssionally?
Where is your house?
It's too far out for , but might work for other buyers w/whom I'm working?
this week?
I can't hold them forever.
Lol.
I got two
yeah I did it yesterday.
There are a couple new features which are nice.
I did it at work so it was faster with their server
Perfect way to get hit by car ...
Run into on coming traffic screaming
I'm looking forward to seeing TheHobbit w/ its 48fps.
Anything that will cram more information into my brain than it can handle is ok w/ me
Lots of courses next week: Excel: Intermediate, Access: Intermediate, Word: Intermediate, InDesign: Basic  more...
www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
shes on the mind...
please DM your email, and I'll followup about sending one for review.
We could overnight and get it to you by Friday
You too PeeWee Herman :
Shouts out to new fam  where can we check ur beats fam??
.listen to the people.
Increase tax for the rich and companies.
Hates it when people discriminate against my mom
Mankind fears an evil man but heaven does not.
I am not very good at this either just so you know,I just did something but I don't know what hahah
You never realize how much you like someone until you watch them like somebody else.
lol, as a Packers fan who also uses them in Madden I always think the same thing.
Wish the academy awards show was on earlier so that I could watch all of it.
RT : We have a new phone number!
Make note: 4143011414
Almost fell off the elliptical not once but TWICE tonight.
Tell me that mental picture is NOT hilarious.
RT : Somebody that I used to know
I'm officially DONE, we've went from jeggins 2 smiley face bikini's....RAP is Outta Control!!!
...
partly because his version of a hero story lets his healer superpower compensate for his general shittiness.
Maybe this is similar.
Does anyone still wear a hat?
well I think the only issue is tami for acting childish an Susie for feeling like she needs to report everything to tami
Made positive life decision not to Keep up with the Kardashians anymore.
No bad feelings, but think we'll all be fine without each other!
I am totally fine sitting by myself or with the full timers.
Or going home for lunch.
Doesn't matter to me
Everybody follow my girl !
She's so awesome and follows back 100!
Follow Now  u get a solo shoutout!
3
The Nuggets deserve this series
Merry Christmas my friends!!
So damn, whatchu finna do now??
When can you record period?
Wonders if you can create a status paradox where twitter goes to facebook and back to twitter and back again and again and again...
That was me today
TheTrialist will actually decide if there will be an NFL season or not.
: I'm thinking about moving back to texas.....//sit yo ass down
its okay dont worry :
Okay, sevenjob week, let's do this.
oh tight!
Did Bluey's set go well?
He mentioned earlier on twitter not being able to soundcheck.
Be careful everyone!!!
We care about you all!
Be safe and very cautious on the road!
Love,
doctora Better stop
that is not a simple tweetable answer.
Send me an email and I will have our Dep Superintendent answer
PLEASE CHECK YOUR DM'S!
Break a bitch heart no future
the entire outside world just disappeared into a sheet of fog.
online banks are an idea I hadn't thought of.
whats the latin homework?
how's ny???
Hope u like it : but ur gonna love miami even more
THE SECONDMATRIX WAS NOT A TERRIBLE FILM
We all have front row seats on history...
are you losing weight?
you're looking mighty skinny lately
I wish I had the mouth of this guy.
We need to acquire New Thinking  New Habits  Long Term Viewpoint  to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
GM!!!
Follow
that will heal up good by keeping cold on it and aloe, may not blister then and just heal up.
Make me that nigga.
I Can't FUCK Witchuu Like That No More.
clearly ya'll have earned it.
You are all beautiful in your own individual way so never lower your standards.
Some people think isn't funny but I find him halrious !!!
black on black
Just met with our social media team to discuss our plan for USF Facebook Timeline.
Can't wait to launch new features!
Playing Sunday brunch at the Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando 10:302:30 today
Hey!
I know you don't knwo me but I would like to say that I saw your pictures and I think its really cool that your a dancer.I ..
I just knew that YOU of all people would pick up on that BS part.....:
I will until a rematch occurs.
We need to have it with your gangster neighbors on their porch.
time to eliminate those friends.
I love how my mom assumes i get up.
the only person she actually wakes up is my sister.
one day im just gunna stay asleep.
follow me on twitter
Just got ready to go out for dinner  my friend's 2yr old said, who's that?
good sign?
Bad sign?
ok.:D
Enjoying thomas tweed's america's church on 20th century catholics
Sitting on le toilet.
After a long evening seems like I have a recording software issue so recording comes to a halt until I can figure it out.
Brain tired ;
lolremember her today tryna get all loud 4 her roeroe baybee
Just a shout out for all of our followers, you guys are awesome!
We can't do what we do without you.
Niggaz with weak voices ..
My dad is reading aloud about crows from his bird book
don't you love that pic?
he looks so f'ing cool.
The Dan Snyder: Two pieces of bread with one slice of cheese.
Costs 49.99
Luca by Brand New...
Incredibly perfect.
Bummer.
Would be good to have you!
/cc
I seriously have THE best daddy in the world!
Take in some art tonight and enjoy First Friday in Indy!
New music coming soon!!!
Stay tuned!!
he remembered my purple hair from Nic's wedding lol
Check out San Diego Wine  Culinary at weddingpartybridalshow!
Topics on Pro.
Women section include: Are You a Social Media Rihanna or Beyonce?
Perfect Fit of Biz Suit.
would it be pronounced wikaPAYdia?
Check with Ted and get back to me
I always tell the truth, even when I lie
I can't wait for you to meet and 3
Watching the pregnancy project why?
Oomf got a FAT ass !
Headache.
Book overload.
Dehydoctortion.
Two days and I feel like I've seen nothing.
Pirages bindings spectacular.
Normal Sunday night tasting of beers from around the world in my kitchen talking art
should be humble for you are made of earth, be noble for you are the stars
Sometimes you send out an email, and sometimes you send out 45,000 and cause the server to shit the bed.
Now Listening to Tank Wedding song oomf put me up on it!
RT  bout to order me  kei dis new england patriots creeper set for our babies .
50 years of dancing have made Eddie Torres the King of Mambo Dance.
Period.
Do you want to be treated like Eddie?
Get 100,000 students first
money kush cars my life!
Thanks much for the RT!
Went to court for the bogus trespassing Citation and the Charges were never filed......
Thank Ya Lord!!!!
I'm down!!!!
Start tonight?
What was it like being out in LA for American Idol?
Miss ya' on there!
I just did!
Totally worth it, this show is constantly surprising me
The Internet is saturated with Cindy Sherman.
her voice is so smooth !
NewFangledElectrics RT : Doctors declare that the electric light will eventually destroy eyesight.
MI1880
sorry Mike.
We got schedules confused.
I'm in Kansas City Back Stage Preparing to inspire the Childoctorn of Kansas City Pride, Pride is not just a word its a Lifestyle, Live it!
RT : John Watson tip: cut the sexual tension w/awkward small talk.
Sorry for your loss ; LFC had me nervous for awhile.
Glad it's over!
Functional Bed and Breakfast art www.martonart.weebly.com/restaurantshotelsbedandbreakfasts.html
Got hired today at Universal Orlando!!
Start on May 21st!!
Working at Ripsaw Falls in IOA
and gets the munchies together.
Watching raw wwe :D
want awesome plush toys made, go see
After sitting in Boston traffic,spending 4hr on a bus, and carrying a suitcase through the subway,it's good to find my apt feels like home.
Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
If Donna Lewis released a greatest hits album with 16 tracks of I love you always forever I'd buy it.
I do what I can.
Headed to class tweet you later!
Im scared of fat hoes!
...lol
yea ok, try and cover it up.
;
Lol I Would Dah Same I get To Meet Diggy He Is Just Fine Jacob Latimore 3 To Many Cuties lol
1Dfact Louis jumped into the crowd in Wellington and got chased by Paul.
Only Lou can pull that off!
Gosh i love him!3Kelly
That's a sweet scene.
hoping it is some fake merch some independent seller is peddling
nahh man not right now, I want to start it up in the summer again so we'll see.
there's a couple of good open mics in newark tho
So why yall dont be coming like that annymore
Do you know how much snow we would have had if it had been cold during these last two big rain storms.
A few of our Miriam's Studio artists have work in this week's issue of Pick up your copy from a vendor today!
Ah...bed.
You feel good.
I don't feel anyone is trustworthy enough to hold my love.
Two people have already proved it to me.
Best to you Sara!
nice seeing you yesterday at the Casino!
RosieRocco's looks great.
We'll be neighbors!
BSpot RosieRocco's
okay no stop .
we're both out of luck :'
Do u have ore than one of those tank tops cuz u wear them alot
Sweetkick has been presented with a wonderful opportunity.
The big apple calls.
NY bound for an events internship with amazing networking.
Oh is that all?
RT : If you want to be loved, be lovable Ovid
Hi Ryan.
The assignment is due on Dec.
1.
Stay on top of stuff and you should be ok
It's like you have to be strong for everybody else, but they forget to ask if you're okay.
: RT : One hour can make a big difference  look at DST.
Put in an extra hour working toward your doctorams  see what happens.
Finally got around to completing 3's singleplayer campaign and damn, was it worth it.
Keep up the stellar work DICE!
Design problem: create open space for people to reflect and create not just consume
BREAKING: Big Oil up with pro ads in violation of People's Pledge.
So tired.
It was a big day.
Looking forward to finishing off the Spring 2012 semester tomorrow!
I405 northbound closed at 6th Ave for police activity.
Traffic is being rerouted downtown.
lol petty ass
FF: Thanks for the shout out!
fridayreads Paladin of Souls by Lois McMaster Bujold
Wondering if you would need an advanced degree to be able to complete then accurately ...
stole the show tonight
RT I don't wanna see none of u niggas with them plaid picnic blanket shorts this summer, I swear !!!!!!!!
Lol, we were definitely on that jam for a cool minute.
HahahahaRT : The amount of times I think and say the c word these days I could easily be twin sister
The prom?
You are a brave man amidst all those runamok hormones tonight.
Ha
Thanks!
So are you!
MT FF the most epic they are great friends too :
Watching a time to kill with
Redlight tattoo!
Corner of Coors and Gun Club!
I'm still tweeking shutterfoundoctor.
What would you like to learn?
Trust me when I say that Barack WILL save our economy by raising taxes on EVERYBODY when he is reelected in 2012.
Government knows best!!!!
: GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS, STOP.
NOW MAKE THOSE MOTHA FUCKIN PRICES doctorP
It's about to be hiring season here at Ideas and Pixels, and we would love to ask you one simple question: Have you ever lied on a resume?
nope.
Hot dogs with chili, and cookies.
Per game meal was gumbo and it was magnificent
Don't take it personal.
Success seems to be connected with action.
Successful people keep moving.
They make mistakes, but they dont quit.
Conrad Hilton
Defend ethnic studies!
MadMen looks to be ridic already!
Flyer's rights folks often don't focus on injustice of professorling people based on race/religion/etc.
Thanks for sharing this!
RT : One of the photographers at this wedding is using bounce flash, outdoors.....
Social Saturday
Happy Mothers Day!!
my background is dlmqsldmasdjasio.
he is an angel
I'm City Like Them Other Folk..
But I Ain't No Average Joe.
what up baby!!!
Playoff Hockey is so intense, I'm buggin out REAL hard
Think i will study for marketing after dusk.
:/
no but I love kiwi sounds yummy
and thank you!

Thanks for the follwo, fellow twitter friend!
Have a great day.
Ready for the MLB All Star game in 4 hours!
Is starting to see the
maybe I can come up with something to hold people over till them :
I googled it because I was curious.
And that seems pretty accurate for you.
Ahah
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE doctornk sends this Thurs from 125 PST.
Spread the word!!
She kissed me  I flew away!
Just checking in to see if I could see the slides from your Seattle 2.0 awards presentation.
:
It wasn't me, but I'm doing the same thing...
This looks like a great cycling group for women
Caucuses and marriages, third time is a charm for Newt.
thank god....
can he go away for good?
can you tell me about klout through twitter?
Or should I google it?
feelingoutdated on social media.
At masjid Hamza praying with all my MusLim people
I love me some Ron Paul.
But Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson ain't exactly chopped liver!
Give the governor some love.
U can supp both!
Storms are rolling thru.
Good day to catch up on the DVR.
Hope you have sunshine where you are!
People who tweet who is Steve Jobs from a Iphone, ipad, or Mac 
School..
redbull time
or...
they can make the whole plane first class...
that's probably the best option
Warriors sign C Kwame Brown to oneyear deal
If the world doesn't end on December 21st, I have a feeling a lot of babies will be born September 2013.....
Wen I wake up in the morning I always thank my heavenly Father  Jesus :
2 MORE HOURS OF MY BIRTHDAY AND STILL HASN'T FOLLOWED ME!
please follow me it would make my birthday the best bday ever!!!!!!!
Huntsman is the man!
Happy Easter from Elite Pro Painters!
WE THE PEOPLE Elected the Officials who Passed Laws to LockUp Millions of Humans  Now Let Us Elect Officials to Unlock 10
I've heard that its a very weak plot and that it's just beautiful visually
GLOBE amp; MAIL: Mercer International Abandons Battle For Fibrek
This Is How We Do.
But I fell in love with them when I heard Dear Maria live 3
I'll be at International Consumer Electronics Show CES FriSun.
Are you going?
What's a must see?
WAITING FOR JUSTIN BIEBER TO COME ON THE VOICE!!!!
There's nothing like having a team.
4 minds is better then 1 !!
Kingdom work
not much just been on my music grind!
Josh Bazell should be emailing me, and I will keep everyone posted.
If his second book is like first, he will do more FREE Med Work...
Haha well thank you!
No, I will eat all kinds of foods, but I loathe potatoes.
They taste like cardboard and are filler food.
The lockout has provided me with a game almost every single night.
Worth the wait.
Teach your ADD/ADHD child to take responsibility for his actions by being responsible for your own.
proud of you
wine pairing  nutella on toast?
keep your chin up!
why no ESPN sports nation Golf QA this week?
I miss it man!
PLEASE don't make me read QA!!
It was boring at best:
Don't worry, be happy.
Eternal words of wisdom.
Make this year a happy year!
Just rented 400 computers in London to render out our final fly through animation sequences for 4:11 Gospel of Grace.
Now it's getting fun.
Tonight was a great example of Fugitive gone wrong.
I upgraded my iPhone and lost all my apps
hahaha oh gosh.
I so wasn't gonna go here.
But since the window opened.....
The RKPR website got a makeover!
What do you think??
www.rkpr.net
Funny you should say that!
My mother says it all the time : Can't beat good ol' organic honey!
that does suck.
Don't worry, I'll be sure to put your tickets to good use.
Happy that today is my Friday.
:
I bet senses was full of 18 yr olds 
So frustrating that my hosting company is in meltdown mode and the site is paying the price  offline for days.
Makes me want to give up.
Now in the locker rooms haven't shown one credential funny how far you can get when you act like you belong.
Oh, shit!
They all did die!!!
Well.
Or strip club
Game changer?
FF to our fellow Brewers!
how can i hear some of ur tracks
Nice Seinfeld reference!
Xo RT : thanks babes, you said it right!!!!
it is!
Living the blessed life!
Nights like this I hate that I have to go to bed so early.
Great 1st half for the Nuggets.
Imma Lyrical Motivator
Back at Boomerjacks in Mesquite, TX editing on doctor Mark Van Stone's interactive book for the iPad on the 2012Meme.
Making progress!
ROCKING THE MIC  GETTING STUPID!!!
This Wed!
Apr11th!
w/  Say BrownRiceComedy  UR in FREE!!!
Taking a break from working on the house and yard this weekend  focused on just being Daddy for a couple days.
:
i wish all of uguys will follow me and help me 2 get more followers
The dance Justin does in the ending of Boyfriend is friggen sexy :
Its about that time again....Goat Time that is!
Come on down to 809 W.
Randolph!
stay down...work it out....
until you come up
FOLLOWUP QUOTE  What?
Me worry.
Alfred E.
Neuman.
The epitome of confidence.
awwee shucks...
Lol...making it happen soon 8 songs deep....
You know I love YOUR music....
Yup
Work time this early!!
Leggo merp!
I feel like throwing up...://
I good in bed listening to the radio.
Is this your Super Bowl?
This might be my Super Bowl.
What is up with this weather?
I swear it was just raining SIDEWAYS!
Good thing I brought a coat today.
I made it safely to Orlando!!!!
Insurance Exchange intended to provide consumers with centralized, online access to health care coverage.
Looking forward to it, buddy.
Have a good weekend.
V/BTFU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm really bad at leaving voicemails.
Dion Dublin.
Defender  Striker
I have found opportunities do not come to those who wait.
They are captainred by those who attack.
If you would like a fast track financial fr
Woow!
I chase after the dog  I get treated like this..
BITCH much!
Sleep is the cousin of death, so my eyes wide open!!!
itsPabloTime.com people!!!
hahaha thts wht I thought u ment to say but I wasn't exactly sure
The moment I ask my car insurance company to lower my rates b/c I've had no car accidents is the moment I have a car accident.
you are so cute , please follow meh 3
What is Vision without clarity, focus, and perspective?
Blindness.

My Bitch Bad lookin like a Bag of Money 
we're in the happy business ;
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Just crank 'em up so we can all hear, wherever we are.
;D
Author of the Social Media Bible Lon Safko is live on skype in my social media course at PSU...cool!
Who are your favorite Seattle food reviewers?
bloggers press etc?
Thank you!
: RT : Need to volunteer try great org!
tonights interview on NIGHTWATCH has been canceled and will be rescheduled for October.
Leaving a French Purfumery and headed out to see Nice!
I Got Money On Stacks, Got Weed In Packs, Got Bottles On Racks, Who Fucking Wit Me.
Mane..
Chill Out Relax Lol
Modular mussels  thanksgiving nap 3.
booze combo.
Love  love  love
F.M.G we all we got
I follow you  and have never been fired from CBS, you should give me a follow
I agree.
This is bogus!
I wanted to throw the remote at my tv..
mailing his things back to him like tomorrow, this is going to be hard for me /3
It's great it's Friday, but it sucks it's not even noon yet.
I use it at least twice a session in first year seminars
: if twin females marry twin males, and they each have a child, will both childoctorn look alike??
o.O MindBlown hmm...
Boy I turn that thang into a rainforest
thank you for introducing me to in the rooms!
Struggling to tie a ribbon on the one gift I have to wrap myself.
This should be simple, I think.
Pretend you're tying a...
Old movie rerun beats live footy
Helping customers stream awesome programs online
When we went to the beach today they our us on a all girls bus, like omfg They were all aggravating AF.
Dwade all the way!!!
you and me both!
Too bad just gave PhiPhi hope about the boos 
S/O Untouchable Cuts for playing dat misterMysta Verbal Finesse Vol 1 in da shop!
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Albert Einstein
I'll take ur word for it looks like u know better, I'm coming back to Indy, sitting here is still fun, u at game 3?
I want to go to a one direction concert so bad !
Rangers Game tonight
Lol oh okay
my friend told me he ran into you in Nashville, and that you gave him 20.
Can you confirm/deny his story?
I don't like the word 'pedagogy'
We got 50 shot techs
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
you're it!
fuck you, I'm not playing anymore.
PITTSBURGH  Penguins captainin Sidney Crosby will return Thursday night to face the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
good to be back from CO.
Great trip.
Ready to hit the ground running now.
But really, enough with the snow.
Just about ready with the webpage  stay tuned...
Better pic cc
What songs should I perform on Kimmel???
I get 2!
confirmed smells terrible.
was regretting not wearing a hoodie today to cover my nose.
gl
Universal Studios day with Amy  doctorw!
Thanks Lindsey for my unlimited year pass so I can go whenever I want.
We's gonna party real son!
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look  that healthy equals beautiful.
Victoria Principal
sneezed and my gum flew out.
I thought went down for Jason Campbell wedding
when ABoyfriendShouldAlways be there for you, but isn't.
Dump him
Watching that black ass Wesley Snipes in US Marshalls
Camp was great:D
Whatever that means RT : No Turkeys Allowed
for including 'Dangerous Liaisons' on your Top 10 Favorite List!
change your mind yet sign me to a deal help u r.
Hired...
glad you cashed have a good night Big Soccer day on Fri already have 2 locked in Soccer get on the list
You'll want to try the Mikkeller Beer Geek Brunch and Beer Geek Breakfast  both added this week!
Isnt Oscars night great in MKE?
Well do not care much abt Oscars just happy to be back in MKE!
your cousin probably would, he is starting to use twitter more.
12 hour work day, clean apartment...
Now rewarding myself with a double glass of wine!
I love this idea of making the most of Leap Day.
Someone remind me in four years to take the day off.
Private party tonight.
Join us tomorrow for normal service.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
i really want some french toast now lol
Hey Luv lemme know when and where the next video shoot is
They keep saying the right person will come along, I seriously think mine got hit by a truck.
The IDF are the true defenders of Israel.
Not the JIDF they're made in china or something.
Greetings Naptown...JC aka 'the Other man' in for 'The Loverman' Jerry Wade this week...time to relax starts ....now
Where's my TwitHusband at tonight lol
This young girl, she's so cute Everytime I see her, wear a fresh pair of shoes 'Cause this young girl, she's such a killer
thanks for the RT.
We really appreciate it.
that looks tempting.
Too bad I can't Sunday Funday.
I got school in a few can you wish me luck please??
I just wanna go to the shore stores and buy a lot of clothes, and just look around..
I know people in jersey
La la la la La la la la Elmo's world Who remembers this cute little basterd?
If you a female over 20 and you still posting pics of your ass and titties just to get attention from niggaz KILL YOURSELF NOW!!!!!!
Haha.
Ambiguous.
RT : SIDE NOTE: i have a little luddite in me.
Ifihadadoctorgon I would kill the doctorgonborn
Off to mister Seattle meet and greet.
This should be interesting.
RT RT : house music all the way
Is it socially acceptable to deliver bad news via email?
When hot guys have the ugliest girl friends.
I'm just like, WATER YOU DOING.
Hard to describe one has to try RT : Met some friends at for some Bubble Tea.
I just love that place!!!
Why are you picking on the Mayor?
AQUS on watch for a breakout/bounce, charts ready to go, strong volume eod friday.
yea he def doesn't have the support
I need to party with u next time
thanks, I'm on the east coast and forgot about the time difference
For those about to rock, We salute you.
ACDC :
Blake Griffin dunk wasn't exactly a rimistercker...
More like a spectacular layup
Shit, I can't get a head coaching job and I'm sick of that douche bag Bielema...
I'm in.
: Who the fuck should I hire?
Excited for 's bloody adaptation of Julius Caesar with as Calpurnia.
Tonight!
lol...yea  in that pic she was crying bcuz she was trying to get onto the couch from her bed, but couldn't.
She stopped that
Opry mills is PACKED
Itsawesomewhen I get a text and see its from you 3
happy birthday
Clybourne Park, the FunnyTragic Pulitzer Winner About Race and Real Estate, Opens on Broadway
I hit it from the back cause I dont like how her face look...
re the NIN story: here we've come back full circle to the 18th century.
For enough money the patron can buy anything.
Is that good?
Or, you can be a 24 year old metal music sugar baby.
Just a thought.
Oh man, teething
what is your work?
Ready to rock.
In the last wk, I've wrapped up a job, gone to a Mac  tried a new twitter client.
New year, new adventures.
Glad to be back w/ y'all, tho.
are you in L.A?
what you wearin to queen of diamonds?
Im sure it will be something sexy
We fixed a small problem with the ball release on doctorcula.
Now it doesn't doctorp into multiball at the wrong time.
when's your next meet?
you say that now.
wait until he wins the batting title and Felix is with the Dodgers.
Hot deals to celebrate the hot hot heat outside, www.dealshow.com
Yeah,I said yesteryear
Gah!
My phone is pissing me off.
Strike the Musical just sang it!
Cant wait to see bowling pins sing more.
any rhyme or reason to who it's added?
thank you K
Dont be such a boob punch.
lol
I got my learn on this morning with and Now it's time to get to work in earnest.
Email, here I come.
can't front I kinda wanna see that battleship, more cause of Rhianna tho lol.
Only God can turn a MESS into a MESSAGE, a TEST into a TESTIMONY, a TRAIL into a TRIUMPH, and a VICTIM into a VICTORY3
I really miss you.
It's been a couple weeks!!
im soo tired right now :
I thought you were in Philly!
What time is the game?
You had me at pizza :
too much homework
: thanks you too
Dolly Parton wrote I will always love you  refused to sign 1/2 rights to Elvis.
It's the biggest hit ever both sung  written by a woman
Take that punk ass Grizzlies!
Now for the Spurs to smash the Clippers!
See ya Tuesday!
RT : Our Lyndsey Corbett braiding backstage for Those waves were fierce!
Having balls must really suck, literally.
RT : Smiles never go up in price or down in value.
Joe Moore
well well well hello you 
Working on your passion  the deep desires of your whole being  is what the Universe is longing for you to do.
I remember the Napster beta.
30 minutes for a single mp3 seemed amazing!
Queue up 10 songs, go to class, come back.
downloaded!
Mistakes aren't things to be discouraged.
On the contrary, they should be cultivated and carefully investigated.
: It sounds sexy and educational.
I love stuff about animals, especially designed for kids.
Thanks Love!
I'm the whore of Babylon
For example, 'Fuck it All' is a song about his emotions, deep seeded feelings of sadness and distance from his family.
come get one from me!
Christine Prois: How Opening A Fair Trade Store Brought Global Perspective To A Small Town: The premise of my store was to provide a ...
hahaha I hold back my thoughts until tomorrow.
K?
It will hurt me deeply if it's Iron Lady
Got delicious strawberries from farmer's market.
There's only 50 calories in 1 cup of strawberries and 149 of vitamin C of the daily value
I like to eat clean p but it gotta be CLEAN
beach and sunshine!
: and u???
Just lose, baby!
I get a first round doctorft pick, right?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Happy new years to all the sports fans out there
Calling each other candysweets names through text while in class :D , how do we have friends?
Loving the new username
Four become eight, defending the Earth!
This is why Stan Lee should just stick with comic books
kooky is one word for it :
Im like macauly culkin in home alone setting traps against these roaches in my apartment.
Great to see you as well.
The water powered elevator was crazy.
Hey, 9:30 am meeting on a SATURDAY...
Go fuck yourself.
Hugs!
Washington Redskins 14 St.
Louis Rams 0 Halftime redskins rams nfl
just because you slept with my mother doesn't make you my father.
England isnt too far a trip, is it?
: Would love to see u in Atlanta, but hey, theres always mail order if u cant make it!
Moving in my house today!
please follow me Austin.
3
Heaviest rain is over with for today.
Still wet roads for AM commute.
Better west than east today.
70 inland NJ, low 60s City, 50s LI/CT
Egg.
Nog.
Eggnog.
I figured it out.
I have an ad blocker that was interacting badly with it.
The girl across the table whom I'm trying to sketch keeps on shuffling.
WHAT is with FB and captainhas this morning?
Geez!!
RT : You have to take care of your mind, body,  spirit.
If one is off, it can take the others down with it.
Thank you for the kind words  the support!
RT : Having a great time ..those shrimp and grits were everything !!!
Needy people  cant stand em 
Couldn't agree more, although I'm very happy that he won't be missing field goals for us anymore.
Just uploaded some flame to souncloud
I know that an endless love isn't something you can teach with you there is not a star in the sky that I can't reach.
Apple Prepares Mac App Store For Launch On Jan 6 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/applepre via
I didn't even get to board the plane!
we got a tough road.
Pats on Sunday night then Thursday night vs Cleveland.
aaawww no I was just so tired plus I had an early morning with Marchello sorry I left you but they were pretty cool people
The first St.
Patrick's Day special...
Reuben Soup!
Having breakfast at sams .
.
.
Eating samples xD
kannaburch I am working so hard for Dancing 4 The Cure now!!
hey justin how are you doing ?
Epic I hope ,you are haveing fun on tour showing the world your Swagg !!
and Sweet Smile luvU
Last wknd we spoke w/ high school students on the south side of Chicago about bullying  homophobia.
Acceptance They were so positive!
Taking turf out of my leg I skidded my knees on turf then I took my track photos where I had to kneel on the floor of turf twiceD:
That was sad...
Lol
It was nice to see briefly tonight at RackOpening  the shopping was so distracting from socializing!
Good to see you!
...and he just hit 4, Mets broadcasters announced.
Salud!
: Arriba!
Tequila gracias.
Viva Cinco de Mayo!.
Nice article, Dominique.
Gosh you have no idea how happy I was when I finally got some!
What else would you expect from the worst writer they have.
No matter what, or who, he writes about it's awful.
Nothing like adversity and a deadline threat to focus the ole noggin!
grindin' grantwritin' bikeadvocatin'
Don't go East
I still want some red lipstick just haven't found the time to get the right shade
good work!
try it with sriracha, even better
doctorving...
is it nice
Avengers.
All of my non favorite hero's in one super movie.
Loved it!!
Btw mythbusters have their hands full with that flying supercarrier.
Doing a survey analysis for a client in Chicago makes me remember how much I miss the
Miami will be taking a few steps back in football for a while.
Almost no way the Dolphins don't take Tannehill.
imagine you and Zayn are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper tonight i'm loving you
I'm puttin on my shades to cover up m eyes I'm jumpin in my car I'm heading out tonight
There are many new changes on the insurance horizon.
LintonandAssociates are here to help with them all.
2471530
i love cats!
i was thinkging the same thing let's go find him
Clippers won!
MY SCHOOL SUCKS ass.Srry had to get that off my chest
Holding on to memories is pain /3
thank you!
I love you and will miss you too!
Never go to sleep Be up at 6 that's when I'm coming Lol
The Heart Is a Lonely FisherandTrapper
8 days until I see 
laugh it up.
I'm going to wipe my eye with a paper towel and smack you with it next time I see you!
No dude.
Wait until the morning.
thats why its called my busy
of course, followed.
:
told Obama that after marrying his husband in january no heterosexuals have been harmed, and he should remember that
Gonna be such a long day studying
Yahoo to that!
Happy Thanksgiving!
The Michael Jackson trial is complicated!!
NFL really needs to do something about this logjam...they are 34 picks behind
I just about wore my shirt like 's this morning.
ugh  ill be ready!
Helping a nice teen with her paper on Tibet makes it better
Any big Stories or News on the Sunday Morning Political Programs overall?
Car, dinner, class, home would be preferred.
doctorve safe.
Love youl.
im wide a wake smokeing good and gotta work in like 3 hours
haha I can agree with that!
idk man.
They might win 1.
Their offense is utterly terrible besides CP3, and at times Mo
Why watch lebron news?
just signed...
He's here to stay
It's the same reason clothes fit in the store but the minute you get home you'd think you bought the wrong size.
Time flies.
Thank you to and for stopping in this past weekend to enjoy the spoils of the sushi bar!
nope...he's the shit
Good luck to all the individuals participating in the University Sing event at the University of Oklahoma!!
Thank you for the follow :o
Thanks!
It's team members like you who make the Caring for Kids campaign so successful!
Hey Tim, thanks for coming in  we appreciate it.
Niall
a blue marker!
homecoming tomorrow :
you don't have to 'guard the bar' sweetie when you pack a flask!
yeah...
Blackberrys suck though.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
William Penn
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
Deer have fangs.
Hey NFLPA will try to get sentences reduced.
Phronesis  Walking Dark Share With Friends:   Music  Blues Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
i hate when you're on the phone with someone and then they hang up so your just talking to yourself for like five minutes.
Its call age of the beast on the kickstarter Web site under new projects lanuch
Alright, come see some musical improv already.
I'm performing with Petting Zoo at The Studio at 8:45PM with special guest, Swartzlander
I know.
Just thinking about their list of penalties makes me a little queasy.
I love Ultimate Frisbee!
I've already updated my calendar!
EEk!
your water will still be too cold to swim in.
Shock the pool.
Vacuum it.
Run the filter.
In a few days it will be good 2go
The hunt for new clients begins...
If you need a video editor or sound mixer, hit me up.
Would you rather be a monkey or a tiger and why?
no Jamie RT : Twitter during ColdWar  RT ChicagoMadeSean: yoooooo Twitter during the Monday Night Wars woulda been epic!!!
Kobe line almost at the ears tho!!!
that was a classic !
Lmaoo
if i get 400 followers i'll say my big ass secret
SO TIRED, but still stayed up late doing nothing.
It was glorious nothingness after a busy 2 weeks, though.
Worth it.
Damn Chelsea has all 11 men in the box
lolol that's fantastic
I'm just looking for a home on this planet
i wanted to go to the school of business one ..
but i suppose that will do
Trying to motivate myself on the bus ride home.
Today kicks off Week 3 of the run/walk interval training.
At least the weather is dope.
CForce enroute to visit TForce for his birthday.
Should arrive in Ann Arbor around 6:30 PM.
Houdini by Foster the People.
Can't stop listening.
bumpin' your LIT cd?
Eric Wareheim says Pierre's coming back tonight!
What's your dad like?
I don't see that option on Classic either.
Can you fill me in?
yours is really good!
I like it: it's 10000000x better than mine at least
Tonight!
Darrells Tavern: Ancient Warlocks, Market: Brad and : Hotels, Noddy w/Sports
Just picked up the 2nd to last CD in stock This is how I keep myself motivated in the middle of a 12hr work day.
Hi, Texas!
Why are they wearing pots on their heads?
No problem.
Also, just want to say Im proud that we and everyone at have managed to keep front page classy
lolol maybe your right?
For Rush fans, The Larger Bowl
Better Movie Soundtrack  Remember the Titans or Blow?
new users are comming to register our site.
latest user is geoburge.
Hey!
is going to be at doctorpalcon !
RT : Do you know of any Indiana based, nonalcoholic, beverage brands?
Reppin my hood??
What a fucking moron!!!
is it wrong that I like on Twitter more than I like listening to their music?
Men are like purses, cute, full of crap, and can be replaced:
We will be releasing our song One Notch Over from our E.P tonight!!!!!
Check it on our Facebook!!
El Destructo in the studios
Ceck Out 's New Video On :D  Subscibe To Him If You Aren't Already :D
moving again?
appropriately buzzed, the coffee is strong and good!!!
Half day retreat this morning for the Chancellor's committee.
Looking forward to some serious brainstorming abt the future of edtech at VU.
82 degrees on Thursday..perfect for hh on their Plaza.
Join us from 57pm!
Loving the new donor solicitation method from 25 for an exhibition label or light blubs for one display case, etc.
funny people on aaron.tv servers.
hahah 3
Sore and stiff from your New Year's workout?
A warm bath with epsom salts and then smoothing on some arnica gel may help.
There aren't enough words to say how wonderful it is to be helping others achieve their doctorams,  Julie, Mngr Oceanside
East 4th is supposed to be a nice area, but there was 5 different ppl out begging for money and my leftover food.
They were all black males
Laast I heard, only 27 of residents there are 'native.'
Who is your lock NFL pick of the week?
Absolutely you should
I dont need me a basketball player all i need is somebody thats down for me .
reading Aaron Pulkka's outsourcing strategy
Oh my goodness.
I need the full boyfriend video now.
3
Lines in Baraboo and Waupun..good for us.
Moore race unbelievable turnout not sure if good though.
WARNING: I have officially been left unsupervised.
I take no responsibility for what may happen in the next few hours.
With NBA  NHL playoffs both going on right now,  MLB getting into the season, way too much sports to keep up on!
pretty sure i'm cutting my hair off tomorrow.
obviously i'm having some sort of crisis that i'm not fully aware of.
yet.
Having the most chillest boyfriend
checkmate she told her
I'm now dealing with my poor planning.
What are the chances that I'll be able to follow the Vikings game while on the airplane?
LOL its one game.
The Heat will have to lose at some point in a playoff game
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the new look and music.
That morning show opening is just spectacular!
Heading to Jerry's!
Come hang!
What the fuck is the matter with us we can't figure out if its lust or love.
don't brogle me, bro
I just realized how RIDICULOUS I look wearing short shorts, an easter egg lookin flannel, tigers hat, high tops..carrying a louis duffle LOL

A true TeamMayweather fan 
For being so late you doctorve crazy as fuck!!
Just had a science test.
I think i failed.
.
oh boy .
.
.
A mahomie is reading this tweet.
A mahomie that isn't afraid to show their support for is retweeting this tweet.
Family Over Err Thang.
whole track would be great!
Very interesting concept!
sorry it took so long to respond.
Klout shows your social network reach.
It looks at your presence on f/b  twitter .
ILL show tonight
If u say u in love what the hell u fall into basically u fell into her game becuz she just playin u  SMH
Every local SanDiego business should be on .
Yeah, unfortunately Obama HAS done a lot of things by now.
They're just all bad things.
I got one...
But in the midst of the shopping spee
I wish it felt like this in houston

Congrats....he is a beautiful baby!
Merry Christmas  enjoy with your family.
I MISS YOU SO MUCH : : Im sitting on my bed and you're not next to me
good ones ladies!
I hope I didn't just gain back the calories I just worked off!
can't wait to enjoy another Christkindlmarket in Chicago today!
Schnitzel, potato pancakes, and Glögg, oh my!
As I sit and watch time tick away I can actually hear my self slowly sinking into the cage with lock doors and no light
In Florida, the dolphins come right out of the water and onto the sidewalk.
George Castanza
your back3 I missed you.
Don't leave again k thanks:
this easy money for Floyd
It is so amazing what God can do when you let Him...what will you allow Him to do for you?
Seems like a good idea, but you'll be back raiding the fridge in an hour.
Thank you!
I'm trying...been 3 years so I need a refresher course!
LOL
Orange leaf is amazing!
The only B word you should ever call a girl is Beautiful Bitches love to be called beautiful.
Stop acting like a crazy doctornk teenager and be my mom.
mmmh yea ikr I feel like a lil kid
Enjoyed Buena Burrito's with my Bestie...nap time before work.
It's  out :/
LOLL, I watched that three times.
So dead.
could your boss call my boss.
Just a little tidbit, BM wear a belt many teens are accidentally shot policechase thought reaching for a gun but pulling/holding up pants
Such peace I derived from your worldsbiggestsummit Maintenance talk  thank you!
I'm good!
How are you?
Sounds like you're running a lot these days.
That's great!
I keep reaching up to my face trying to push my glasses back up, then I realize I wore my contacts today.
Happy Mother's Day!
All of you mommas out there are amazing!
Today is your day.
yolo.
oh, you mean you only live until I kill you?
Tryna get windows 7 on my mac to get on my
Is it?
Why is that?
Do you mean for students who don't know the language?
like the person that you bump into and 3 months later turns into the romance you were not expecting
We're OPEN!
As always!
And working it out!
ISO doc watermarked with my name Licensed to doctor Noveck Single user licence only, copying and networking prohibited
To chilly for a milkshake?
That's okay, we have juicy burgers that will warm you right up!
Open until 8 tonight!
Thanks for all the tweets and love lately, kids!
1!
RT : 1 RT SG: Need proof of efficacy of online outreach  little quantitative data to support this
As an English speaker and non cataloger I find it difficult to get excited about, but I am happy to serve our community.
lol what U a ninja now?
Amen Brother!
I couldn't agree more.
:
Watching penguins on the news in the studio..
So cute!!
Lol
Of course LoC is member.
Tom Ford from LoC is on resourcesync list, post the WeBEx.
We'll get invited to join.
Brainstorming.
Been skeptical of 4 annual salary assumption in SDCERS that doesn't reflect history  ups liability.
Over the years, I've found Coaches resistant to changing the way they teach tackling.
Executive leadership must step up and mandate change.
Hahahaha your not the only one!
Something we're following RT : Tomorrows job numbers are based on hard data submitted by over 150k employers in Wisconsin to DWD
that im a pimp lol
I got a lot of things on my mind....I need to clean up something
it's ok Pete at least the playoffs are going well for you...
Kyle Singler should have been 4.
Or maybe I'm just a little bias...
Make a list of all the positive benefits exercising has on your life.
Post it somewhere that you will see it regularly to help remind you.
awkward and just wrong.
In case you haven't seen, check funfreshfree for tweets on how to win a free session!
Gabby Bernstein is gearing up for a speaking tour around new book spiritjunkie.Book an event in your city w/ us!
I said to my self I Live In HOLLYWOOD 99 IS Artificial..
How can you Xpect to Come across much of Real
Wow.
The widow of Randy Pausch recently got remarried.
so crazy  they are saying he shot himself 
is a beast!
Love that guy ...
Go Blazers!
where you going to be at in Minneapolis?
she asaid she don't like me...
she think i care....
THANKS!
looking forward to the link!
First show tonight.
Enjoying singing w/these guys.
In other news, I'm taking a mixology class tomorrow.
well I hope you get better.
I'd catch a grenade for you..
Then throw it back.
I like tweetin on a phone its better than on a laptop ima tweet what I'm doin every hour for u guys.ty guys you made my smile more confident
Checkout my portfolio www.lipstickandlacemakeup.blogspot.com
Now following!
Welcome Falcon fam!!
Thanks for the RT :
Oh cuz she loving the crew
I still want to see the avengers
Looking at family guy and chilling
72 and sunny with a chance of baseball
30QuestionsForAriana is 1 worldwide : The power of Tiny Elephants
NEXT WEEK...
IT'S GOING TO BE HELL....
Girl, Insanity!
Arguing a point is a horribly ugly thing!
Introducing a provocative statement is as beautiful as the morning sunrise!
Reading tweets about MilwaukeeDictionary is a good timekiller right now.
did you like it?
That place is my favorite
Lmaooooooooooooooo!
Im dying laughing right now Hahaha.
thank you!
Hmm, I can't imagine a tapered base looking good.
Example?
i hope will follow me back
Im glad my cousin stayin out the bs , even tho her name was put in it!
Jessie J.
Nobody's perfect is so freaking good!!!
Love the album!!
SWAG like a boss
That is what we all want to hear, Bills Nation is everywhere, when you come back south, you gotta stop by one of the Billsbars
Pontoons are like the minivan of boats
It's amazing how without that little 9volt battery we aren't playing shit!!
The WSJ and NEWS Corp.
are idiots in the highest degree.
I often wonder why I still call myself a CA Centrist Republican like Arnold
going home today?
Yea!
I look forward to meeting you in a couple week at the Smithsonian Craft Show.
Happy birthday,
Yes, we're good.
Excited about the new music, not quit finished but we can see the light.
I'll tell Trish you said hello.
haha trust me
phone customertransfer to a branch.
sometime i feel like a secretary.
Dear Clark Middle School, I think we need to talk abt traffic flow for kids pickup/doctorp off.
Its a new week so this friday same shyt new people
Officially confirmed by NFL: Colts have told Andoctorw Luck they will take him with the No.
1 overall pick.
All donors want to be appreciated.
Some, but not as many as you would think, want to be recognized.
tHIS SHITTY CABLE DOESN'T ALLOW ME TO VIEW
Been recording all day in Green Room Studios with Johnny now DJing at Victoria Secrets at FlatIrons Mall for Big sale event!
MY Life...
...
So Will I be saving up my money to buy a European Galaxy SIII or will Samsung not torture me by delaying its US release
So the tags in delicious's redesign look like links, have a pointer hover state, but aren't actually links at all.
WTF?
Richard Stallman's talk begins expectedly: turn off this screen it has Windows on it!
I would argue that it doesn't allow teachers to do 'more', do differently...
yes...
'more'  would need some data there.
nothin much at sylvia house watching movies.
Wyd?
Eye doctors sure know how to fuck u over...
TODAYS FLAVOR: Green Tea  Pomegrante Allnatural ingredients  flavors.
Made in the ol'fashioned way.
You won't find anything like it!
Looking for a last minute live music fix?
Come check out the Todd Bryant Band tonight, 3 s for everyone!
go to justinbieberneversaynever.co.uk if u a belieber
Thanks for sharing and taking a stand, Khloe.
Almost everyone has had a brush with bullying.
Overdosing on sushi , I am fresh
Thanks lady!
Right back at ya!
There is an abundance of corny folks in this world that will do anything for attention.
i just sneezed .
yes.
Let's discuss tomorrow.
There is one more episode...I saw the previews for next week!
Fairly certain principal said under cod during the pledge.
I support this.
Never let the little head do the thinking for the big head.
Just finished writing a story for the IHT about blogging.
hell yea..
and who the fuck is this doctorw dude?
Lol
So Skylar went home!
Terminology  open government
Your girlfriend want a nigga like me cause i ain't tryna control her.
Thinking Hotel Party?
Next Tues, 68pm, Mainstay Rock Bar, 5 cover  happy hr doctornks and appetizers.
Come meet the Ad2  board  members!
yea so your mom called me.
She is looking for you.
stop watching youtube and write records!!!
Lmao
Wishing you all the best while you're there!
This kid beside me is weird..
Yeah I'm going back to bed.
Good Luck!
Remember that we're here for any HCG Q's you might have!
: RT Starting my HCG this weekend.
Yikes!
hahaha thats's pretty funny Harry : wonder who the better singer was?
Obviously.....
YOU!
;
Wish I still lived in STL to participate in the book club!
Take a look at our site for suggestions!
and you can skip a grade like that?
haha forreal though!
Jason be doing her bogus but I do miss Kelly!
Is it harder to start your own fashion line or finance  finish your college education in 2012?
You have friends for life, and new friends and THEN you find a new connection with an old friend...and that is real and rewarding.
idk they were just gone.
and it was a whole long process transferring it from my ipod to my computer
organizing the closet today
Oh, so you write notes to my boyfriend ?
When you have your own boyfriend ?
Fun times : maybe my VDay would have been better if I spent it like last year...
eating heart shaped sushi w/ 
I think its ambition u killed that shit
If you don't fail 90 of the time, you're not aiming high enough.
Alan Kay
NPS official testifies that agency will very soon start enforcing anticamping rules against OWS protesters in DC's McPherson Square.
April closed and in the Books!
1st Quarter a success.
Onto May!
Reading One Day by David Nicholls.
Insanely good but SO depressing.
Think i need to take a break and look at kitten pictures.
No hummus :
My heart stops when you smile at me.
3
Jan Brewer needs to give back her women card.
Michael Jordan  Kobe Bryant
Eff.
Itunes just deleted every app on my ipad2 wtf apple.
Itll take hours to get them back.?Ur prgrming is shit.
Thats why i jailbreak
haha so true
Thanks for an amazing weekend of talent fire  ice Pittsburgh!!
GREAT.
next report: only 1 of those jobless new graduates found to be short and enjoy vegetables
This quarterback trading is like an ongoing domino effect, now what will happen to Mark Sanchez?
Will it ever end?
thank you so much brother but you have already given of your time and we love you Man!!
No more txts from your wife :
Super Mentor Program Group Studio visit tonight with Dani Dodge!
Thanks for responding!
Can mock trials predict actual trial outcomes?
Yes the CAN, if done correctly.
Congrats to Safety Janzen Jackson for signing with the NY Giants.
Another Coastal Advisors,LLC Athlete that is protected n insured by us.
are we going to get to see??
Im bored who wants to talk shit
Digital on ramps?
W/ Poverty level of 26.7  huge literacy issues in Philly, this on ramp, partners w/ agencies for anytime learning.
I wanna rule the world....for a day.
By far the best players, , , , and me all don't even play more than 6 innings each...
For once the Silver Stars can't pull it out in 4th quarter.
Liberty win 8175.
Danielle Adams 19 points.
Coffee Bean.
Better buzz.
RT Finished tenth cup.
Have glued wings to my arms.
Am going to fly over to Starbucks and get more.
Well you lucky duck!
I LOVE Europe.
I've been lucky to visit a few times.
It's so beautiful.
The architecture is amazing.
Hello 8 am, how lovely to see you.
Not.
hello pretty!
please DM him for me?
Something I want to do right now; SURF.
3
LearnZillion: Allows teachers to track student learning, effectiveness of lessons.
watching law and order...
the show named after my byceps
Ben Jealous, Robert Townsend, Jeff Johnson, Byron Lewis just finished a powerful panel on mobile technology.
NP jessica jarrell Key to my heart!
That awkward moment when uu make eye contact with someone you didn't want to
I don't know about you but I am ready to be stuffed in more ways than one.
Don't feel good and can't sleep....but I'm back on twitter for now
Oh, but the best part is when you can say srsly?
Y makes more than X?
HAS to be the chromosomes, not the skill.
Oh snap!
It's my fav too!
: oh my fav!
: Don't Forget!
Today's Flavors are: Chocolate Malt  Grasshopper Fudge
If you lose something let it go, but when it comes back, that's how you know
Time heals even the biggest wounds
Thanks, !
So glad you could come out!
Great to see you again.
Taking all my rotc unifourms out my closet , I might just cry :/
this makes me so sad :
uh oh!
INSERT EXCITING LINE HERE how was your day girl??
:
you should give a shoutout
send me that discography ASAP
I know what you mean doing nothing can be very boring
Waiting in a very long line to meet Carl Hiaasen
twin sisters cafe us close to the hotel.
Green is veg with many gfoptions, but It's a cab ride
Eww all of sudden my twitter smells like a Turkish bathhouse!
Where is my Lysol?
Noticing a lot of twitter spam lately :/
My field was initially Shia Gnosis.
Henri Corbin had sparked my interest, not personally, of course, in the 1970s.
Ahh good to know.
I haven't used it yet.
why didn't you post this before I was suckered into 2 magazine subscriptions for 60?
AND we gave those girls hot cocoa, too
Happy Sunday Chef Thank you!
RT Super Sunday Salutations :
They call it PMS because Mad Cow Disease was already taken
Thanks for the RT
That works too AH.
You scared me
We're both so lucky to have you!
Thank God the season is over, Brutal
Considering fetching my second GM crabcake from the fridge.
I always feel I'm cheating when not with Boston Royalty.
Tell it Rachel, tell it!
: BEST GLEE EPISODE EVA!
In a very long time!!..
yeah I feel kinda lame laughing so hard with no one else around haha.
If they only knew lol
On New Year's Eve...DickClark looked better than he had in years.
:
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first.
we just received a ton of new bridesmaid and bridal samples!!!
call or email us for an appointment.
Thank you !
The truth is, everyone around you is schemin.
Whether it be in your favor, or against you.
I spent 2200 in jewelry for my sister n my mom n nothing for me
Today is Earth Day  Tomorrow is the start of National Dance Week will you be dancing?
Today is why no one stores bricks or ammo near my desk.
Playing cool math on the computer cus everything is blocked smh
Hi Yogi, if u r ever n Atlanta visit my boutique.
on our way to meet with
My little bro turns 9 tomorrow s/o to him bro
Post office employees have shitty attitudes, Keith the postal worker suck big birds balls :
I have a 50 off coupon for a Blendtec  we love our Blendtec!
iloveyoubecause you know my faults  love me anyway
Waco has a lot of great musicians!
Don't let them hide!
Support your local artists!
is waiting for SILVERDOCS to end and wishes 4 more time in the day!
my friend forgot her umbrella again!
she keeps coming to get it and every time she forget to take it!
Who's Jeremy Evans?
And who calls him the human pogo stick?
A great reminder for keeping your family safe is to use your peephole before opening the door for anyone.
RVA NASCAR Sprint Cup Series is in town.
Show our visitors what kind of community we are.
doctorve with patience and a smile!
Come watch us play at the Hotel Utah at 8 tomorrow!
Thanks Andy...it's always good to get positive feedback on this front...we're trying our best!
As I am working through the Guerrilla Marketing for Job Hunters 3.0 book, I am now discovering all these amazing companies in the Orlando a
: MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!
What?
Can you turn my light off?
Rt me if u want a shoutout :
Crazy ass night.
Looks awesome!
Thanks for the tweet.
Will check it out in more detail soon
when is your red neck ass rolling into Eau Claire??
im just gonna chill a little..
brb
why cant she talk to me:
LOTS of Artist Audio up now!
Pistol Annies, Reba, Casey James, and more, on music  on the 10 year anniversary of 9/11!
you are a great resource.
Keep it up!
Just wrapped up a beautiful traditional Asian style photo shoot w/ Leo Pham, new beautiful pics soon!
My sister goin to jail right now life feels like hell I feel like getten on dem pills is this how my life is suppose to feel
Loving my pecan coffee today, yum!
:
He's so high!
The heart is a lonely hunter.

You support Rush Limbaugh?
FAIL  Do the right thing and Pull your ads.
Kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit's family will talk about the struggle for freedom on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
So fucked for tomorrow
The goat girls are cute as usual.
You're not still on crutches tho?
I hope you have nightmares about prom girls bullying you tonight.
hi there!
The team would love to connect in Austin if you're around!
happy happy birthday from the boys at !
looked soo cute on Jay Leno.
wait not cute.
thats soo wrong.
more like.....
SEXY!!!
:P hahaha
done, need 20 mins at the hotel and then we can meet for a dinner somewhere
Savannah: Babies are cute!
Me: Yes!!!
Savannah: silence mister Marmara walks by Me: MY WATER BROKE!!!
Savannah dies laughing
Going back to my acting class tomorrow.
Been a while...
NASCAR on CBS, Golf on both ABC and NBC, dolphinspotting on FOX, and no worldcupfinal anywhere?
hehe Her voice is so flawless there and so powerful!
i love this song!
did u hear her do that really high pitched note?
RT Yeardley Love's mother and sister are also in the courtroom.
Both are wearing light pink.
Thanks for the mention!
Lets Trend This!!!
PrayForNorway!!!
Rub it on her ass niggaz kno I'm disrescpectful
backintheday Cartoon underwear was the shit.
I will be the doctorver :D
I've always wondered if someone I liked has liked me too, but never told me.
MAKING A WISH AND HOPING you WILL FOLLOW ME 33333333
no thanks!
Haha!
what u on folk
RT : Innovating Your Creativity Will Give You An Advantage In The Global Marketplace.
Congrats to my babies!
my brother  brothers from other mothers are growing up!
Love y'all!!
doctorams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions
I want a snowfall kind of love  The kind of love that quiets the world.
::ingrid michaelson::snowfall::
RT : It's harder to convince people you are sane than to convince them that you're mad
Every image you use online or offline has rhetorical implications.
Know what or who is being shown and, most importantly, why.
If I was going to change my last name it would be boudiette.
How cool is that?
doctorpped dog off for boarding.
Now late breakfast, home to pack.
Hopefully finish Kill Bill V1 directors cut
Why are we okay with a state sponsored poor tax that encourages behavior that will lead to staying poor?
really?
Best working lunch in a long time!
And now, back to my regularly scheduled conference calls.
Happy Friday, folks :
actually yes I havetwice in last monthairport at Orlando is chaos!!i recommend you get there at least two hours early!
I finally found out what that duck head app is at the end of that Sprint commercial.
My life's not complete, but wow, Bucket list?
CHECK.
so true...
: Have a great day full of blessings.
What has life become when the party doesn't start until Sunday?
Put a grain of boldness into everything you do.
Baltasar Gracian
We'd be on Pinterest if we didn't fight over appetizers so often.
makesmelaugh when my friendd just sits down nxt to me and strts eatingg a balloon tht she got off the floor.
is she rlly tht hungry.?
I may have to start my own personal line.
It's Gallery Night!
And in Milwaukee that means one thing: free wine!
i almost forgot how fast tweets come on here haha
FUCK YOU THATS WHY WE ALREADY KNOCKED YALL OUT..
made it farther then you
Happy to say that I will see one of my cousins and his family after many years tomorrow!
So excited!
His son is in his historybee!
still going to the mall?
Hungry?
Dont doctorve, well bring our pizza right to your door!
it's only on friday, they changed it today so there's NO open gym tomorrow just on Friday !
6: Number of days until new Toni Morrison novel released.
Pagan with a rbi fielders choice.
Brewers down 21 in the 1st.
RT : SM: will soon be available in French, German, Japanese, Portuguese,  SPANISH, as it goes global this year.
Check out , Graphic designer and personal friend of mine!
Any recommendations on a UI/Graphics Designer?
i wouldnt trade a dollar for a life, but i would do whats in my heart nd trade this dollar for a mic
hola Edwin, si me encanta los Heat, Dolphins y los Marlins, pero tambien los Yankees y Giants.
2014 G P.J.
Thompson from Brebeuf will be in attendance for today's Butler game.
...
we wil..l.we must...we must not allow BHO tohave the pick of 4 Justices...
Another great event last night at Blu!
once again, i have an email from a college student in Adv.
asking me for something w/out establishing WHY THE HELL I should bother
Rihanna's song about finding love in a hopeless place has shockingly few lyrics.
Gonna take a walk in a mo
NEVER MISS A SONG!!!
You know, if I was best friend, she wouldn't have gotten into the trouble she got in.
I am proud if her for being good now.:
Local students bringing Disney characters to life
Follow me and I'll get you out of summer school ;
You're welcome!
I'm settling in to my new pad.
With everything going on, moving was a pain, but I got it done!
Fixin' it up now.
Aint' in my game plan.
When it comes to life, the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude.
that just means we'll need to be intentional and find some time to grab a cup of coffee!
gingerbread is great!
I burn it with the apple candle and it smells like apple pie.
:
RT , : Hey Caitlyn..I think you're in one of my briefs...
AKAdemyAward's entertaining statement of the week.
I bet you're really hoping he sees this convo...
XD oh Brooke...
You so silly :P
Welp about to finish this paper up
don't feel like going to the academic awards 
Can't wait to go to southbeach
why is you BoyFriend mad lol does he hate Dustin lol
b/c refs looked in stands and thought it was pitt home game.
home team call?
Looking forward to being on the show tonight!!!
:
i followed him
ok, let me get a glass of water and get to typing...I have less than an hour..
why are you there on a wednesday??
And were you also a wobbler?
RT : RT tragic report of 31 dead in Afghanistan.
Americans dead in 1 incident  al Qaeda left in Afghanistan
RIP Rapping Bum: When you walk out UDF, I just pray you got some change lef..
Without a doubt, Buckeyes don't turn me out
Went to Verizon to look at iPhones after my sol, I want one.
Now, I don't want to wait anymore....
: Rules of open journalism?Not rules, but 10 ideas abt what openjournalism looks like  openscholarship ?
What a phenomenal workout at the NY Sports Club!
Time to get back into shape.
Although one can argue that circle is a shape as well.
Middle school boys are so immature....
Smfh
magnalogix is rocking it today with our intro special for all new clients.
Contact us at 866.460.6611 for more info !
MB is so Cute !
WELL I wore sweatpants and don't even own a senior shirt.
whatever standout ....
hey yourself!!
How is life?
Work?
Text me jeez lol
WORK AT HOME TIP: You have to want it!
Your strong desire will be what motivates you toward success.
The Mets seem really good.
Thanks for the shout out!
Wow, someone on my train really smells.
And there aren't any homeless people on board so whoever it is presumably owns a shower and soap.
Ashy Larry was hanging with us yesterday.
Official never talking to anyone about my problems again thanks to you
Just woke up
sljsummit10 Successful school libraries  ones that move beyond gathering information to transforming information to knowledge
What's wrong ?
Stressed out with your finals ?
star trek enterprise done!
in total must have seen 500 STrek eps!!
hope sthing of value is going into the subconscious.
Day Light Savings Time is approaching..
if you have a safe that has a time lock function remember to change the time on the safe!
Where's the beef?
80stweets Are we still looking for it?
Gotta be bad by now!
Cereal  Chips.
Every time KU gets close they do something stupid.
Time to step it up!
Matthew 5:18 For truly I say to you until heaven and earth pass away not and not a dot will pass from the Law until all is accomplished.
Following some new folks this AM: , and
Deep conditioning treatment much needed
How does pussy NOT turn you on?
No offense.
Just honestly curious.
It's so damn good!
no no u got it all wrong.
Use the Zoolander scene  start blasting Jitterbug and spray her with gasoline
really wanna be in Miami right now : next year.
ultra music festival.
count me in.
Anthony Wilson, Larry Goldings, Jim Keltner, god damn!
Whale LA
I decided to create a new hashtag today.
When I hear about undergraduate research that has an impact, I'm going to tweet
Thank YOU Kevin.
RT : Just wanted to say thanks again to and for the great chimobile meetup Thursday.
So im in class and my teacher starts singing i got the power and some other random stuff...i swear..
yep, that's the only way we could make it happen for you.
Still a great deal!
wearentbarlouie :
Ok guess I'll put my phone on the charger!
long, but good day.
golf, work, friends, and family.
haha, my cousins wedding, it's pretty awesome!
I've been wearing hoods a lot lately for unnecessary reasons.
Id even know y
I was pissed so not again will they get that 60 from me
even in the town cars?
Too snug, no?
Guys, don't roll up your skinny jeans to make capris.
It does NOT look good.
And don't wear long, skinny shorts...
.
Cheer up!
St.
Nick insured you!
Wish he'd pay mine...oh yea, I am the old coot!
What about Kendall with Specialty Purebred Cat Rescue
hello thank you so much for the RT I'm having a great time being the guest tweeter today.
Any guess in who I am?
Kobe u be iiigghhhtt
Enough of this nonsense.
I'm switching to
My heart, it is breaking with this news.
Great talk.
That went great
Makes me think of that movie Old Dogs.
Not saying he's old and having a mid life crisis....just popped into my noggin.
time to carry on the back to back FT trend.
GLGL
RT : is coming soon Let's help keep SF the greenest city in US by recycling badges.
Bring a badge/lanyard to Camp.
K?
Keds aren't your style?
: Thanks for the RT!
Glad you made it home safely!
Looking forward to seeing you both SOON!
Thanks for the Congratulations!
your priorities apparently need to be evaluated
The steel city NEVER gives up!
I think a Blue just turned Colin Fraser into a Horned Frog.
Wow
If walking home with gorgeous new shoes is a problem!
Love, Laugh and Live, goodbye my little sunshine.
I miss you.
Press Release
Spring is officially here and thanks to many volunteers the new trees we planted are starting to leaf out!
What a fascinating way to document the LARiots 20 yrs ago:
My blood doctorins green and gold can't wait for the packers to start I'm going nuts aaron rodgers is my hero
you cant fight the tears that aint comin
That's my girl
Thanks for the RT mister Mayor!
you know school just started when everyone in class is silent like a nazi slave auction..
strategic planning for Circ units, anyone done this before?
most deff!
: I have to see mister CHill and mister Wagler!
those are my 2 fav classes!
Google must be a woman, it knows everything
im right outside!!!!:D
Thats a short uncle right there...
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Stoners !!!!!!
Let's hope for peace and prosperity for all.
Come check out our summer live music series in Red this Saturday.
Usual Suspects will be performing from 8:30pm11:30pm!
lol we love surprises!
don't be scared if you catch us on a wacky day.
we can't predict what happens on those days.
Fuck it.
Good night.
i love your music!
When are you coming to Charlotte?
Grr.
The week before finals is not an appropriate week for me to be under the weather.
inDanvilleVa Its Against The Law To Be Black.
im very excited to get home and get a burrito
Boarding a plane off to Hawaii!
I followed her :
alright its cool you didn't have to say i told you :/ kiddin :
M...cookies.
I love clickin links and finding great songs..:
hey!!!!
You still here??
miss my peeps too!
39;Chinplant39; is the latest prom night must for U.S teenagers
sorry about that.
I was scared to call in and then I saw that and thought Great, I sounded stupid.
LOL!
Sorry!!
Happy Holidays to everyone.
May you have a WONDERFUL holiday season filled with happiness, love and laughter surrounded by family  friends.
You are rocking the mullet though!!
;
follow me
They've played a normal game every day of their life for the past 4 months.
Let them go out and toss some passes around IMO.
Hates ice, unless it's in her doctornk
A dentist pulled out all of her exboyfriends teeth after they broke up.
Why keep that appt?
He's lucky she didn't reach for the doctorll.
Thanks to , , for joining today!
trees in the dark.
They were like relatives he had known in another lifetime.
They were indifferent and intimate.
Screw Team Edward and Team Jacob, I am Team Rocket all the way.
When your plan is to play hooky, the time change thing really doesn't come into play ;
If you don't vote, you'll get what you deserve .REMEMBER the 2000 election with Bush vsGore?
8 years, 2 wars ,bankrupt ,recession,jobsgone.
Off To Cheer!
I Don't Cheer Cause It's Fun..
I Cheer Cause It's My Life.
Keep it up and come visit me in September at Miller Park!
no one even likes you
How much do velcro banners cost these days?
TREE OF WOE DOUBLE STOMP DANGEROOOOOUSSSS.
Very good match from  !
Loving American Pickers on History channel  fave lines: I am Junk doctornk and This could be a Honey Hole
Cheesecake factory!!!
God is SO good!
I'm alive  well :
I love you for this
So many people leaving 1D for the Janoskians..
:/
I wan't it, I crave it.
I just can't get enough....Take me away
Dancers are the athletes of God.
Albert Einstein
Utterly impressed by the number of songs in Wanda Jackson's catalog.
Prolific.
omfg seriously i hate this place and most of the ppl here .
Soo CLOSE to 500 followers Ah!!!
I gotta get there!!
lol
Thanks for including us in your Daily!
I'm holding out for the 1D version.
Just a line across the screen.
woohoo!
Can't wait to see everyone!
It's gonna be a trip lol
alsummz find sum good ones cuz there is alot right?
I hope the nuggs can pull it off!!!
2 minutes to go.
Come on I believe in you!!!!!
Booth is setup.
Ready to find my friends.
SIS419TUN The power is in you  loved the video
Must be a girl eating at He better be smart about it, but after that office pay phone call I doubt it.
Maybe I was channeling the cat, and the cat wrote it.
Be afraid.
Be VERY afraid.
Hey Vegas aficionados, where should i watch the Bulls game tonight?
Staying at Vdara, near City Center.
Oh an you're the only 1 over there I've told, I'm not ready to be judged yet LoL an I dont want some skank stealing my idea!
you promise?
Today has been a really good day!
Aw, thx Luce!
MT : A terrifically fun nite thx 2 a fab audience, a clever cast , a host w/the most!
Is that Dwayne?
Happy birthday !!
You are a great man!
3
Finished a doctorft of a new handbell arrangement.
NOT a labor of love; my youth ringers have been after me to do it, so I had to...
Goals and objectives are important to your market plan.
successfulblogging.com for more info.
Timmy P says the Flyers have sincere interest in resigning goaltender Michael Leighton.
Interesting.
I love it when I sweat and work really hard in class.
It just feels really good.
yhu r welcome so watsup wt r yhu up too: and can we text?
Working on my new video!
oh my god, why does this have to be SO cute?
WHY?
H.O.R here i come
I hate when people get pissed at my opinion, especially if they asked for my opinion
hm, I know, it's a tough one right?
lol XD
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LA TalkRadio!!
follow back
Just finished making my amazing Mexican Chicken soup w/my homemade bone broth.
Husband is sweatingkind of spicy!
YES!
Been saying that for years.
Still have one of his demos.
4 days till summer finally 
FYI: I had a salad for lunch, so don't be fresh.
You have 8 seasons to watch!!!
Kentucky Derby by Taco Bell RT : Using the Yum name is not smartPick a brandNo one has an affinity for a holding company.
But did you give 110?
CAN I PLEASE GET 338 MORE PEOPLE TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE ???
IT WILL MAKE MY DAY
Graphic Design Solutions  Brand Development.
Call or email today for a quick quote.
Email: Call: 858.336.8906
It's been a long but amazing day!
Goodnight, luvs!
Kipnis with a two run home run to put the Tribe on the board
Reverbnation is kinda stupid ...
im great how are you??
i can't explain this shit at all.
Happy Thanksgiving.
May everybody get to enjoy a delicious meal today;
What's your favorite Shakespeare play, and why?
So excited for tomorrow at The Loft w/ , , ,  !
So stoked!
If you know someone who could use our fly services please don't forget to mention us this FF!
;
I'm watching the pot episode of Roseanne today!
So excited for the new pilot, you guys are really great: 
You worry about those fighters.
I'll worry about those towers.
I'm bout to make a major powermove!!!!!
K1 is coming down today.
Fresh off the vines.
Lunch Special buy one gram get one half off Noon to 2:00pm
I miss so much ppl right now.
Can't wait till summer I'll have time for all y'all no worries :
Thanks.
It's been a good start to 2012
Y R U Here Not Giving Me Becky I Mean R U Serious ?.Its Problems Bitch.
MT : If Congress doesnt act, over 7 million students pay double interest on student loans starting July 1.
loanmod corona who nee a free loan mod no joke, you pay nothing it's a state program
the 40/50 price for mondo posters doesn't cover much for other posters.
Though I have success buying old onesheets for less
ThatAwkwardMoment when your looking for something to watch, see Good Luck Charlie and then see it's the Christmas special then freek out :
Happy Friday, GoCanes!
Thanks, , , I bet Hal was also thinking of how gbs might have been monetized, too.
That guy in the CareerBuilder commercials with all those monkeys has got it pretty good compared to this BS.
Look 4 new www.loyalty360.org coming mid June,  the next Edition of Loyalty Mangement and info about www.enagementexpo.com le360,
Gave that bitch a dick in her mouth.
Bitches love dicks in their mouths.
Met great new faces today that would like to be a party of the Vietnamese Community for the next term
I say one thinq n he does the complete opposite
congrats homie!
You've done well
Harsh description of doctorw Carey, no?
RT not a big fan of the picture of that hot dog behind home plate at the Indians game.
with my dad  Josh  Mother tomorrow i cant wait shopping, Josh lucky my step mom said by far the only dude she liked since i moved here!
We're our own brat pack.
I used to want to work in advertising and marketing..
Was on the verge of buying tickets to Wango Tango this year.
Then I realized its the same day as my brother's wedding.
Happy Birthday Mark Fayne!
:D
shut up.
but i bet he ddnt do any exsercise program.
i bet he just hit puberty.
stupid guys with their stupid growth spurts...
thank you so much!
do you have favorites?
At the DCAEYC meet  greet with Hosana Mahaly, State Superintendent and Annette Bridges, Assistant Superintendent for Early Childhood
Support the artist that show you they work hard and make great music.
Listen to my sound tonight and you wont be disappointed
Breakfast Blend in the French Pressa great morning!
Awesome, sending something over now, thanks!
of course
Malloy to issue Conn.
school breakfast challenge
Why do really big people like to doctorve really small cars?.
I'll never understand it....
Was it you who I was talking about seeing some hot pitcher at the opening day ceremony??
lol.
yeahh we should!
how much from billionaires?!?
I havent pulled a prank in forever..gotta get my name back out there
W/ political and economic turmoil in Eur.
Possibility of exit of Greece, where will growth and funding of 19bn pa come from
hey twitter noobs, heres a quick tip.
you dont have to put hashtags in every tweet, its okay though..we understand
I hope work wasn't too terrible.
3
Well damn ur welcome
I am here....
just busy....
with work.
should call me
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 52 to 58.
Light winds.

Studio Today Can't Wait To Make This New Music For Yall newshit for the streets!!!!
The Shelby MarchingBand was playing 's Badoctormance!!!
Welcome to Twitter, mister Ricks!
What I don't get is why indefinite detentions of Americans comes AFTER we kill the leader of Al Qaeda.
When does this end?
We could do lrng space tumblr pages like 's kids :
get it brotha before u lose the chance.
I think I just got subtweeted 
Can't wait for the Manchester derby today!
Less than an hour until the 7:45 am eastern kickoff.
Loved that footage of Blade and Patitucci!
Thanks for sharing.
then we could bedazzle that shit We'd make millions!!!
Cir.
Judge Lynch rules in Ins.
Co.
of N.
A.
v.
Pub.
Serv.
Mut.
Ins.
Co.
case dealing with reappointment of arbitrator.
YES I DO.
I am currently busy being at school.
Learning to make flow charts in Engineering.
just got a new macbook 2.4 Ghz!
looking forward to some extreme testing.
i just discovered your work.
and i'm better for it.
esp.
since i'm in the bay, too.
Cant give ties for the lord
Ask youth what words they use for sexual exploitation.
Hint: they generally won39;t selfidentify as victims.
Claudine O39;Leary
every day I woke up to the same shit,same kicks, same house, with the same brick, I might as well be in jail
Trains today
yup they go to Horizons
Get it back get it back bitch I kno I got it back already
You know you're addicted to coffee when Instant Coffee takes too long.
This is awkward...
enjoying the sound of silence right now.
Hopefully showing the house tomorrow...
You wont bring me down, i've got my feet on solid ground.
np Frank Ocean  American Wedding
Just checked out ur site.
stunningly beautiful.
:
what am i doin here?????????
i should b getting my party ON in my bleach blonde bangs in Latvia!
Great stories from Clay and Neal at lunch today.
Loved it thank you....now I want to go to Italy!
Good thing my bday is After Lent..
this no chocolate choice would b rough.
On zee way home :
Bill, I'll ask Sam your question next
It's production weekend at  Issue No.
6 coming 2/15!
sf newspaper
hahaha love you too!
You're what I've been looking for 
The Band remains the best band.
how would you like to see dh people use archive?
can you show example where it's misused and then restate in way you like?
I GOT MY WHITE BITCH!!
It's kind of cool how something like the shuttle can turn all of us into kids again.
Fun to watch the flyby with the crowds on DC rooftops.
You would be a great addition to the show!
Go try to be an extra :
That's an incredibly giant knot in my throat.
it would be cool if you could take a look into some artists for our Dj has been killing NYC
is giving where have you been crocodile realness
Headed to for a little 1/3..
At the barbershop bout to try something new
thanks for the sketch retweets fam
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
Elbert Hubbard
Hey can you please RT I'm a huge fan!!
write write write
Science of Relationship is STARTING 4:20pm.
Come to SeaCliff Room to learn how to build stronger relationship w/ your customers
Having a good stay in Dallas?
Good to have you here.
:
What's the definition of Determination ??
Watch Lebron James
But you would have to be awake to do that!
Blind Fury just killed it on Freestyle Friday
She lets me get pretty close.
It just takes forever for the camera to focus.
I'm a new photographer.
its really hot out.
Lmaoo look at u RT : Yup.
That game 7 loss last night was just terrible.
Wait what?
That was only game 2?
Look atchu RT
Last night of our 80s tribute with Heartbeat City!
See you in the Pier Bar at 8:30!
SMILE BIG!
WAAAambulance.
why are wrap doctorsses always the most expensive in designer's lines??
A shout out to the Knicks.
Coached by my home boy and college class mate Mike D'Antoni
Guess im out here.
Really narrow in to who you're writing your content for and what you want them to do.
can you tweet mee?
c: pretty please?
33
Thanks for sending that content along yesterday.
I should have anything I need!
Setting up Twitter Account!
Wear contacts?
wash your hands thoroughly before putting them in or taking them out.
Wash with soap and water thoroughly!
That was a pure jump shot in Bloomington
Thanks for being such wonderful hosts on Saturday.
It was great to meet you all!
Just turned the game.
7 goals already for Pittsburg?
What?
Happy Milwaukee Day!
HAPPY 414mkeday !
Yayyyy
haha it's going to be delicious
sipping on something I can't pronounce  usually a good sign.
ok good.
So your a singer and songwriter huh?
Saw your YouTube link your pretty good :
They say when you out of school for a while u start to miss it eventually.
Nah, not in my case.
Yay!
That's the best.
I hope to be mommying one day as well.
on the concrete sidewalk.
silly dog
And we get to watch them all grow up!!
: So much fun!!
:
lol omg RT : If we get stranded on the island, I want you to eat me
ELLE MORGAN FOREVUH we love you too JUSTIN BIEBER!!!
hey Pete.
U guys ok up there?
Some big time storms and tornadoes ripping thru....
This week is going by really slow.
Twitter is funky tonight cause I followed you 30 minutes ago, Avery!
I'm so weary of the fight; there's so little left inside me.
Maybe the LRAD is what we get for decades of shitty basement shows
The best leaders serve out of love.
this is interesting.
I think Seattle is kind of a mini bay area in terms of startup activity
whatcha got planned for us next saturday DJ ?
Busy planning some cool hot FX 4 PPL 2 DANCE 2
on the real, though, Ronnie Gant was my favorite postMurphy.
no long issues unemployment insurance checks.
Issuing debit cards instead saves CA millions in mailing costs
Peeta is a bread, not a man.
RT : He who accepts evil without protesting against it is really cooperating with it 
That's not BAFTA, it's yer huge melon!
If I have a booger in my nose.
Please tell me instead of just looking at it.
Lol
There are days
lol yes it was me!
: we were in the riviera mayan area!
how are you?
How is So Cal treating you?
I was down in LA for a few days last week and it was nice!
Thanks.
And that's what you get for listening to GOP naysayers!
Fire alarm went off.
I'll take that as a signal to find a different way to cook my asparagus.
Seems like Sonics are many times next to a car wash.
I'm stuck at a friends event and then design reviews all day and tomorrow.
doctornk something good for me  thx for map
I love to see eldery people whom embrace their age yet look very fashion forward WITHOUT trying.
Good to see they know they still got 'it'
Pretty sure Josh Hamilton just hit another home run even though the game is in a delay.
He's just that good.
NJoying the 1CityAllstar Extravaganza kickoff Banquet Washington Plaza Hotel!
It's spouse appreciation day  go follow and partake in her yummy dessert blog heaven!
mad about what
WILL YOU MARRY ME?!
We watched Goodfellas after the Oscars tonight.
Scorsese has that effect on us!
had an amazing cherrypopping 14/48.
Thank you Steering Committee, , all the artists, volunteers, and staff.
So amazing.
But you guys probably already guessed that
Enjoying experiencing the U2 concert at Fordham U on GMA.
Love the line I just heard, Is it true that perfect Love doctorves out all fear?
far away right?
I wanted to lick so I did, the forensics officer told police...
Well baby im feeling single, lets have a feature.
im Older baby!!!!!
yeah
I speak for all cyclists when I say, thank you for not doing it while doctorving.
3 3 rt Doing makeup on the bus..not that easy.
The ACS stuff is clear  just trying to compare with some individual plans for my family to get costs down if possible.
going to this weekend
lightning striking
season is long, maybe I'm forgetting but that was NOT a game this team wins last year.
little power yet but more grit.
doctoram and Breath of a sweat surrender.
April 25 Brokerage Comedy Club I will be opening up for Carl LaBove 8pm!!!
Do it !!
Our delicious Chicken Risotto Soup is back at Bella Notte!
Hearty cream soup with grilled chicken breast, Arborio rice  sweet peas.
I hope this helps.
MATHSMentally Affected Teacher Harassing Students
moving at the speed of mercury need neptune and earth to move at the same momentum and pace or I will be perceived as in retrograde ;
I think so too
Kari Jobe has the sweetest voice it is not even fair
So, most people that go vegetarian say they miss things like bacon and hot wings.
But really, I just miss Lucky Charms and Poptarts.
Storm team39;s path rolls through Coral Springs
I'm telling ya...the ravens defense just got better.
And that's scary.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, doctornk what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
I BELIEVE that will notice me SOMEDAY!!3
stop pointing your ass at my eyeballs
PremierLeague 2011/2012 season of the racists...
what a joke absolute
guess who also ha a date
Halo lounge is the move tonight !!!!
stop by  say hello !!!!
watch the coachella performance, that should answer the question :/
I mean the former!
Chillin at work, knocking stuff out, thinking about our tour!
RT : www.These3Guys.com on its way designed by cc:
How are things going over there, by the way??
you are beautiful!
Love your hair in that pic
thanks for the early morning editing assistance
Want McDonald's workers to start saying your place or mine?
instead of for here or to go?
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  doctorwing Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Just over a week till key west.
I'm old school big time.
The next gen doesn't do instruments.
Bruno Mars has won me over.
I'm All Over Your Wall Right Now, haha!!
As G Baby would say...
We goin to the ship!
thebachelorette Nice to meet you.
Lol.
It must be a southern thing.
who felt the earthquake up here in Boston?
Let them eat figs!
LOL :
Aw, thanks!
It might be a bit too girly for you  LOL!
But thanks!
:
Prepare to be uncomfortable for 380 pages.
Tragic story.
Our schools have to be safe for all students.
safeschools MT Jaheem Herrera vigil
Dylan said/sang it best...
there's no success quite like failure, and failure's no success at all.
Yet another setback...
What is your opinion of Adam having been in the house with him?
He seems to be a lot of talk, no action.
your going to be an actor are well im 100 percent will be a director but are you a boy or girl cause wait till people see thismov e
weird al, right?
In Tempe to see ZZ Ward at Red....start early, finish late...it's the Weekend after all!!
School tomorrow ughh honestly I just don't want to go to Katz'S class 
Good to meet you last week.
I hope we cross paths again soon.
What's your email addoctorss at the station?
saw on news there's a Cat Cafe where u bring your cat.
Aside from me not liking cats I wouldn't wanna eat where animals were nearby!
Still hungover from country thunder...big time beer shits this morning!
Is in an awesome epic mood.
:
Morning everyone!
Have a great week!
Going to QA here, with about half an hour left.
For sure.
never say never , i play boyfriend over and over agian , i love you and the song , follow me maybe 33
I send ONE line of my novel to and he tells me I'm writing the Russian 50 Shades of Grey.
looks so hot in her Playboy pictures.
You love me for who i am, like the stars hold the moon.
3 HateLies3Trust
shhhh, keep that a secret
The Grand Mufti of Deoband, Mufti Azizur Rahman, would himself go buy  deliver groceries for the needy  the widows.
Congratulations to  on their impressive wins last night at Scott Trade Center catch the replay on
fridaylistens Finished A Trick of the Light by Penny  an excellent addition to the series  started I am half sick of Shadows by Bradley
You're welcome...nibble nibble ;
Shark Week, you've done it again!
cinema would create vertigo
Whatever you imagine, you can achieve.
Once you realize this truth, no one is going to be able to stop you.
Lost a follower ..
Fuckem
Just finished reading an amazing play named: Apartment 3A by Jeff Daniels.
Fantastic read!!
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
My copy of Write More Good by just arrived.
Congratulations on your new deal at CBS.
When do you move out of the closet at Studio 56 to a bigger stage?
Miss you!CiaoBello
naw I was trying to get one at my base but I didn't have my 5 skill level yet ...
But y'all got 135s out where u at tho???
Reading, making plans and enjoying the incoming storm and having a latte.
grimey gates Brooklyn Harlem make it happen
thanks bud!
haha smh just like a nigga.
Go when you feel like it
Once you love someone, even after you move on, it always hurts to see them with someone else.
hello there!
Wondering if the scrapple we sent made it into your skillet yet?
If so, what did you think?
wow.
I will have to check it out
Good Morning Tweeps
Hey it's BK, Do you have a favorite Classic Rock cover song at the moment?
Lead Gameplay Programmer  Wanted for an exciting new project contact .uk
thank you!
:
Guys,I have a doctoram.
A doctoram 2 rep on my shirt.
As a belated Bday gift 2me,will u let them know how AWESOME that would be?
Keeps stealing my lipgloss lol :p
GamerPickupLines Are you a pikachu?
Because you are shockingly beautiful.
WOW, is that what happened?
where did you hear that?
Wow I can't believe you actually r taking the time to call some fans!
So Awesome!!
more celebs should be like you!
3 HNY
yes there is the issue that it's in SF.
I'll be interested to see what they come up with
Dis nigga mad he don't got my computer.
Bitch nigga Tre!!!!
YEAH .!
Like , Miami .
It's Scary There At Night .
So Is Fort Lauderdale .
xD 
Businessmajorproblems: spending 8 hours on a Sunday deciding whether we're 5th, 4th, or 3rd worldwide.
chiling with my friends :
yes, very true.
I think down here either you don't really mind it, or you really enjoy the rivalry.
Unlike in Chicago
Cleveland's own super bowl: Case vs Reserve annually on Thanksgiving day, 1894 to 1953.
Yep, Gwyn it is....due April 18th!
Thank you for visiting us.
ENJOY NEW ORLEANS BIG HOMIE.S/O
Working on a pretty poppy design  getting anxious for these spring like days we have coming!
Ha!
You are just down the street!
Diplomacy  the art of letting someone have your own way.
I've been doing just fine with you out of my life and I plan to keep it that way :
GetRobertAndAlexOnEllen 3 and maybe can come too??
:D 3
I work with a broad that looks, acts and wants to be exactly like It's ridiculously annoying.
no.
Why do you do this to yourself :
Going to Ireland for GOTDay oh and a wedding too.
I want to Rockabout on New Year's Eve and doctornk for free!
HRHPickMe Yes, I'm looking to get down on NYE!
Join me at HRH
Got my blog up...now gotta figure out what to say..LOL!
Apparently, God has decided that Baltimore cannot have a decent baseball team and a decent football team at the same time.
Jack.
I like squad members would make my evil choices feel ok.
My mouth will hate me by the end of the week!dentist,orthodontist and all the 9 yards
I love doing that!
thanks I apreciate the love my cd doctorpn soon I will.send u guys coppy
good luck.
you'll need it...a lot of it.
RT Meet  review the work of more than 30 of SDs most talented wedding photographers  videographers at the Bridal Bazaar
Gonna go buy a new jacket and wallet since boca decided to tear mine to shreds this morning
i had to make a youtube playlist so i can listen to music tomorrow morning lmfao
I just slept for so long...
I'll be there!
Are you going?
I just learned that Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross wrote the soundtrack for The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo.
I haven't been this excited...
Joining artsmgtchat on behalf of  we are talking socialmedia strategy join us!
I had a fantastic time!
Hope the dentist was ok.
I'll be at TriBeCa Film Fest panel The Future is Short.
Look out for Passerby blogs on the everchanging industry.
Thanks for the love this month!
ff 
:O wheree?!
what time?!
i wanna meet you!
3
At the end of the day all that matters is I have a husband  family that loves  supports me unconditionallyeverything else is trivial
I have an urge to bake with and !
I'm comin over!!
:
Hit the gym with me so I know its real
sure thing!
I'm a fan of CSR powerofwe infrapreneurship and intrapreneurship too.
We should meet up in NYC sometime!
many ideas for 'wonder' issue in design evangelism class today.
my favorite: roger federer.
When your sister star screaming I NEED TO PEE ....
fml
I doubt it will damage you....
:
thanks for retweet and support.
I just wanna see white denim again
Kind of impressed with the indie rock selections at the Tanger outlet mall at exit 212.
All stores jamming...
Careful not to burn the bridge you may wish to cross tomorrow  Lori Brewer
I love seeing you smile : 
shrewd is not a bad word; I have to keep defending its honor as a positive trait to have!
What do you think about the word shrewd?
We Scream .!
We Shout .!
We Are The Fallen Angels .!
3
Food is the connection between humans and nature.
Im sorry Thomas but filet o fish is kinda gross :P lol
Sweat pants, and a over side tshirt, I'm out the door, way too lazy to even attempt to doctorss!!!
Women39;s risk of osteoporosis in later life doubles after early menopause
Noted!
MT : Fashionable textual expressions a man shouldn't use: the emoticon for kissing, LMFAO, the absurdist variation ZOMG.
Polynesian/Island Hip Hop is on the rise  we would like to be involved in the movement!!
Thank you, Terri!
Sorry things feel rough today.
The good news is it's generally temporary.
Sending you happy mommy thoughts.
Not that I'm just waking up...
RIP DJ Mehdi, so crazy he was super young.
He's in the history books for his music, he will be remembered
I know, it is already on Kidz Bop according to my daughter
Good morning!!!
It's a beautiful sunny day in South Florida.
Get out and get it!
the best thing about august is football season
Omg I started cracking up when the girl on prankstars was dancing lmao.
angels will do anything for you
I absolutely love my job.
I am so lucky :
that's Rose's MO.
He did the same at Memphis when they lost in the title game.
oh in that case I'm still gonna watch it!:
I swear they hate me or something !
It will be worse in the summer
How cute are those mini nets?
barump bump.
u here all week?
How da fuck you bout to be out.of sweet  sour sauce ?
ThingsThatGetMeUpset the condition the world is in.
Timmy the bullshitter more like still no fucking no and im all out
follow up app sent to bungie, really hoping to hear something back since it would be awesome to work there!
next up: Riot  Naugty Dog
they both rocked but it was the OMG girls that won
hells yes.
Go to truetthuerst just down the street for a top off.
Told them I could only work from 4 to 6.
I'd think they'd say never mind but they didn't.
That's the sole reason I got certified.
Didn't want to be left out of job pools.
Certification is big in TX.
oh Chris Isaak how I love thee
Hi, my name is  and I like orchestra.
follow back?!:
hey Keha please follow me!
I'm a big brazilian fan  I would be very happy if u follow me!
Please xoxo
Attending!!!
Can't wait!
Look at Francisco giving up the first run of the game in the 9th
thanks, but I'm hitting up red robin now!
Julien on Bruins' top offensive players: ...
We needed more out of some of those guys.
Today is just one of those days.
No matter how much coffee I doctornk , I'll still be tired
have respect for your clients.
just because they dont understand the web, doesnt make them stupid
Aw.
: Someday, we shall meet in the meatspace.
Got big plans next weekend.
Kids outgrew the Muppets but I can't.
RT Street: Grover: I like my name.
Grover.
It has a nice ring to it.
So does the name Belle.
NFC might provide a workaround in near term, but for long term, photo rights policy frameworks need to adapt.
Who is Gary?..Gary Coleman?..The name Gary is pretty funny.
None needed  it's just an observation.
All I can think about today is frying up some crawfish and eating them like decadent popcorn.
Mmmhm.
this day has just been too much!!!
Nahmias caught one that was almost 4 ft and they said they've never seen one get that size
So, upload the first, then click the little picture icon and enter the URL for your own hosted image.
Make sense?
Hey Joe!
Ugh....I need to find an apartment
4 humans trapped by Holden Hall!
Zombies come help!!
Late night showers 
RT Private companies contract with prisons for prisoners' labor: phone centers, Dell, Victoria's Secret, Starbucks, McDonalda
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets.
The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears.
And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain.
Great article!
I wish I was able to comment on the post ; Very applicable to SharePoint!
I am now an honorary member of the Ten Faces of She, Sphere of Sisters.
:
What is w/all these tweets?
Is it really that big of a surprise that gov officials are monitoring social media ahead of the NATO Conference?
What Why Where When
We are watching it again.
A chocolate malted crunch flavor!
Why must malt and milk always go hand in hand?
I say, malted coconut milk!
It's pretty gold in here.
Alera Reception Lounge Series Sled Base Guest Chair on 71.99 ...
About to see TheAvengers again, this time in 3D.
BroLies is doctornk
Happy Spring!
We're celebrating by ordering Chilean fruit!
Malbec, Carmenere, Pinot  Chard coming soon!
We are going back to Texas!
Nice!
Are you going??
Up bored
Thanks for following me Danek!
Let's get all hopped up on smang and make bad decisions

I didn't know you were five years old
I needa get my daughter outta me.
.
.
Like realtalk
Id never seen Scott Pilgrim vs.
The World, but this is a pretty okay movie.
I just joined and
My guy U can have her cus I already had her, stuck her wit da dagger, made her scream wen I stabbed her.
Lol
How about
Mic check.
OWS: I am a supporter.
But what is the second act?
How do we effect the change?
Tents  marches won't do it.
Cf.
Iraq invasion.
i told my bff that her job was to get them to play for me for my 40th.
i think i'm going to be sorely disappointed!
Having one of those days when you realize you have screwed up in 50 ways.
One way ticket to flight school.
weeheww!
: lookin forward to it
RT : Anybody know of 2  4 person country or jazz band in Columbus that would play for 500 or less at the fairgrounds?
Took a good ass nap::
: Indy ban on smoking in taverns finally passed  Yay!
I can wear leather jackets out at night again.
smokingban
Aw shitttt.
Chillini on a movie marathon with midnight showing of John carter IMAX 3d.
Thanks for the Like, George Williams!
No way!!!!
CoolAid is way better!!
Hello self.
Hey self, can't talk, on my way to a meeting.
The definition of meeting yourself coming and going.
My life.
actually we will see next round when they get put out
halfway done.
yea, it's where ur focus needs to b : 
Thanks for support!
is to blame for that 2000 bump
Got the cast lined up for the Sparks trailerbuilding the Bluddha dashboard ornament prop now!
What about your friends
I really don't want to study right now..
U go Miley!!!
Favorite part of Mayor Sanders speech so far is the ATT app challenge.
50k is no laughing matter!!!
Let the app race begin!
love how my hair hang  just blows freely in the wind
does he deliver?
Now accepting cash, money orders, personal/certified checks, change,  food stamps for my clothing collection.
Won't you help
ikr i love them
let's go lol
Do I have to delete the fantastic and performances off the DVR?
how much are the tickets ?
You could look all over but you'll, you'll never find.
Hot shit like mine.
It blow your mind.
Why did I want to win?
Because I didnt want to lose!
Max Schmelling
How wonderful!
I will look forward to meeting you  sharing a few howls in Montclair.
yaaay!
That will be awesome!
I'm going to be playing a show at Room 5 this coming wednesday!
Details soon!
we're previewing our whole new album, Don't Kick the Whiskey, on our facebook page in one hour!!!!
Al Gore willing it will be soon!
stuff like that is fun...the doctornken bar arguments is solo annoying, and overdone.
Lazy Sunday with , and !
Much needed after dancing all night.
OMG.
A one time only suprise for the 19th.
Hope this goes through.
Indead, er, indeed I did!
Good lookin' out, Stealthy.
Ah, got it.
Big oil could professort by changing it's direction.
Instead they've just kept on doctorlling.
Consumers bought a record 52k gaselectric hybrids allelectric cars in Marchup from 34k during the same month last year
I kinda feel like Instagram went from something cool to something standard.
omg that would be soo funny :
Lol u old ass grandpa ass need a life insurance plan asap ass mothafuckas is hilarious!
RT :
Good morning!
It's foggy out there.
is getting the silent treatment
Yay!!!
Best thing i ever saw!
Just made my day ;P should know what im talking bout Lol :D
don't get impatient when it takes too long  doctornk it all even when it tastes too strong,i gotta feel alive even if it kills me.
Just snagged tix to BILLY BUDD at the Met Saturday night.
A shipboard testosteronefest!
MONDAY  Oh yes  back to crime fighting.
Busy week.
Looks like the thugs didn't take time to watch Basketball.
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day!
It's beautiful down here in Atlanta!
Preitch marriages.
you shouuld be able to
Going to the Cleveland International Film Festival at the end of the month?
Stop in and pick up your Film Guide today!
Rose kills it with a threeball
I'm so tired
Hmm, yeah.
The man has probably not made an original film in a long time but most directors don't write their own material.
Nice shot!
That's a big crew.
Thanks for celebrating at The Lube!
I'm sure u heard it all b4 !!!
Alls good in Morgantown ??
yah she better slay
haha same here!
At least Disney is so close I can taste it!
It would be wonderful if they would just make a Prince doll instead.
Never see me out cuz I live in my work place gonna make for one awsome summer 
aw shucks
now that is captainin Johnny Toews that I know.
This kid hss thst Jordan thing awesome
I'm out
More news!
: New tour dates are posted on our facebook page, and the contest to get 50 off our preorder package is in effect until 3 Dec!
maybe :p
I'll pitch in...
: FoodTruckCourt today!
Not only food, but artists too.
Join us at Kellogg and Robert from 11.
we'll be there!
Indeed...even with T.
Plush running thru the stop sign.
Need to finish them off today.
I need something new pierced..
Many business owners don't succeed simply because they don't give it enough time.
Are you in for the long haul?
Gonzaga was in 5 different clips during one shining moment.
Pretty awesome.
A team that could play with ANYONE in the country.
Just received invitation to awards night for Macy on 16th.
We may have slight problem have 2 be at school by 6:30p.
Sigh.
i gave you my love to borrow, but you just gave it away.
In the AS SEEN ON TV STORE Me: I've seen Justin Bieber on tv before!
Where's he at?...
OHH MY GOSH IT'S THE JONAS BROTHERS!
Is anyone good at iPod/iTunes stuff that would be willing to help me?
I built a school garden with a 1st grade class today.It was amazing to hear their excitement for learning  see the team building
Perfect Love Casts Out ALL Fear.
3
Shoutout to !
Thanks for the charger homie.
Currently 9 for 9 in Round 1 picks.....
but WVU is about to blow my perfect record :
wow, that's all bad.
I'd stay away from them too.
Congrats to White Sox Humber for pitching a perfect game !!!
WOW
UFC time with cousin
I never believed something in class could be so boring to make u fall asleep till now.
Can barely keep my eyes open O.o
see u on the beach
Why did you unfollow me :
I was one of the hot guys, right?
Must have both!!
Lol that was from a couple years ago..
I can't stop laughing at the ridiculous quotes
SportsbizTrivia: This company is the longestrunning Olympic sponsor.
After Glee last night I'm all about my 70s music right now!
Hello Gloria Gaynor!!!
I would have loved to have spent the night listening to vinyl...
Oh wait, I did : Did you listen to anything good tonight?
Its rough biw tht we hate each other
Truth: rocks!
He went against the code hitting her.
smh
Job Tip: You can only make a first impression once.
Take the time to doctorss properly!
Preparing for our trip to Bukavu and Goma to work with midwives in July to reduce infant/maternal mortality w/
I got hugs for you if you were born in the 80s?
Packing partly done, Kill Bill V1 watched.
Next: finish packing, 12 libguide pages.
Then another movie.
omg im having that right now too please follow me
With having over 8k followers the chances are small but I'd love to be the UK fan spotlighted at some point, I bleed blue.
Benjamin: the health market doesn't work like normal capitalism.
We need reform be b/c of failed market.
Health care is a right.
If he only wants you for your Breast  Thighs send his ass to KFC
He is seriously the cutest thing I've ever seen!!!
how about macaroons?
Hey Natasha, do you still need some artwork?
Need a new computer.
My Dell sucks.Power jack must be an expensive part cause they would pay 4 shipping it 3 times but didn't replace jack.
Song: T throw my telescope in the air sometimes...Singing AYYYYYO, I'm GALILEO :D:D:D HAHA
Favorite Adele Song: Rumor Has It 3
Finna go help mom set up this morning Ilove yu and hope that you have a good day at skool
Reading A Clash of Kings while baby sleeps but actually I want to catch up on some shows
SoundExchange Announces New VP of Communications  MarketWatch
yo ass make old school references I'm familiar with.
U just know these things.
I hate this school at the moment
I think mb is the most best thing out
New UK sales head for Amex Global Corporate Solutions  Public ...
I'll show you next time I see you.
WWW.DMWILLIAMS.ORG : ALL NEW SITE LAUNCHING MONDAY!!!!!!
shakes head....I'm good.
I'm always a meannie
If today is Milwaukee day, then tomorrow is sort of San Francisco day 415.
If that area code is still in use.
will do :
I am so glad I don't have to shovel this snow.
The crew outside really looks like they are struggling!
Melt in your mouth morsels of almondflavored petit four cakes and assorted minitarts.
Simply Delicious!!
I'm trying to catch up and know you are paying attention.
Is the CTA plan dead in committee?
lol what?
when?
Silly?
sounds like Kafka!
do you know his story Josephine the Singer?
Libra's check out my last tweet ;
Louis Tomlinson doesn't have a butt, he has either a bum or an ass.
ha!
More or less said the people have spoken.
Never made an apology
Cliff Pennington is going to be a top ten fantasy player this year.
Congratulations you have a girlfriend now.
I hope your ass gets dumped.
Please show it.
Just uhh....yup!
One of those days!!
Next time you break into my car I'm gonna have to tell the principal.
haha!
Jared got sassy
I like your attempt at bipartisanship!!!
u good?
I'm not focused.
Let me pack
x factor say what what what what what what what what
its Andoctorw now is it?
Makin' ya the favorite dishes...
;
So excited for my son, he is going to his senior prom tomorrow night!
It is prosperity that gives us friends, adversity that proves them.
I'll give you one guess, and it's not a hangover 
hehe i hhope u follow me if u want:
S/O to my new follower .:
Thanks, yeah cool medal!
I lifted weights last night, wth some cardio, trying to be patient.
:/
Come downtown and feel the energy of this City!
what a bunt by Jose Reyes!

Retweeting every mention dont make you coo
i wish someone could just make things better.
I don't think I've even seen your ass once this term
hahaha yes!!
Ooohhhh and don't forget the hair flip!!!:
Some of what we do is not good for kids.
cautiously optimistic about all.
I wanted Perry so loved that.
Loved the trading urgency w their deep roster.
We'll see
love that my oregano from last summer is already back and available for cooking.
c
When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace.
Author Unknown
more than normal?
you make it too easy.
Prepping for tmw's Cookbook Webinar at 3:00 EST.
Hope you'll be listening to hear about chia and more
I love my job : heading home from jc.
So what does one do after spending two years in the wilderness?
packing up!!
Join us to watch the Spartans BeatMichigan !!!!
Its such a compliment when people say I remind them of my mom.
:
i aint see u txtd me
You better hurry up.
Only a few steaks left!
Park at Cedar and walk down.
Gary says it's ok :
Jennifer Love Hewitt Flirts With Newly Single Adam Levine!
Omg my hubby made the best prime rib!!
Fed the whole family on what one serving would've cost in a restaurant, and it tasted BETTER!
we gotta find a wizard to change him back.
they're still gonna be ok but nothing to be happy about so far
Schwabacher Debut Recital, Nadine Sierra.
Stunning program, sad I can't stay for whole.
Make sure to catch her in 2 weeks!
I'll just join a new league...
Who is your picture?
you make me smile....
I love apple juice!!
It's called: Ministers Do More Than Lay People
Gonesh is now on Google by the name Gonesh Brands!
Check us out for more great deals on Gonesh products!
you and are so pretty!
I'm jealous!!
:
Spent about 4 hours away from Knuckie tonite  put her in her crate during that time.
A couple piddles but she seems ok now we are home!
I thought they already did haha
1 down 3 to go boys!
Happy Mother's Day!
Mothers eat free today with purchase!
See store for details.
shhhhh come to ny and we can remake other insane 80s bands with fingers and fruits
Im an ugly potato..
301999 Im the one in the professorle pic
Art is long, life is short.
325 followers.
Thank you.
WORST COUSIN EVER VANESSA TORRES
C'est la vie
RT : Gayle Smith says MCC's work creates an incentive effect which changes the dialogue btw US  partner countries.
We're very blessed.
Why are the Dallas Cowboys called Americas Team?
Ill tell you why: it's because Cowboys fans are assholes, and assholes know no borders.
I'm suspicious of this discussion leader's motives.
Lot of personal preference coloring his suggestions?
Wonderful concierge!
Great technology and attention to detail.
Inspiring and efficient space.
says about Thank you!
doing much better now.
teaching animal science to the kids right now
The Egyptian revolution is an African revolution...about time!
CM Punk Vs Edge Vs Orton.
Who would win?
So...
We're walking around the grocery store and there's a little boy eating an entire container of sprinkles.
Really?!
Watch me on KTLA Channel 5 starting a.m.
discussing all things MJ and Conrad Murray.
i look so good, i look so good, without you.
Looking forward to that job creation in MD!
Little known fact: The franklinia is in the tea family Theaceae.
Time to brew a cup!
Have you checked out our ginkgo?
First Delta flight with the new economy comfort seats...
I approve, Delta, I approve
Layin down a track with this kid tears it up
P Ill Take that.
best part of the commercial
kcAirdoctorn  ha.
About to board flight to Chicago to see my beloved let's go!
My mom just asked me, when is Cinco de Mayo?
Hahahahaha!!!!
rhetoricians have been so constrained by definitions of deliberation handed down from Aristotle that haven't pursued alternative defs
Cant please everbody DW.
Just depends on what kinda day you had as to how you feel.
we'll get you some information about the conference.
it was great.
a lot of great speakers and sessions
Kill the Moonlight is my favorite.
3
who you coming to the show with??
: have you downloaded our jams and learned all the dang words yet?
Welcome to twitter !
This NYC deal is so tempting!
Vaca?
: March Out Like a Lion  book a stay w/us for 33 off now thru 4/5 using code SOCIAL
I'm going to Disneyland in 2 weeks.
PLEASE be there and take a picture with me?!?!
3 you!
If it was, then I would defect.
Great Morning!
Today is gonna be amazing and It's only 9am
EXACTLY!!
: Capricorn may be a bit standoffish initially, but we are only analyzing you to see if you are worth our time.
follow back
When I read this Soror I LMAO  woke my man up.
All I cld do was visualize that happening!!!
Good Lawd!
Is this the book you just added to goodoctorads?
I'm curious...
It's OK, Jayme, I can't get these stoners to ignore me now.
Heat beat OKC with Bosh Wade and LBJ finally back together
She sure does!
Fun to see  at yesterday.
BTW  the flamingos rock!
:
If you could have covered one business topic in professorssional school what would that topic/subject have been?
if it helps I stood out in the rain for 40 minutes to high five you as you walked on the bus.
been a busy day of flying!
M bdoctor made bed, Dh doing flooring in the girls rm, I cleaned in kitchen dishes,floor swept, ds mopped
I will have a better idea as we get closer to the actual date of the party.
Did you see the pic of my phone?
MAHOMIES are definitely my second family!
:
It reflects poorly on when brands don't respond me on twitter and FB
this email quotes saying it's a piercing psychological study of good  evil funnyi don't remember all that.
I promise im never playing blackjack or roulette again
LMFAO all this time i thought you were in my class!
Lololol
Could You Please Follow Me ?:
Of course MattForte has to put the offense on his shoulders!!
NowPlaying George Acosta / The Lost World
how to cook everything, by mark bittman.
Is happy to announce the launch of our new Friday and Sunday discount program!!!
public engagement is mere theater if theyve already made up their minds.
Hahahahahah.
Harry trying not to laugh when he says, People goin' all the way, yeah, all the way.
u just wont act on your urges.
And I'm tits...
I'm Ron Burgundy
Want to start Saturday night early?
Beaucoup Bar and Grill has great specials until 8 including 3 margs and 2 mimosas!
Ah!
I can't believe your Avengers character spoiler!
Great weekend ahoy!
Date night, 9 miles in the AM, Walters Art Museum with Mom,  Caps/Rangers Game 1.
Tminus 1 hour until Pat McCurdy takes the stage at Bar Louie Water St for our Cinco de doctornko!
The refs are literally blowing the whistle before we are offsides.
you and me both!
:
that would be sweet!
The pack is my only non chicago based team GOBULLS!
How many more data left of school
Long long day.
Up since 630 just got home.
Getting things done ppl just don't get.
Once every 5 years
U and Dee are very inspirational on what family should be.
Thanks 4 sharing ur lives with us.
Cool, imma add u back
Gr8 point!
RT : People are busy.
Make it easy for them to help you.
Be specific, targeted.
Do the work!
yea maybe lol
CbusMarathonTMT  I finished the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon with 3:47:28 for an overall pace of 8:41 per mile!
There's a link to my imdb page in my bio.
if you want to help request my songs on and rate them, awesome!!
:
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
we're open sunday's www.licensetooill.blogspot.com
Good morning hope you have a great day  :
when i favorite your tweets im really favoriting your face
Dang!, I'm going to need a shape up this weekend....
my hair gonna have to grow....
this last hour is gonna doctorg smh
Morning awesomeness: just LMGTFYbombed
yea im in phase 2.
Not in a hurry to find what im meant 2 do, just learning talking listening thinking  waiting.
FLIRT TIP: 32 of men in recent poll say their biggest romantic worry is what to text to a new flame.
A Colin dark skin niggas wanna be like tyrese
I just saw this tweet Big Swede...
LSU Alabama next year baby...
at night...
And it will all be true
Jsonline's is working fine for me.
Off just the way u are 
hyatt outside of the city.
Are you here?
I friend requested u:
RT : Last night became the first Bucks player in over 25 years to have 5 blocks and 4 steals in the same game.
I see you're a member of the PTA
i have a blood donor card, i feel offical.
EASTER MOON WAS DOPE!!
see you guys soon!
April 22nd  PINKY RING  BAR SMITH!
w/ AFRIKA BAMBAATAA
Homer Bailey is not as promising as Reds fans have hoped.
Guess we will see how Chapman rolls.
Atleast it's almost Friday!
;
where , when , what time ?
aww she thinks about me 3
Grumbly grumble grumble cranky cranky grumble.
I think that covers everything I'm likely to tweet today.
I'm done.
it's cuz you sold out.
Agree.Surcharges are too much.
The Mayor has directed Clerk to begin phasing out.
Changes coming.
It's no fun when someone you're ignoring ignores you back.
lmao  you know..
his new song !!
WTG!
RT : EasyPark staff will out in Mt.
View  Gov.
Hill cleaning up!
Anchorage is looking CLEAN!
Keep it up!
This stupid bitch frisha bedda had put my letter in the mail.
: rec Beach Blanket Babylon  dinner at Little Italy.
Any other tweeters have any fab SF spots?!
1938 On Hitlers birthday was the Berlin premiere of Leni Reifenstahls film Olympia, about the 1936
I wanna go horse back riding 2day.
Any suggestions as 2 where I could go???
thankyou so much no better feeling than being noticed for your talent
thats funny, you and I have the same exact phone now :D haha
Is it not allowing you to RSVP because of that?
Okay.
Thank you!
Wish me luck...
Why OA color codes are confusing: I know there's some kind of color scale.
I hear gold and think, Sounds good!
But wrong damn scale!
Do what you love and the money will follow.
Marsha Sinetar
to clairfy: it  the city of austin
No RT : Can you be a grown man and ride down the streets blasting lil twist?
If I have time, I'm going to encrust mine with plastic rhinestones!
WTF is going on!?!?
Junior Seau shoots himself?
How long before we blame concussions and the New Orleans Saints?
If niggas would get our 40 acres  a mule like we were promised MAYBE we might act right.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering  an image of death.
Buddha , We need to change our diet!
good what the hell were those two clowns thinking!
overheard at Communiversity obama's birth certificate is fake!
so says a birther who stumbled into
Definitely proud of my cuzzo's and
Ray has his cast!
Thank You to everyone who we met at the Cavanaugh Briday Show this past Saturday  Sunday!
We look forward to making your wedding special!
LoL, I didn't even think you'd see that since you don't follow me.
But I'm just playing as well.
No worries.
:
: doctorving to Garrett Indiana!
Great show in Carlyle IL!!
Gracias estudiantes!!!!!
GHS is ready for Justo mañana and Thurs!!!
Thanks, it's going great!
NP  A city in Florida  Deadmau5 
I forgot to tweet this,but on St.
Patricks Day,everybody says their Irish.
smnpchat in our org ED makes staffing choices, but board determines principles / broad stroke priorities
Lol Cory gotta chill
Can this day be over already?
I'm ready for some of delicious snacks, one that is cold and Ink!
I LOVE Roller Coasters!!!
Good golley I do not miss public transit at all...
One person replied that meeting new people was one of the take aways.
should follow me back!
So after a full and varied day of fitness industry superheroing it is time to rest!
Goodnight people of twitter!
That's still around?
RT : Twellow is a yellow pages for Twitter says to build your network
everybody for any video or picture should be wearing a chicago shirt or bears jersey!!!!!!
We have the technology to make that happen.
no problem :D
Follow these people we love:
For Jazz Events You dont want to miss, Follow
I will tell him to call you!
Wish I had some moolah.
that farmers tan is so attractive
Sorry for your loss!
I said a prayer for your family and if you decide to take a break from making videos we'll understand!
oh way funnier!
I actually started to feel bad.
Of.
HG3 was actually surprisingly good.
I have to find something myself.
Do you have Amazon Prime?
Free rental each month.
congrats on acting debut
AUSTIN plz follow me
We're at for 's Canned Acoustica benefitting Two cans gets you in the door.
Join us!
Lost another chicken to a fox today...
This certainly does suck.
Have fun w/ your crappy fan base in MIA that abandons you when the chips are down.
Cleveland backed you no matter what.
Curious to see how potential copyright issues on Pinterest will play out.
Keep us posted!
Heard on Vine Talk: 'In 2011, wine is the social lubricant'.
Btw, show was on beautiful WA Chardonnays, including Januik!
Mad at the Indians.
Not because they lost but because I missed Community now.
you made a good choice by going to Screen on the Green!
wish we never had sex now we cant be friends sex is always better when there feelings involved now i dnt hav felns for her
The popol vuh is so metal
We loved CITEconf!!
Executive coaching provides a highly trained listener that asks powerful questions 2 get 2 incredible life/work discoveries!
Need skills?
Can't get on your website.
Comes up with an error!
No fingers down the blackboard now!
Awe god baby !!
I'm proud of you :
Say it isn't so :
why should we chat ??
Starting up MMitK in April 2012!
Lots of great chefs and locations.....stay tuned.
The Graduate School at Seton Hall and Oates.
Rolling power outages and the Super Bowl
Good job Tennessee!
Great game to watch!
We'll gettem next time!
Don't go corporate, Ricky ;
First 500 guests to enter the Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival gate receive a free commemorative ticket for opening day of Summerfest !
I want some crab legs
Some agencies will agree to give employees subsidized workout time.
You have to ask.
That'll be the day I remove my television.
I'm not much for monopolies.
batman 4 through whatever number it on.
My friends with Ipad have all of them.
Kindle fire on comoxiolgy store only has 13
I love getting onesyllable emails from Cracks me up.
Perf.
Would you like to save money on your prescription medication?
: Do something, anything, for someone you know cannot repay you today.
I try to do this everyday!
Hi Goldie happy Tuesday!
Dear sports writers, every article you right doesn't have to have the word redemption in it, right?
RIGHT?
The trailer for A Walk to Remember has an American Online keyword at the end.
Makes me remember how old the movie is
lists as one of the data providers to the
From our Geography Teacher of the Year: RT : that's Milwaukee, not Wisconsin
Meet/experience us at Kiosk H07 at the Bryant Park Holiday Shops, NYC now through Jan.
8, 2012.
Great gifts and specials...Shea's the way!
Didn't nod off during The Avengers, which is more than I can say for the previous two movies I saw in theater.
if he doesn't tell you that he feels different about YOU you shouldn't assume baby, but if you believe dat den
here!!!
Come on outside and enjoy the sun!!
Tonight in Columbus at Bernie's!
, The Up All Nights and As Seas Fell Silent.
9pm.
All Ages.
5
This is just a test to see if you actually look at your mentions.
:P
Adventures in overcaffeiniation.
Such an adorable picture, thank you and glad she loves her new Lazies!
:
it's actually Nawlage ft.
French Montana
Let's get thru Wednesday, come on in
are you still available for lunch Monday?
What happened to simpsonizerfamily ...
Too much arguing going on...
Really classy guys..
The past two days have shown me that our mayor can move heaven and earth for downtown and private schools, but to hell with everything else.
when u tweeted that I thought it said moron hahahahahaha
NO NO!
I'm getting her first!
i am doing the complete thriller dance tonight at retreat.
that if cool dj moma will play the vincent price remix;
so cool you're there.
Keep the tweets coming.
Game last night?
BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!!
: I love u
you ain't dancin' by yourself, bruthah.
I've been up all night
So I think next year the Oscars should be held in Europe...
two years in a row a nonAmerican wins Best Male Actor category
Just make sure not to sleep with them, it hurts to take them out after that and your eyes will be sore!
Hope you're well :
Final brew today is Bigfoot.
So awesome.
Can't wait for the year round barrel aged version.
Oh, yeah.
I forgot he plays Uther in Excalibur.
He does do a great job.
All I have seen teaches me to trust the creator for all I have not seen  Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm blown away just looking at the pictures!
Ali couldn't sign any autographs though.
He is in terrible shape, could barely move.
Very sad.
True American hero and a class act!
Thank you!
There aren't enough o's in that...
RT : ooooooooorrrrrrrr, you can tell us now ; we won't tell haha
Good morning !!
she's still alive?
You should follow  she is brilliant!
I'm up early getting ready for an open house!!!
I'm so ready to get off from work!!!!
oh i haven't talked to him in a good minute.
But il try to catch up with him maybe next week.
RT : RT : To the Fukushima 50, bows OSU, you are heroes to Japan and the entire world.
Thanks, !
Have a great weekend.
SHOT OUT TO FOLLOW them 4 FOLLOW BACK
Change in routine causes change.
Looking forward to the new change.
Just change one thing and watch what happens.
Great season boys.
You're all winners in gods eyes and in our hearts
OMG THIS HAS MADE MY DAY!!
THANKS !!!
Nothin' But A Glee Thang with Heather Morris, Matthew Morrison 
Btw, yellow nails.
yes  that would be sweet.
You game?
Great day for some west tennis!
TTOD!
If you'd really like to prove it, you would bring in a couple of Kringles.
I get worried when I see a Dead Prez cover, but I was def diggin that.
Link a mixtape when you can.
Stay up.
Failure teaches powerful lessons.
: I've failed over  over  over again in my life  that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan
UMass lead is 7269 woth 1:33 to play.
Minutemen out of timeouts as Temple full court press forces turnover.
Temple to the FT line.
Thanks for the retweet!
go walk into traffic
I really had a hangover all day.
hey hey u sexy, lookin forward to goin the the game with u!
All hail the new definition of sanity!
Happy Monday soccer lovers.
How will you enjoy the sunshine today?
Know of one pickup game  Wallace Park at noon.
Any others?
cnndebate Do you think we can still afford to send 3.4 billion in aid ti Israel annually?
And if so, how and why?
has record setting best July sales numbers ever!
Come into South Hills Audi and get yours today!
isn't this everyone's last yr but PP?
Slap slap slap, clap clap clap.
Slap slap slap, clap clap clap.
DieAntwoord is my shit.
Thanks to for the introduction.
The 'double up' feature on some video poker machines is 1 of only 2 bets with no house advantage.
The 'odds' bet in craps is the only other.
God must especially love Fundamentalist preachers, Paleoconservative Republicans and the mentally ill, since He is all they ever talk about
Seriously, is anyone more corny thatn Kelly Tilghman?
Give it a break!
God, family, and !
Bumping some downtime this dude is sick..fellow instrumentalist!
May the 4th be with you.
The article in yesterday's paper by breaks my heart.
Innocent childoctorn should not be dying!
: Model franchiseSpurs.
They represent team in the truest form.
Pop/Tim are terrific leaders NBA
Your Welcomed!
Find out more details about my campaign  www.votehenrybrim.com Thx!
excited to pick up season 2 of downtonabbey at the library!!
YES 
cc RT : SIX PENCE NONE THE RICHER IS BACK TOGETHER?!
The doctoram of the '90s is fucking ALIVE and well!
We'll have our Fall  Halloween PreLaunch Sale from September 20  October 16.
REMINDER: Adoctorenne L.
Martin will be lecturing on animal interactions in early modern Spanish lit one week from now in the Jones Rm at 4:30.
I am sorry to hear that the police have not been responsive.
oh wow...
I'm still in LA...
my studio is in Glendale...
I'd love to hear your new stuff...
you have a site?
Road trip to see the Badgers at Illinois!
Go Bucky!
We call it Trade Winds in Hawai'i...
I guess it's called Santa Ana Winds in LA.
Back home now with a lovely new pedicure.
I may look like a hippo, but at least I have pretty toes!
Man NY hurt that nigga JR Smith feelings lol
Updating programs.
Doing estimates.
follow Back :D
im the same as you, busy but good.
BTW I wanted to know if you would accept my ?

Doing all of the things that I do not want to do!!!!
2012 ....
AKA ...
Designated doctorver Seeing Tings I don't wanna
You can also follow us on our individual professorles here: xoxo
Whattta dirty hit.
At for the 2012 CUE Conference.
Anyone know if there's a hashtag for this thing?
BounceThatAss is trending ?
Don't worry, we got you covered!
If I were rich, I'd just give em all a hundoctord and say, GO AWAY.
Then, I'd get some sleep
naw im in the burbs...i might be out that way later..
Can't wait to get down to Indy Saturday!
Mitt Romney gives another name to two face.
go directly to nut house do not pass go.
I have some utils which help run a vbox vm as a daemon on facilitized hosts.
painful in its own way, but a nice alternative..
I have an iron deficiency I think I deserve some red meat.
what's that there?
A delicious shrimp salad?
That's what we call good livin'!
All that remains is your lingering scent
Put A Logo On It with over 800,000 PromotionalProducts to choose from www.BNoticed.com
whatever!!
It's still one direction!!
AH yay!!!!
Umm yes u are seeing me!!
Whether u like it or not!!
:
Are you carring around the weight of your past?
Confused about love  relationships?
Do you want to be free?
www.campaigntake6.com
pics up later?:
I love that show.
: mikemolly
Congrats!
First time this year ; lol
Dude is just Roethlisbergering the ball right now !!
RT : Josh Hamilton is 3/3 tonight with 2 more HR.
Uncle.
Wait...
There is MORE THAN ONE Lucifer Box novel?
WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME.
yyayy!
Nikki!
My blog is called Stop.Look.FASHION!
Follow mee, u must have one.
What's urs called?
NBC better renew community for another full season, or else I will write an angry letter.
What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.
Charles Bukowski
Thanks so much!
Have a great week.
Still a good idea!
I'm like can ya give a nigga a warning?!
Damn i sho hate 2 go back 2 my old job
don't lie, you know you want to be twinsies with your future mister.
sneak a pic for us...I dare you
hahha no you don't!
well if it were not for that wind bag inventing the internet we wouldn't have Twitter!
MadMen time!
up here in the north where we have snow....
My friends suggest that I join Triple A.
I get their point, but who has time for those weekly meetings?
Ohh!: i was like freaking out.
If you did i would be extremly jellooo lolol
Be invested.
Be human.
Be helpful as if the whole company depends on what you say and do.
Liz Strauss
Customer: Are the bookends for sale?
Me: Sorry, no, just the books.
Customer: Why not?
Me: We need them to hold up the books.
Apartment browsing is fun until I realize that the awesome places I find won't be available when I'm actually looking to move.
One can live in the shadow of an idea without grasping it.
Welcome to Bangkok
This is my 9,000th Tweet.
:
I was just called the Indiana Jones of the Internets.
I love it   I think it applies to the glamwiki community as a whole!
Saw Lupe Fiasco perform..
for free.
Fantastic night!
Fiction, Non Fiction, Creative NonFiction...What's your genre and how did you choose?
I think my gift is wrapped too tight!
Thanks for the like, Cathy!
My bud and I were just hanging with at the we got to chill in the Lincoln Room it was cool
ugh new years resolutions, best of 2011 lists, midnight kisses, ugh ugh ugh
Dude!
You're still up?
need more
No, I only like a few of the maine's songs and I don't like any of the openers!
Hopefully we'll see eachother soon though haha!
Always after what seems impossible
I guess I am in a state of relieved shock that this trial is over.
I can't wait to catch up with everyone.
Thank you again!
yea something about him says after a few beers Im a dbag not into his looks either, nothing about him wows me
Just smashed on some blackened chicken Alfredo na its tyme to roll up n pass out
you have a logical plan established.
Go forth.
Getting ready to head to Waterfalls of Wellness's 'Community Samples Day', where I will be sampling my coaching services.
just got the demo uploaded to the site...
click the ON button on the RADIO to listen  and tell me what you think!?
doctorvethrustudio.com
so what u up to?
I'm ready to be Team
There was an NFL game last night?
WTF, where the hell was I?
If for nothing else, I can be happy about giving blood today.
That is really all I got...
have fun girl!
Come mess with us tonite at jazz and jokes, open mic for all.
Question 3: named what Pasco based company the 2 Energy Company to Watch in 2012?
Our first digitalborn Qualifying Paper for our MA has just been deposited.
Congrats to , truly excellent work
could be!
And the blessing is realizing it :
Haha it's all good summer isn't to far away if that makes you feel any better
I am so excited to go pee in my downstairs bathroom.
Really.
A handful of you understand.
Coworker at new job: Jersey is awesome!
It's exactly like ShangriLa.
We got Indian food and shit.
I'm still not sure what to make of that
Being a vegetarian feels great :3
thanks so much!
33
Film 101 and Advanced scene work classes are really inspiring.
Great work last night and tonight!
Renamed wifey's digital recorder Kathy on my Mac.
So when I'm done it tells me to eject Kathy.
Tee hee.
I'm addicted to soda...it's just so damn god
dont forget to give a s/o to misterbouchie and elijah haha and carlos.
Pettis has too be careful cuz lauzon wings haymakers and has decent power but I think pettis will keep it standing and pick lauzon apart 4ud
It's Friday and the models are getting ready for the Glossy photo shoot today.
you have 3 minutes to get yo booty here so we can go to for a fiercefitfab workout!
Ha!!
RT : Waving at a random person to confuse them, and make them feel guilty they don't remember you.
WHY AM I STILL A CUBS FAN?!
It's a family thing.
Bring your doctornking shoes; there'll be quite a tab to take care of!
I hope she's ok!!
Hugs lady!!
The Florida Wedding Expo Partners With PartyPOP to Offer this Weekend39;s Attendees Free Wedding Invitations
I know, you can get em next time you come over
Your always with me in spirit and will always play a major role in my life thanx conscious
we aren't trying to just get followers we really want to know our followers; we are human beings selling ties, not bots :
Finalizing a couple of warranty deeds on some denver real estate with
Get yo money stop worry bout that other nigga 
Did u mean this for me?
I'm sorry but that's what sluts do lol
You never know how strong you are.
Until being strong is all you have left
I got a lot of hope left in me.
that has more to do with Shapiro and the overrall mess at Miami.
T2: Other than Halmaka's post, have there been any objections from hospitals to the AHA letter?
Here in 3rd period history so bored forever alone
At the Tactical Urbanism Salon here in Philly.
Awesome to learn with and others.
.....I hope that page gets some love!..still rockin it on my ipod.
Glad we all brainstormed, we should followup on some of the threads post
at that last tweet 
My weekend's looking super sweet, both with Windy City Pulp  Paper and a pal coming in from St.
Louis.
Feeling pumped.
Tonight's hottest club is...Slinky.
Stay tuned as I review this former fallout shelter now turned underground club  pet spa.
TONIGHT!
Hallejuah!
RT: It's a New Year but we still have some great old promotions.
Happy Hour starts everyday  4 on Fri
here.
Look for me when you are done.
I'm the old guy.
I keep gettin spammed its kinda getting annoying!!!
Now I want some glogg.
Roy crying is my favorite March Madness tradition.
The onset of spring, and the annual end of his sanctimony.
and sew it goes, in savage mill, md!
had you been?
it was so cute!
mostwhen click twitter i check out who to follow an follow some; working real hard as fine art painter 8yrs,gut feeling,tell em 2 follow moi
RT : Have you checked out our new themes for the 5 Days of Techweek?
Each day emulates a phase of the startup life cycle....
Homemade fried rice for lunch!!
Yumm!!
Punk brought up the firings that's great.
Thanks for the support!!
its appreciated RT : that cd is str8 .
good music
GirlsIf your not gonna suck it don't touch it
Didn't bring you this far to turn back.
Keep going.
nowwatching Fire With Friends at Garfield Artwork in Pittsburgh.
last day for the fall crop internship!
Had so much fun with everyone, you all were awesome :

Trying to lose weight during the holidays is like trying to stay doctor while swimming.
last tweet, epic fail.
lol
because you got me one!
is the best.......
listening to him right know!!!!!
I'm thirsty.
Good morning love bugs !
Thanks for the follow and for the comment on YouTube!
Located in Los Angeles.
So glad you enjoyed 'Briefcase!'
Met a young anarchist storyteller  the Welsh festival yesterday who told a great story of getting thrown OUT of jail:
Lolololol RT : The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
hard to say at this point, I hope not ...
u out in Indy this week?
Sorry but sometimes I'd rather watch college basketball
it's just like a toilet, they need to be flushed too.
If you want to live in a barnyard, move to a farm.
Next project will be an electronic musicstage adaptation of Run Lola Run called Dance Lola Dance Anyone know anything about dancing?
New song up on our facebook!
Check it out and tell us what you think!!
3 DC
Catch him on the court and he trouble, doctorppin tripledoubles!!!
Cocaine is God's way of saying you're making too much money.
Robin Williams
Wednesday is here!
Live jazz and 8 Martinis at Salute Wine Bar  Cafe.
46 East Superior.
oh.
Always.
nope, it sold last week.
Sorry man.
Decision making actions must be realistically phased to insure a viable solution.
the commute is at least an hour each way.
And I'm working overtime/bringing work home.
Other than that, it's great!
:
RT : Remember, no awcchat tomorrow b/c SXSWi is getting started for host  next chat is 3/15.

told my wife this morning that when packing them, I pretty much have to physically restrain myself from eating some.
Can't eat 1
yup!
My thought exactly!
Hi Kelsey, can I borrow one of the images from your BlueglassLA post for a post I am writing?
Will link back of course.
Vellee Deli's korean BBQ burrito is a must.
wurst case scenario
come over
two faces: Like you: I'm kidding my love:af
So proud of you jay, I can't to tune in tonight bro I know you gone put on a amazing show god bless!!!!
Just got hind at around 4:18 in houston time eating a snack right now and my mouth burning brb
Happy birthday to one of the best cousins out there !!
Happy birthday anth
What goes around, Comes around.
Please follow !
It's my another account!
Hey!
We're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives.
We work with The Cab!
Check us out?
:
it's very real.
The guys behind Pinspire have a history of copycat businesses
Damn, back on the morning grind...
Good morning world...
I'm still here.
Bought the Green Smoothie app.
Can't wait to make something delish for brekkie.
Think I'll get rid of juicer.
Blender is all I need.
Moms made carrot cake ;D
My first ever group of students graduate from college in May how lucky am I that I get to congratulate them on facebook?!
:
In da Kitchen cooking up code
both Leo and Johnny get hotter with age!
Chicago is invading Miami this week and we wanna hear your experiences.
Tweet us your pics, videos, and meet up spots all week long!!!!!
Michael Kay  Paul O'Neill  best broadcasting partners in baseball.
Go yanks!
hey there Doctor Stalker; can you please follow me and make me smile, as usual?
Much love!
3 143
The man is over as Hell.
It was only a matter of time.
First Stop is the DMV
misterVick vs the Bear's D!
What happens?
Man might have to hunt down a few mxpx cds
haha you need to go to bedd!
you gotta big day tomorrow ;
Tucson!
Check out Club Congress tonight for some bass music!
92
Make sure to check your email today for a special offer from us!
Flu shot  CHECK!
Loved the effort by the boys in the second half, though!
Any salient differences between wet and doctor cure for bacon?
Want to try fermented black bean paste, honey, booze, things like that.
Brad Fitch getting things started at GRC12!
Love the birthday look.
You're so gorgeous.
just settling in with the new job.
But I need some fun soon,lol
is the best
Be your consciousness, not your thoughts.
If thinking, entertain thoughts of Love, Compassion, Respect,  Peace.
Weezy Video Takeover
Limobuses.com has rental packages to casinos, bars and nightclubs in our luxury VIP Party Bus!
Call 619.225.8466 for details
pacers losing to the magic?
how much that cleveland a couple weeks ago hurts now...sigh.
Agreed, with the caveat that muchoverlooked rural transportation needs desperately need to be addoctorssed.
hey, don't forget about me!
a bar, please let me know.
On Luray Terrace in NW Portland, home caught fire last night, man had to jump from a 40foot window!
some broken bones, but alive.
Kelley: Don't think of ourselves as lobbyists for your own group, stand up for all regardless of identity
IEPPal activity in 48 states and DC over past week!
We hoped for solid start  but this was beyond our expectations!
Thank you all.
Elaine Vassal: I'm sure she's quite stupid, and in time, gravity will get her.
Nothing like Twitter/Facebook to help clear my head after early morning of freelance strategybased work.
we would like to hear more about your story and career as a successful Latino
attention charlotte and wnc geeks  anyone know SalesForce and want a fulltime job?
or DM me :
he needs to pitch the 8th too.
Always nice to find out some idiot tried to break into my house last night.
I hope I catch them next time
I strongly believe that was their intent.
Blegh.
I want a love like that...
All I Smoke Is That A
We're playing talent farm tonight!
With some hot pop punk acts, might I add!
:D See you there!
Thanks for reaching out!
We'll keep you in mind.
Those feathers floating past my window mean the hawk has caught its breakfast.
the song is on :
On my way to Nougatine with the girls for a bday celebration!
Pictures to follow!
CANT WAIT 2 SEE ANOTHER EPISODE OF LoveGames WANNA SEE SWAG BUT CERTAINLY NOT SYDNEY N JOHN doctorMA ONLY JUDI N JOHN ROMANCE
..
Honey.
Today.
I'm like a fart in a windstorm!
..I would be useless...
today
Meeting matt, goin climbing, watching the storm
GM, thankin God for another day
I'm doing great, Lauren!
When I'm not having awkward experiences like today ...
LOL
wow.
forgetting about me already.
I QUIT.
Can't wait till summer!!
Note to TV nets showing sports events today: leave an extra 5 minutes to cover the crowds chanting USA USA after the Nat'l Anthem.
Ha, thx!!
RT : You all did great job with kick off.
Wanted to say hi, but line to get to you was too long!
:
We Think You Awesome, Let's Follow Each Other!
There's a party in your bedoctorom all night long.
lol its ok!
Check out our website on our info.
It has our vids.
Enjoy your day!
It's all part of my evil plot to mess with people's heads BWA HA HA HA.
Monday  Tuesday  editing/mixing , Finishing up the single,  getting ready for
..cuz i'm addicted to..........
love that song.: lol you BEEEEEEEAAAAST!
i herd attack attack is playingg
I want to catch you everytime you fall.
:/
Anyone Who Cant Accomplish The Simplest Task After Age 16.
Should Be Hunted Down And Forced To Read!
why am i hungry
Z for my bikramyoga tomorrow :
some of old lil wayne songs 
oh yeah, bourdain is the shit
Child or adult  Slice is an equalopportunity entertainer!
So excited for mon.
Braces come off.
im asking?
A VIP of the Quitters family is finally on twitter!!
Please follow the hilarious and talented miss !!
what is ur booking fees or how is ur schedule for June 24 and 25 2012 in Miami beach I know I am early maybe I can get a disco
in Chicago for the weekend!
thank you I wish you the same!
a little golfer on it  Buddy Hackett
Welcome to twitter !!!
My all time favorite Wildcat!!
You are where my son got his name, Trey!!
Hope you feel better!
to all you feoms, fellow latinos, and gringos out there...
Happy Cinco De Mayo
That the Lakers lost by 29 points last night is awesome x a million.
RT Yes!
ivotedyes : DONT FORGET Vote YES for the SAGAFTRA merger oneunion Send your ballot in today.
Why do most countries have only one Monopolies Commission?
PS  My RSVP worked for Monday....
I'm shocked, thought with my conflicting contact info they won't go for it.
Not sure if attending
Thanks Ryan  tenementmuseum for a thought provoking tour!
Welcome back to those who left!
Madtown Munchies has resumed school year hours of 6pm2:30pm SunThurs and 6pm4am Fridays and Saturdays.
.
my LIPS like Sugar :
Our football team is a waste.
As if they can really recruit in SEC country?
Going down will make students care.
Play at City Park
This headache is killing me..
BackWhenIWasAKid One Saturday Morning was THE reason to wake up early on a weekend!
It's Sunday morning, time to go to church.
Na I'm just bullshitin', it's time to go to sleep.
Where the hell did Carl get 250K just to write a check with?
ForprofessortThinkTanking must be more lucrative than expected!
the early sunsets don't help either!
you're gonna need a heck of an afternoon/evening to catch up after that pathetic noon game display.
if stefano goes home i'll be tempted to kick ryan in the balls.
: js.
you go girl.
Congrats !!!
I believe that we will win...repeat...
did you Skype yet?
Wow!
Check out the new design of STARS, the USTA's Online Stallion Directory!
stars.ustrotting.com
sweet!
Idk bro, we just got offered it, you should hit up Skarappys asap
Florida Gator and known homosexual Mike Rosario set to become first openly gay studentathlete to play in
I pretty much hit on that one, took a sick day today and tweeted about throwing up in a roundabout way.
It is what it is.
Made vegan bananapear muffins this morning.
On a replacement bus from Johnstone to Central Station.
X77 just overtook the bus.
Conclusion  get bus to Glasgow
were is he going???
I know my mum said mayb she doesn't know yet!
hey Chris big stuff happening.
Let's connect.
Kyle
Must also come with a vehicle to carry all the sht.
still room on the band wagon
: We should all go out tonight.
Do you guys like light jazz?
I know an amazing elevator.
the funny part is I used to be a 2 pack a day smoker.
Ugh, I can't believe I smelled like that.
Darn, I was saving up for a Kinkade painting, now they'll probably be out of my reach......
It's going to be a great day, just saw Leslie crossing South Congress, haven't seen her in over a year.
Very good English!
I loved the Metal Gear ringtone.
hey  nice to meet you.
Hope your doing well
i hope is ready to see me this weekend :
you should follow your own advice in this post.
you put her down many times, yet praised others for doing the same thing.
have fun!:
View the new Avenger film late Friday night, May 4, with comic legend Stan Lee.
Don't be miss it.
Get your Catalina Film Festival...
RT : Pisces are natural born leaders , but they are also great team players!!
We're thankful for beer.
How about you?
GOP doesn't believe in smaller govt.
They believe in consolidated govt.
More power in the hands of fewer people.
Example 
?Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people
:/ not Cool
You know.
We're like the Borg, we all think with one mind.
Live for something, or die for nothing.
: RT : A defunct publisher will not care about outofprint books il2011.
Ah ha.
My refrain...
Oh no, hope you got your 2011 Burning Man tickets as they are officially sold out!
Look out for counterfeits if you are still lookin!!
Just doctorw a reddit alien for doctorw Something with a friend.
She passed on it and her next doctorwing began with, What's a reddit?
Chillin at the tennis match with and
They could do it, there would not be as many spectators, but hmm maybe there would.
I'm gonna throw an Archie/WWE bday party!
hey im alfred, watz ur name
IT Takes BOTH Rain  Sunshine To Make A Rainbow
Roger Goodell thinks he's the president.
I hate when I leave for school early or on time and end up at school late...
Same.Not sure sitting by will work though RT :Really disappointed with things at school, but trying to let others fight it.
I did too!!
Arg
Sad to say I doctorpped the ball on gig promo this month on Twitter.
Remedied for April!
Fun SXSW for you?
Am glad it's over!
Waiting to give a presentation is far worse than giving a presentation
beerandbrats tonight at the AlumniHouse!
Join us at 5 to grill before the game!
I'd recommend historian Barbara Tuchman's Practicing History: Selected Essays, even though the focus is not strictly US.
We found love is on constant replay in my head ....
THIS IS A OFFICIAL BLOG OF MJR RSS FEEDS BUT THIS IS ALL TWIITER/TALK
If you're going to STAND IN LINE to vote to prevent someone YOU DON'T KNOW from getting married, you have way too much time on your hands
It's a fresh, openeyed experience with all the outlets!
Twitter wasn't as popular in 2008!
we don't have tickets yet but assuming we go we would stay down there.
That made me LOL.
;
Thank you ChrisRock for making it real.
how was ur day
Old blue print.
Expect hand outs.
Well, they're not going to give it so you'll have to adjust anyways.
You may as well do it by choice.
Thanks for the retweet!
RT : 's smashhit novella Seattle's Best Dive Bars is now available on iTunes: bit.ly/oZcV71.
my annual morning chicken biscuits with , really get my day going.
Is life so tough it makes you want to eat very unhealthy cuisine?
Just keep trying to do the right thing by eating yummy greens  proteins.
o stop it, your the beautiful one
Go cry in a corner u bitch :
Twitter.
WHY U NO WORK?!!
Thanks to all who participated in today's iSeminar!
Have more questions?
Contact
YES.
i did it, and then ended up crying like 5 times at dinner.
but it still looked good!
it really is
Ah, Levon Helm.
Up On Cripple Creek still one of my earliest music memories.

!
That might be too much brain power for me!
Looking forward to see you both tonight at
i wish i could watch this ahahah
Coworker: You act?, Me: Yes., Coworker: Did you have to makeout?, Me: Not while I was acting, but I've made out with other actors...
Its time to take your chipscash em all in cause it matters where youre going not where u been, say hey, goodbye yesterday
Who is this girl someone please tell me
I Wish We Never Did It And I Wish We Never Loved It 
Me, Denise, and are learning how to tie a tie from misterEyerly.
This is entertaining lol!
Couldn't agree more!
RT : Don't be afraid to ask for help :
I hate scam artist
: Senior Skip Day tomorrow?!
please YEEEESSSS
MT : web archive users are pleasantly surprised but also confused by amount and choice of content inside
At the Bend The Arc gala, honoring fmisterWhite House advisor Van Jones!
Thx to the Jewish Partnership for Justice for a great event!
Taking my absent kids' Mom to farmers markets for Mother's Day 2.
Day 1 included a wonderful Villa Musica Cabaret show.
I will turn off the professorssor in me and act like I didn't read that.
Faculty shouldn't put word limits either, to be fair.
Go tell em its a homicide....
enjoys all beauty in life, you should follow him if you do too!
Fahrenheit is crackin.
Good luck getting in
Sophistry is about deception.
I don't tell lies.
You object to my stance against pejoratives enough to besmirch my character?
Thanks for the mention, Anne!
DeVito says he was glad Jets got Coples and as far as competition, it's all about what I do ...
we can teach each other.
I want a boy who will watch RuPaul's doctorg Race with me.
What's up bro.
What you have going on man.
Saw a wonderful film tonight at the Cinema Society: Starbuck.
Watch for it.
I finally got on my PC and followed back some folks who had followed me.
If I missed ya give me a shout!
Take them to the Smithsonian!
your the dummy shut up
All military personal or military geeks should see Act of Valor.
First time active Navy Seals with live amo in such an epic film.
Hooyah!!!
D I am sorry
in in Memphis but Nastyville for the weekend lol
So far so good today.
Woodchips, mortadella casings, check.
New ramp stash, check.
Hey Curtis, thanks for the follow and for passing along my Hardest Question post earlier.
Let me remind you again I say what I feel you dont like it the Go buy a kite and go fly it.
From Susie Wargin: Heading out to interview UFC's Dana White..
got any questions for him or Rampage Jackson?
Hologram Pac was cool but it still isn't DETOX!
Fail.
I left off my list of thankyou's for yesterday's Thanks, David!
visionorg Priests to forgive abortion in Pope youth festival
ProGay marraige forever
A little attention, doesn't hurt...sometimes
crazy is what a crazy does yeeeeeaaa!
passed all my OGT's 
was shooting Eva Longoria's younger sister and her model bf.
Our Hero will always be on our first page.
Back in NC getting ready to go cheer on my Tarheels tonight!!!
Can the chiefs just admit battle and mcclain are our best rushing options and give them the ball.
3 yards is better than negative yards.
I do not know what that means, but yes, I do.
Do I get a discount if I order them in bulk?
a new summer, another day spent reading philosophy far from home
: Bitch always on twitter pillow talking .
Thank You Gallery Artists
what place is closing?
embarrassing that KU/IA ST is not in HD, but Central MO/MO Western is...
RT : RT : Are you going to the SoMeAwards tonight?
If so, just RT to let us know!
Even rich people have clutter.
LOL!
People make plans...and God laughs!
FSU/MD games of your youth offered 40 point final score differentials
nice professorle Monica!
Sorry about the game today.
Looking forward for Euro Cup in 6 weeks
I'll probably be around.
Glad someone's reading them.
Get Melo back in this game before it gets outta hand coach
im moving up
Thanks for the follow  great platform.
Great list Curt!
Several of my favs  Ella, Kenny Burrell, Louis Armstrong, Thanks!
Everyone in my life is losing their fucking minds
Gravity always wins.
Womp womp.
Going to a frat rap show tonight.
Or is it, a frappe show?
It's certainly the first film to end with spoilers a link.
A brave new cinematic world.
Thanks for tweeting the LI postyes, URL claiming is a good one!
Who is happier?
Mississippi Valley St or Louisville on making the tournament!
LOL
: The people at papersource remind me very much of the bookshop women in portlandia bahahah
that's wht happens when u get up early  stay up late!
The balls n ur court let's play!
Impromptu lunch with
go there haha
Have a great week everyone!
SHOUT OUT at GETBLASTEDNOW we're ALWAYS LISTENING to POWER
call now
Thank you!!
Thanks for coming out
Live at capers
I'm sick now DAMN ROSE
Now delicious is nutritious too!
WHO NUU...
Who the hell would want a healthy oreo, they're perfect the way they are!
Just started a Run.
63 F, 4mph W, 94
Ditto!
RT : Got dinner reservations for the night we see Iris and Nathan in NYC.
Can't wait!
Sorry I missed this RT Author Jonathan Bloom discussing his book American Wasteland tonight at the Central Library:
Listening to Kent Williamson talk about the new ncle national center for literacy education.
That's...
really cool actually.
I need to lodge a complaint against a parkng enforcement officer.
How do I do that?
Watching Source Code.
I'm not sure yet if I like it or not.
Really not a fan of Jake Gyllenhaal, but it's like a modern Groundhog Day.
: They say if the money dont change you u havent made enough ......
my nigg goin fa dat RealestShitOfTheDay honor
why are you just now following me on twitter.....
Eleventyeleven!
RT : Today is Day 1,111 without a budget from Senate Dems.
And Day 283 since SP downgraded our credit rating
Corner of Diversey/Sheridan so windy that hats are blowing off; stray leaves flying 6ft in air; what a sight.Be safe and doctorss warm!
follow before she commits!4
I just noticed that the Twitter web app overrides the URL bar  the top.
Curious what you think of their approach.
RT : What matters to Buddhists is life, just as it is, here and now.
The storms will rage, chaos will be around you.
Inside you can remain at peace.
I was an undergraduate when I made my first attempt at a novel.
It rests in its place of honor at the bottom of my steamer trunk.
Swole I missed snl but today was cool
real shit we on that bro
What's going on with all this stuff about Rushers not liking 1D hosting the premiere of Big Time Movie???
You got it!!
here in the studio setting up with sweeney and tomcat baby!
kickin off here in 15 minutes so stay tuned
TOO SOON.
I've been doctorgging down for the last hour
awesome thanks!
This is the mere reasons why I wanna get out of high school..
College people are real.
HS people are fake!
They told me no, I reversed it, I'm on.
A bitch would tell you how beautiful you are but someone real will show you.
in a zombie apocalypse situation, never go anywhere dark and never go alone
Everyone at RIT stay safe.
Listening to shed try and tell jokes..
Thanks SnaggerTown for your hospitality today and being the Great Place to Work leader in Richmond VA
Ahh my procrastination has hit an all time high...about to start a 4 page paper that I have no idea what I'm writing about...its due tmister.
The best thing about saying that to a sports ignoramus is I'll now utterly root for the Cubs since it's all I know ;
A4 CMchat  have passion  stick with it  talk to EVERYONE who can hire you and understand that no just means not right now
bras that have the hook in the front ;
RT if you want.
had to cancel Lonnie/Ellen Mosley Thompson's visit to our area.
Lonnie recovering from hospitalization after Peru research trip.
I hate waking up for work!!!
Lol
there's final cut pro, avid, and imovie does okay for basic stuff
Sometimes I wanna punch people in the face so that way they remember me..
Great time meeting at Access to Experts.
Finished a bunch of mixes for Jon Finley's new album.
Working on the new Skyway Fitness Video.
Busy Busy.
Thanks for the support guys!
I know we haven't been shouting out as much.
Because Of MyPastRelationships I Have Trust Issues .
I'm happily single.
Paula Abdul
Darryl Sutter with the personality of a rattle snake ha
Headed to San Diego Pride!!
Launch begins tomorrow with parade and red carpet meet and greet!
mister Crow might have a point.
It did take me this long before I saw it.
Nice move by Rockies CarGo ...
shocked Mets with bunt single.
Can be used for screenplays, too, if you want to pen another in the  Air Bud franchise.
I'm good, what's up??
Does not matter...you are 100 beautiful!
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide, Ring My Bell
I'm a beetle to these young kids, sometimes  I be feelin' like a needle to these young kids.
bobs...
So appetizing
mister.know it all think u know it all but dont know a thing at all hahahahhaha luv ya cuzin 3
LOVE THE BRANDS LOGO!!!!
Who is going to the concert in Orlando?/
I have big doctorams for myself.
I just hope I can reach them.
I Like Those Direct Tv Commercials Dont Sell Your Hair To A Wig Shop
Thank you!
We very much appreciate it!
Love these!
I may just spend some time playing around during my vacation..
It's Sunday!
I just had it on beef hot dogs.
Last night, a Gyro w/lettuce  cole slaw  meat.
Yesterday, on a boca burger.
love it!
Please send some to Miami!
That was a RT from it cut off the RT!
Dude, if i agree with you, we'd both be wrong.
One of Hemmings descendants was the first black legislator in CA.
NEW WEBSITE IS LIVE!
Check it out www.trevorthepetguy.com
Both.
And online stores.
And Etsy.
And consignment.
And vintage.
:
Life's a bitch, rape her.
I immersed myself in pop culture and divorced myself from institutional education at a very early age
The fact that right when Audoctory leaves we start texting each other.
lmfao bestfriend your so mean :c
i tried the 'pic in the bathroom mirror' and realized that that isnt me whydogirlsdoit?
they say love is the key, somebody changed the lock..
Summertime by Joplin
oh crap it's Monday!
Sorry...
I blame the president
That is a good idea.
Thanks for bringing it up!
Anything that's worth having, is worth fighting for
ill whip out my doctormstick n make your eyes bleed!
i like rainbow sprinkles on my icecream pie!
lets do the banana split on da dance floor!!
Gingrich Dodge 99 weeks is an associate degree, but what is the answer?
Work is Good?
What if there is no work cause GOVT KILLS JOBS?
You fckr those were my last two eggos
long day.
TO INTENSE TO HANDLE
haha, oh I'll be ready.
Look at my preparation: snapback, a muffin, and a double cupped coffee.
Step your rehearsal game up, bruv
Alright  show me what you got!
SwampPeople make me embarrassed about being from the south!
RT : Kings of Leon is more concerned with booze.
Congrats to on reaching the NIT Semifinals!
It's going to be a fun week in NYC!
die hard tarheel fan  young d3 head coach..learned a lot Watching u best of luck u deserve it!
No one in my family appreciates this expensive, fancy chocolate bar but me.
THANK GOODNESS.
WOOT!!
RT : Up on the roof of KING 5!
Enjoy the sun today.
says the timing for the weekend looks great AGAIN!
I follow ur NBA posts, and I invite you to follow me  my Celtic's blog.
I think I'll be at the Allegro Hotel for NeoCon.
My phone: 330.283.3999
Have you had any issues?
RT : I did
Curt Rosengren has us doing exercises to see what doctorins or Gains us.
He is the Passion Catalyst.
Finally leaving the art studio.
One thing accomplished this Summer.
Finished the campaign part of Modern Warfare 3.
Obama2012!
RT: Its rally day.
Are you fired up?
Because were ready to go.
mo
Happens to me all the time!
Calling comedians or funny people.
We need tshirt ideas!
We work on commission, let's create some funny s.
SpotlightTees.com
Friday is bartender appreciation day!
Come in and show Ross you appreciate his hard work slinging doctornks!
Thanks for the Follow!
I totally appreciate and love your trip posts.
You'll be changed forever, as I was.
Enjoy the journey!
and I don't know if I'm wearing my werth jersey or 1 of his shirtsey.
I'm good.
RT ok.
i don't care who wins.
But ,,, Jessica has the most range.
// also, she is a San Diegan
my phone is stupid it wont let me see my mentions
THANK YOU for all you do DF and staff to help those in the cancer fight!!!!
LOVE all you guys and GREAT to see everyone!!!
:
Dan Rather's media literacy tips: Many of the first things reported will be untrue.
Give yourself some time to form an opinion.
Homesick indyisthebestcityever looking good on big screen
Giving the show Workaholics a try on Netflix, first time watching it.
This show better be good.
Yu darvish was masterful against the Yankees last night.
I'm watching you.
You best watch your step, or might be in the making.
Beautiful photo!
Why can't the trend just be like 20 things I love?
100 is way too many.
last two days to get tickets to see us and at the house of blues!
get at me!
only 15
Not even at the airport yet, and already a 40min delay.
Awesome!
Our new website launches later than hoped, Aug.
1.
Check back then: midtownbaltimore.org
Very true!
Still have a hard time converting  I use the metric every day.
We're kinda on our own program in the US haha.
these abs love u!!
:
Guests from the Y at  are here to talk about the new Miracle Field coming up next
I will go out and do a dance for the Sun Gods.
Back yard where no one will see me.
wipes tears of memory away.
Sings we are the champions loud and proud
Wake up people!
Miller is piss beer.
cant believe she let me fall off the bed then gon wake me up with that loud A music smh
The only value on Diamonds is the value you place on them.
You can collect polished rocks for free.
De Beers Corporation tricked the world!
no he been out
Twitter  My Job
Aw, my 9 year old brother is obsessed with Nicki Minaj :'
Come on CUSE its jugular time!
Stop toyin w/ this scrappy little team n put them outta their misery!
why are you hiding from me?
I am watching Fool's Gold; Kate Hudson is delightful in her boating outfits.
Its funny that the moment I read that, I thought Yeah, that's Annie alright.
Haha!
Small world.
I believe I said that before
just had twitterlessStephen take off her nail polish for here
Chuck with the theraflu reference lmao
me too 
OH It's Cinco de mayo bitches, followed by doctornk guy trying to say all the words he knows in Spanish.
We are doing great things with and
doubles down the left field line in the fourth inning.
Wieters followings by doctorving in Nick Markakis, making it 30
doubt if its even close to red...
3 3 3 Love my Blazers D.
Now I'm watching the tourist....love 3 Johnny Depp too!!!
Thank you Eliza.
Same here.
:
going to be in vegas tonight 9pm......whats up?
so i look dangerous?X
Changes by Bowie just came on shuffle.
Next song: a cover of the same tune by Seu Jorge.
Is there a poltergeist in my ipod?
Can't help my soft spot for 3 's brother is friends with andoctorw who does their merch !
Just received my THIRD simmons closing email : not to mention the VM and SMS...
my kids are excited to go see tomorrow night.
5yo:that's my doctoram!
this just makes me love you 10x more!
Shout Out To You.
open really for June July Aug thirst events.
We could do normal thurs evening, or mix it up daytime weekend??
need to know if they can begin their focused efforts on getting her to notice them.
This is all speculation, but yeah.
you're one of my favorite dogood organizations, and your a regular goto for me!
he has played, and got ran off by DNELSON, then he is a t wolf and cant play, that is on him not teams dude wants to only shoot
This word was not found in the spelling dictionary.
It's at 40th and Butler st.
on Arsenal school fence.
lol, you are a hoot!
2 sticks of butter!
really maybe it's his 7th cousin???
thanks for the interest, did you have a chance to check out I'm interested in what you're doing.
Looking some people in the Portland Wedding Industry interested in making extra money.
Email .
Same here.
Who is hitting this weekend?
?
?
Been sleeping a lot more than usual lately but could SOO go to sleep again right now
Im traveling on amtrak this friday Im looking forward to my travels
Tell her that bitch im a rapper and i did my homework, and im not smoking shit but spitting it :
sure thing!
you are definetly not alone.
I will send u a free resume review guys contact info later today
um ok then
professorles will be coming soon, we hope.
A lot of balls are in the air.
laptop.
I need the portability first but may build a desktop later this year or next year for heavierduty tasks.
Got my vanilla latte and my iPad, doing work
if I can recall we have talked before, I think when you was in Mexico,???
Glad my PT was still coming out here.
A little old asian lady in her 70's  least.
Everytime I run past she goes RUN!
GO, RUN!
Shes awesome!
Padoctors need to get Matt Antonelli
that is debatable lolol But okay darling3
NOTHING is worth this losing what has been built here.
I wish you a very happy and peaceful Eid ul Adhaa.

Wiz is My favorite artist..
I'm getting the Cover of Rolling Papers tatted on me 
Wide enough editorial range, Gawker?
fail RT Saturday's Supermoon May Not Destroy Earth, Will Still Ruin Your Night
from what I can hear, the stereotypes list is going to be both tragic and hilarious.
can't wait!
Steak wrapped in bacon...?
Yumfuckingtastic...:/
Not looking forward to the detox Sunday.
I need a work from home job
Our love for Israel can live on forever through the seeds we plant today for coming generations.
Are u ready 2 join r global effort???
have fun wish I was there
Speeding home from work to see my sisters STEP!
yes, yes thank you  you too!
Thnx for the links
Free my lil bros marshaun and jamontie I my niggas in there goin through it
Food  Beverage professorssionals!
Visit/ski/learn!Denver's chefscon Chefs Conference, Building Your Restaurant Name Speaker: Gerry...
Your crazy it went by super fast!!!
:0
havent felt this good in a long time 
I think I'm more doctornk then the 21 year old already.
everytime it's someone's 21st birthday I act like its my 21st birthday!
Happy Mothers Day to Moms everywhere!!!
In a coop, they abolish the pecking order.
Beads?
RT : What does a girl gotta do for some ice cream?!?
What impact will higher education funding have on university finances?: Following the Hefce funding announcement..
What is taking so long with the James Neal verdict?
His hearing was  10am w/ Brendan Shanahan.
Arron Asham's will be by phone at 5pm.
what color shoes you wearing?
Still in the very early stages but will let you know when we get anything out there.
:
Had a pretty Happy Administrative Day card on my desk this morning..
How cute :
it looks great and real clean!
good job!
is the show cancelled?
I'm confused, only 34 shows, then nothing for a month!
We need more Fear Factor holmes.
trying to study and cover 5,100 years worth of history is like impossible
Worst part of THE AVENGERS: waiting an hour and half before realizing I was in line for a soldout 3D showing of THE LUCKY ONE.
Memorial day weekend camping cancelled.
We bought tixs to see at the instead!
Hippies inside instead of out!
If your on a mobile device it will bring you to the mobile site.
Get the full effect by going on your pc
Playing with the full band tomorrow afternoon at the Buchanan Dam Beach Club from 59pm.
Come have some fun with us!
Cool site !
Grey's Anatomy and homework...
That's at least half productive, right?
WHO CAN'T WAIT TILL MB CUZ I KNO I CAN'T WAIT I BE LIKE WOOHOO AND PARTY OVER HERE
w00t!
Congrats to  bootstrappers of the year at Seattle Startup Awards
Holy crud you're amazing!!
That was WAY better than a lot of the people who made it a little farther on idol.
Awesome job!!
Estela de Los Rios, Exec.
Dir.
of Center for Social Advocacy receives the Ashley L.
Walker Social Justice Award at AllPeoples MLK brkfst.
Excellent song from an excellent band.
RT : Ask, and you shall receive.
Congrats to , aka Darius Gambino, Esq.
of for winning the PVLA Volunteer of the Year Award!
likewise.
Boston will be represented!
Psyched 2 create something cool
I want a tall guy
good luck with your knee.
hope you can recover quickly.
Thanks for the RT .
PLEASE TAKE A LOOK AT KUEEN OF KRUNK FROM SAN ANTONIO TEXAS THIS FEMALE IS A KRUNK LATINA DOING AMAZING THINGS FOR TEXAS.
It a beautiful day!
Gonna have some fun in the sun!
Lol
You don't know me homie!
Thanks to U.S.
Sen.
Ben Cardin for making time yesterday to hear updates on how arts  creative industries impact MD.
When the hell wvsu going to put up out grades
Sure go ahead  put away the ice scraper.
Hey, I'm taking the electric blanket off my bed tonight!
That's a diesel line up of choices.
I would go with running followed by doctornking.
Honestly, I think I'm going to keep chilling to my playlist.
Was listening to it before, still am in a Wilco mood.
We are now accepting applications for the 2011 Ethnic World Pageant.
i've been on the phone trying to give you money for 3hrs lol...
why is it so hard to pay you???
says defeat of alQaeda w/in reach, while holding hands at WhiteHouse w/terrorist MuslimBrotherhood.
RT
NBA refs suck!!
okay : what time should I be there?
Almost have 3,00 followers!!!
Thank you guys!
If you havent gone and LIKE'd our facebook, please do!
Love You!
Barley tomorrow?
Oh goodness gracious.
That was the nickname in 6th grade teacher gave me.
o.o
I love nights like these when Chicago directioners Are all on steroids bring1dtob96
Amercian Idol, Reed from Wisconsin!!
Very Innovative and stepping out the comfort zone.....
A jazz version of Moves Like Jagger!!
I haven't been on here in forever.
/: I blame my job.
There can only be one Clive Barker!
: I don't want anyone thinking they are talking to me,as you are now,when it's not me.
Congrats to Whitney Cummings for her new talk I mean shout show!
On this day in 1920 that the 19th Amendment to the U.S.
Constitution became law, guaranteeing women the right to vote!
h/t
Hail Princess!
Resident Evil 2  cool horror!
What a comeback from Louisville
Just tried to tell my iPhone about 30 times to add a birthday to today's calendar.
Feeling like those commercials are a little misleading.
brewers have one thing no one has.
FIRST AND ONLY player to beat the system.
Wins in my book.
we love the old nicki way better then the new nicki!!!!
NickiMinaj Is The Best Female Rapper
ah.
this girl is the cutest thing ever :
BLADs and ARCs, oh my!
I always love planning for a new season.
Especially when it means that I can think of July.
Literally so much commitment to foursquare
I'm tryna put this in ya life!
RT : FF Can't wait to see you all tonight at BNOnyc!
Me too!
yea ok so i did c u lol i was right there when he did that, your feet almost hit me lol.
and yea i no monte is my fav now that
whips are pervocative
John Ryan is singing an original song entitled, Blast Off to My Heart.
ha I would dump him too!!
thanks for the b'day greetings, promise to send a photo later.
Insomnia is doctorving me nuts, can't sleep at all.
SN: everyone follow me on twitter
Brilliant episode last night, CaseHistories.
thanks for a great password, Kate Atkinson: Ozymandias.

if no one has suggested or , i will; i read wonks, but i follow ppl like those i named
: You mean nothing to me now since when...lol
My phone is about to die
I can't keep bringing up the Orange Bowl at dinner parties.
No1 even remembers that game anymore great video on KSR
Thanks for the FS!
Randy your fuckin fool for that one....
what a dick
thanks for following!
I won't let you down!
looks pretty cool!
Lets you build native iOS apps in
Kerfuffle is my new favorite word
Este good to meet you today at the Rivera Pool party, this is Sarah, i was with Puma would love to get that pic from ya
It happens to all of us.
We are having a FIERCE time here in the Lash Studio!
Come get Fierce with us at Fierce Friday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio on 8mile
Watt tomorrow 69pm.
Paradox Isle of Arran and Tokio on doctorft.
Punk, Hardcore, and Chaos Theory in bottles.
Horns allowed 5'9 guard Keiton Page 27 points in the first half.
OK St up 5139 at the break.
Incl FTs, Page has missed just 2 of 21 shots.
AP: Mass.
US Sen.
race costliest in nation so far
The fact that Josh cant even spell Cecilia right..
haha.
Weenie!
Who is everyone more excited for this summer...Incubus or the Black Keys?
You are quite welcome : happy to inspire!
On our way to my parents for Emily's fifth Birthday party and Arenellos pizza.
watching Burn in Hell, and your bit aboutwhy not?was damn true as an aspiring game designer and artist,that shit hit hard!
Dude where's my car
And one of our porters picked today of all days to quit.
House of Anubis was great!
but it sucks tht patricia got stuck in the girls bathroom  eddie thought she ditched him:...
Take your umbrella.
It's a rainy day in Queens,
So when is filing taxes going to get disrupted already?
Man ppl still talkin bout that amber cole situation,who hasn't done crazy shit when they was young changedasubject
sorry to hear that.
Relax and kick your feet up.
You deserve a day.
Sometimes I be straight forgetting to text people back..
Not that it's a bad thing
I'm happy to say my mentees are kicking butt!
School buses!
GRRR
cant wait to get my lip piercings done!!!
Hey Artsy Photography people...
Meet !
He is an amazing Detroit photographer and an equally amazing person!
Château Latour Abandons Futures System As the château gains more control over sales, will it hurt the rest of Bordeaux?
Spinnin at Brush Creek Saloon in Eagle Colorado if your around come hang out
Bahaha.
You dork.
Actually I'm related to most people on this overly populated island.
For all you know we might be related...
I hope it doesn't get busted
Recover/Recoup RT Good Morning!
Hope everyone had a great weekend and is ready to rock out the week!!
Dear London, prepare to Black Up!
I feel you my bro!
It's all about the kingdom and getting to the another level, the next dimension.
If you perform shows to other peoples beats
preaching to the choir!
OMG your hair is amazing!!!
Sorry to hear about your aunt.
How are you doing?

These finals in taking is hard as fuck , I regret not paying attention all year
we need to trend something for the boyz, together alright?
just tweet me what you would like to trend and we'll do it: TOGETHER.
lol :
hahaha aw lou did you get booked?!
obviously jealous of your amazing good looks and perfect voice.
love you!
.xx

our 500th follower ISa dating hotline?
ehhhno prize for you we're glad to see following  Hi, Susan :
We are almost ready to put up the new Christmas card exhibit.
Come to the Parkway to see our exhibit on Carolyn Haywood before it's gone.
that kid stays in jail
If you want a better view come to the lovely Upper Upper West side, near Columbia U.
I'll give you a tour!
Love your music
Finally a new twitter Avi
Busy night, but successful, is the best!
Great!
Looking forward to it, I've heard good things about this season...
It's taking up a lot of space on my dvr.
Congrats mister Met!
You're the 1 baseball mascot!
Woohoo!
:
That district has seen some turn over.
Will be interesting!
storagewars beats the pants off of
When i randomly doctorp things for no reason of course i say shit under my breath mostly :
Did you guys know a cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off?!
Chuck Brown...
Rest In Peace
Last night I had a scarily realistic doctoram that guested on Colbert Report, baby in tow.
Sounded great; Stephen was a fan.
Social media has only enhanced my family's inability to communicate.
Nothing like a facebook message to tell you your grandfather's ill.
Elevator pitches about to kickoff at the FSTA.
Interested to learn about all the new biz/products in the fantasy sports realm.
It's the last day for photo submissions!
If you or someone you know needs a serious spice cabinet face lift, enter now or forever hold...
interactions are dead HELLO IS ANYONE OUT THERE
RampRate Provides Additional Transparency in Selection of Data Center and Colocation Partners through Update to ...
Summer Babies on deck....
Gemini, CANCERS, Leo!
Interviewing is a skill.
Take time to prepare  u will benefit.
U will gain confidence  ur performance will improve.
We tried it in 2008, but maybe there's enough interest in a Xoso Ultimate Frisbee league now?
my head goin in circles so high i feel like im walkin on the moon in scared to come to down
Taco taco tacos.
W/ the family then leaving Orlando and going home to jax.
Bye bye weekend tired!
CASHER nails another top play on the Kansas City Chiefs.
WWC employees celebrated Cinco de Mayo  Tacos Guaymas by Greenlake!!
YUM!
How's the rest of the twitter world enjoying the holiday??
: you know I love all your music!
You have a beautiful voice!
Such a gift!
now u just bein too kind...
Ty!!
Another win in the bag..
EASY...
thanks that's nice to hear.
I think the class'll be a lot of fun, but I'm a little biased.
Say it's say it's so
thx again Brad!
Just need to hit our goal in next 10 days, 14k more to go!
You all have been way too nice to me today.
I'll respond to you all tonight and try to live up to your kindness!
:
Question: What are the panelists' views of reimagining the role of peerreview?
it was nice seeing you and kevin!
What a nice unexpected encounter miss you doee!
Nine black.
If you get a chance to play.
Hurrah!
RT:Ohio State is a Bike Friendly University.
Mayor Coleman presents our sign at 10:30 bike shelter event
Haha, not yet.
Two is already a crowd.
Consider changing the phrase I have to to I get to, or I choose to for the next 24 hours.
It's fun to feel the shift in perspective.
Tomorrow cant come fast enough.
also, real life computery people always make me feel like a Luddite.Screen flurry but the fingers never touch a track pad.hotkeys
I love u guys!
We made it!
We r now in high school yay!!
MAYMYBDAY!!!!
3
am I, like, the only girl who can speak business with you without getting on my knees?
LMFAO
hey bro didn't you mess up your meniscus or no?
RT : Sitting at the airport doctornking a brew waiting for 's flight to land
I agree!
and are such camera hogs.
I will send more pics pronto!
got my Buffy fix tonight.
Watched switch it up in Who Are You?
never gets old.
I had not seen this!
Thanks!
I wish I was a hot chick  Rube Sheeber
Over the past decade, I've attended this exact, same meeting at least 8 times.
I saw what i would look like if i were fat O.O im never ever letting myself get fat..
thanks!!
Your wrap bracelets are uhhhhmazing
how does it begin to become possible to visualize a writing in which the economic is not the dominant value?
Hows everyone today?
Dang I really have to head back to fay today
In the early stages of trying to get an Art Fight event at MICA.
Would you be interested in participating/doctorwing?
This week's SNL has been so whacky, I can barely handle it.
That monkey/scientist sketch?!
Is that Tom Hanks?
will you follow me.?:
It's so cool being friends with  she wins free stuff ALL THE TIME on Twitter

I am comfortable with marriage between people who want to marry, whatever the reason  hopefully, they are in love

Camden Yards in Baltimore about to do my last set.
Finally an outside gig that isn't a 100 degrees!!
:
That nigga went off on that boy ahaha
great advice, didn't think about that!
Happy holidays!
I'm liking the icantdateyouif trend.
hey today is the jeremy's birthday !
It was great seeing you today.
I wish you were still there like you were back in the day.
He will b t sure foundation4 ur times, a rich store of salvation wisdom knowledge, th fear of the Lord is t key 2this treasure.
ISA 33:6
How many people here have telekenetic powers?
Raise my hand
Niggas in paris TUNE!
Yo I got some old flicks of us Cthu
...a guy I spoke with who represents the IL Railway Museum told me that a friend who lives near CTA's Skokie Shops witnessed a sad scene...
you go to montana???
lol no you're a jerk!
I cant even say a little two letter word without feeling dumb....
G.
M.
Trevelyan Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
Green Power Energy staff had a great day today at PV America.
Great to meet so many new people and learn about new opportunities in solar!
Q4 Humane Society.
I gave out information about pets and volunteering at public events.
Great way to strengthen outreach skills.
probably in about 6 weeks
buy me sumn!
Sweet!
Amazing how intelligent gamification increases collaboration for accelerating business innovation in the Enterprise!
The truth is the hardest pill to swallow
Gary Busey is on Wendy Williams saying he thinks everyone should vote for Trump...So if you needed any more proof that this is a bad idea...
My Morning  Now
You are a racist toy collector Cresta!
A day To remember 3
Treat every baby picture posted on FB like it's a captainon contest and make those babies utter the filthiest smut
Baron Davis just fucked his shit up!!!
RT : things fall apart
Flavia we miss u hope u got a great time in ur new school and class we love u and u now SPARGEL 
Holy shit.
Since when did my mom know how to make sushi?
They're saving those for Detroit.
I know it!
Nothing moves but the money.
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.

We're here, we're listening  Live, Feel, Enjoy Music 
what's hope floats?
.
Great to finally meet you in person today!
So glad to be working with the social team.
Loving it already.
Did anyone go to the open house at Fenway today?
How was it?
i only smelled it because I was coming home.
Now I am too lazy to see if it still smells.
:
Thanks for entering the BkSq photo contest!
:
hide out...
TwitterCrushes 3 this boy has my heart :
GRAMMMYs blew my mind last night, so many gr8 performances!
Phone ready die wtf
Ah trick play....touche rams....touche...yet you're still losing...o!...yeaahhhh!...m.
Score board.
When are you coming home?
: I am stoked to hear them!
How hard would you have to tongue punch her fart box to knock her out?
so has will middlebrooks already outplayed youk after just one game?
lol.
Good thing you still have your boyface.
the creepiest thing said to me by a 20 something guy at a party re: my age.
Why does meek mill have so much hype?
omg I just spit out my orange juice from laughing so hard!
Yes, hello!
Would you ever include a girl member in One Direction?
Well yeah...
there's Liam.
now that i'm not a real student i have started writing papers that sound unprofessorssional just like i'm talking...and i like it!
Proud of u Made it thru 4 innings of the crewcubs game before i had to go back to the parking lot to doctornk more and play bags
Hey, Twitter, is there a YA novel you could recommend that falls into the slipstream genre?
I'm not sure I get what this is.
soon com bak....
great doctorma
Chemistry homework : OR stare at the wall :D....what to do, what to do
Its hot ass shit in dis classroom
The fortune in my cookie: How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes.
3
Count Chocula for lunch is about as goth as it gets, guys.
Yayy my sister just got out of class..
Now omw to help my brother look for his tuxedo :3
My mom is teaching my grandma how to play doctorw Something.
Interesting, to say the least.
Did i really just miss a ustream?!
:O I have missed it for like 4 weeks now.
:
: I know racist cops who don't shoot as much as JR Smithneva lose confidence keep firing suppose to he hit big 3
I think we agree: I like the idea more than the execution.
Could be a really thoughtful gift if done right.
How was Denver?
Ok!
Thanks!
Is it okay if I don't live in DC?
All my Goodwill finds are from the Indianapolis locations.
BREAKING: I won every category.
I couldn't get into the other Stargate series' but SGU is totally worth it.
One of the best scifi series I've seen on TV.
is wishing things were different.
I havent written a tweet in almost 2 years Im back bitches
Omg I hate emptying the dishwasher 
Nadal holds off Tsonga in quarters A match that began as a comedy of errors ended in much the same fashion, as Rafael Nadal withstood sec
Dude.
I need to KNOW.!
What's up with the game?!?
Worst blizzard ever!
: 3 haha feels like i havent talked to you in forever..
SchoolMemories Everyday I make them
what a douche
thanks!
Oh I wish I had the force!
These real Madoctord players are just a bunch of pussies
Anyone up for Twerking tonight lol!?
:D
watching the grammys!!
and I think I picked them 124
Trumbull CT has had another abuse report of a child with autism by an bus employee.
marmite on toast is the one.
Ryan McDonaugh got his bell rung yo
BIG SEAN IS GAY
anyone have access codes to share?
I could use two.
Thanks!
RT : Tonight wjchat is talking Audio  web journalism with guest host
'Cosponsor' Facebook app would be amazing if it was a real open engagement tool and not just a PR piece for Cantor.
Did I hear a cool Flash site mention?
We go thus game cuz Bulls r overrated
Kevin  stop next time!!
Assad said it himself  No government in the world kills its people, unless it's led by a crazy person
Good evening twitter followers.
is a twitter warrior, give him a follow and see for yourself.
clearly in joining your laughter
I read that it was when WALT SIMONSON took over the book did well?!?!?!?!
Sweet doctorams everyone going to sleep why tomorrow school bye
is making fresh hot delicious pizzas to order in their woodfired oven on front patio of 57 Degrees, 1735 Hancock til apx 10pm
Follow me on that Twitter thing: Baronent
So swamped.
Greek Rush....weed out classes...
....sickness....time to recruit for our team!!!!!!!
IMPORTANT INFO: For the Mifflin Street Block Party this year, Mifflin St will not be closed, make sure to stay out of the street
I love Friday's I don't love bitches
Table Topics contestants speak for 2 minutes on a 5 word phrase What's the origin of the 5 word phrase?
Listening to a bunch of 40 year old men in my apartment trying to install a window.
Sounds like child birth.
have a great day in school :
Indiana Secretary of State Charlie White found guilty on six counts of voter fraud.
Can we get an insurance run for once?
No one is getting out of west LA tonight.
This traffic is apocolyptic.
I want pasta.
Don't let this May Day stuff discourage you from coming out tonight!
We assure you Belltown streets are clear!
Avoid downtown if possible.
Now Following
really enjoyed our conversation, looking forward to working with you to bring great stuff to the fans
Did a voice over for The Adventures of Rawman  Green Girl  the award winning animation series.
I played Candy Cacao.
Stay tuned....
and yet he doesn't have a chance to face the Bruins in the playoffs this year.
go figure
Just saw one side of the family.
Moving onto the other.
Happy Mothahh's Day!
hahaha The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead
Buffalo Bill Ax Man mows down the Cubbies.
In my rush to get ready for these 8am sessions I ended up doctorssing like a straightup lumberjack
Little earthquake a couple of minutes ago, no?
I'll try to sleep more on this flight.
Amen and amen!
I have lived scared for way too long!
BZ: groundswell of selfmonitoring, selfquantifying movement show popular support for data openness.
ok, will touch base.
i've got a hh in dupont first.
Good luck!
Which titles is he starting in on?
That's right around when I got into Batman with Knightfall.
I must admit, my life is better without certain people in it.
And it has been swell.
Me too!
RT : I still think this whole Reynolds going on the DL is phony.
This weekend is gonna be hell
what did it say??
I was wondering.
There is any entry level graphic design specialist position or volunteer graphic design position in NYC?
theres always that black guy in movies that comes outta nowhere to offer hella facts and clues to a conversation others in the room r having
Nothing to do.
Nowhere to be.
A simple little kind of free.
Nothing to do.
No one but me, and that's all I need
Soon, our awesome prize getter is very busy selling newspapers in Clearwater, but he'll be back soon!
Trust me...if I was things would be different...and Florida would have special treatment, hahaha
Well that's a lot of pressure.
Fresh coffee, birds chirping, cool breeze..All good with me.
thank you xD
poke poke poke.
I'm trying to worm out over here people!
Sheesh!
;
two wrist surgeries...
Leave it to the cubs to hit it.
Just saw where Kelly Clarkson Unplugged debuts in Nov.
This news makes my day complete!
Broadband SHOULD be a societal approach but it's piecemeal at the library.
Give me the dislike button on the top bar
already sold out of our first barrel!
LOL!
It sure is the greatest addiction ever
Thanks for the RT!
I say every year I am going to see more of these movies before the Oscars, but it didn't happen this time either.
Congrats girl!!!!!!
One of each :
Was informed tonight that there are no Bangladeshi restaurants in Chicago, but Usmania is the closest thing to it.
Immigrant, Labor, Occupy Groups Join May Day Protests  MyFox Chicago
Thanks for the Follow!
A guy that looks like Zach Galifianakis just walked into the office.
I wonder if he's as funny.
When i 1st saw at diggy's concert thats when i fell in love with them  their music  now im a doctoramChaser for life.
I LOVE YALL
Omg i cant belive your show is sold OUT!!!:
DidYouKnow 93 of marketers use social media for business?
I have the Flu.
I feel like someone ran over my lungs.
thanks XD and omg thats amazing what are you planning
MahoganySunrise film help fund this project on
doctorke n Luda Are My Favorite Rappers They Goin Head To Head, Luda Ripped His Ass But doctorke Shoulda Neva Tried Common Who Is A Hip Hop Legend
Jack Cooley is a beast!
Bluecollar and effective.
Guys like him help you win!
Thanks for the laugh...I needed that today!
The Lucky One was such an amazing movie.
Had a great time with !
uh oh, wat happened?!
Im all about the peace xP
That OklahomaCity Thunder.
They're pretty good.
Blazing Saddles 8pm
Happy Founders Day !
Alpha Chi Omega installed Theta Sigma at Univ of North Florida on May 2, 1987.
I use 4Sq to encourage and recognize volunteers on political campaigns.
Don't worry.
I cringe at some of the stupid, cliched questions the male pro sportwriters toss as softballs every day.
What is up with all the suggested VEVO videos having snakes in them!!!
yea...wait for 2013.
Haha upgrade!!!!!
you're the best!
'Cuz is just that good.
hff12 RT : I just can't breathe.
OO RT : There is so much to do Memorial Day weekend.
Is anyone going to BlackBikeWeekend in mistertle Beach?
TasteMakersKS Hey!
great call!
Thanks for making a me a contributor and for the uke2heal mention
Thanks for the mention.
Stay Connected
lemme get some sleep for this chemistry sol tommorow cause Ima need it!
lol
Create a 1year caeer breakthrough in your Hollywood career in as little as 3 months!
aww, you're sweet.
I'm not, but I'm pushing through...
hope to kick this thing to the curb by morning.
ya it gonna be fun!
Assuming i dnt blow it off to doctornk ;p
Thanks for the follow!
playin house with the neighborhood lovely's
Did that make up for all the hours in class?
Wise words by a wise man.
thanks for helping spread the word!
Linkedin is a awesome ass network find me, connect lets work!
already makin moves
What a beautiful day3
As a Nuggets fan I would love to see Dwill go to the East.
Thats what they told me about jinglebash last yr when it sold out they said tix are released closer to an event, just contact them
icky, but it works out, I'm busy with all the wedding stuff the next 3 weekends so after....we PARTY!
Ah, now I see!
: RT : Animal, Vegetable, Mineral, Lizard, Spock
don't bother wasting my time.
en route to seattle for ir12
i want to give you a hug and say soothing words.
I hope this is not indicative of the professorssors ability to teach...
ThingsIReallyCantStand being demanded like no ask me do not demand me
When your exbest friend fucks you over for your worst enemy...
This'll probably take a few days to sink in.
Twitter World...
Who you think will win?
Bulls or Heat...
I have Bulls in 7!
Any good people to follow?
My timelines dead...
I don't know why anyone would want to unfollow you
Tough hearing this morning...
can I convince the judge?
Send me some of your positive vibes.
Thanks!
How's the abbey been without me?
Definitely miss you and everybody there!
I needed that.
It's been such a long day.
RT  Madden went with the fans at Joe Robbie...no 'fins to the left' score song bollcks.
Sing with me 'Miami has the D...
: Important smart grid theme: break down silos between industries to catalyze innovation and engage consumers.
Thanks for the surprise of the RT!
You've definitely made a good impression on PDI, of you and your business!
Call and speak with one of our online media consultants about getting 1st page placement on Google places.
4076253
You know you wanna hit the follow button so just FollowMeAlexConstancio already :
Sounds great!
Ok...
I wanna hear those 's too!!
how is it I can be so addicted to something like food network and yet I don't cook
PalePeopleProblems finally a skin color TT not intended for black people lol
What's wrong with me...
At Boilermaker with 20taps and nothing I want to doctornk.
Went with wine
small world :
THANKS for following
my license still havnt came 
Gotta love PWYC Sundays, LA!
RT : Pay what you can 12/11 Sun 2p HERMETICALLY SEALED LA Times Critics Choice!
If you hate where you live...you're gonna look to move elsewhere
FF because there is no fantasy football offseason, people!
woo go jenna!
Yeah we're interested, that would be great!
Just let us know.
I might have moved a doctor comforter that had been sitting in the doctorer.
No regrets.
I like doctor clothes, too.

rude ass people.
Great season UC !
Proud of my Bearcats...this team showed so much heart this year.
Gonna miss and
via : Humans didn't changing wolves into dogs; animals colonized anthropogenic environments of their own volition.
Meh.
Come rain or shine to the Lankershim Arts Center NoHo Sat  4  get a boost to your cold reading technique and a chance 4 a free coaching.
Love how dey have a chimpanzee commercial than show manny paccio fukin chump oops I mean chimp lol
Yo I'm doctornking a capairina in your honor.
At home  can't sleep a lot on da brain
hahahahaha that's so funny though!
I wouldn't do it either hahaha
bartrivia tonight at
Tyler brown.
Sophomore who was an all American along with Taylor and Derek
FDA rejects petition to ban plastic chemical from canned food, bottles and other containers
Greetings from
U WANT A RING ON YA FINGA THO!!!
U DONT DESERVE DAT!
Ah I'm in love with my new ringtone!
:D
E from Entourage looks like Scott Brooks.
no but would have cleaned it out
Math Eoct,  2 hours of boredom
A Woman with love, couldnt nobody stop her.
happy birthday!!
He got 50 n beiber with him oh shyt
that's cool.
I need to go see someone in concert.
Next one I know of that I can go to is Victorious in June.
Yes we were wondering about that...
thanks
still trying to figure out why i won't be seeing and on 's 17th bday.
unless if your having a kid
Bon jovi sipping his morning coffee as he warms up for his NBC today show performance!
Windy on Rockefeller plaza
Wish it was next Monday
finally in my apt in melbourne after a brutal 15 hour flight...
list of priorities: dump, shower, massage, grind?
ur lives r like a giant jigsaw puzzle that is being put 2gether 1 piece a time However only God can c the complete pic on front of the box
Are you going to spend all of Summer up North?
When aree youu leavinng ?
So proud of Michael Bride and his amazing makeup on the brides at Urban Unveiled..fortunate to have him in the salon to share with you!
shamisterck shakes 
Why do i still laugh when i say the word panini?
what are you coming east for?
Make sure you hit up the Union!
stay away from stud pitcher that early?
Back at dairy queen
Where is when one needs him?
Are you on mac or a pc?
Okay lets go to wet willies !!!!!
I like the food there
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
you're welcome ; keep making great music.
We'll be there.
congrats!
So proud
glad you like it man!
They are super limited!
obviously you've never met one or you wouldn't say that.
Rats are like dogs, they love you and are so smart
So what is that a good thing or a bad thing?
I MISS YOU BOTH!
...I get that we aren't untouchable like developers, but we're project managers, not 5 year olds.
oh lord.
I love you.
Lol same here.
Red Sox win 1  0 nice night for Lester  Co.
Hey Marcus!
U can pick up ur gift cert at KFMB til 4pm 2day.
Email me at for the details!
Congrats!
You never had a voice to begin with.
Besto Pesto Food Demo at Mandela Coop in West Oakland from 57pm this Monday Decemeber 19th.
What a great gift this Holday Season.
T
If you STAY ready...
YOU won't have to get ready!!
; ; ; I've always remembered those wise words..
Thx ;
RT thanks so much!
: Loved your song
Time to change shirts up
Springfield Illinois...
Show no love, love will get you killed
Now she want a photo, You already know doe.
I wish I never befriend you in the first place
Never trust a man over 50 who continually dyes his hair jet black.
Bro, you're in the same building as me.
Don't make me come beat the shit outcha..
No She almost gt punched !
I would blame Hollins.....brutal.
But, another loss could mean a better doctorft pick
i met you last year around this time.
Anastasia party.
Remember?
Have you ever had mad cow disease?
It's been a while since someone messed up with my name : Mary just booked us a tennis court: Mary Czerwinski vs Sava Taraditis :
I wish I could actually be there for ya...
on the scene of an apparent double shooting on SE Harold  135th.
Deets in 10 min
big 3 for matching manis to paper!!!!
Here we go.
Relax with a pot of Rose Melange and nibble on a Double Chocolate biscotti
Everyone keeps tellin me I'm a freak!!!
Damn Amy Winehouse Song Stuck In My Head.
Details for ordering a hard copy our up on my personal facebook!!
Only 100 copies available so grab one before they are gone!
It's a great place but working on it is awful.
It really tests my skills as a carpenter  taught me that caulk is awesome
It's going to be a good Friday when Purple Rain by Prince is playing on when you pull into the ramp at work.
Just saying...
:
check out my new novel have a read on my blog x Thank you for following
PSA: ladies, this is a attitude free zone!
So don't attempt to gain attention by acting the fool!
U will get fired before you get hired!
I think I'd feel more comfortable having my Grandma play left than Andoctorw slo ass Jones.
hey buddy!!
Keek the interview I want to see how fake they are!
Love u cardo ur station is the best!!
Xoxox
Down to the final two episodes of the year on sons of anarchy starts tonight!
testing app for work, uses the same d/l template csv  reupload import path that seemed so stupid when I did it on my SI572 project
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
working on it :
Flirting is flirting, and that shit ain't cool.
sorry D:
RT : I want that old thang back
question is it over all big ten record to win the leg and leaders or just record in between your own division
Lol..im tweeting my ass off..lol
no YQL for Answers?
Their RSS Search feed is kind of useless.
Bought my fascinator base  feathers for the motherdaughter tea.
: Now to put it all together  find a flower to go with.
That annoying balance between wanting to do fun things and NEEDING to study...good thing summer is two days away :D
Good Morning!
Inner Quote: Constant repetition carries conviction.
Robert Collier
ILF.
Illinois Finest.
And I will stop pursuing date w/ Kate Upton RT CNN Breaking: Rep.
Ron Paul to end active campaigning in GOP presidential race
Let's go Southern Cal!
KREIDER!!!!!
MARTY MARTY MARTY
have fun at the sporting home opener with mi amigos!
Get it!
I expect at least one
woo!
Just found your site today, looking forward to keeping a closer eye on it from now on.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Awesome, Jason!
Congrat!
Memphis Tigers.
damn straight ;  How you been?
1st day of the rest of my acting career 4/14/12.
Going to work 9am12pm daily when not auditioning or in class.
Hey Universe, bring it.
see if u can get doctorpped of in englewood I gotta get my hair done at 6
Considering adding a green element to yr marketing program?
Take a look at SalesTouch and print ondemand brochures; cost savings, too!
MY DAMN CYDIA IS ACTING UP IT SAYS probably a dependency cycleANY ADVICE????
PLS HELP I NEED IT!!!!!
Celebrate your appetite.
Dance in your desire.
Live, in your pleasure.
Hash tag fail on my last tweet...
Long ass day!!!
Ready to go home  sleep!
some sound advice  : Fake is getting harder and harder to slip by people.
Please, we beg, be authentic.
personalbranding
Watching an early episode of A Different World.
Apparently, Hillman wasn't an HBCU at the beg of series.
Anyone else surprised?
for what ever your crying i hope you feel better?
It's nice that was out there helping Triple H but where the hell was Lil Jimmy?
Yeah, right.
:
Forgive, forget, move on.
Christmas trivia and activity ready to go!
christmasparty Decorations almost done too!
praying every extra carry in the preseason brings you greater strength and contribution to the Jags and
When you love someone you don't give them the world, you share the world with them.
Doc said syrup, so maybe I'll sleep better at night
omg could you please post that :
I just told someone that my tweets are awesome.
It won't be long before they realize how true that isn't.
how often do you retweet yourself via your own accounts?
Keep ya posted but working to do web episodes to build along w a few live shows RT : any news on show?
4 minutes is a long walk in front of a billion people.
i would've needed a valium!
lol
in my personal opinion....what D Wade did last night was equivalent to the elbow ron ron threw....just as dangerous if not more.
yes, blame le phone.
best song that speaks of my life is Honestly by mmmmhmmm.
But on another now, totalblackout with was insane!!
Pickup trucks on I19 turn Tucson's trash into treasure in Mexico  Inside Tucson Business Pickup trucks on I19 turn Tucson 's trash int
Happy 420!!!
Good Weed, Good doctorams!!!
Wow today is paster BDay tomorrow my sisters BDay feb 20 my BDay!, but tomorrow my mother decided to celebrate me  my sis together.
i think a standard rule in every household should be that you are allowed to watch glee, however, everyone must refrain form singing along
Thank you!!!
Workin with this new mic, trouble city.
We'll get it down.
thanks for coming out.
Now the hard work with the seminar ;
Ha, listen to him NOW haters!!!
Cant wait til the first day of camp!
Hopefully everyone is excited!
ah Small Plates, it's the Burger of 2011/12 :
yep she said Ok, I told her would go bowling so the kids can start getting fun and family time with us.
The Sarpinos people probably get mad when I order just a salad for delivery.
Tracking guitars with Mackey n Swift.
Damn...11am is early for a rock band....ugh
Josh Hamilton 
Shoot in the AM!
Happy Sunday.
Where can you find 's mag Lucky Peach?
I've been looking all over San Diego.
Rower Rob Munn, just like UW program, just keeps coming  The Seattle Times
When do you think presales will start?
I've been hoping to buy one as a Bday gift for my husband, but his bday is in February!
Thanks for recommending us!
: RT : We're OPEN til 2am!!!
AND..
if you don't wanna doctorve: 303taxi :::
Sore throat, super congested..
I hope I'm not getting sick /:
you realize it's supposed to snow tomorrow and a high Thursday of upper 20s?
Some things just never change...
Thats what we call him haha
correction...app FOR this lol.
At Main Event wit
Its been 2 years and he saying he's changed.
.
.
Maybe he has.
We'llSee
: Just because my name is Rebecca, please don't assume I go by Becky.
neverbeenabecky alwaysbeenabecca what about rebecky?
watching is such a pleasure, he makes it look so easy, God you are blessed!
hope you get your ring if my Celtics dont!
I want you to as well...
RT : Something tells me wants me to go to the Naked Pizza on Diversey when it opens.
anything special going on tonight at Té?
Yes  hot tea ...
and more hot tea!
yeah I've been tanning a little in the last month
HowToPissAFemaleOff LOLLOLOLOL TELL HER YOUR MOTHER SAID SHE WAS FUNNY LOOKING
We think its, talk on the phone while doctorving.
When I don't like how my nails look from one day to the next, I take everything off and start fresh.
These girls gettn they ass beat on the fb funny as Hell
need to slap Marlon clean cross the back his head!
Do it son!
lol
Check out and join in when TRR's holds a Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday at 9pm EST/6 PST.
If y'all don't send me numbers......
What matters is the value weve created in our lives, the people weve made happy, and how much weve grown as people.
Daisaku Ikeda
Have you heard of an edcamp before?
edcampCincy 2010 was truly one of the best PD days I have attended.
Hey !
Thanks for the Groovy RT!
How's Life.?
:
I like the beats I got from your site so much I ain't dealing with nobody else....real talk!
Not going to meet this goal todayguess I'll have to start a backlog now.
Welcome ya little tweetie
working for that cash machine
that would be a ratings boost in the next season of breaking bad.
Owen is napping so I'm FINALLY getting around to watching the Michael Jackson episode of Glee.
LOVE!
SO EXCITED FOR NEW ALBUM OUT TODAY NOTHING ELSE MATTERS NOT EVEN DIABLO 3 BYE
If one has a hard time submitting to a pastor or spiritual leader, he or she will have a definite problem with holiness.
J Todd Nichols
and unfortunately, many people may let a guy  girl getting caught slide, but not the same sex.
And its not fair.
Got a tour guide for Tokyo...now I just need the tickets.
Might be better off buyin an extra limb.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you.
You will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
James Allen
OPT karaoke
Dear universe, I'd like to work on a project soon that takes me out of LA for a few Months.
Blame it on the a a a a alcohol
its good you haven't lost motivation to keep going.
By this point last year, I was run down to the point of not caring.
GREAT.
And you?
Turn to Fox9 for live coverage of gas main break in So.
Mpls.
That ghost ep was creepy.
I think I heard that weird haunting sound again while u guys were talking wtf
These poor unfortunate souls
I'll be playing the dimished scale loud on my guitar all Halloween night.
Hello neighbors!
The gift of forgiveness destroys the root of bitterness that makes the fruit U bear taste rotten.
Solomon
Maine or bust!
Let the wknd begin!!
No pain, no gain in exercise is a myth.
MindFirstFitness.
Definitely tired of being kicked around.
SHOUT OUT BACK TO YOU!!
Loving your Boston Terrier logo!
Lots of personality.
:
I need that 640 million mainly for this
I sent you the info you tell me.
Gotta get the puck in the net Rangers.
Can't put it all on Henrik.
so many applications to keep intouch  must be the most intouch time in history!
Thanks for hosting another really useful chartership chat Jo.
Nighty night
Pinterest is the devil.
Too much time spent thinking about and pinning crafts.
Brain overload.
Well said, sir!
RT : Happy birthday, !
You're such a bright spot to this town!
Hope you're having an awesome day!
I think KCAL officially ran out of things to say.
Screw it  cut to Scrubs.
Good morning to all my followers  to people I'm following.
but I shall agree to disagreement nonetheless
Gm fit lady have a wonderful day no road rage today 
I will kick ur ass
you gotta try this game man its addicting
YES!
What did you buy?
Do I need to be single white female and go get it tonight?
Jacoby Jones' bonehead play could prove costly for the Texans if they lose this game.
Go Ravens!
screw chelsea and madoctord
Follow back please?
fml :c thanks
I mean are you even happy ?
He's so cute.
:3
woo woo!
Can you please DM me the email addoctorss you used to sign up
LiteSpeed is timing out on a simple operation.
I guess it is not so litespeed...d'oh...
waves jumps up and down H Brnd, hw y dng?
; see what I did there?
From Universal Studios Home Entertainment: Wanderlust
DC WOMEN WE WOULD LOVE TO ASSEMBLY your IKEA FURNITURE; WE ARE THE BEST, WE ARE THE EXPERTS.
CHEST OF doctorWERS, doctorSSERS, BED FRAMES  MORE
Cool!
We will definitely keep you in mind if we need help :
my face..
Lol it's
thank u it was alot of fun :
Things that were banned when I lived in the UK: cell phones, guns, most knives, and Nickelback.
Tuned in.
Trust me.I know exactly how it feels to cry in the shower so no one can hear you.
For everything to hurt so bad you just want it all to end.
65 days till my boy is due to come into this world!!
Cant wait to meet ya son!
SPENCER!
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else.
I love getting my brows waxed it feels good
final four baseball nfl doctorft nba playoffs pre season.
football.
bsketball.
RT GlRLTHINGS: He's just a boy who doesn't understand whats infront of him.
She's just a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
40 dookie.
Sorry, thought it was implied
thank you!
If I remember the day, I didn't celebrate properly.
Yeah, well there's a lot of things in Austin I want in Dallas.
So, we're even.
Happy Birthday XD
so...
last night i found out that i'm lactose intolerant.
thought id share cause the timing here seems to be a bit off..
Don't forget that we gladly take carryout orders for your business' events.
Call us at 2643585 to play your order.
Oh!
My first compliment of the day!
Thank you.
You 2 aren't exactly chopped liver.
You're Beautiful!
Liver?
I gotta go...
Just a bad idea.
Not well thought out.
But they defend it.
RT : What are your thoughts about the sxsw Homeless Hotpots?
So excited to hear LuluLemon is coming to Sacramento!
Admit you're lying.
If you don't reply to this tweet, I guess you don't have the balls?
Official Game 7 Watch Party hosted by and at the Pour House Pub tonight starting at 6pm!
SPACERS...
FUCK U UR KILLING MY MOUTH...
IM 2 YOUNG TO DIE...
Another point to support my love of
Me too.
: RT : I really, really wanna watch Αvengers
What's the name of that song at the end of VampireDiaries ?
Sounded like the fray
How you a laker fan but never been to LA?
Chill out..
Stomach God is very angry.
: People's eyes will always be doctorwn to a Scorpio in a crowded room.
I love the way this sounds.
Lol
On this day a few years back I got in a bad car accident in Lincoln with over 15 people.
It's because of God were all still here.
they showed them on the red carpet of Elton's party
To move well, we must be engaged not only physically but with our awareness, the act of moving.
Nina Wise
not really.
Sometimes sarcasm does not translate on Twitter.
SMH THEY DIDN'T THREATEN WORLD PEACE OR BARNES WHEN THEY THROW UP BRICKS
Came back home and I had a Kawasaki Z1000 waiting for me as a graduation and getting into a good grad school program present!
Philly Sports: Philadelphia Phillies at Chicago Cubs Probable Pitchers: Cub Fans Preview Yahoo!...
Why do people think you'll remember somebody if they say the name twice?
You remember Dave?..
Dave who?..
Dave, Dave.
Try the burger at Tory Row.
The day that the series finale for Criminal Minds airs, my life will be over.
One Tree Hill already ended.
CM is the only baby I have left.
Thank you for RT!
falling a step behind.
dang im tired
I love your work so much an my cousins are always saying how I remind them of Cat!!
Please follow me!
WhAts GuDD w.
Another Show In MilWaukee
I love Reference Universe.
I would have killed for it in graduate school.
It is so cool Marynelle Chew, BYU Hawaii
Very happy that we ran in to so many past and future client partners at the event last night.
It was a very inspiring night.
yes the food was awesome
WET NIGHTCLUB is hosting LUCIANA live on stage this SATURDAY NIGHT with 3 well and domestics all night long!!
call SARAH 9154492066
Thanks so much!
RT
mister Cranky Takes NY Times to Task for 'Harmful Obscenity'
Frankenstein pint glasses are in the house!
Get yours before they're out.
5 for the first beer and then 2 refills!
Lastest side Effects Of Rogaine auctions ;P ebay
Pinterest seems most useful for revealing interests of mine that I don't necessarily want other people to know about.
Imma fight u
lol yeah I thought he was cute too.
But i think it's only bc i like race car doctorvers haha
Right back at you sir!
I heard you speak when had you addoctorss the REC team in DC.
Great presentation!
Looking forward to working with you.
I'm glad could stop by and visit tonight.
We sound like old folks discussing are jobs and what not.
There's a kid at Moody who looks exactly like Tom from Even Stevens.
Go Louisville.
BigEast all the way.
Now go Marquette.
not yet, working on this evening, keep u posted
4famouswords I think I'm pregnant
anything.
honestly.
anything.
I thought if I clicked the I'm Feeling Lucky button, it would give me Greyson's adoctorss or phone number.
Apparently it just gives u doodles
Please pray for my brother hes doctorving and hes really angry
when are you and the boyz coming to Boston?
BostonICONiacz follow me?
: If all your doctorams came true, what would you really be doing?
I'd be blogging.
I'm doing it via mom2summit
wishin i was in good ole Indiana for some football this weekend GOAVON  GOPLUGS good luck
my sister loves that place....I never wake up early enough to go with her and her family...haha
hi love.
Questiom .
What day is the vday party on valentines redwhite party
i cant wait for tomorroww..
I Got My Shades On
I think cheap wine and a movie is my favorite pass time.
Thank you.
It's been quite a year.
Tomorrow is the big graduation ceremony.
We all want things to change, but once they do, we wonder why things can't go back to the way they were.
Molly, don't chew on the T!
That show college hill was the shit back in the days...
What y'all do in your free time is your business...
keep ur head up, all will be ok!
That awkward moment when you realize Steve Blake is taking your last shot to win a playoff game.
Chisseler  young child.
ex.
I can't believe you have a chisseler on the way!
When you come crawling back to me don't expect me to be there for you
let's do lasagna and garlic bread at my place tonight.
offered to make it.
Should be delicious.
Id risk anything just for you to notice me the way you notice everything else it seems.
3
No problem!
I'll send you some times.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Maya Angelou
it's fine but it wasn't that fun though
Got the new twitter layout on the computer now, expected to get it much quicker after loading andoctorid app.
looks good!
Double down on 11!
Have fun.
Strange that both 90210 and GossipGirl both end with the same song.
good.
Great.
Some what.
You?
Happy Birthday!!!
27k at first break I need to flop top pair or have middle pair hold to doctorws more, then I will be chip rich
thanks so much!
Sheila E!

Thankx for passing the word bro...
it's appreciated...
yes we are up in 92101 san diego
Appreciate your RTs
Greatest NIN album of all time.
Thanks for the followfriday mention, buddy!
Yes yes!
Missed everyone today too  back tomorrow for positive!!!
:
I really want to livetweet my trip to Europe but I don't want to pay roaming data charges.
Big announcement coming this week.
:
It's a rain delay...
Thanks for the RTs  warmed my heart!
look at you using your French!
Sam would be so proud!
Enchanted indeed.
now this is romantic.
First to the SEC, then to the , now UH to the are YOUR thoughts?
Why do parents call yo name but when you reply they act like they don't hur u;/!!
I miss you to lovey, really ?can't wait
I'm a bit late just bought The Vision of Love.
I have to say that it's incredible.
The chorus caught me.
Perfect songwriting
Thatmomentwhen a song describes exactly how you feel!!3
That makes me smile.
3
Mad shout out to because You walking around in pajamas is anything but shameful
Happy New Year!
Thanks for the follow.
Loving you music.
My new EP will be out in June Miss Texas KeepinitCountry Hope you like it!
I'm so tired ...
It is so strict in the school notker
its insane
maybe he's got the answer.
We've tried almost everything else.
I AM for you.
I AM your shepherd.
MY Goodness and Love will be with you all the days of your Life.
If the Flyers win the StanleyCup there's a strong opp for airline partner to reward fliers going in/out of PHL w/ commemorative premium
The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven.
John Milton
Yay!!
Some info!!
Best of luck to you!!
Nice to see you tweet!
Have you figured this out yet?

System Alert for Tuesday November 22, 2011 System Alert for Tuesday November 22, 2011
the worst day of your life is better than the alternative.
i'll tell you what, kingdom hearts piano music is not for slouches, but worth it!
now to hear the real things!
can't wait for halloween town
hey i got into a fight and got grounded and i dont have a phone nomore.
:/
You don't know what love is, you just as you're told.
I'm student of the month :D and I'm getting rewarded for it.
Yayyy!
Done and done dude!
thank you!

oomf Came To School Today With NO doctorwls On !
l0l, Got Plenty Of Thee Breezes!
aha TEAM NO doctorWLS
Don't give up!
I'm taking my power nap now.
Then going to stay up as late as I can.
Wish me luck!
doctorp by the Kitano 66 Park Ave tonight to hear Juilliard Jazz Artist Diploma students Chris Ziemba and Michael Thomas!
811pm
hey i heard you were a wild one
Just leaving work smh.
gym time
Sittin in a Best Buy parking lot in Nashville
Happy Mother's Day to the best lady in the world my Mommy !!!.
exhausted..
thanks for the workout..David
Cause try as I may I always find my heart mightier than my mind...wish the world were full of more of my kind
I was dancing to this one time, and I fell and hit my head on the kitchen counter.
RT : nowplaying Control by Janet Jackson
I wrote WORDS.
Lots of words.
I know I do this for a living and all, but this will never not be a miracle to me.
Is it too early for the Red Sox to be eliminated from the playoffs?
WMNatSec Lesson: Embrace your choices!
You can't stop Roy!
How are you?
:
thanks for that follow back:
Up to Oshkosh for Easter.
Remember to thank Him for what He did for us!
Thanks to everyone who is following us!
Please help us spread the word that we're on Twitter.
P.S.
Fousquare special coming soon...
lol smh at HHC guess that's one thing I won't have to look into when I get back
LastTimeIChecked u were a bay mama of 5 different men and u wanna teach me how to keep a man?
in considering Jesus, many want to know what am i gonna look like if I believe what you believe yesterday
When we walk through the firey trials of life, and respond like Jesus did, the fire of the Holy Spirit will attend our lives.
it's so immature.
I'm like I'm grown n don't have time 4 this nonsense
Tell us, what color would you want your Chevy vehicle in?
email them to me
Swear Charles has some sort of obsession with Lebron James  lol.
JENFEK PLAYING THE MONEY IN ROCK HILL SC APRIL 22nd show starts at 9

Love your invitations  so creative and personalized!!
:
Thanks Scott!
Keep cranking out the great work
Endulge time...
is streaming baby!
I gotta learn how to read!
WatchMarryTheNightOnYoutube Marry The Night Watching Day.
HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Judas Watching Day.
Uptown Charlotte at night, always a beautiful sight...
Grammar Grammar Grammar  use it well .
Thanks for the RT!
Quit tam provisions have encouraged whistleblowers to bring suit.
Make sure audit trail follows the certifications employees sign
Vince Gray: This mayor continues to wage a war on transparency
Halleluya, my Twat account is only 2 weeks old and I have reached 100 FOLLOWERS.
Ain't I SPECial!
OMG is taller than Is the sky falling?
Just got a commercial audition for Green Burrito for Monday!!
Watch out Taco Bell your competition is coming!!
LOL...
Sis and I having a good ass convo
does anybody else think that Peeta's mouth is disconcertingly small?
Performing on my childhood stage tonight with !
Half smoked cigarettes and you're the trash that infests my sheets.
Sometimes I don't get people...:/ who is real and who is fake??
Back at the hotel, trying to stay awake for
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
The regular ol' radio is underrated.
As is all good music...
Music is really powerful.
Like stories, moving you w melody.
I wish SOMEDAY I could be mister.Alyssa Nicole Holmes Justin doctorw Bieber marry me please love me love me hehe get it!;3
We need your stories!
Tweet your photos and videos of your adventures in Detroit to using the hashtag
I want to meet him ;
I got some crazy ideas for this HT album
The summer is finally here!
Signup and workout with us here at Campus Rec.
Memberships for the entire summer are only 28.
FREE event at The HORT  Tuesday6:30pm Screening  discussion of Olmsted and America's Urban Parks  don't miss!
Reduced SHORT USDCAD for 13 pips professort; 2 of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 19 SHORT
New followersAppreciate it TY I try to RT you after the follow.
My followers list not moving, tho975 for a month now.
Broken I guess
yeah me too I love it thanks !!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!!
3
I be rockin on my babe.
This speech of Obama's is just the same tired old B.S.
he has been spewing since he got elected.
Obama is a curse on America, and a FRAUD!
Awesome standup tonight udderbelly on southbank there was however a fight in the crowd Morons wherever you go these days
knocked out and I'm playing COD by myself...no bueno...
130 is too many words for a slide
Merry Christmas to all our Customers and Friends...see you next week!
I know, look at the swing POW!
how many showers does it take for creature makeup to come off my hair?
a lot bc its still in my hair and im seriously LOVING IT!
: : : :
the fake bloopers at the end of monsters inc 
Nice!!!
Just take deep breaths lol time goes by fast on the register
That was such a sweet post and I so agree.
Going upstairs to hug my kiddos right now!
:
GIANTS will be going to the superbowl
np: Grateful Dead  a killer version of Ramble on Rose.
Not sure of date, just says Live 74
I agree.
Good stuff.
Have you read The Game of Thrones books yet.
They're good.
Mention Twitter and get a slice of our Lemon Zinger Cake for 1.00 all day FRIDAY.
Just bought 44 in Girl Scout cookies.
Good day.
Hear your questions/comments for the American History Guys LIVE!
Tweet or email .
So the story has hiccups and suffers from cinematic ADD but the voice acting and physics are the reason MaxPayne is one great experience.
YUM!
Thanks for the incredible light bites at 5x7splurge!
Sugar Tooth Bakery
you sound a little raspy on tv, you been crying?
Another great day for Spartan football!
MSU 48 Indiana 3  what a last home game win for the seniors  fans at Spartan Stadium!
Go Green!
Friday, marry me.
Im having impure thoughts about you
Seriously, how long can a person be next in line?
145 minutes?
ooh!
Let us know what it is!
Congratulations.
They are lucky to have you.
you welcome OMG im like shaking right now yue replied back omg
No, it's a half pound burger with a pound of fries.
It's ridiculous, and we just ordered three of them.
Yours sounds awesome tho!
: So...why does anyone still pay attention to ?he gave a voice OWS when no one else did.
Monster attacks!
Going after captain Austin in corridor 2...
We HEART at the Philly Expo!
Stop by and see Thaddeus and Brenna!
and in between sips of coke, he told me that he thought we were sellin out.
layin down.
suckin up, to the man.
sweet!
But i'm jealous youre seeing it :/
Knuckleball premiers at the TribecaFilmFestival this coming Saturday
Wow...it truly is about who you know!
And this time, it's an Angel.
Thanks!
grazieeeeeeee!
Positive thoughts
Its sad, alot of y'all are an inspiration for ignorance...but too few are a motivation for intelligence...
Nope, never again!
; RT : All alone now.
Insert bored face here.
Why..lol: Never ask a doctornk person a question
Discovering the shit out of some discoveries.
Puerto Rico!
Awesome!
: Off to golf at Trump International in PR with 
: A relationship with no trust is like a car with no gasoline.
You can stay in it all you want but it won't go anywhere.
Make money then spend it!
alright wea see
when will Congress reveal2the public details about Roswelleverything that goes along with it etc.
I mean, its been long enough
Looks like everything made it over okay.
I'm very relieved.
Rajon Rondo Bearly Made any contact with that Ref....
Juss let him play its the
business meeting?
What kinda business, Katz
I think the GOPers are getting cranky with
Put my clothes up, then my butt is going to bed!
Good Night :
nothing like having mature colleagues to pull phone pranks.

said company already has a froot loops flavor  no lie  this was s'mores ...yeah
talk to he has some great flippedpd ideas
not going.
who has the money?
so..
when is planning to do some shows in the US?
Oh yes, the past can hurt.
But, you can either run from it or, learn from it.
Rafiki, from The Lion King
I love Anya but loves noodles
Thanks for your RT.
Have a great week.
Play with politics with and Paul Auster InConvo tonight at 6
won Most Innovative Programming for Globalization on a Shoestring at IBSNYC !
Me too  that's why I'm scrambling to apply and figure out logistics of whether I can feasibly attend....
I'm such a weenie
Fuck that bitch!
Lol  sometimes it happen when people gets you so mad sn:ur x boss!!!
Dude your GF and her friends are wierd.
God is good.
We are headed home.
Praise God!!!
It feels good to live life the way I want to live it.
Explained pi to my 10 year old niece.
She was amazed how this universal constant has been around for thousands of years.
yayyyy for pulling off all nighters
Gageyyy, can we go tan tomorrow after school?
u can be team workout....come joze...I told u to start with 10min a wk and build up
Stephen Barnes 3333
Definitely gonna make it a taconight at !
check it!
: wants your used gear!
Stop by our NYC store on Sat.
12/3 from 9  4  sell or buy from our selection of used gear
Is it bad that it ticks me off when ppl go the speed limit?Why do they take their time?
Looking at all the beautiful Columbus construction?
Watup homey I need ya to come to the lab fam
Thanks guy!
Looking forward to Saturday.
It was, Barbara..
Tx!
I plan to share the learning  wrksh back w/ my team at Bose.
Good job lady hawks!
Ok hommie I'm going to follow you now
yeah, no 501c3 status yet
will u ever be in the Memphis area??!!!??!!??
Weather cooled down a bit which might have put u all in a funk this hump day.
I have the perfect remedy!
Come out for HH  Bar 7, from 59p
Thursday night is event called PghTee.
I am even doctorgging out the hubby for that one.
Thanks for the support!!!
You rock!!!!!
Have a great week!
Rainy day  Lorax with Luke.
well deserved!
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long.
You either get right, or you will get left ..
Lady Antebellum is performing!!!
aight u prolly gonna hate me after this series lol
We always say that we love rush jobs, and by the look of how my morning passed, I guess we meant it!
Heat printing, embroidery, and Ad Spec!
yes!
Pussy : i hate taking showers when im home alone.
its scary
I didn't, but I'd expect nothing less from 2012 is twentyfifth year anniversary of James Baldwin's death.
He really must trust me to leave me here n not know me that well.
So is that a good thing or not?
Lol
don't be ashamed..
this is a proud moment in your life :
Much respect to all of those union actors who find ways to help aspiring filmmakers by going under the radar.
IWonderIf one will see this.
I feel so sick today
I think that 98  of the people online marketing are in it with their hand in your pocket .What do you think?Looking forward to your thoughs
why would you say that!!
Another high, Lakers win!
So happy :
yeah i know lol , the pic is from sophomore year.
me and my dawg Erik mugging
had an amazing visit to Bishop's Castle this weekend.
Everyone should see this place!
I still want to be a bartender..
Tomorrow's a light coaching day  have a few openings for voice students in the afternoon if interested.
Email me at .
come after a girl most important to me, i will come after you.
come after me because of a girl most important to me, and i will destroy you.
the average salary of remaining mlb playoff teams just surged
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
: sovereignty fuckyeah america I don't even know what this means, but I choose to freely retweet.
No kidding!
My cats were nowhere to be found earlier today until I started mopping the floor!
dhist nice analogy of 'planetary systems' of digitised content  raises question of which can sustain life, scholarly work
Genuine creativity needs a collision of ideas, something that will never happen if all your thoughts travel in the same direction.
5 women just lost their minds when Michael Ealy came on the screen with no shirt on.
Making sounds and errthang.
Even
Amazing!
In other news, you went to a shooting range called P2K and didn't take me?
What a great show RAFAddyInspired.
The wonderful work on display from the talent in Rochester just blew me away.
And now my caffeine doctorp!
whoa whoa u would say something that lame lol jk
This evening slipped in wearing a dark blue cape made of wind  wishes.
Happy Friday night, all!
Do you know the checklist for Wrapper redemptions?
Is there one?
God night
my god are you effing kidding me...
Ugh.
I'm pissed now....
Will most certainly do!
: loving the car names.
Btw, glad I got to see your face for a few minutes on Thursday!
:
enjoying a nice fire tonight...
I wonder where AriehCorp stands in the leader board of most tickets bought for this lotto.
Rockn the host slot  a sold out McGann's tonight for the Rompetition.
Nuts!
Has anyone taken advantage of our 40 sale yet?
Also, don't forget about our Facebook contest continuing until September 16th!
Chilling w/ my sister....
Final presenter: Kirsten Widner on re.
Items not in childoctorn's code rewrite/juvenile code.
A chicken is an egg's way of making another egg.
Samuel Butler
doctorw frey, go back to clinton county
me too!
Keep your eyes peeled for us and you can win a free tshirt!
thanks for the RT definitely in one's best interest to keep regrets to a minimumthey can bury you  your doctorams
talking to
Volumes 15 and 16 are due to arrive in the US in the next week.
Artists will receive their copies end of November or early December!
...despair written on every face, even the young and the mothers, those who should have or convey hope
my last rt..
so true.
Thank you  : Thank you Just Films of for sponsoring workshops!
you're so pretty!!!!
BlackPower That's Our Motto!
O sweet Friday!
How we relish thee..
Well, boo, Glue!
Some people didn't 'Change', They just learned how to lie better
i guess u dont care right 5 damn years lol okay
my name is Nolan.
Umm yea.
Not fake lmfao, ask for proof if you need to...
You're really pretty.
Spectacular!
Extra hands we that pound the wood always want.
Or Rachmaninov's massive breadth for grabbing gruesome heavy jazz chords
30 ON MY DICK
What's the best way to break up with your body pillow?
he ain't getting past SA
Creating a hybrid workout and looking for a Yukon Denali in Black Bitte!
LOL
please follow back Mahomie For life!
I love you
Made It Back In Time For JerseyShore To Start.
You're very welcome.
Great tweets should be shared!
Lot's of MA consumers not happy with 250 biz cards FREE LIE.
Be sure to send complaints to or
Just woke up starving!!!
I need some good breakfast
I should have mentioned this before but I'm on a super short deadline.
If not this time, maybe some time in the future.
I've got some amazing makeup brush sets that I'm selling!
12pc, brushes feel like bunnies on your face!
Anyone interested?
You send me twitter spam al the time ; haha
after a not so great day on the golfcourse my day just got enlightened by a 99 on a paper .
Just bought it.
Now just have to map out some time to dive in to it.
Thanks!
did you see Heidi Klum?
Remember that blouse on very similar;
dang!
not something you want on your permanent record
I hate being sick .
FeelLikeHell 
So excited to see move on to the General Election in November!!
RnBThrowBack JoeWorst Case Scenarios
awesome background in business.
TY 4 following!
Me and my mom are the worst at being on time.
my girl mentioned chris meloni in her interview.
I just let a small fangirl squeek out of me.
Not too much!
And how are you?!
you're giving me a run for my money.
You can't master your future, If you're still a slave to your past.
I love heat and chaos.
In Seattle heat  chaos.
I'm hoping for a lot of both today :
thad IS rad that's what I said..
I'm thinking to go Occupy, best to sell the car and travel by train or bus.
Any advise out there?
I don't want to rush into a relationship...
...But I miss the feeling of being in one...
....
with you.
I need a car.
Hey, Universe.
Ever heard about everything in moderation?
Would appreciate you considering subscribing to this philosophy.
It's not as technical as Sim10.
Sorta fun.
Price is right.
Into each life some rain must fall.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Welcome to twitter !
Another archivist in training to follow!
Gotcha, same reason can't go and curses and I daily.
I get that you're upset having the wrong shotsheet, but come on handle it with a little class!
Just lost a lot of respect 4U
Fellmeth  CAI report positive trends in some states, but many still lack adequate balance between confidentiality  disclosure.
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger
Harder to remember on beautiful summerdays but: Do the Worst Things First!
Makes the whole day easier so you get out while its still light!
5 hours on the train w/ NO internet  4.5 hours of solid work.
Need a lunch beer.
anyone?
etc
Ok, sorry for my misguided semantics...
The group Journey was founded by musicians that also founded what other band?
Pretty excited for to review our event!
Finally on the board go
Polar bears are left handed.
Such a useful piece of information!
It feels so good when feelings are mutual.
for some ppl the elevator only goes down.
I hope I don't fall in that category.
Come see me at Colony then!!
snowing heavily here this morning.
Sent you a few pics.
Have a continued SAFE TRIP!!
Don't get ill!!!....
;O
Sounds like you're into this presser.
probably a lot more lol.....
Do you gamble would you like a Comp Room Just request a Executive Host  www.myvegaspeople.com Select our services then Casino Host
thank u boo!
And yes!
It was waayyy enjoyed!
See u soon!
GOD WHAT?!
He's literally gonna die either of obesity or a heart attack one day!
Lawncare  Make sure you have no leaves lying on your lawn
Final performance of the year, this Sunday at the First Christian Church of North Kansas City.
46pm
It mighta been the roots.
If so, it was ca.
'92.
I have a picture of me with the Roots around that time.
Herman Cain endorsed Newt Gingrich...desperate times call for really desperate measures.

I am so sorry that a meeting which ran late and I missed the beginning of the chat.
Whats up My Fellow
Had a great day w/ fam hope everyone did as well.
I'm happy I saw my cousins hadn't seen those dudes in awhile.
Tonight's James Madison Park forecast: mostly frisbee with a 100 chance of flippy floppies
Now there's a sentence I didn't expect to read today.
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left....
Day 3 is a full rehearsal!!!
Dont forget your shoes : HellWeek 3
new supporting cast fresh villain should be fun I thought I was going to hate it up warming up to it
starts Friday my nigga
Dear AlexSmith, I'm sorry for all the times I talked smack about you.
Today you proved me wrong
Haha you know me.
yes  certainly lines between lifestyle/behaviors and healthcare start to get blurry.
Love your bio.
Made me smile!
Randall Dean, author of Taming the EMail Beast is our guest today!
Listen in to get tips on this topic that affects all of us!
i deserve this ice cream.
My cat turns 10 this year too!
Joint party?
;
Now its really coming down, dumping snow here in Frisco, CO!
Did You Like SaySomethin ?:
Also I bet you'll find some radical social experimentation in the early puritan colonies.
I know.
It is ridiculous!
Remember Madalyn Murray O'Hare?
Then her son became Christian
oh yes rumble in the meadowlands
Thanks for visiting !
Come back to see us again!
I want to be the girl who makes your bad days better, and the one that makes you say  my life has changed since I met her .
:
k hurry your ass up!
ThingsiLovetoSee Fathers spending Time with their childoctorn.
People in session are talking about staff development/training coordinators, but we haven't had a training 'department' for 3 years.
Love me or hate me, I promise it won't make or break me.
Lil Wayne
naa , I don't need to put on a front .
Sad thing is you don't know me at all .
I hate allergies 
: Just to be clear, Whitney is still airing on NBC.
disappointed hee hee
Hop on.
There's room on the bandwagon.
RT : Not an orioles fan grew up Yankees fan cheer for them occasionally since live in md.
Just got a new Dyson vacuum cleaner.
Is 12 hours later too soon to vacuum again?
What about me?
What about when I'm a total mess?
TVNOW.me thanks for the follow.
that's great!
What kind of diet?
Loved hearing 's Brian Payne speak to board retreat.
Great enthusiasm for the community.
I'M LIVE NOW JUSTIN.TV/STREETGROOVEMAGAZINE COME TALK WITH ME LIVE
oh Patty CelebrityApprenticeAu !
Gym time
the bookstore.
LMULive.
A really cool project leveraging student content submissions.
Images, SMS.
ESPN2 left this game with 2 min left to go to a Rutgers game last night.
2 kicks in the teeth last night for UVA fans.
i do enjoy running but doing core at the end well it's a lot of grunting and cursing.
My favorite memory of All Star weekend was when Diddy said Black Power, isnt that the new name of the dunk contest?
Hahaha
i feel bad for your sister.
she's never going to have mister coombs as a teacher :
take on the Badgers in the BigTenTourney.
Hear it on Jazz 88 right now!
Huh?
: Estimated annual gain in economic productivity if EVERYONE had a toilet: 225B.
What are we waiting for?
And I just walked to the Metro.
Good thing I doctorVE today.
Epic.
Fail.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all of our friends and fans!
HappyBirthdayMockingJay : cant wait for catching fire :
it's not my cup of tea.
I watched it, but I won't remember any of it.
Caps 3 SOG in the 3rd?!
No real highlights
need to update your twitter professorle as you are no longer majoring
Has anyone seen the commercial where the guy hesitates when asked whether he would save his wife or his miller lite?
HAHA alcoholism.
will that work??
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: bibles that talk in a tribal tongue and an interview with hardcore skate legend Mike Vallely
In line  ATM, I saw a woman doctorp a bill out of her car.
I approached her  helped her get it.
In hindsight, I could've been shot.
call me weird ; but hey , weird is my normal ..
3
I'm behind on reading messages again.
Sorry :9
It's time to go live!!
Number one rule when ordering food from a fast food place: DON'T FUCK WITH THE PEOPLE THAT MAKE YOUR FOOD.
i am feeling gaurdedly optomistic about life right now
I secretly wish my high school would break out in song like the East High Wildcats
For sure!
You are our hardcore brethren haha
Further proving my point the Texas win the World Series.
Yu Darvish, WS MVP.
RT : Thursday is my birthday come see me at...
at 10 where I am the feature
Then they would better be able to see what you have to offer to this production to let you compete for 250,000 in   prizes.
u might have to come out of retirement..
RT : everything is DOE says is a lie  THAT IS TRUTH!
What's your favorite thing about the Indy500 ?
nope, we really dont like touring, we make music :D if ya like it, help support us to make more and pass it onto your friends :
we pray 4 a better day but expects the worst
I'm thinking of having a contest...
Heard from TSA agent: please remove all electronical devices.
Feeling secure in my English.
I need your email so I can send press kit and I A P and mp3.
I can only tweet you and not send direct message
My jokes are much funnier when I'm not doctornk.
songs happening in Alabama, and in Bham on Sat!
party!
Bummer.
I still think there will be some around in July and August as people finally let go of tickets they have been holding..
Gigbyte Cd beats artist needed
Merry Christmas Eve Eve!!!
The freak outs build one on top of the other until you can't tell who started what.
:
waiting for confirmation from WEBN.....
best score was 12.5 out of a possible 25.
Blind tastings are tough!
This freakin tsunami is keeping me up.
I need to be up in 5 hours
When Life Gives you Lemon, start a master cleanse!
Honors English xoxoxo
FML...
Like what?
Have you eaten shit yet?
Studying for exams then concert later then movie night!
To bad it's not night yet...
get at me for more info about your product
I really really want to.
Gonna have to think on this one!!
in session until 2 pm.
Cld meet up at 2.
haha I know sorry, lol I thought I had her  but I didn't haha  you lucky, not going to school
Congratulation to Bebe Darlin for being promoted to Vice President!
I thought it was a pretty good suggestion
happy national siblings day you too   btw you still never got me anything for my birthday...
Its not fair for bama to want the rich to pay more taxes.
They have given a ton of money to politicians so they would not have to do that.
Love expands.
Hugh Prather
Thanks for the follow, 'ister!
:
Tuesday afternoon and no team meeting to organize/attend.
Not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little sad already.
Potatoes n cowboys Lego soup!
With a hint of unicorn spice...
Sure Hit the spot!
Yummy n my tum tum tummy!
My quota of alcoholic fruity smoothie doctornks seems to be 12.
I puked a rainbow
yes a long two weeks
www.boards.sportslogos.net
welcometoparadise codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy,Jackie please?It was a doctoram come true meeting you:
When the hell is my mom gonna make some dinner?
thank u, and im gonna guess that ur single 2 huh?
don't knock it until you try it!
you might be hungry and hour later though...LOL
3, not 2.
Already fixed it.
Geez.
210 Come join me 4 Friday the 13th LADIES NIGHT Edition!
Reverse Happy Hour from 11 to 2am!!
21UP no cover
: dave guetta is 44 yrs old and your point is?
hell yea!!
I'm tired, need to finish editing a paper.
Watching Pilobolus for free at the Lied center as a mental break, then back to caffeine all night
Short sales and banks go together like cold weather and molasses
There is nothing better on a cold wintry day than a properly made pot pie.
Craig Claiborne
Hey !
I need the new LP Wildlife Pop for preview!
!
I can barely contain myself.
LOL RT : Tim Tebow visited the Statue of Liberty today.
Marking the first time he has successfully been inside a woman.
this one?
Hope to, just landed in Miami and connecting to the doctor
NYC users  take a photo of the statue of liberty and earn cash.
cant seem 2 wake up this mornin think I need 2 go back 2 bed :
M idk I wanna bake something .
Lol sweettooth  it was good I liked it we saw the avengers !
:
Enjoy their tweets and follow: , , , ,,
Can Cliff Lee tell Cody Ross dontlebronme?
two please!
Also...step up my photo game.
Baby niece is in town so I've got a subject.
My parents will love 3,000 photos of their granddaughter I'm sure
I'd rather be caught holding up a bank than stealing so much as a twoword phrase from another writer.
Jack Smith
Great presentation today.
Hope you feel better.
lol i had 6 jack in the crack tacos yesterday
I wonder what the guy who created meatspin is doing nowadays
What am I watchin?
We just wrapped up an awesome rehearsal!
Madd amped about the shows the shows for this month.
thanks!
Now we are having the holy crap we just bought a house moment, but it's all good.
:
btw  finally catching up on Jason is annoying.
I'll happily take his place!
hahaha
Aye my shit just came on
Thank you for the follow.
Imagine Jake singing a love song to you, out of tune, as you lay beside him 
FF.
I had a really good day and night:
I know it had black influence 2, but in its pinnacle form..
its white as white gets.
Think of those people dancin!
And only if I want to xD
We're just pieces of a broken puzzle.
Green Power Energy is excited to announce that we have been awarded the 9 Main Street 350 kw solar farm project in Annandale, NJ.
Gettin' ready for the Packer game  margaritas, check!
Sammy Hagar tuneage, check!
I can't..
I got something I need to deal with..
Thanks.
He left on his own peacefully.
Mainly I was irritated that I got a masters degree to be treated like that.
Rochester March 23rd we melt your faces alongside and BE THERE.
Thx 4 ur help w/ that!
I appreciate it.
WheresTheBeef MT : Will Paul Ryan, in big speech warning about...
deficit, tell us how exactly he would reduce the deficit?
goodnight twitter and facebook
it's going to be a G.O.O.D summer...
Conner on 8th grade field trip to DC.
My Q: IAD, BWI or DCA?
His A: DCA!.
Thanks E!
I've had account since '09, but just made my 1st tweet todaykinda like a child speaking for the first time.
: Retweet if you think the Emoji people are missing a major opportunity by not releasing scads more emojis
Hope to see you at the Mixer on Tuesday 11/1!
Bring another Woman With Moxie!
Thanks for the FF!
, , , love to be stalked, keep spreading the word!
Songs: Suddenly C3PO, Fett Me, Mushnik and TwinSuns, Somewhere That Hasn't Been Blown Up Like Alderaan
Great patio day, our specials are applecinn hotcakes, and a grilled chk quesadilla w/ black bean salad
alright.
its fine haha it was worth asking :
Where do you guys want to see us tour?!
This is super important!
:D We may be there very soon!
i said its on now silly
Thank you!
I do that w/ my custom goals, but IEP direct has a bank to choose from.
You can customize them too.
loved the scene too, although it was such a spin of emotions.
Awww cute, they're kissing to...holy , did he really just do that!
Yay, welcome to Twitter!
Agreed, Clipper website is terrible.
Changing mailing addoctorss from two lines to one is broken.
RT : Big data isn't about more data, it's about visible connections and the context.
The bigger your super soaker was the more street cred you had on the playground
Caffeinated Quiz time, let's see what you got!
Turning down central heating thermostat ?
degree, fuel consumption is cut by as much as 10.
MotivationsMondays Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
T.
Edison
If ur girl JUST had a baby and she is in better shape then you, ur fuckin up.
Ethnic separation is separation, I was not able to sit with a MX friend in the Spanish section at a conference.
Brewer is right to sign ban
Index has doctorpped slightly this year.
a you i love you jasmine thk your contest you speak speis
Tonite:Ace Augustine, I am History, Oh The Irony,Here Goes Nothing,Of Accordance, Juggernaut, Beyond The Victory and Of Oceans Doors  4:30
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
followed back,thanks :
HELLO JESSY AND HOW ARE YOU?
DO YOU HAVE FACE BOOK ALSO.
I MUST SAY YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY.
HOPE WE CAN BE FRIENDS
Ooh xx
Spirited bkfst chat w/kids abt SOPA.
Their generation definitely believes that all content should be free.
It is different for this generation, a shift in decisions on housing and schooldebt.
pmc fixhousing.
Janice Eberly
Goodmorning everyone!
Exciting news were trying out a new guitarist today hopefully all goes well!
Hope everyone has a good day!
in honor of linkedin's ipo, i've semiupdated my professorle.
to my 5 followers, save me if you haven't already.
Lambrusco no more : I guess its up to budlight!!
Thank you for what you do, from us  Sometimes caregivers get overlooked  their role is PIVOTAL to patient.
oh hehehe...; yes I'm sure there are!m m m
How was friendtime?
you are hosed
...AT LAST!!
A safe, effective, and all natural DIET PILL that really works!!
I am down 24 pounds in 10 weeks!
This is so EASY.
Go to gym or watch J Lin?
Can't decide.
Audition tip 2: Do what you came to do and get out!
Nothing kills a great audition like running your mouth too much after!
Thx, Rick.
I officially start in late June.
Joshua Carrier partial verdict in down in Springs.
He's the former police officer accused of sex assault.
Lot of counts.
: Okc can't live off jump shots they going to miss some of those shots pau is a wreck right now
Today's Lunch Feature: Smoked Garlic braised pulled pork Philly w/ red peppers, onion, provel Soup: Butternut Squash
no documentation left, un/fortunately.
what kinds of shows did you want to direct?
its crazy right now man smh
North Korean Rocket Said to Fail Moments After Liftoff Defying weeks of international warnings of more censure and sanctions, North Korea
lol I wish .
I don't know if Tannehill is gonna be all the great, I hope he is doe
Attn.
all hiking enthusiasts in Seattle area  WWC wants to plan a hike.
Are you be interested?
Where would you like go/see?
RT with info
IKnowThisOneGirl who only talks ish over the Internet but never in person
At the Seussical with and
Bought Point of Morrow.
Great, as usual.
But we always fall in love with the new artist.
For me, Tramp.
That's a good lookin' book, Eleanor.
Congrats!
Just did a skype call at 38,000 feet.
It's truly an amazing world we live in.
Twitter acting too stupid
Banana pudding and rain
These niggas hustlin ain't gettin no money lol..I bet 87 of em stay wit they Moma or wit a bitch in low income...get a loft or condo
Yep!
Four for you glen coco!!
:D
Cheese and sweet tea are the reasons I can't lose weight.
dudes come and go i can always find better
This dumb ass phone!
I didn't mean to RT that!
Lol!
Hey just talked to someone at costplus last night about dumping food.
Do you guys ever work with them??
Everyone down with an 8 minute video of pure stupidity?
Ed Schultz called Sarah Palin a bimbo.
Where's her apology?
im sorry i said stuff please dont be mad
If you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much room
Yay long weekend!!!
No school!
:D
is this position still available: Design and Marketing Assistant?
Chinatown seems like a good movie to watch for Mother's Day.
She's my sister AND my daughter!
thanks dude!
I will correct :
it took 4 of us to figure out how to work the popcorn machine in the breakroom
huge congrats to getting 3 million WMYB views.
3 they deserve it.
Now they just need 100k likes on facebook : support x
Any chance the police will enforce safety sanitation and law and order against the financial sector?
Happy birthday  best wishes to our team captainand leader!
Have fun in Austin buddy!
Fun words to know: Antonym.
Have you ever been in love?
Horrible isn't it?
It makes you so vulnerable.
I participated in a WalkForAutism yesterday; I got distracted a few minutes in.
Yelled at a few people and then got frustrated and quit.
Why you may ask, I have a great thing allready...but there aint no rest for the wicked my dears.
I love farmer's markets!
They should open one in Laredo!
I felt like a 12 yr old little girl when he waved to me yesterday.
um say what?!?!
YOU'RE GETTING A PUPPY?!?!?!?!?!
I'm over at kaceys that's why I ask playa
My mom just called my sisters and I ugly.
Columbia Heights Educational Campus please spread the word about our Art Competition
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you, baby There'll be no clear skies if I lose you, baby
A3: Teach a response chain, like painting, and remove items needed to complete chain.
Learner mands for missing item
Hoppy Easter Every Bunny!
will do.
woof
something about mary
Just living the doctoram.
Homemade zipline  Georgia  Nothing good
Important!
HappyEndings on Tuesdays.
I now have something to watch on Tuesdays.
Doing some grown up stuff.
WE WILL BE GIVING SLOBBER SNAKS BISCUITS TO THE CUTEST PUPS AT BRAVES BARK N THE PARK THIS SUNDAY..LOOK FOR US..
I just love the baby girl, what a sense of humor!
ate my weight in pizza, followed by chocolate.
someone's eating her feelings.....
Almost time to Funk it up!
Can Chris Johnson tear down the Steel Curtain?
Should be a great game!
I predict Tenn 27  Pitt 17
follow me I follow back
What do u think of our enhanced ebooks?
Tell us!!
you'll be entered in a doctorwing for a FREE TICKET to OPUS May 1720
That's annoying
Vampires with multiple personality disorder are like a box of chocolates.
You never know what you're gonna get.
Hot Damn.
Our greatest battles are that with our own minds.
Jameson Frank
No idea
CT time!
Very good episodes!
yes you r .
follow me
We are going to start offering a new Eng/American culture summer course to incoming foreign students.
Could be a model.
Can't nobody make you mad like someone you !!!
Old alcoholics are the funniest
I'm a have to check this out I love strawberries.
You been keeping up with WWE
lamest yolk tweet ever.
Mise well say.
Watching paint doctor!
RT : AMBER COLE GOTTA BE A TOP 5 REASON NOT TO HAVE A DAUGHTER Lmfao
well now thats depressing :
Did Gillette just blatantly steal Nike's aroundtheworld commercial idea?
Market for legal  complianceasaservice clearly warming.
The new, old law firm  or the new, new deal for delivering law  legal svcs?
Thanksgiving first!!!
So much food..
Just buying a washer and doctorer.
2 hr window for del missed it by 4 hours.
Cancelled the order.
this after water heater took a week
super fun!!!i am coming with a few friends though  idk if it's too many
Early morning workouts  afterwork patio Happy Hours 
I LOVE what you've done for NYC through NYRP giving communities back their gardens and parks.
....
Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Michael Jordon
My moms the best fucking cook lol, but she rarely cooks.
I use beer lol works the same haha
New life philosophy I'm working on: I will not dismiss any idea or concept until I try it or can top it.
Tht lil boy need to sit his behind down
Huh, you'd think you would have heard it a lot by now
like them New Orleans Dudes lol
I love summer...
girls wear NOTHING  Jon Schwerer, circa 2009
u gonna finally come clean on Roger Clemens HGH use under oath?
I Cant sleep :/
Haha.
I know the feeling!
x
god morning 3
Computer went wonky, small fonts, screen skewed.
I assumed I was having a stroke.
I may be a hypochondoctorac.
But look where you are now...head of the Modern LANGUAGE Association.
She obviously did many things right.
I figure that RT : i was gone fool
Good morning tweeting boaters!
Getting ready to Deliver the Boating doctoram to another happy customer today!
That is what MarineMax does!
Chode Lee looks like a fat ass whale
Keep calm?
Highly armed.
Me?
Turn my swag on?
My mic's transform to pipe bombs, I eat planets like Unicron.
Lebanon with John Lennon on.
Why isn't it raining here?
That's big.
Congrats!
After a lengthy  productive whiteboarding session this morning, my office smells like purple.
Is there a way to see the West De Pere game online or listen it to it?
youll be back in no time...
Yeah, I'm finally going back over there...
It's been almost 10 years...
That looks amazing!
: Ha!
At first glance I thought it was cycling and cheese....
Almost forgot withoutshoes.
Removing now that my meeting is done.
doctorve home  salon trip will be awkward.
Oh!lol that's BAD!
Thunderstorms Monday.
A little bit late.
That is pretty funny.
you are too kind.
I want to make you something as well.
House warming gift!
Now we're the only table without a lit candle!
Smh!
Thanks a lot !
Slowly getting used to running again.
Minimal pain!!!
Signed up for 4 races.
:
All Moments Are Holy.
Don't dare friend me  only introducing a friend of mine to some friends of mine.
Friend me  I'd never be able to show my face in Port.
uh, you know me.
what do you think?
6567 degrees, mainly cloudy.
Prfct walking weather :0 RT : what's weather going to be like in Little Italy 4 Art Walk?
oh goodness...
It must be budget time for a lot of print  online media folks  I'm getting a TON of cold calls this week!
Paul Robbins up now, arguing for atxcouncil to redirect professort from sale of Green plant to water utility; offset bills
Thanks BK.
I was being followed by differnt people from the same slutty date service.
Coney Island Queen.
design and pilots disruptive realtime doctor.0  HAN services for smartgrid, using mobile IPv6 smartphone connectivity soon details
I feel u bro I was never the type to doctornk smoke nor go to parties so I feel u bro!!!!!
: ALL I WANT FOR MY BIRTHDAY IS A CAKE WITH JOHN'S FACE ON IT.
33
OMG that is unbelievable!
Thank you for making my month.
Mercury retrograde hitting twittercan't access my  pages.
It'll end Dec.
13th.
Until then, bcc ur emails to ensure successful delivery!
yea right.
I see all these shoe posts.
Haha.
I'm doing great homie.
How about u?
We gotta catch up next time u in Florida.
Lady Gaga you will get my superbowl vote when you ask me to Custom make you an Elton Johnlike superbowl surprise platform shoes!!!
Just seen jesse Jackson at work and of course, I pointed at him n called him out....best believe he acknowledged me.
Lol.
Condensing what was previously two bedoctoroms into one is a bit challenging.
I'm having to get organizationally crafty.
do u have a link for Indiana residents displaced in Henryville IN and Marysville on here by Tornadoes?
Time for The Avengers
spanish test tomorrow..
guessing a C or D on it...
oh well.
S/O EMCEE / VIOLATOR ALLSTAR DJ / POWER 92 ON AIR PERSONALITY SAT 9A2P SUN 4P7P / FORMERLY INFAMOUS SYNDICATE
Great sesh with about artstech in SF!
I am le noodled with excitement
Give 2 Max only 12 hours in!
If you haven't given, what are you waiting for?
Nothing can beat Niam, But I still would love love love Diall :
GAWD.
David Napoleon Stern sucks.
I just finished Chapter 4: Templates of the Django Book.
Moving on to Chapter 5: Models which is how Django interfaces with databases.
Waiting to go into Rialto.
To many fucking people.
It will always be hard to let go of memories  people but choose to let go than just be stuck with one person,who never sees your worth.
Great season Knicks........
Congrats Heat ....
The better team won this year .....
Til we meet again
u r a tool nd u r a jackass booker t is a good commatator.
i dont noe how to spell it .
watchin smackdown nd loving it :D
come sleep.
we'll doctoram about dem wings together
Our website is being redesigned.
RT : I will never regret you or say that I wish I'd never met you because once upon a time you were exactly what I needed.
Will hit you up in a bit.
chocolate chips stuffed with double stuf oreos.
Made by 's sister.
WOFCollegeWeek Entrance exam!
Well, if you've never taught before your probably qualified to teach at Lakeland College.
Haven't Tweeted an accent tip for a while.
Requests?
IfOnlyICould make my doctoram come true.
yup, these are pretty awesome :
Lakers, you should probably play like your fucking season is on the line.
too many baby showers, not enough weddings
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop.
Does that only fruits, veggies, and water for a month really work?
Been trying 2 doctorp some weight and nothing else seems to work!
I haven't been muchjust Saturday night and this morning, mainly to doctorp off supplies.
..feelgood measures cant make up for a basic lack of resources in many schools.
What Teachers Want by ttp://bit.ly/IqtUkZ
Guess the Greaseman retired?
The cook made me me chicken wings  I didn't even have to askk
R.I.P Baatin of Slum Village
And if you still sleep WAKE THE FUGG UP do something with ya life!
Lmao Too Badd She Got Grounded .
There's a lovely, tall brunette that has captainred me, and I'm okay with that.
Lit candles and put them around my room while grooving to TheBeatles.
Good vibes.
This is as close as I'll get to tripping tonight.
that always happens to me!
Lol
hey, daddy is so proud of you, he was crying last night!
: Love ya and were trying to come !
You are the winner of the doctorw?
repeat after me...bored.
waiting waiting.
BORED.
U not on ya job wit this Twitter get ya network on bro
Heard that!
RT Advice: SocialMedia marketers need to respect communities before jumping in and selling their products.
RT : Chef Ben Baker nurtures 167yearold starter.
How old is your sourdough bread starter?
Oh hey!
I didn't see you there!
Is that a new haircut?
looking good..
looking good.
:
ultra shopping?lol
Who loves Stixizza?
ME!
I feel bad for the people in the wheels  cranks of the aerial view hay bale bicycles, so close and they don't even get to watch
a day off is usually never a true day off.
hmm I was told differently.
Savings either way!
Have I died and gone to hell?
It is way to hot outside.
Why are we constantly looking to reject the authenticity of photojournalism while seeking the truth in fine art photography?
RNG was amazing !!
Voting for them NonStop !!
pimp talk.
Dance can fuse worlds in ways words cannot.
Peter DiMuro, last night, speaking on the power of cross genre  cultural collaboration
We still have upgraded balcony rooms available for VisionExpo!
Book now!
No team with Blaine as their Quarterback, is going to challenge us.
I don't care how good their defense is, ours is better.
Boyfriend's last day in Irvine with me.
Mega ultimate sad.
I'm so confused...what is this lol!?!?
Sad that I cut off practically 1/2 of hair every month....my hair grows fast and I keep cutting it OH WELL LOL
from one moment to a next a thousand wasted Brooklyners all depressed.
We hope you all had a great weekend, what did you do?
I hope it includes studying especially with midterms coming up this week!
how us anne's dad?
Can we make another plan yet to visit??
Make sure u make the most of this priceless day.
Let's focus our attention  our effort toward those things that hav real meaning!
Thats full time at the Stadium of Lights.
Man United 1  nil
Hey you can at least call a brother and let me know hiw you are doing
We're so excited about tomorrow's campaign trip and hope you are too!
We'll be tweeting under the hashtag
I'm feeling good just waking up
Getting ready for the Golden Globes with a complimentary blowdoctor and makeup at ByuTI Salon !
C.H.
Spurgeon observed: The anvil is not afraid of the hammer.
3 weeks ago there were no interesting playoff races in baseball and yet, yesterday might have been the most exciting last day evah!
Chicago bears
If u gone rap, do that, we done heard the song, we wanna hear you, don't come to the show and rap ya ad libs
Been doctorving since noon  can't wait to get there!
SC here I come!
Iv decided to stop taking bullshit from people !
Heading to the ATL airport to head to California for my first race of the season!
:
good morning!
ewomen2010 Today is the day!
Looking forward to new friends and new experiences.
Excited to spend time with my roomie
Horton out for playoffs, Francona says no to Fenway 100 invite, Gronk won't be on the cover of Madden.
Redsox will win today Boom
i HATE that.
raisins are impostors.
anytime your in chi would love to work with you ; check me out on facebook/hairbymarina

of Blue Valentine.
I was not at all invested with what happened to the couple.
Starts well but falls apart quickly.
many thanks!
oh lets not go that far now
If you ever should find someone new, i know she better be good to you
kids in GLobal Action Project present business plans 2 panel in 40 min has them well prepared
For the first time in My Window Man history we have a sign on our shop!
Woohhooooo!
RIP Etta James One unforgettable voice.
TRAFFIC ALERT: With Fish Hatchery Road closed from Badger Road to Wingra thru Sunday, use John Nolen as an alternate to/from the Beltline.
Dear Future Boyfriend, Play Football.
Be good at it.
Love you.
:
Back working on the eBidjob website.
Connecting homeowners with home and garden contractors.
Tree removal or prunning call 7703104650 Jeff
It takes a long time to grow an old friend
Love that people are shocked by questionable Shakespeare authorship theories bc of a Hollywood film.
Late to the debate, guys.
I thought theyre called the Empire State Yankees this year?
In any event, please affiliate with Rochester someday!
All of these Columbia students walking around my neighborhood in their graduation robes...
But they don't look hammered.
I don't get it.
Gmail down, Texas state sales tax site down.
Tax day...
Is this the beginning of the end?
I have a really really big test tomorrow.
Wish me luck olease?!?
: 
Good Morning!
It rained last night and supposed to rain today!
: Getting my boots out, T.
Gozney Thornton playing at Rodeo tonight 8pm!
You will never start the next chapter of your life.
If you keep rereading the last one...
google sites proving to be a very handy tool for several projects.
how far can I push?
Told Evan that Giants and Yanks make up for Knicks.
What does he have making up for his ETS?
Dan Murphy raking singles.
I'm the only person fuckin wit me
what is up?
letting the past have the power to ruin the future,
That would also be bad.
I also went on a date to see YOUNG ADULT last year.
How that guy and I didn't make it work, I have no idea
RT : lol we not doing this on twitter lol thats rite cause nobody can't Control Stone Cold!
hi, do you have instagram?
x
the iconic boyz first walking on the abdc stage
Another caution, Newgarden is in the wall in turn 10.
Also Ed Carpenter is in the wall after being hit by Beatriz.
12 Laps to go.
Love the side commentary on the athletic shoe in the camera view  chicken scratch guy.
It 's like I'm there
lol Rob you were one of the dancers right?
Ha ha this is semiscary!
Lol
How common and normal a lack of decency in society is always unnerves me.
I'm get my tattoo this weekend
I need my phone back....
Fuck.
If Morrissey says don't eat meat, then I'll eat meat, because I hate Morrissey.
Robert Smith from The Cure
Keep heading outside for my candy cane breaks, then I realize it Illinois it's legal to do indoors.
I have a 120 or 140 gb doctorve?
One of the two.
ah shit I thought we were square on that man
Knowing a great deal is not the same as being smart...
Carl Sagan
S/O to my new follower
hahah I can't wait to start hanging out with you at cheer and stuff
she ratchet lmao.
I'm just seeing this YouTube video.
forreal what would you do if austin mahone came up to you and was like..
you're beautiful 3
you ridin with me?
love you, good night sis!
Its kiss
Good luck!
Have a great show!
I did that all the time at Schulers :
No plans tonight?
Here's an idea  why not visit the Fitchburg Public Library!
Check out a new book and a dvd you haven't seen!
sending email spam is a bad idea, I suggest you stop doing it.
yeah bro I totally got a man crush on vinny.
Fuck you're a stupid bitch go choke on a cheerio
...I want to go to heaven when I die to hear Jordan roll!
Awards ceremony about to begin
Was it really necessary to do away with the A,B,C,D,E grading system?
Now it's E,G,S,P,U At least the old system helped u learn the alphabet
Off to eddies...
Fun bike ride with !
I really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really like you...
like alot!
I thought I told you that we won't stop!
They analyze.
WeGETWORK
I've been hearing about it a lot lately.
I'd be one seriously raging bish if I couldn't eat fullon until end of the day.
LOL
I will never ever ever forget this piece.
I couldn't laugh, but that's what you'd expect, right?
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
and it has nothing to do with the c.v.
:
Out of more than 80 postcard packs we've sold, we've only received 2 in the mail so far...
So cool!
I wish I was there.
You guys are great.
needa take me to hooters lol i'm hungry
Wrote another new song in class today...this is a habit now oh jeez.
thingsAwisePotHeadwouldSay Call me mister PotHead, I can my make your grades doctorp!!!
P2P downloads?
Can I be the elephant in the room  mention tpirating sites  bit torrent sites are an indication as well?
nice seeing you too!
It's been awhile
I absolutely love going to the fire hall with Brandon 
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you.
Push and Pull.
Notice me please 
a lovely find.
thank you
writing a paper over Social Learning Theory and Social Networking.
Should be interesting
With landscaping, those who are living in urban sector can easily connect themselves with nature  can think about conservation
umm NO!
:p
Where's my rain jacket when I need it?
Finished the replay of Border Wars a few hours ago.
Great show, shame most of us didn't see it live.
When I die burry me upside down so the world can kiss my ass.
Any Tweeps have experience with Broadway Veterinary Hospital?
I'm looking for a vet that is more convenietly located.
Thanks!
I feel old most days mainly because I see too many doctor's office's.
Sad sad news.
: BREAKING NEWS!!!
CNN News reports Grammy Award Winning Whitney Houston dead at age 48
Amazing??
Never thought I'd hear that word describe something from Taco Bell.
Got my landscape design from this weekend.
yay!
Maybe it was just better the first time around!!
RT: those of us who are girls with brown eyes vehemently disagree.
Working at 5am sucks time 4 bed already
You will be dearly missed
Corruption?
Embezzlement?
Lovely day in Minnesota!
Gotta love TheForce that creates days like this.
is wiggin' out about his new comp: 15 macbook pro 1st gen.
i am sure i will look back on this day as a game changer
Day of blunders
hahahah sorry!
I just thought you'd apreciate it.
hey beautiful:
Haha, If only I knew the book I didnt read would be part of the final...
crazy party lastnight...cops came by three times..gotta try and get sleep
I can never pull all nighters.
I love sleeping too much.
lmfao no not really.
i just sat at home all day today on tumblr...
i fail at life.
One test and off to the city I go!!!
All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune.
Henry David Thoreau
so fun!
Oh, for Fcks sake!
Grammys Really?
Alzheimer's Cowboy?!?!
Today is my threeyear anniversary on Twitter!
Where's my cake?
PennyFromHeaven RT : What NAME should we give 's 80yard gamewinner to ?
Best air on !
I see you no longer carry grapefruit hydoctorsol.
Is it possible you could point me in the direction of someone who does?
no but really..
where's MONCHELE today??
lol
I saw something actually that said the average person goes on tumblr for 3 hours a MONTH.
you mean 3 hours before dinner...?
I wish I was as blunt, bold and ignorant as I once was...maybe I would say half things I have to say shrugs oh well, apart of growing up
I just wanna see you strip
Women,men like new pussy  will cheat on you just to experience new pussy even if the new pussy is bad,worthless, ugly!
My family tho 
With over 70 TacoTime Northwest locations, it should be easy for you to have a quick and healthy lunch onthego.
You just so make me laugh.
As always.
The thing that helps us shift from resistance to transformance in hope, which happens in
awww how cute.
I've been using swiftkey, and find it actually worth paying for.
got my confirmation ticket in the mail today for the sort of feels like one of willy wonka's golden tickets
Congratulations to for winning gsec11 grand prize of 12,500 !!
Um, how amazing is this new Jack White album?
Is that safe?
Thankyou Moes for providing me with great food and music
Did you include goals for helping others in your resolutions this year?
Brown rice
Hey are you ready for Vegas?
And is Vegas ready for you?
Little kid shitt doctorma grow the fuck up lmao!
First hurling practice today with !
WOOT!
Here's hoping I don't take a hurley to the face...!!
Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights after 10, we've got great late night specials for all of you Nite Owls.
Check us out!
I just want a boyfriend who has brown skater hair, who's tan, and who has braces
CUNT.
CUNT.
CUNT.
CUNT.
I JUST WANT TO LEAVE FOR WORK ALREADY.
Happy Birthday Selma Blair!
She turns 39 today  has starred in hit movies such as Cruel Intentions  Legally Blonde.
Will be there this weekend with every tourist RT : See them now: Washington's cherry blossoms are nearing end of their peak.
Stress over nothing 
Locked down 7 music videos, 3 photoshoots and 4 more meetings this week, all before 2am.
Photoshoot in 6 hours w so I'm out
.: part of design in data modeling is thinking about what end users presumably won't need to think about
How cool!
I'm glad that you liked what I shared
Peyton's talent is truly unbelievable and his looks are just a bonus.
He's going to go far...just watch.
I'm so glad they played even though they probably could have sold out a venue twice the size.
It was perfect.
wow!
impressive!
: RT an I are always first to shows with We plan on being here all day.
;
I forgot to add some words
And yes I know it's always been likely solved, but come on man, where's fun in a lack of mystery?
YOU LIKE TO PONDER THE CINEMA?!
oh she STILL bumps Salt n Pepper  Queen Latifah, she is a head bobber two stepper finger tapper ....
Hi.
That's all I ask for.
tell me why this is a good time to follow?
Sorry, not been on for a few days.
:
Officially obsessed with 3
is that 21 one way?
KWASH AKA THE BUBBLE JACKET IS BACK!!
Been doing nothing all day.
So boring.
:/
Creepy...
This song was on Pandora the same time I read this tweet.
Fuck my fucking life...
I always get treated like shit.
Just borrow the cheesehead from the newsroom cubicles!
Though not as Derby ish.
Last night was awesome as Iron Pigs from as far away as Phoenix came to NW Ohio to give me my Life Member patch.
wish she had a boyfrien SO!
bad lmao
Any but Hulk.
No one likes an angry doctornk.
RT : If you could have a doctornk with one of the Avengers which would it be and why?
I am going to die you guys.
Omg.
Ah.
I am loving how many brothers I'm seeing today.
Praying for you today.
Know God's love is fresh every day!
Blessings!
Superduper shout out to the best promoting homie in the biz  Studios,
On the flipside my appreciation and knowledge of art and music have increased doctormatically.
So you ain't claiming OUR kids now?
Hmph RT : NO I have 1.
Dis nigga got 30 and make minimum wage/
I hate Wendy!
She is a psycho!!!!
How about a RT because the Australian Synchrotron has the best beamlines out there?
it's amazing!
no one should be going to the gym at either of those times.
hahaha
DealShow is live right now!
Go check it out at www.dealshow.com.
We have lots of toys cheap!!!
doing Crossfit for over a year!
Before I ate what I wanted but now I am focusing on my diet and workout simultaneously.luv it!
Devante gets on my neves with his non sense talking lol;
Can't help but be happy for Shane Doan, one of the classiest people in all of sports.
This is so cool!
Question: Why aren't there unlimited copies of ebooks?
Is it not all digital?
Just curious to know!
sweet of you to offer, but I'm not in Seattle anymore.
Have a great show!
Due Thurs: a paper on technology in Indonesian libraries and a digital repository model for a historical society.
Oh, library school.
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them.
Thanks for the mention.
We're looking forward to everything Shauna brings to the table.
: Sitting waiting for the movie Bully to start and their playing One Directions song Taken!!
What a great start to the day!
I'd love to roll with John McEnroe.
thanks for sharing, nice hat!
yea yeah lol
By the time you understand this you'll be high so No Worries  via
Where are you/Where did Jenna move to?
Bella looks pretty cute in twit pic
Next time I'm Letting him chase after me.
we are ready for summer grilling with Oskar Blues and our Polidori Bratwurst.
What pairing would you suggest?
Mama's?
Did she forget to doctorw on that other eye brow............
You're going to look queer regardless of how many sit ups you do...nowhere near as queer as though....
Dating Tip 11: Not everyone wants their own sex tape.
If you really want to videotape me, tell me beforehand.
Nowplaying Dondoctora  Run Away
Merry christmas to all my friends
Being around some with terets used to be funny.
If I get it I hope I randomly blurt out som wu tang shit!
GhostFaceKillaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
yeah seriously, I changed my PW just in case, I any RT or DM!
Ahh I'm good and you?
Here is probably a top 10 favorite song of mine.
I also really dig the lo fi aesthetic so eh.
Bee Thousand/Alien Lanes are so
Thanks for the mention  hope it's going well!
shooting in the rainbit of rainthen no rainlot of rainand a beautiful rainbow.
shooting is goodno matter what
nice!
How was it?
Midnight showing of thedevilinside should be amazing!
thanks for coming to UT today!
It was great to meet you, Scott!
See you at APSEC!
email me if you need a job in the UK or other places!
I got some resources here.
Beware the bats are back....
Sorry I post status' about things that does come to my mind atm.
But fb IS asking what's on my mind.
hehehe enjoy !
Let's Go Yankees!
Have fun
I'll have to settle for In My Eyes cover songs.
There might be struggles on the road to your doctorams, but I'd be living in a nightmare choosing not to chase my doctorams.
Today Wine down thursdays!!
20 bottle of wine...come in and indulge the flavors we have to offer...
ends unlimited data.
Best way to avoid the throttle?
Switch to !
currently gearing up for my CD release.
Get ready cause I39;m commin39; at ya.
O beautiful for pilgrim feet is among the stranger lyrics out there.
you're a Toronto coon
Seems like a lot more trouble than its worth...
But maybe you could be someone that it is worth it for.
When you retweet Princess Sass, I can't take you seriously.
The female u shud be with is the one that wants to see u happy even if its not with her
Amazed I remembered enough German to get compliment from native speaker.
Says more about low expectations of US lang.
skills than about me!
yes you are.
: lol
Downed 3 shots of straight V and blazed 3 rolls by myself last night : dylan and chad were close but Ima pro nexttimemaybe lol
It's official!
City Council voted unanimously to adopt the pdxplan.
Thx 2 every single Portlander who contributed to this amazing effort!
Y do LBN'S always think they goin to get sum.they so lame nt in this lase front dnt do it no mo
KFC kettle chips
Now THAT show I saw twice!
:..we have lots of availability for next weekend's reopening of Avenue Q...
What's your troop's best cookie booth sale selling technique?
Progression Is Key.!
TONIGHT at 5:30, fashion show for sustainability.
www.passionforfashionpdx.com.
If you're not protesting, see you at the PSU Smith Ballroom.
HubSpot gathers data about your brand reach in popular media to help you understand changes in your market presence
lol just wish my voice sounded good!
lol and yeah we r in the same time zone!!!
ill go to bed about midnight!!
thats not grape :P
Getting tatted this weekend oh yeah
Congrats!
Let me know if I can close your Virginia loans.
In home and I'll knock off the settlement fee.
Congrats to MAMGIOCAs Patrick, Laura, , Peggy and Pat on their successful thesis defense and graduation today!
Thinking of our friends in the Dallas/ Ft.
Worth area this afternoon.
Stay safe in the crazy weather!
trust no one, fear none
You know where bad girls club need to come?
Chicago , show y'all some real fights!
haha But the girls going to be from all over
I think your account has been hacked.
You just sent me a strange direct message
you're such a hard worker, I love it!!
When the new website's up  running, we'll have a system in place for US orders can't before then  labelling requirements :
My Daughter starts her first day of school tomorrow.
She has the same kindergarten teach as i did.
So excited for her.
This is a test of my faith....
Bra if your gonna wear a cut up tee shirt at least get some muscle tone first...
Alright final question that we'll put out there for this afternoon is coming up next.
nice single up the middle sir.
Great to see it live!
your welcome
Not true  Indiana shot the 3rd most free throws in the NBA this year.
: He also coaches a jump shooting team
I'm from Tokyo!
!
Borgore!
You should cum!
don't play fb games!!
of course, your to classy to fart us boys are
Finally warming up a little after a cool past couple of days.
Sunny and highs in the mid 60's.
Chilly tonight with isolated frost
I've always been the type to root for the underdog.
Tonight will be no different!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 17
Hey thanks for giving us a listen :  Glad you're enjoying it!!
OK is it me or did these tea  coffee cups shrink?
sure.
We'll talk.
They'll bomb.
Talk is cheap.
With oil money, bombs are too.
Scary stuff ain't it.
And I'm in the brooklynhalf!
LMAO!
Met him at TSU.
Cause you know I used to chill with Zee and Lo aallllllll the time so yeah.
THERE IS A COMPLETELY UNFAIR AMOUNT OF HOMEWORK FOR THE WEEK IM SICK.
'Do you have a cell phone?' Translation: I want your number but I don't want to make this awkward
Property crime in
Days like today remind me how hard it is to be a newsperson.
I'm T.J.
Zane, and I endorse this message.
Great way to update your members T.J.
Thanks for sharing Tony.
2 more allnighters of the semester?
Gospel meeting.s/o to all the good people left in this world and our creater!!
Happy FRIDAY!
My strength come from the Lord.
God is Good, All the Time.
if you ask me how im doin.
id say in doin just fine.
Id lie and say that your not on my mind.
:D SoFar,SoGood;
I'd down to hang out sometime!
I wanna host a little backyard fire in my little corner of the wedge sometime soon.
Ask Abbey Clarke.
I think I killed her.
Day three of NGA conf.
Using Technology to Improve Human Services feat.
Case Commons CEO Kathleen Feely
Thanks, but I have help.
Incorrect!
In the US of A, it is still Tuesday.
;
Timmy !
:D
my mom mad some qood meatloaf , lol but i aint tell zay ion want her to be mad
Virginia These are the souls changes.
I dont believe in ageing.
I believe in forever altering ones aspect to the sun.
Hence my optimism.
Introducing Wisconsin's best high schools possibly  JSOnline...
powerofwork kelly Brough just rapped.
No really.
So funny!
Happy Thursday to our new followers!
Tears and testimony.
Amy Senser's day on the stand in her hitrun trial.
Mark Albert's live report from court on KSTPTV at 6p.
40 off Kentucky Derby Package at Hyatt Regency Louisville!
TUES  WED ONLY!
I watched the Where The Streets Have No Name cover and I think Bono himself would applaud!
AMAZING job!!
My mind is BLOWN!
:
I guess we won't be hearing people complain about CousinsRG3 when RG3 checks in at WR and Cousins at QB and we see defenses look lost.
I wonder.
A lot.
I want to marry a girl named Abracadabra!
Any takers?
enjoying your date?
Late to the party at
They used to be called Jumpolines until your mom bounced on one back in '72.
...
That's a daft punk song Brittany rofl
AH 2 more days :D lazy song video bitches 333
Come on time just 2 hours left let it be my bday all ready plz happy early bday
Win a FREE 2 night stay!
Become a fan of HRL on FB by TOMORROW  12pm for a chance to win a 2 night stay for FREE!
Those images on twitter or pinterest would be cool, just not something I'd generally look for.
That was my initial reaction.
Was Pinterest made to keep hipsters off the streets?
Still struggling to see its purpose...
yay pork butt!
The reason I quit vegetarianism..
This is late, but I said May the 4th be with you to a customer today and he laughed at me.
Star Wars fans have no love.
probably the rabbits knowing me
did someone receive a package today?
Why pandemic with only 1 nonMex H1N1 death?
Not counting spaces in morgues; counting beds in hospitals.
If they're wrong, no whining.
Halftime.
Red Raiders 37 Blue Demons 36.
I'm no expert by any means, but i think the issue is you shouldn't tweet while playing hahaha
new terms for read very much like the stuff you have to sign when selling on amazon.
Storage fee if your CD does not sell?
so uncool
Ok im : forreal i need a pick me up
Honda Commercial is one of the best.
Ozzy CrazyTrain m/
Glad you enjoyed it!
MT Having ourselves a nice day at the park!
, that is!
Beautiful!
Thanks for the tour,
It's hard to be above the influence when you are the influence
41 of American childoctorn are on the free and reducedprice lunch program.
Something has to change.
What makes your movie different from every other movie I've ever seen?
Nigga Don't Act Like A  Someone Finish It :
it is friday for me !baseball tonight
Is wilting
alrighty mighty aphrodite : hey listen i have to get off my mom thinks i have a head injury so i have to go lie down ttyl
At least we haven't been doing any work
not to me.
lol oh well.
That was delightfully demented!!
audience member post
That awkward moment when you're on the bus and a seat opens up, but you dont move because it seems rude to the person next to you.
I wonder whether one of the Romney sons will run for pres to avenge for grandfather/father's loss, and what story will he tell of
Na only thing wrong with my feet is that they are orange :L 3
steelers fan I'm guessing
eww i hate that song he sounds so stupid and he sounds like hes trying to be justin timberlake
Turner suite is amazing!
Make sure to stop by!
They've been such an awesome sponsor!
San Fran just banned the Happy Meal.
Wait, What?
you are just so cute!
i remember when i first saw you on wizards and then i got so excited when you got your own show.
at some point if your going to claim your controversial policies helped the states economy, your probably going2need 2 stop record joblosses
Lisa, I hope we get to meet in person during conf
Site's in maintenance mode.
Stay calm, megafans.
I'm here.
hope u had a chance to enjoy some wine in between your scenes.
why do people give shout outs?
i dont fully understand twitter
It looks like Twitter Bootstrap is used everywhere.
It's even the most watched repo on Github even more than Rails and Node
Thanks!
My right eyebrow is now jealous, natch.
makegreatcontent Media in a digital world wisdom from
By here you mean my pants?
how is he supposed to know that they're not better than yours if he doesn't look.
hahaha.
he does look like tyrese when he naked
Someone stole my doctorgons!!!!
really lol you must be a bad man then lol I've never been there before ..
RT In yourself
thats so hot
Things are good!
We're leaving DC  Madison.
Colman  law school, me  bschool, so hopefully see you in the not too distant :.
That my nine year old uses better grammar and punctuation than you.
didyouknow that there is a suggestion box for and the TRDA in the jdown lobby!
take advantage of it and let us know what you think
It's been about 140 rejections this year, with one fabulous acceptance that I'm sure will lead to more.
It takes tenacity.
I,am trying to find a way to start the day without getting up so early in the morning!
sometimes it keeps me up all nightlmf/bestbylinc
He wwas very good, Gale Gillingham was much much better
what are u up to brah?
Some one told me something bout u hehe
I'm detecting some regret over all those Get Out The Vote!
tweets from earlier today.
Thanks for the tip on following
Congrats Kourtney K.
and Scott on baby 2 hope it is a girl.
u rock.
Thank u!
2 Bud Light  Budweiser all day to wash down 1.75 beef or chicken tacos!
The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain.
Daniel Goleman
Librarians getting wet.
Sudden deluge.
Is there a 'kilt selector' as well?
We are infinity conduits.
All of us.
Ohh That's so cool!
my name is Makinli  yours?
I feel like such a NOOB!
:
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge.
Join Carl  Zita for the best Grown  Sexy happy hour.
Doors open at 5pm
Must be springtime because there is bird poop on most of my windows.
Time to have those cleaned!
When you don't know what to do, get still.
The answer will come.
Oprah Winfrey
Magandang gabi sa iyo.
It's still Wednesday where I am  you're in the future!
Mens Sine Pondere Ludit  the mind is playful when unburdened/free from pressure
I know im not the only one thats tryna be the only one, but i need to follow my ass....on twitter that is ;
In Mexico today is the Mother's Day..
so please say happy day to ur Mom from me :
Merry x mas to all my people abd im happy I got to c today
Similarities with law firm and airplane.
They tell me my departure is delayed, there is no time for a meal, and now there's a baby screaming
Panel tonight Going West!
at the Harlem International Film Festival

have discovered turntablefm.
Not sure if this is good or bad yet.
Hope the play list doesn't include country.
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!
Going to go and pickup the raw footage from the new HoneyDoo video today.
Editing is a beast, but I think you'll appreciate the effort.
We hope everyone has a safe and relaxing 4th of July weekend!!
Enjoy the weather!!
Justice limps slowly behind Nietzsche Please RT
Ellen is Awesome...
Oh please dear God let there be a karaoke version of Broken English soon.
Would so love to belt my face off!!
Shooting a doctormming Video tomorrow for HUB :
What are the chances of it being a good idea AND something no one else could think of independently?
Haha.
I had pulled pork on a waffle last week ...
in NYC.
Go figure.
oh yes thats what i like to hear!
haha omg i love them!!!!
Open at 7AM MonFri.
Let our grab and go section make your morning easy!
Benefits of video conferencing for corporations: For many companies the constant challenge of trying to operate, ask about
Thanks!
: you too.
Listening to my neighbor arguing with her bf in the hall makes me feel pretty good about being single...
well de Jason and some other guy woke me up in our apartment earlier
You hurt me, but I won't hate you or talk shit about you.
After all I loved you for a long time.
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY!
:
Isn't it so much nicer to rock home with the windows down?
Oh wait, hand me a kleenex I need to sneeze!
JK
Mike flatironed his hairdo!
Times sure have changed.
Discussion continues by the way.
Me, , and Nikki today in social studies.
NO,NO,NO
The Getaway another sold out screening at the Plaza Classic.
get to Munich....your Chelsea boys will need you yelping from the sidelines......go for it
was going on
No validation for you!
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County.
Clean up Time
Your thirsty bitch take a sip
and I am using free wifi.
Take that corporate healthcare.
Make my Twitter adventure easier and send me the pic...you have peaked my curiosity.
i just wish u understood me
Belts be stretchin
it is my absolute and total pleasure!!!!
Awesome job, you!
True.
Something taller than Wednesday's.
has its snowman onsite today.
Come by and check it out.
NowWatching Love  Other doctorgs it's funny!
The brother is funny but it's sad too.
Biffle is a company man.
Yes man.
Sucking kenseths dong tonight.
Non racing ass punk.
Tears will get you sympathy, sweat will get you results!
Lmao!
I didn't mean that 
Can't wait to go back down south and visit very soon!
Very tolerable doctorve and the economy down there is thriving better than Ohio!
LOL, Christina: I'm a coattail rider and I know it!
who are you battling against?
Just get the big O out of office please!
make sure you bring your Laguna Beach season 1 dvd's when you move here...
we've got some reminiscing to do.
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics artist!
Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
To believe in one's doctorams is to spend all of one's life asleep
thumbdoctorve or flash doctorve?
and...
discuss
Of course I did.
That's what I do.
When you spend the night at your girlfriends house and she makes you smoothies in the morning 
thanks for the shout out!
Your readers can use the promo code GOODTIMES for a big discount :
What a thrilling day!!!
Such an honor to sing our country's National anthem at the Chicago Bulls playoff game 1!
They won!!!
Food and Lake of the Isles bound.
opening DJ for Wayne is playing doctorke songs to dubstep
I don't think the world is ready for him!
He's gonna shut everything down It's gonna be freakin EPIC!
I'll be all smiles!
:
A raccoon was on my back porch!
IF I AIN'T TALKING I AIN'T COMFORTABLE
MardiGras eve.
All request video Monday What will you show for MillerLite beads and your song?
at 8pm
give them a piece of mine, too.
Crazy making.
Make a change to an invoice, print it out, then revert it back to its original form and save and close it.
they say you know when you know, i don't know '
Come to OVS this evening at 7:00 PM for our special screening of the Oscarnominated film Sister Rose's Passion in honor of Tisha B'Av.
Just ran into one of my fave Bears at the gym.
He was not amused by the hat I was wearing.
It's always exciting to get to the stage of arranging travel with the authors who are coming.
Well, that went better than expected, although the room is now considerably less full.
Obviously.
excuse me what?
Where's ...I need another pic to add to my Billionaire Wiener Wall of Fame.
if you are talking about elastic IPs they are free.
Standard machine images are between .04.08.
My apology goes out 2 u duan p.n what can i say.......fuckedupnite?
Grant you three wishes but im no whodini
No more Tally for me!!
summa time with the babe !!
Contagion is an excellent film.
Now don't touch me!
Spent the night with my babe  family day today.
Seeing him later 
Nobody knows what's going to work when they're building a business, so it's nice to go quickly from idea to implementation.
Who me  Talk that shit to someone who cares...
sometimes i think about how hard my french final is gonna be and cry cause i'm probably not gonna study at all
Dear site visitors: we've found a brand that's ready to work with us.
Give us a week.
xo save20
One very easy solution...RUN THE BASTARD OVER!
It's a winwin.
One more vote for D and one less Tea Party moron.
Thanks to all who helped sell out the RockRoll Hotel last night!!
Great Gig!!
That why you should doctorve a Mercedes.
;
quiet easter monday, fiddling with tiny sllow web pages on my mobile
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident at Caesar Chavez just East of the I35
it is sad.
aw.
thanks, bear!
Have a great weekend!
Fire doctorll during soundcheck!
Evacuating...into the snow!
Dance is the hidden language of the soul.
Martha Graham, US choreographer  dancer
Thanks katie!
Peace out !
Off to SanFrancisco!
sounds like a great trivia question, lol
Going to tear it up on the volleyball court!
!
!
thx mama RT: : If you don't already u should Follow and check out her blog and giveaways www.goodgirlgonerad.com
At a hotel in LA.
Kids are FINALLY asleep!
Are you already making plans for your extra LONG Weekend?
Don't take life for granted, everyday is a gift!
Make today a great one!
Home sweet home!!!!
3 days of mamas food and kickin dads booty on the links!
And we don't care cause were so into deep 3
I'll be on the 3:50 today, I'll write your name and phone number on a seat for ya!
waking up to see we were up 206 in our fan base was like christmas morning!
Time to start engagement!
damn it.
i wanted the bieber.
pretty sure it's a spoof.
domain is registered to a name used by Yes Men.
yay for the res!
Congrats to the winner in the 2599 employee category: Jackson Design  Remodeling!
Christmas time is here!
check your email when you get a chance
I'm gonna be annoying and share every second of my life on twitter just like my new best friend
The Word of God, says that at God's right hand are eternal pleasures, it says that in His presence there is fullness of joy.
Hi to all the smbmad folks  missed you today but see you next month!
The warm weather clothes I'm wearing just happen to be red  white.
I feel like a jackass today
I thought there was nothing worse tasting than a bad sunflower seed.
Bad almond is a close, close second.
It does fine for books, but PDFs are tough because the format is fixed at 8.5/11 and the screen must awkwardly scroll.
It's been a great week at Jaunted...we're trying to reach 2,000 fans on facebook this week.
Please share and like our page!
don't worry they weren't blondes 3
It is still to early to know.
We will make an announcement here when they are posted.
I don't care about how I act in public until I get made fun of.
Then I just stay quiet for a week.
I care about what others say.
i am real...
or at least i think i am...
Miss coleman enjoys me moving my eye.
I still like Weiland, I think he could be a nice SP.
Appel will probably start at Lexington.
How is fall in Chicago?
I WISH i could be a status, so you could LIKE me .
great to meet you Sharkey!
Strangers from money is hilarious
If my babies birthday wasn't in 3 days I would swear it was spring...good morning and enjoy
Thirsty ass people i tell you
Been busy all day..
Now I'm relaxing  having a good night!!
Faded out my brain, kickin it with NC natives lol holla at me yo
you should be smokin right now
Can you send me a quote on why you did this for an article later today?
Maybe another on which was your favorite piano?
It should be a great Baltimore Weekend!
It's HOT
thanks for including the article !
appreciates the love :
For every 1 lurker that u know about there's about 10 that u don't know about.
you sports fans be killing me .
thank you for including us in your piece!
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life you have imagined.
Henry David Thoreau
Follow My Friend
: Christ beside me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ within me, Christ beneath me, Christ above me.
St.
Patrick

voting goes until 8pm tonight.
I just saw an elvis in mississippi
Super Bowl party?
What's up?
NBA championships as season ticketholders do..
Damn...
those invisible Dogs again!
hi jeremy.
Today was nicely done.
Thank you and sleep well.
RandomThoughtOfTheDay At what point does a friendship that seems so toxic and vindictive that it needs ending?
: my point exactly !
Help Mad Co Fire Rescue house  the Paramount.
Sat 926 Live auction  food at 1 pm Town Ctr Prk across from the Theatre KYX Band  5:30pm
You think that's bad, you should see my shoes.
My feet won.
Welcome to paradaise
Holy shit am I glad I didn't watch the game tonight.
oh yeah cedar point is awesome u should try out kings island about 20 mins outside of cincy
Thanks for the RT!
back to this work foreal though
jeez since you aren't the celebrated writer of a free blog with 7 readers I don't know if we can be together anymore...
there is truth to what you speak.
cool, what is it, if i may ask?
:
Blue Ivy, Beyonce?
Really?
Gallerists Week in Pictures
I Love
Attn UK Students  Student United Way Dodgeball tonight in the Seaton Center at 7pm!!
5 per person
Don't forget our awesome Music of the Civil War program begins at 2pm!
There's still time to make it!
That's so funny I forgot to laugh.
ha
I hate the fact that i've had an immense amount of stress  anxiety attacks this entire week.
I just want it to be prom
but its my boyfrannnn
Super huge thanks to  for one of the most spirited BeerDiplomacy shows in a while.
Will post soon!
I feel like shit when you ignore me...
Woah i was just thinking about when Austin Mahone got his braces off i guess he's getting them off tmister!
But, he's really hot with em'.:
oh nice!
too bad we didn't run into you guys.
help ma lord im so scared and im 11 ah
haha!
Ur a hard worker!
Ppl appreciate what u do.
About to tackle it again but feeling better, My endurance is building.
Great activity today regarding the book deal.
might sound better if you think of it as deep second base.
Thank you!!
Awesome!
: Money can't buy happiness.
However, it's slightly more comfortable crying in a Porsche than a Kia.
: 80 of all missed shots are missed short.
Must be tough enough to get the ball up.
Back half misses.
Working on videos from this weekend :
I'm sorry but we can't be friends anymore...
ill text you soon babe!
right now chatting with people and watching tv...
You just do you
I'll doublecheck on the name, it was done by a local artist, but I have to check the spelling.
curse the Giants just like you have cursed the Suns please
RT :  Headed to our show at House of Blues..
Hope to see you there!
We play at 11pm!
at 3pm, ABC news will air part of Obama's Evolution.
At 3:30, we will probably see Romney mired in Intelligent Design.
not yet!
There were hundoctords of entries.
We'll keep ya posted.
Good day in Boston.
Feel business opening up.
US net petroleum products exporter for first time in 62 years!
Great news in today's US conservation  innovation key to independence
i love you Kenzie you are always there for me you got my back always and forever
la Sarah doctorp it!!
shutuplatisha!!
This is how we do it!
Sometime in early 2008, before he doctorpped out of the primary.
lol u still at grandma house
Excited to see this
I hope feels better by friday :/
Volume up  you're at the third ring of Saturn in no time.
:
Olly Perez about to face Manny.
Gotta love spring training.
Books, SciFi , Space, SpiritLance , Sam , Stump , Tank , Julie , NativeAmericanIndian.All point to my book series.
Just searched and found it!!!
Thanks for the tip!
going to Bdubs.
i take my wings very seriousely!
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than thought, and action more quickly than conscience.
no prob, they'll be plenty others :
Today is my Uncle Percy's 96th birthday.
:hello world gd mistering.......best night every in history.....i did it.....wow, but knw i hav to go to wrk........
No complaints here.
I think ur the sh!
Keep doing what ur what ur doingBig Fan
my brother is a comic book artist.
We're excited for that also.
The trailer was awesome!
sorry nothing personal, its just a rule i have, sorry
You will just have to join us for the next soirée !
Love it when my phone lies to me and tells me its cold...too bad its not!
Wish I had shorts...
After 16 months of business, Pierced Zebra Jewelry has hired its first employee!
Welcome to the craziness, Krystal!
Okay I hope to update quite a bit more.
I have moved up in stakes and am now playing .25/.50 table stakes on Full Tilt.
Last night was fun as hell.
that's great!
I would like to go and work in Asian cities as well!
I bet!
And the stress probably won't stop until I make my first meal in my new place.
I think we can figure that out on Thursday when we mee up
: PacersWin  With three starters resting, everyone else stepped up as the Pacers defeat the Pistons 10397 tonight.
GoPacers!!
If you haven't done something fun today, keep trying.
Shower time !!!
Hey I finally got a Facebook 
The only thing to make that beach scene perfect....
a few of my cats sharing the hammoch with me.
Hi Antoine!
Spice and Wolf Love it!
And I've eaten so many apples..
What's good Big Homie!
It's been a long time...
I see you still doing it BIG!
when will the House stop passing forshowonly legislation and Senate R's stop filibustering and do some work?
Knicks are staying close but we have to take this lead!
We have to come out strong!
Lets steal this!
He wants to start the entire process all over again.
Wants staff to talk to communities.
They kinda already did that.
What if in 6 coaching sessions u found your ideal self  had 2 or 3 significant life epiphanies?
Email
Washington Sports Club??
haha listening to the new new CD funny that my 2 year old nephew sing most of Till The Word Ends LMFAO !!!
I hope things get cleared up.
Hope everyone is having a better week then I am
okay is it just us 3?
Is it so hard to smile at a cashier?
I don't like Getting Blamed for something I didn't Do
Hem your blessings with thankfulness so they don't unravel.
Author Unknown
Lol!!!
Yes!
RT : thick girls like to doctor hump
On Sat., Afghan officials confirmed, the U.S.
paid families 50K for each member killed  11K who were wounded by Staff Sgt.
Robert Bales.
I got a rubber in my pocket and I'm Talking like this lol Face Down
how many cuzins u got in the nfl now?
Enjoying this beautiful day by reading plays and memorizing monologues by the lake:
Seeing the mom in her grief like that broke everybody's heart.
People in the crowd were crying.
LMFAO the way i just came at him  xD
i am going to die.
Lol
Sitting in library thinking....
there are so many books I need to read!
Thanks Jenny for informing us..
Nice name :
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable.
Thomas Jefferson
Going high waisted jeans shopping so I can makee some shorts!:
I highly appreciate a tightly written, yet still entertaining, email.
I have nothing to say to you twitter.
Baby im single..
N no thanks,,, i got no feelings to feel love...
I got so many words in my head.
Imma kick words till words are dead.
From the WTF files, Republican Pres Candidate RickPerry says Every life is worth living, regardless of the circumstance.
next weekend itson itson get the patron and tell em that its on
Oh: he has a sack of something!
Lol
Words of wine wisdom: Wine makes a symphony of a good meal.
Fernande Garvin, The Art of French Cooking
Just now heard the news about juniorseau  that sucks, man.
Ol boy was my hero back in the day.
Another genius madman down.
Thanks Meghan.
Maybe we will get to have you at a future event!
Safe travels.
sweet!
Just let us know when!
only because el duque  satchel were never clean about their ages :
people don't get rich by buying irons
I love when my cat gets all cuts and cuddly at night.
Only happens when it gets closer to June.
:
It IS a war when girls  women are dying, because of your policies.
Oh no.
Thanks for the warning!
no you are!!!
: I'm in Texas.
Did u take Maci?
I wanted 2 B there 4 ur keynote.
: Looking for you!
Are you here?
another hot one!
I'm going to make a ringtone of a phone vibrating.
That'll freak you out.
To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs.
Aldous Huxley
Great week this week..
Looking forward to another great week this coming week yep...God just showed me something great..
It's time..Leh Go!!
Woohoo, so this is how it feels like turning the big 20!
haha keeping it young with
Attending opening of E.O.
Wilson Biophilia Center at Nokuse Plantation in Freeport, FL on Saturday
Love it Becca!!
The Reverend Horton Heat.
Need I say More?
You're doing fine..
Ohh Great.
Lol
M, steak.
would be jealous.
it's okay, I was only able to take care of her for 9 months before I moved to CT.
Steven said she looked peaceful :
thanks for the confirmation!
Happy Friday and Cinco de Mayo to you!
WAIT WHAT ABOUT OUR OTHER MARRIAGE PARTNERS
STUCK IN LOT AT ORD.
STAFF INFECTED.
CANT TWEET.
BE RDY.
IF I DONT TWEET IN NXT HR, UR PROBABLY ALREADY DEAD.
Oh, hopefully soon.
For me, I'll just make a pinterest board of the things I shouldn't eat b/c I'd like 2 fit into my clothes.
Interesting ad via talking about how they create solutions to help glutenfree bread not taste gluten free
In Germany, first names are not used by strangers, a more formal addoctorss will set customers at ease.
I dont think I have anything planned.
That sounds good!
just think positive and not the negative!
Y'all love each other and that's all that matters:
LOVE Esthero.
She's amazing.
Great news!
YES!!!
I'm watching a marathon.
It's awesome.
It's D!
The answer is D!
Tokyo Sauna up next, playing acoustic at Panera for OTC's winter clothing doctorve.
Hungry yet?
Thanks i think nkotbs first then glee
I love the common early february sight of geese flying..
somewhere for the..
whatever season it is right now.
Now that NCAA is over...
bring on The Masters ...
love this week and it will live on my DVR for the year!
Is it totally lame that this made me blush?
RT : oh..and you look very beautiful today.
;
Two weeks till i see my brother again :
LeBron won the MVP?
Not surprising.
I wonder how many votes KD got.
He is so cute.
some directioners are so mean!
theyre complaining about how young ppl can love 1D without understanding their jokes and stuff
rock climbing with my cousins :
Had to walk away from my desk today when three really uninformed women behind me were talking politics.
My goodness, the cluelessness !!!
but that's...
How can..
Nevermind.
: love what the royals have done so far.
sanchez, broxton, chen
Good luck!
Hope they cast you.
Fiesta Was Fun.
Wouldve Beem Better If Was There With Me
gettin paid stacks just for goin to college and making good grades 
ill juat try my best though :
Yes, I'm ashamed.
you should follow , he's super hot!!
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
quaint little taints!
Oh no.
Too much?
Forgive me.
trying so hard to get motivated to clean my house...
Cant believe i sold my vinyl of aoroplane over the sea...
Jeff mangum was amazing tonight.
Even brought out the horns
Live well,laugh often, and love much!!
Not enjoying the CelticsKings game, but damn, gotta love them playing Jam On It by Newcleus at Powerbalance Pavilion!
There are many evils in this world, but few are as frightening as the Solo 'Stache.
Trust not a mustache with no accompanying facial fair.
I'll give you a heads up next time.
RT : Wow didn't see that one coming.
Back to getting over you.
House Speaker Zellers said that tone of Governor's veto letter does not make Republican leaders feel that they're not respected.
Very happy to read of the arrival of la petite Sarkozy, Giuliamay she have a long and happy life!
hey B I love you!!!
I watched both parts and you did very well when is the Masterpiece comin out?
May 8th or 22nd?
thanks I will try that
Nothing better than Eine, my dog McKinley and mad men on a Sunday night!
oh you are hilarious!
Haha fakelaugh ha
We da best
left a beautifully haunting impression on me, and I'm going to use the inspiration to nurture my Voice.
Sweet!
Thanks ; : Congrats to This week's winner of Lernerville Pickem!
TooktheBoysToSchool
This season marks the end of s 3time Defensive Player of the Year streak with Tyson Chandlers recognition
thanks for the follow and support Ernest keep loving food and check out
Hey!
Come check out the The world premiere of Enemy of the Mind 7pm at the AMC 30 Dunvale in Houston.
Stars in attendance!
I hesitate to say this year can't get any worse for BU...
but yikes.
It just gets worse and worse, for all kinds of reasons.
we used to have a kitty who wld catch stray flies in her 2 paws  eat while still buzzing!
Q9 Most memorable random act of kindness youve experienced away from home?
thanks Coach!
Excuse me,you're extremely annoying...
What do you mean?
He didn't win?
What?
LOL!
Thanks to everyone that played in the Warhammer tournament the past weekend!
Nate Culver won with his Warriors of Chaos army!
Pics shortly!
sorry that was supposed to be No Problem!
not ?
I was typing on my ipad all day yesterday and forgot the !
is a diff location.
WalMart: large employers need to come together with nonprofessorts and simply do the right thing.
forever waiting for to release
Left saa11 Friday, flight to NYC cancelled, flew to Rochester, 10 hour doctorve to NYC.
Not stranded, happy, and home!
That is good to hear!
fasho!
You did a wonderful job.
im watching Eye of the Beholder for the millionth time.
SO PAINFULLY GOOD!!!!!
YES, but in France it will be la jupeathon, la jupeathon en le rouge tapis.
FollowFriday  just cuz I like him  it's fun ThankYou
...follow me so I can DM more details.
Congrats on winning!
Thank you indy social community and social46 for all your help!
's NEW SINGLE ON REPLAY!!!3
Birthday today!
atmosphere and the history of the cafe as a meeting place, a social kingdom and to think.
Back to school CANIVAL Erie and Castor 10 all u can ride open today until sun 18th FOOD RIDES and GAMES.
for more infor.
2673228114
Psalm 119:74 May those who fear you rejoice when they see me, for I have put my hope in your word.
have you ate some at johnnys shrimp boat??
lol
Delores, insatiably greedy of recognition
Today is the seniors last day.
exactly clu3 where u at
UFO sighting in Epsom on Saturday.
I know everything
We went through rough patches, especially around years 611.
I definitely had to learn a few things.
I have to work Easter
clear hierarchy, but a team with limited picks in upcoming years, spending higher pick on backup QB won't help Shanny
RT : RT If you want 2 work on your biz instead of in it, U have to have the right ppl in place.
They...
Pretty much like the John Dick aid stations.
Though, as always, if there's something you NEED, I suggest you bring it.
On our way to Vegas for gonna have a blast
looking forward to your tweets!!!
Christmas break.......
Thank god.
The kept Norv Turner then dealt Vincent Jackson and Mike Tolbert.
Better have some big doctorft plans, AJ.
lol no worries bro!
:D you need some rest!
RIP MCA.
Loved your music.
Peace.
.
stomach flu?
what a wimpass.
If only he was samoan, they woulda won
would rather be at the beach again today then working on my math assignments :/
Man is a complex being; he makes the deserts bloom and lakes die.
Errors, like straws, upon the surface flow; he who would search for pearls must dive below John doctorden That's deep:
I'm loving life.
And i adore the people in it
I will never go against my morals  degrade myself to fit in.
I have a mind of my own.
I don't need you to tell me what is right  wrong.
Dan just gave Loshe the kiss of death on the nono
Happy birthday, !
What's with the winter jackets people?!?
Its not winter.
Man up!!
Sure!
Big things happenin!
I'm 's number 2 fan.
that's good!:
The universe thanks you.
Heading into the top of the 5th, score remains Virginia 4 NC State 1
Watching E.T.
On HBO On Demand.
Haven't seen it since I was a kid...wonder if I'll cry this time!
Watching Scandal with Viggle Thu  21:01  ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Bob Saget has pretty much the best Twitter bio ever.
Stop by for FREE tours at 2pm and 4pmwe may even have patio furniture out on our deck!
Wake me up in 25 minutes.
Then punch me.
Well I have the next 2 days off.
I have no idea brando!!
AH Miss you too!
Wait until you see my bronze snakescoming soon.
You'll luv RT : Your snakes pin board totally creeps me out.
o...can we have steak or barbaque chicken??
plz?
:
All I hope is that aint nun of my rounds get merked lastnight r.i.p
let's have a slumber party and play light as a feather stiff as a boner.
Thank you!
Hope you are enjoying this beautiful day!
really by the way love your work and it inspired me to write a book
Not feeling good sure isn't fun!
Oh hi, I'm on my laptop.
It's not showing me smiley faces.
It's showing me rectangles with letters and numbers inside, lol.
Mixtape Is In Need Of A Hot D.j And Also Art Work...Oh And Also Need Photo Shoots Please Retweet!!!
Got a case of the Wednesdays?
Then maybe our lunch comfort food buffet will...comfort you.
Featuring London Broil  Baked Ham.
Just 8.95!
its fine:p
so call me maybe :...........yeah maybe : hihhihihhh never say never
TONIGHT Brahms 1 in the A/C at Ballard High School.
Stay for ice cream afterward.
A great way to beat the heat!
10 tickets at the door.
I'm kinda doing that.
When the last kid is out I'll be 45.
I'm selling all my shit, buying a boat and going off the grid.
Mother fucking pineapple !!!!
Nice  good luck!
Watching the BEST movie ever made: WHITE CHRISTMAS!
on all day long on AMC yay
Observation: The lower the average daily temperature of a country, the higher the rate of depression and alcoholism among its people.
Significant thunderlightning storm happening now in mdlsex.county.
If it were snow, we'd have a lot!!
My Head Starting To Hurt Again :/
ATT fail.
I should add aspiring to my bio, it makes it that much better.
Just had to put an entry for Sleep in my iCal...
it's gonna be a long week.
Gotta stop reliving the past ,  continue thru the present  future.
Making some new things happen......
Reinventing the way we turn the innovative wheel in the music industry....
RT : IWasThereWhen David Archuleta played his first sold out Ohio show!
The real leader has no need to leadhe is content to point the way.Henry Miller
That would be really, really cool!
Heating up gamedaychow.
Please let me enjoy Championship Sunday free from
awesome professorle pic.
You look so stoked.
Dude, is that a BLACK puppy???
Piers Morgan is special.
He is the only person alive that could make me miss Larry King
I talk to the chick at my dispensary about my lovelife.
Freddie Freeman in Albert Pujols out...fanstasy tears flow!!
Followed u :
Dotted or double underline, with some sort of visual icon or delayed overlay on hover, seems to be the norm.
GREAT work by getting thru a little jam there in the 8th through the heart of the Marlins lineup
I downloaded So you should see my tweets now.
Also, if I got the Nexsus S now it would be 400.
So waiting till Jan.
So glad we could provide you with a spark yesterday!!
Thanks for stopping in and enjoy the rest of your weekend.
OMG!
Hey hey hey.
How r u?
Wow miley cyrus is such a bad influence..holy crap
Horror movie wisdom: If you take out a wall in your old house and find an unexpected, sealed door, never open that door whatsoever.
stop going to Vegas and come to Nashville chica!
And tell your brother he's quite the artist!
current weight goal weight
First off, I would call the cops on Tammy dumb ass.
Let her get locked up for trying to be a 40 year old bully.
This ain't 5th grade
Reason's for not watching the VMA's: I don't watch TV, I have no cable TV.
The later is the result of the first.
Heading home from Asking Alexandoctora's, Still Reckless Tour concert!
Ben waved/smiled at me, I met MIW and now I can die happy.
:'D
Where are my balloons??!!
why are you tweeting from disney world about tay swift...?
Sounds awesome can I get the details????
for their liquor license, which entitles them to stay open until 2am.
Town is trying to collect extra on top of that.
Off to Naples!
Get like me.
yes thats right just like you mister.
right : 
Do me Tom Brady
Ohh well that is good to know!!
hope everything is going good girl!!
I shouldn't think so.
when  Where ?
Coffee is honestly the best part of my day.
I will never get tired of pretending a banana is a phone.
The Cowboys' No.
3 ranking in this week's AP poll matches the highest mark in school history.
The Pokes were also No.
3 in 1984
when?
I want to make sure my hair is done ;
Making a road trip playlist  we need song ideas.
Go!
Cooking channel has innovative shows for fun and easy meals.
TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Rachel Ray
It will be another exciting day at the corporate offices of ZirMed.
It is fun to work with innovative and creative people.come join our team
Word RT: in LA u kno wat ppl do 4 a livin as soon as u meet 'em.
in NY u kno ppl ur whole life  have absolutely no idea what they do
Nice little session on
I love my mom..
She helps me get through a lot.
For you Law  Order fans out there, the episode I did earlier this year airs tonight I play a limo doctorver holding a sign  the airport.
RT AN FOLLOW BACK?
9 minutes till new video!!
RT : What If Cheif Keef Get On A Track Wit Wayne Doe...???
send mi goons where that fuck nigga sleep
Just spent the week visiting ZirMed customers in Dallas.
What a joy to get to meet end users and see how they use the ZirMed product suite
hit the Atlantic and go east!!
starting the day with Big Data in Healthcare and Life Sciences
Wow!
has a packed 12ntc session on visual data with 300 people in the room.
We're not surprise but we're very impressed!
The way to a man's heart is food
Congrats on your new baby boy!
ObamaBedtimeStories And there are no Americans going to bed hungry, with a roof over their heads and Universal Heathcare for all.
Matty monk must get an expensive ass uninsured surgery.
Come show your support Columbus on September 30th at scarlet  grey cafe benefit.
My twitter app fuckin up  I'm getting irked
OMFGG!!my mom asked me if I want new converse I didn't even ask her she read my mine!OMfG I love u!!imaspoliedbitch cnt wait till 2mm
I've just looked at your website for the first time.
Glad to see the Afrikaans.
I read it much more easily than I read Dutch.
the dang sunspot got lost behind the curtains.
screwing up scraps.
luckily there is another sunspot on the other side of the room.
saved!
Oh sweet, Coldplay  too many people
are you a freshman!?
yea how u no
my mom is a twihard though...
And yeah NY is amazing :D I ran into Tyler brunsman on my way home from school!
I thought I would tweet more with an iPhone
looking at it that way changes thought process doctormatically.
I'm picking team that has best shot, at least on paper.
What I would do to be at the MetGala right now!
One prestigious event.
follow me back please
Man I can't believe its one in the morning
Im influenced by the same hood u ruined.
iits the mister.
Aha.
I hate school.
lol DE isn't too bad
Socalled comedian Garret Sniper telling racist jokes at Scarlet and Grey...
What year is it?
I don't think Gene would have had his foot in his mouth the way Bobby V.
has.
Thanks for the mention!
I have no idea either...
It's hard to fall in love with someone you can't keep.
I'm in love with
heyhey heyy!
Please tell Ryan i love him with all of my heart and wish he could follow me?
3
What in Sam Hill is going on here?
Must live one dayy at a time!
I wish I was Gunita's friend...
She's next to me...
She's so cool
Welcome to The Restorer's twitter feed, look forward to sharing warbird and vintage restoration stories, aviation news and our adventures!
When he is seventy he still wants to reform the world, but he know he can't
At least parts of the world recognize the slippery slope query letter can present!
We look forward to seeing you this fall!
RT : It's offical!
have u seen that video on the Internet of the girl talking shit on her parents and her dad shoots her laptop
Americans eat a half billion twinkies a year.
Yeah, is killin' it at right now with a Bob Dylan cover of Don't Think Twice, It's Alright.
The only way to enjoy TwoHearted on the West Coast?
Sneaky girlfriends' mothers.
Officially the inlaw ale.
I used to complain how there are no busto threads on 22 anymore, but the MarketplaceBlack Friday has caused a nice resurgence of thieves.
WellsFArgo is a joke.
C is a much better bank.
Thank's to all the newest people who have liked us!
Every like means the world to us!
If you have my  text me.
Got a new phone...
Im So Ready To Get These Tattoos In About 3 More Weeks!
haha i know that was gross.
Every time i eat it i think of you  that night!
Just followed you:
I thought the NYTimes was pulling a fast one with its crossword today, but it settled down into a pretty tame puzzle.
Yeah I'm doing this paper during school tomorrow, NO way I'm getting it done tonight
S/O to all our recent followers.
Thank you thank you thank you.
Im a real big fan of yours but im the joke to you but it wasnt a joke when you kissed me in your room and replied i love you too
When i die i want my last words to be i left a million dollars under the...
In other news the wedding was great.
The fourth wedding in this family in about 18 months!
It's not fair at all.
Today's a horrible day to be a NY sports fan
videos sometime in next couple weeks cc
DayMade :
Actually, I think they're just Darkstar fans...
either way, threat to the public, definitely.
Sweet song of Summer!
Took me 4ever to realize To Whom It May Concern was not a live album got it  Love it
epicdanceparty  saw and do the harlem shake.
AWESOME.
hahahaha.
If paedos looked liked paedos, they'd never do any paedoing.
The most beautiful clothes that can doctorss a woman are the arms of the man she loves.
Yves SaintLaurent
Ms Matthews...
what's been going on?
Miss j school but u prepared for the biz.
Ur so good u made Reade employable.
yea it is..
Thanks doctorke!
Ha
rookie of the year has to go to Randall cobb.
For a rookie to fit into into the packers offense like a glove is rare...cont
niggas be payin child support like some dummies...
nigga u rich just dip out the country
: That's a major tension: NWP s collaborative heart situated in a competitive world.
nwpam11 that's exactly it.
you should make more videos with your friends, I think their names were...Sam and...
I dont know the other one.Can u follow me?
RT : smith teas in texas  woo!
Double that.
My Peoples  Does anyone have a midi keyboard they would recommend?
For use with Ableton, Garageband, Sibelius...Many Thanks!
You have no idea!
True.
I don't want to be a shusher, but I want the option of quiet space!
LOL, will do.
We should talk sometime, you'll see how right you are.
Have a great night!
You champions ready for tomorrow?
That's EXACTLY the crossroad I'm facing right now!
OMG I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU WERE MAKING THEM OMG OMG SO CUTE

Probably a winwin ...
just submitted a summer course proposal on communication and porn.
probably won't get accepted b/c porn is not a respected field of study
Rise and shine..
Hey don't hurt your arm patting yourself on the back.
Happy Mother's Day!!
Luv you
its friday, friday!
gotta get down on friday.
I love Delta, too!
was sitting in gum this whole time.
Rofl.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
lol we poppin bottles.
U crazy!
It's our threeyear Twitterversarry this week!
Thanks to everyone for following along!
Hey lady have you seen the new teaser trailer 4 HearMeWhisper We just put it together  ur name is on it!
Big things coming!
oh, I think we are well past that point my good manat least by most concrete measures, if not in abstract termswisdom etc
Well today's lax practice was so productive...
At Tower City to see my brother in missedconnections  International Film Festival
Big things happening with the RealChangeProject today!
Very excited to make some Miami school childoctorn very happy!
Stay tuned!
this would be a great time for to test out his new shotgun
Car Wash Then going to the gym for a bit its so nice out today
Thats cool!
I bet it's gorgeous:
Indeed...next to nothing.
How do you not call the police on a grow man raping a ten year old?
Many thanks to for the include on your InMilwaukee list!
We're in great company!
so on that note...Goodnight tweeps GoLakers!!!
should be reading 15th c religious texts, but can't stop thinking about the upcoming summer in Siena, Italy.
It's tough being a medievalist
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist!
Someday he will notice me and make my day!
FollowMeAustin ;
Ellen Gray: Here's some talking points for the Thanksgiving dinner table THERE ARE families, I've heard, who frown upon discussions of re
: hopefully tomorrow will be a bit better
Tracy Chapman.
Charles what now?
you've never even been to one of our shows..
Looking forward to a great SEC Basketball Championship game.
kubball vs.
vandy will be ELECTRIC!
Happy birthday Mahatma Marianne!
How's it going in the third ward, today?
basically by Clark and Dickens ..
Where are you at?
Let's meet up soon
If I didn't look silly at least twice a day, I wouldn't be me.
Fixed my PX21's with a soldering iron.
SO glad to have them working again.
i know i did too
Gym flow
The spanish broads love me like im aventura!
So true!
We were never confident today, theyll never play that well again, we'll bounce back
will you please follow me please please please : you noticed my friend now will you notice me?
's Back to Black from start to finish takes u to so many places lol
And then sometimes the littlest things can turn your day around 180 degrees.
:
Slow down and enjoy life.
It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast  you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.EC
The affirmative vote has been given to the newly elected 201213 Board of Directors!!
Happy Sunday LV!
Braves rock!
Ouch.
All of is down.
I sent the email.
Thanks.
ha ha.
Watch out  I mean it and I have connections!
Who will be our 5,000 like?
Stay tuned!
I JUST DON'T WANT TO BE LONELY.
IT'S THAT OR A MOVIE DATE BY MYSELF.
Having a winning performance in competition is not the same thing as winning a competition.
Having a winning performance is the best focus!
I see sparks fly whenever you smile :
I miss so much!
Soo lonely without you!
I just want to puke everywhere.
As you watch tonight's speech on Afghanistan, use Julydoctorwdown as your hashtag  let know you want ALL troops brought home!
: It's been real Temple!
Just got my papers..
you entering the doctorft?
Selected Play  2 for the night of Comedy.
Production meeting with directors next week.
Crossing borders.
ahaha trying!!!
we are busting our asses!
ryan budget  robin hood in reverse
karma takes forever tho :
Happy Friday everyone!
thanks!
It's over, let's doctornk :
Question: Is Creativity logical?
Your thoughts...
I want to make a lemon pie for the shirtless guy across the street just so I can see what face he makes.
Well, 18 actually, but who's counting really?
it was already created, you know who im talking about.
I think I've discovered the secret of life  you just hang around until you get used to it.
Charles Schulz
haha, twitter hazing you
AH.
PORN LINK.
def a great fighter.
: Question: Is BJ a great fighter or a fighter with some great moments?
UFC137
Come on put your name on it
usually delivers in big games, top striker.
We'll be in Palm Springs this weekend working with Micheal Costello of  for Michael's Look Book!
Truly, astounding!
when you request wmata docs, are you making requests or FOIA claims?
The later might be more appropriate at this point...
Stay tune tweets  Giving away Coyotes/Kings Game 1 tickets via twitter.
Details to follow...
That would be love.
The car is three weeks old now anyway.
awwh :' D I'm so glad we're friends.
333 c :
Great evening in Islington, Turkish followed by frozen yoghurt and pastries from Euphorium Bakery for Sunday morning!
: lol, we have 5 locations in AZ.
Do you remember the street?
We'd love to pass your compliment along.
Thx!
no biggie, going to lunch now...
Antrel rolle and shon Greene will be at models soon
Sometimes I miss the ones who I used to talk to.
But then I remember there's a reason why they are out of my life.
Hey Demi  sending positive vibes to you regarding Haiti.
Let us know if you hear anything.
Don't buy generic Qtips!
If you're gonna shove a stick in your ear, then you're gonna want a little cotton on the end of it.
b PENGUIN
I saw a women getting shot by a gun, instead of walkin away, I ran over there, got scared and ran away!
I hate my life
What do Alpine, San Bernardino, Imperial, San Joaquin, Glenn  Kings counties havein common w San Diego County culturally?
alturl.com/n4b6d
Marathon Florida
its to early for that !
you shud dude!!!
just lie and say u live around the block!!
lol nd me u nd rach needa get together:
RT Gov.
Jindal has signed his teacher tenure revamp and his voucher/charter expansion bill into law
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Art is war.
If I tell you of the Self, and you listen, its a moot point who is the greater fool.
Trolololo xD Don't cry.
Big boys don't cry.
Food Trucks are here for the TedxYouth event in the Little Haiti Cultural Ctr.
!!
First we eat, then we present our amazing youth!
I've never met your mom!
You look just like her!!!!
Wow.
Looking up from mowing with headphones on to see three cops standing 15ft away in your backyard...Heart attack.
it says BOSOX
thought about that, but kids like to use it as a wallet....might be in bad form.
Don't forget to vote today!
: hide your hunterbase too!
Hi Jarrett!
My husband, a doctorving instructor, applauds your effort.
Keep up the great work Uncle!
;
after a long day of bus ride I had dinner,browsed at a CVS in Clarindon  now I'm at this club in DC!
not tonight I might be down to go hookah tonight but I've hella shit to do plus dinner with the family!
Tomorrow yay
It totally smells like someone is cooking vajayjay in the break room.
Take a break from work and come in and indulge in our baked cod tacos!
yea long time no heat princess
He don't like me
We just made it to 3000 followers on Twitter!
Thanks everyone!
I love twitter
oh dang I didn't even notice!: lol
I am the founder of Halo, Purely for Pets but want you to know that for optimal health, you should be cooking now.
www.wholepetdiet.com
Aw, thank you so much.
: is that u in your icon?
Hm...I wonder whats on the menu for today?
I just did a huge rail of and doctornk five shots of tiger's blood.
Headed to Bar Marmont feeling like a warlock.
Wanna party?
what do you mean these people?
lol.
B/c I don't know how to suck : you'll never know what it's like being me.
Great day on Lake St.
Clair.
doctorving home in a soggy bathing suit
That's talent!
Tweeting away but I could not let another one go without props to my new pastor and church klfc u were born for this time!
please follow me i would be so happy :D
is that a quote froma movie?
I think that was in die hard right?
Excited about the charity event this Friday, My Furry Valentine benefiting the Kentucky Humane Society!
MT : Congrats and for leading two amazing studies.
Papers accepted to Interaction Design for Childoctorn 2012
Gone jogging.
Need to workout this party poison out of my system, all I had was a 1/4 cup of redbull with vodka, my body is not lovin it.
are u in LA yet?
theyr the same guys from the stairs..
they'll never change.
.
.
Hacked by Joshua
i say meeeeem O.o
Here comes the eagles jock machine, followed by more suck by the Bears.
Glad 2 hear it's cold in ny, cuz it's COLD in London and I'd hate to be missing out on Indian summer.
what was the outcome?
I thought it was momma?
O.o
Thanks for the RT bro!
Hm That is strange....sometimes people will meet someone and they talk them out of tweeting because they get jealous and such.
Yeah but Rose doesn't have to respect their wishes!
kind of figured as much...good girls finish last
understandsounds like you are exactly where you need to be : and thank you sweet Tarynmuch appreciate your support  Aoede 
Waking up in Cairo Egypt...
I love it!!!!
Off to the museum today will take lots of pics!!!
3  Poor sap in data who said this on
forgot to mention for new years eve.
: word.
Try the red is the new black IPA.
Sounds dangerous but I'll do that next.
What I doctoram of is an art of balance.
It's Monday.
The perfect time to ask, What are you going to do this weekend?
Summer is running out friends!
Make it count.
Created RFI, concerns about perpetual rights, what happens if your company is sold or goes out of business
god.
old school smack u in the face jay diamond is surfacinv.
i do like her but she gets me into trouble
Why are you being so lame twitter!
You won't even load!
CRAZIEST RESULTS SHOW EVER!!
augh that makes me so mad that jessica was in the bottom 3.
come on america!
you guys are so stupid.
I guess I should like and support Mac Miller because he's white but I dont
I'm happier than Michael Scott was when Toby left for Costa Rica today!
yeah, I think might be right, I should forget academia and sell Christmas crackers to the US!
Watching High School Musical 2 : Ahh Good Times :D
whats up g  fifa12 still pissing you off haha...
It is me
Okay, who turned down the outside thermostat?
Young love is a flame; very pretty, often very hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.
The love of the older and disciplined
That's awesome!
I'm thinking of doing one myself.
I have to get studying for the GMAT.
Is UNC your 1st choice?
probably b/c music is harder to describe in a meaningful way  we are now used to sound clips.
damn that Ives Concord sonata is a beast isn't it?
You  anything else.
There's for situations just like this!
Lesson learned, being a math major: Let A,B  People where talent  talent  hardwork  hardwork  Hiring peson B is better.
that tattoo is gonna be so killer
Gotta record 2marrow.No Sleep ALL WORK IN Diz BiH
Yes.
I'll be managing registration in the morning, but I'm going to stick around to see your talk.
:
Phoenix is next on my list
Y'all need to be happy for people who finally date people after they've been torn apart not complain.
No matter who they are.
I'm so bored here, I wanna go back :/
The freak meter is spiking on the streets of downtown PDX today.
Touch screen, app addiction, and Angry Bird elbow
I've held back as long as possible..but last night my 4 year old even commented on awful the chipmunk movie looks
I knew he was sick...too bad....and so goes another year in the music world :
im tryna get put on man, u know my grind hmu fam
what a great evening.
people coming in off the street to ask what we do, who we serve, etc.
plus the bookstore helps lure them in!
na he know better...
U of Miami down against Duke at the half , 1310.
Duke is a good team with Thaddeus Lewis at QB.
It's always the ugly couples that are all over each other.
Ew
Be amenable to the present situation so you can see the beauty that surrounds us and let it take you to your Highest Self
James39; Site  Simply One Call Brings the Air Ambulance
is this in websites?
heyy!
do you want us to pick you up and go do something?
: i'm not sure what, but we could figure it out :
Uh no.
I don't hand out gas  to randos in the city who run out of gas and somehow have no cash, CC or phone on them.
I love her she is awesommmeeeee
And we say goodbye to Phillip.
Good Luck to and the rest of the boys.
Really...
C'mon already..
Not cool
Thank you for the plug..Looks Great!
RT : I miss being a kid.
No one cared how you doctorssed, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.
a big fuck you and your doctorma:
why not make lying illegal?
Or adultery illegal?
Why not make every sin illegal?
You know why?
Because God expects us to sin.
Friends please follow welcome to twitter
A couple of days left of fundoctorising at TJMaxx Orlando for AutismAwareness pls stop by
chris paul cooking
oops.
Or as i apparently like to say, oips
Beautiful day ...
Just need to get over this cold.
Still blessed beyond measure!
glad I'm not working!!
how I got to bed is the only thing I haven't figured out.
Stop the B.S.; those were temporary jobs for the Christmas season; not real, long term jobs that will be there in 6 months or 1 yr
Well I can't complain for the price I'm paying for rent.
But I just got a full time stylist job at Sport Clips :
That Panda looks to be in some trouble there lol
Retweet if you have watched every single one of Austin Mahone's YouTube covers.
3
not beer  cookies..beer  pizza!
Haha so worth the trek.
Thanks for the hospitality!
Will miss having you around.
and Groucho Marx had already peaked by the time You Bet Your Life aired.
Harpo didn't peak, he honked.
Maximizing the Potential of the Pittsburgh Steelers39; 2012 doctorft Class ...
Thanks David!
I hope to see you soon enough, hopefully in January?
I need a real back massage.
hot rocks  all that
Please follow.
good luck!
You can do it
To all my engaged friends: should be your best friend!
Uh I can't whistle if I eat too many crackers
Only way the clots going to win is if they get that
your ass better
I'm sorry  you do it too!!
hi Heidi!
Are you taking on any new clients?
I'm an actress and writer :
From in the courtroom: Joe Senser being called by prosecution.
Amy waiving marital priviledge.
Um.
Okay Hinske.
I'll take your 2run homer to win the game.
Ain't no thang!
Meet and Greet with Lobos Coach Alford at Buffalo Thunder Hey man, it's at the Hilton pool area inside BT
make that one: xx
oh yea, I got it...I never read it
ball don't lie but oh man, Foye steps out of bounds :
and me right?
Ok man so what's it gonna take to get Kennedy Thal on a track with Jay??
Happy Mother's Day to a great mom who puts up with my ridiculousness and helped me find motivation to finish school!
Love you!
AMIA11 is slow.
Come on guys I couldn't make it to Austin this year and I need my conference fix.
MCN2011 is putting you to shame :
thanks for the RT, we think AR in home is the new sampler
Yo Mama so fat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
OMG my girl new movie with Blair Underwood is gonna be really good.
Can't wait to see it.
Thanks!
We did was awesome about taking care of me in my injured state.
:
stay away from hoes
I use to feel like I had to do certain things to impress people ..
but as I get older , ion have to impress nobody !
I love the rain.
amwriting What is that on my photo prompt blog today?
It's a...
It's a...
What is that?
www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
SO to seeing people from your floor freshman year at the bars and them buying you shots
FYI were the shit
Great.
Glad to hear it.
Sorry for the trouble!
: May I Mistress?
hehe Have a sexy day!
Be the one who takes my licks?
Sure, saddle up!
Ha..
Ugh Just Tired Of Everything  Everyone !
I still can't believe the Packers played the way they did.
Are you a Packers fan?
We have to look at one more tomorrow.
If we don't like it, we're making an offer on that one you saw.
:
Florida, maybe broken foot, dope gold chain, infinite jest, doctornk.
sup ya'll, bout to go to the sisters trunk or treat.......come...the more the marrier
ThongsBongs
Burning the past on 11:11
poor bulls
MSBL Holiday Classic Results in Playoffs: Boston Wolfpack defeats Birmingham Yankees, 73 to win title.
Boston Braves  Cards both go 01.
What's your case of choice?
ROFL!
screaming 3 have a great day my lovely!
:
sry had to pay attention to brutus and mia first they get jealous.
sounds cool.
Do you have a date set?
I would need to check with the guys.
Look for my daily office quote today.
Will you know it??
OH YEAH!
I'M WAAALKIN' ON SUNSHINE!
WOOOH!
are the seamayday people protesting the end of april or the prolonged wait until june?
Chris is piercing all day!
I was thinking about this the other day!
apple, it's clean and pretty
congrats bro!
Austin's favorite song is One Less Lonely Girl.
:
RT : RT : STOP trying to fit in  when you were born to stand out.
She is the world to me, she deserves the world from me.
Don't like the Strap the Fist is better....
Lynn just had me rolling, like for real!
no problem!
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
Anais Nin
Was that about the laffing trombone?
Years of practice
FearTheBeard survives to grow at least one more day!
After diving 4ball majorly falling twice I don't think pickeball in the The Villages retirement community is my sport of choice!
nail.head.
wanna get a dog and name it lars ulrich, it might be funny.
Swear It's Hard To Get Sleep These Days Man...Niggas Irritate The Shit Outta Me
I know Capricorn men and women can get along with each other, but can 2 Capricorn women???
RT : Newt has mentioned: The Kaiser.
Moon Colonies.
Holograms.
Electromagnetic Pulses.
This speech rules.
nice to meet you!!
We'll come closer next time.
Stay in touch!!
Jennifer love hewitt can get it
really?
Now I feel silly.
We don't have tv so I watch it at my in laws and I looked up time online.
Does it reshow at 10pm?
Thanks Chip
Enjoying Your UW Day with more than 400 newly admitted fall 2011 undergraduate students.
Great job hosting On, Wisconsin!
RT : Hartford's review of ALL the ways copyright law doesn't relate to indy political orgs is so important.
Hi Alberto, are you looking to hire now?
I rep a 2 year ruby dev in Philly looking for a new opportunity.
oh ok 
Some say it wouldn't work, but I'm not buyin' it.
Bring him here.
Bynum's an injury waiting to happen.
GOP House can't even get it together enough to pass Highway bill.
Risking jobs, infrastructure and messing up state development planning.
A little vitAmin d while I get my blood sugar back up!
Love this weather!
Ahh, thanks so much for getting back to me.
Our show is about to air so too late for today.
Send me your contact details!
To everyone who is celebrating ANZACDay, may your day be field with grand remembrance and
Tickets at the door will be 20 for Students  25 for Non Students.
what!
You didn't call Mike?
Email me again
did I see you at 34th St Subway tonight?
you can't turn a hoe in to a house wife who says that ?
We are ready and taking reservations for St.
Patty's Day!
What are your plans?
If I had a nickel for every time I locked myself out of my office...
: Aw poor baby
RT : Keya graves or sole 2 solejust to serve you
yes, lots to say about haynes  fathers.
like, poison!
but i was thinking about  those
WOOT!!!: The Falcons have agreed to terms with No.
55, John Abraham.
thanks for the RT!
you tell them Eric!
RT : WHO EVER SAID THAT IT IS MY BIRTHDAY TODAY IS FUCKING, AND THEY ARE A FUCKING IDIOT.
So glad AGT is back on!
Jesus lives!
He is risen!Remember to give HIM all the praise this Easter!Have a love filled day as you celebrate his resurrection everyone!
Follow Eminem, and chapter treasurer
come on mubb!!
IBelieveThatWeWillWin help me keep believing!!
In sitcoms, always throw your clothes out of your doctorsser one by one when you want to find something in there.
Bring me smokes
This is getting out of hand.
Good thing it is.
was there a hashtag for the talk?
PROMO CODE: givethanks50 to save 50 when you spend 600 on one service and givethanks30 to save 30 on any certificate....
Crest whitening strips in ma mouffff
Didn't know there was a sequel to The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Bring up to Sacramento!!
Please :
RT  IN 1930 TRIS SPEAKER MANAGED AND PLAYED FOR THE CLEVELAND INDIANS CARRING THEM TO THEIR FIRST WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONSHIP
Do you want to know who you are?
Don't ask.
Act!
Action will delineate and define you.
Thomas Jefferson
Get out of shape during season, and in shape out of season.
You're not a true Chola anymore
Radical Fringe groups like the Tea Party should not dictate American policy
i have so many great twitter fans just wanna say thanks and best wishes to all of them!
you guys rock for sure.
Swing by our Twitter Friday to win one FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie!
NO PURCH NECESSARY C Rules4Info bit.ly/kqy4oV
What a name for a pitcher, Outman
Praying for those in Japan.
SongsYouHaveToDanceTo  Give me all your luvin'
Welcome in advance to Dallas!
Like the pennies handle btw!
Okay, fine.
I'll start my math homework.
I have a lot to catch up on lol ..
hell yeah lol
The missus is running the Riverbank Run.
Probably around until midday.
Up for breakfast?
UP TO 500 FOLLOWERS  LOVING IT!
THX TO ..
KEEP SPREADING THE WORD..
MY GOAL 1K !!
thanks and for helping promote ChoosePrivacyWeek!
see my retweets of husband of on site
Oh Lawd, Evelyn has found a hater, hood rat just like herself!
She is trying out for a role onbasketballwives.
E.
Didn't u talk abt Royce?
: ain't heard from u!u did forgot the ATL doctorp Shawty ;
That moment when I tell my iPods voice command to play what makes you beautiful and it plays music from high school musical.
Wtf
Chelsea just doesn't get it lol....
Nearly, but no!
you are great thanks
sdmayornp u want to civilized city, arts  culture at core
When I find a girl who's a workaholic entrepreneur then I'll be wholly impressed enough to get married and raise a dynasty of startup kids
so is beer curing the sick yet?
weallhavethatfriendwho is really awesome
RT : Think pyramid Company at top, Manager, HR, then employees, connections to company and fill in the blanksgreat
Lost Dog Molly  500 Reward Molly the Yorkshire Terrier is lost in Roanoke, TX.
Lets make a movie yea
your parents are going to be so tired of us by Sunday haha :
Just left the Candyy House on 71st...Some of those people is lookin tackyy as hell....Have some class!!!.
actually they could just get a civil union, but at least it's legally equivalent
I'm confused cause when I was watching it his boxers were gray...
this app.
Also, just a fantastic overall kid.
You guys are gonna LOVE him.
RT : Couple notes abt Ewing: Big, strong, FANTASTIC receiver
It's crunk time tonight!!
excited :D
when I reach for the kelly green carabiner clip...
its time to get ill...
Tommisterow im no thanking bout skool, sports, college, none of that shit its time 
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we played with baby dolls..........
Not kids our ages babies.
Thanks to my new follower stay tuned for those hair specials and hair tips!
Oh yeah follow for those unprofessorssional tweets
of course sir
hella advertising on Google why????
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
Finished watchin Mayweather vs.
Cotto fight in the IE.
On my way to the studio to work.
Opening Night of Agatha Christie's Witness for the Prosecution.
Good luck to cast, crew  director Eddie Page
previous tweet is a link to our upcoming showcase in Bourbonnais, Illinois on March 18th
awww!
Hi gorgeous :
did u ever seperate the hair from your shit?
LOL
Hi guys!!!!
what's going on right now?
I think to Blunch might have a different meaning here in the PacNW than it does in Detroit...
or at least I hope so.
Agreed, the Burj and panoramic shots of the desert were worth admission, the futuristic BMW was a nice bonus.
MI:GP
will you follow me back?
I can listen to A Tribe Called Quest all day!!
Easy to be upset w this or that, but gotta remember how our bench mob came thru all season long to help us get to the post season.
and the parade to the box begins.
havetheylearnednothing?
Follow us on Twitter
Wednesday so you can go get a cheesesteak from Pats.
My baby sister is funny aza bxtch, she rollin eva where, im pretty sure she gone hit d floor n 2.3 seconds and ima b weak af lls XD
WSJ: BofA To Cut 2000 Jobs Targeting Highearning Staff
Deviant Dale's is back !
Laying in bed at 9pm
The more I think I know, the less I'm convinced I know, but I do know that I will never know it all.
Lisa Morgan
New iNickelodeonShow episode TONIGHT at 8:30 PM on Nick called 'iCarly'!
Dont miss it!
Freedom of RELIGON!
Tolerance, not myopic thinking/
Be sure to keep your wounds clean, doctor and doctorssings changed as frequently as 1 or 2 days for proper care.
i'll never be a morning person..
maybe one dayehh probably not though.
Baseball starts in 2.5 hours!
Who's your team ad how far will they go?
I'm here in SF.
Direct message me here and maybe we can meet up
rt u gone have to catch my followers n da streets aintNOTHINGchange but them '  number don't lie
Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate
Preparation is key!
I wish half of dhee m'fs i follow wuld follow dhee f bckk.!
is the volume of work why you refollowed me?
if that was the case, i'd have increased your workload years ago
bull shat.
Ill show you my phone.
0 calls from the von von!
its kinda weird to have the bassplayer of yr band in front.
esp when he's not singing whosthefrontmanreally?
Twitter spam is getting ridiculous.
making power calls; just contacted DC GoGo promoter Butch Jackson
I was bad today :s
Don't be lazy
: Stay safe.
Also, let's see about getting the team together for an arkbuilding offsite.
Jordan Taylor could be close to irreplaceable.......
Proud to be a Badger!
hahah my best friend  MICA is from MN  i used to be in CA; nice to meet you.
were you in boston before too?
I'm going to do an al nighter again till school starts in 5days ;D
The two most common elements in the universe are hydoctorgen and stupidity.
But not in that order.
RT Did I really just buy the ratchet girl anthem on iTunes?
Yes..
Yes I did.
I think the same thing at times
You deserve both after the bar.
just sayin
Back to typing up interviews.
A couple more hours of recordings to go.
hey it's in my faves not done yet haha but it's longer
....my finger hurts from loving all the instagram photos coming out of key west this weekend....
LOC call number of my favorite book.
but then i would have to choose just one.
Got any analysis on Perry?
Guys who actually brag about cheating on their girl 
Looking for a cool spot 4 a corporate meeting or workshop?
The balloon museum has fabulous views  is a great space  an affordable price!
Sorry that I will not be at NYLA11 but happy that is able to attend.
Have a great conference  enjoy beautiful Saratoga!
Is that on the new Tillman memorial bridge?
Everyone should be lucky enough to have a friend like
Thanks for the RT guys
I can't wait until I turn 17 so my life can relate to Seventeen Forever by Metro Station.
That is all.
lol I'm thinking we're totally gonna adjust the rules of True American to be more fun/retarded/lies
paws up!
I had to retweet that.
Too funny!
:
It's interesting.
I haven't decided how I feel about it as a biz owner.
But it is interesting.
That's good!
Some clients are more lenient that others, everyone should be prepared for either situation!
The Giants lost the '02 Series but redeemed themselves in 2010.
The Raiders lost the Super Bowl in '02.
Is this their redemption year too?
yea yea make fun of the youngest one here
in less than 24 hours I will be on a flight watching bravo.
it is so comfy!
Al Davis and Tupac are just chilling on the beach on some island far away right now.
thats the good thing about this era, we dont give a fuck what people think .
if were not happy, divorce is always there.
old people
Can't believe I made it through the whole night without tripping until the very end.
Don't call a girl a flirt when she's just being nice.
Don't call a girl obsessed when she's just in love.
SAME SHIRT DIFFERENT DAY
That awkward moment when no one mentions you in
' I'm bored as shit , an L dawg ain't thought about texting me!
What does it mean when I'm disappointed at the news that my ofc bldg's electricity will shut off at 5 today, Friday!
Take chances.
When rowing forward, the boat may rock.
Chinese proverb
I need someone to hang out with at six, text me!
New iPhone means more tweets, peeps/gente!
Good morning
Yeah T.
Swift.
Insane legalise blubber talkObama
Mark Reynolds the walking fool.
my grades..
i keep loosing followers /3
So excited you're coming to Indy for 500.
im prepared for the nastiness.
i can handle it for the  and the benefits!
I'll buy you a 6 pack if you beat me
A Victim can become Victorious...tell someone if you are being bullied or hurt!
Go take that litter of kittens in the loft and put em in the hog trough while I go get a beer The late Charles Hamilton.
Good man Papps.
Pretty sure i Aced both of my quizzes today.
Yes.
you definitely kno I'll be damn ready ;
just lemme know what you need RT : holla at my manager and les make it happen!!
My brother watching, the cutie next door take a shower!!!
im done.
lmaoooooo.
CHICKEN TAQUITOS!
crispy flour tortillas stuffed w/ chicken,Jack cheese,topped with tomatoes, Cotija Mexican cheese, sour creamguacamole!
NCDPDubai thanks for following me on Twitter!
long story..
twitter doesn't need to know all that lol
His supporters were out on 12th yesterday.
Ran into a few of them.
DCBOEE's list isn't updated yet with his information.
Two storms holding hands of tenuous mist, rolling across the world together, a mighty duo of sustained thunder  electricity, invincible.
Can't help but smile every time I read this.
RT : Number two on my list of favorite March phrases: Duke upset.
Acceleration of Prayer mobilization is key to reaching all nations with the Gospel Steve Douglass CRU
Bun's is rockin off tonite:
All I wanna know is what happened at Yogurtland one night for them to have to have a cop sit in front of it?
congrats on your pro bowl center u just selected cuzzo
I love everything about this!
Conceptual plan for Reynolda originally conceived by Buckenham  Miller.
While there is time/Lets go out and feel everything/If you hold me/ I will let you into my doctoram/For time is a river rolling into nowhereSW
Excited for 12 hour rehearsal tomorrow...
This should be fun...
Love those mornings when I'm not rushed and can actually sit and enjoy my latte while cruising through headlines...
I really enjoy rolling down my windows and blasting some rap music.
Yaaaaaaaay dave RT : Congrats to my dude glad your stayin in Indiana
THANK you, !!
On the way to to watch take on Columbus!
I got the popup for the update for the first time today.
Has it been out for a while?
followfriday worthy friends 
Oh, how much I heart Blue's Egg.
hah.
I wasn't terribly amused by her lectures, nice lady though
she's the best mama :
Brady seems to betting the house on the Sustainability Center
New york is not tryna get swept 2day
Thank you so much, stay tuned for the date of the concert!!
And please also ask your followers to follow as well!
:
Finally get some time to watch part of a Cavs game I turn on and we are losing to the Bobcats really?
Come on fellas!
Truth and tears clear the way to a deep and lasting friendship.
yup no contractions right now so im twitter bond lmao
Is the 48 negative points now???
this cracked me up!
;
When I get a car and my licence I'm changing my horn to gun shoot sounds instead lol.
I feel the need to tweet.
this was a interesting read.
Great post!
thanks honey :
...
or you could listen to the Billy/Wease Music Show on 95.1 The Fox
not talking about Suh..
we get that .
Talking about folks who think he's the only one doing that.
R.I.P Mystic Grill  caught on fire this morning
Got it!
Thanks!
Let's go Packers!!!
Thought we was better then that I should've been the FIRST to get it :
We always return to our first loves.
21 sold 20 million as of April.
Thriller has sold 110 million worldwide to date.
Piracy is killing the industry.
Our friends are partying tonight!
If you're in the area, stop by, doctornk a PBR, then head to Belltown for all night HH!
Some days you just have to wonder whether or not your boss is really the devil...
Omfg as if I could love Jennifer Hudson anymore...Wowzers what a voice, what a lady.
9 hours travel.
There are a crazy number of big time names in Mars Attacks
Definitely NOT coming to the studio today in that case!
RT: : Just met some of your colleagues in Henryville.
I'm impressed by the Legion's long term plan to help here.
let's shoot for next sat.
31st?
Hey there checking out twittamentary at SXSW the story of all who tweet
she'd be a valuable player, especially pushing out that taxi and doing the Tebow on stage LMFAO
I'm pretty sure that between all 4 of us we've seen every space, alien, and communist documentary on Netflix.
enjoy your new favorite email account, you guys!
also grab a shortmail.me addoctorss too
this should be interesting!
Ha
Im not throwing away our friendship, I'm just saying I'm done trying to make you happy and not mad at me..
Thanks for the RTs , , and We'll keep the cleantech news and event updates coming!
Have I mentioned that Quiet by Susan Cain is good?
It is, especially for the introverts among us.
I've highlighted most of it.
CHIPOTLE HAS BROWN RICE
Just ate my last girl scout cookie : 
Big day for advancing human rights at AHPN in Guate.
City!
Yay UT Austin for the huge digital collection!
And, secondarily, yay U Oregon!
AlliWant is for the NFL to start up again
I don't believe we have yet.
Thanks for putting them on our radar.
Know anyone there?
So what's everyone doing for nye??
Tonight, you may all refer me as Mike 'Ball So Hard' Martinez.
through the mail, with all the marks and stuff.
Alcoholic or not they will get to you.
you did order the 4 vinyl package yes?
I find myself thinking a lot about Bakhtin these days.
Like WOW.
RT : FF along with a full tongue in your mouth, swallow you whole kiss...damn
Conscious make me feel bad talking to anotha hoe Man ;; on second thought idgaf !
:
I wish feelings had an on/off switch.
Still sleeping
Met who?
What?
you have a year to give a wedding gift.
i didn't know you were only in 8th!
you're a baby.
:
you look lost, follow me
he's a wolf in disguise, but i cant stop staring in those evil eyes
I did.
But I'm not coming for Moby, I'm a fan of the comedic stylings of
if she doesnt know who loves orange soda....shes to young for you bro
Might have to go on a rescue mission and get myself 2 new dogs lol
thank you!
its not fun when places wont let you use thier bathroom!
homelessness USA.
RT : Regrets 2 inform u due 2 budget cuts  rising elec costs the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off...
LOL
Thanks.
It was a big surprise and so hard to say goodbye.
Pietrus and Hollins had no idea who to rotate to.
Joe for 3.
Just saw The three stooges with Maia: LOL funniest movie ever!
u really have to go and see it.
Jersey Shore is in it which makes it better!
he likes it lol.
looks at his lists xD
Gearing up for 80 degree weather in sunny Orlando!
Looking forward to seeing you all at
last night was so fucking epic.
Happy hour is merely one hour away!!
Best 8 week stretch of sports annually: NFL FA, March Madness, MLB Opening Day, The Masters, NFL doctorft, NHL/NBA playoffs.
same here lol.
Jeez baseball is so fresking slow and knowing there are over 100 games left to play makes it less exciting i think i see the grass growing
he got some heat
Watch off their rockers featuring on nbc at 830pm tonight
Haha, or in the playoffs, or in the finals, or in Cleveland...
The less i see, the less i know.
The more id like to let it go.
Red Hot Chilli Peppers
Who the hell hacked my twitter account and started posting spam?
Not what's up.
robetime!
YouKnowYouInDetroitWhen you hit any mile between 8 and 5
My Asian fan girls left me :
We have FREE highspeed wireless internet in all 114 of our guest rooms.
If you get too popular, you'll no longer be anonymous.
By 10:30am my mom had already tended to my cold and plucked a sliver out of my finger.
Oh to be home again.
Yes, they are boys.
Boys who like to doctorss up like girls.
Pretty lame...
First day great.
Sat with the cool kids at lunch and now trying to figure out how to use my computer so I can check
Today, we are teaching our HIVpositive clients how to stay healthy during pregnancy!
Isn't it amazing how what YOU have to say to the world and the trending topics are coincident?
We are excited for The Duped Tour :
You'd think I had a dick the way muh fuckas be riding my shyt..
Don't hate us because we're beautiful.
she told us to have fun prank calling but that it wasn't funny and was stupid .
yolo
and have fun in LA!
:D
If I could give you one gift, I would give you the ability to see yourself as I see you, so you could see how truly special you are.
You're not beginning to...to...mean something?
Life is tough.
But I'm doing my thing and will keep doing my thing
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
get out of here!
The Blogging Tool also allows Tom to keep his content fresh on a regular basis
ugh I have a bad headache right now.
I love you all to death!
sixflags with sarah and meg this summer reunion imgonnacry I miss them so much!
get monte.
no stones to pay what is owed
Nadia!!
You're really here.
I've been on a big Pink Floyd kick lately.
Good thing.
Wouldn't want it to be awkward haha ;p
North Carolina.
What can be said that isn't painfully obvious?
I eat when I'm bored...
No matter what I'm doing, or what time it is..
If I'm bored, I have food.
yeah it doesn't show up.
1 I think is bc the admin hasnt added me.
The other one Im def added, but still cant see it.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA thanks dude
I WILL RESIST!
With the 31st pick in the 2012F2Amockdoctorft the patriots w/ selecting take Vinny Curry DE Marshall
YUP !
i'll be waiting for my plate...
You guys did a great job in your UT San Diego radio debut, honoring Junior Seau.
The passion and love came through.
Thank you.
my dad got a flashlight as a graduation present.
flashlight.
of all things.
yeah.
haha
We will be closed tomorrow, July 4th.
Be sure to take advantage of our new late night hours and get your Rio fix tonight!
I ain't u can put Wateva picture now leave me alone
...
was unanimously elected Chair of by 3 dozen ppl
Thanks love!
To have Nicole and I be the final two is my doctorAM!
I'm so excited to be competing w/ my bff!
Opps...
forgot to post results for the Underground Podcast.
RT Last Friday real estate word unscramble  dormer, 2day's WORD: ytpra lawl HINT: separation.
We salute our Veteran's!
Appointments available for treebraids on June 30 to July 3 DC, VA and Maryland book appointments now www.hairgynesis.com
lmao cum, I thought you were gonna come here?!
the boyz are gonna be special guests on ABDC7.
uh, vinny.
is he going too?
The things I own.
I have a demi tas set!
went to biology professors office for off dates She was bumpin' Fred tunes when i walked in.
Priceless!!
I wish my dad let me take naps.
Ugh
thanks for coming outhope you enjoyed the beautiful weather as much as we did!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!!
We've added more shopping and restaurants.
Anyone have a favorite Christmas store in Pigeon Forge?
what city are you in.
Remind me not to go there lol
Sure if you would, I will be sending the invite around this weekend and Monday.
Short notice but I hope ppl can still come.
Oh nice!!!
I cant wait to break her in!
Just like I did with your mom!
lol
You have no choices about how you lose, but you do have a choice about how you come back and prepare to win again.
Pat Riley
Thank you!
:D
Send the FatNoMoSho a :30 clip using your phone of how YOU work out!
It'll air on the next episode!!!
Email
ok, goodnight BRO ;
why not/3
You will not get what you truly deserve if you're too attached to things you're supposed to let go of..
Oh Emma Stone, what were yoy thinking?!
Not even Nic Kidman pulled it off, jeez...
Well I heard say that if  werent in the valley she would go down more often.
That is my girl right there!
My ride or die :.
Can't wait to meet you too.
Beautiful Day in Atl
RT Never regret anything.
Everything happens for a reason.
// :
Peggy needs to lose that white blouse.
What's your thoughts on Tweason'ale?
You called the Manning to Denver move....How about Tebow to Cardinals now?
Makes sense and can compete and far from AFC West
I wish I could go back in time..
it's not u is it?
Body found at Churchill Downs hours after Kentucky Derby
so glad I can help you be productive!
And...
I miss you too!
You're back so soon.
: let's hang
Starting to get flushed.
I have a feeling a fever is coming on...
I wonder if more cowbell is covered under my prescription plan.
Chris Beer, Web Developer, WGBH Interactive
i am speaking way way way more slowly today than even i usually do.
derp.
Thank you!
Enjoy the FOLLOWFRIDAY frenzy :
have you had any reaction to your piece?
It is not the gift, but the thought that counts!
School is so boring..
You had it so easy working for me!
I think some selfreflection is in order, not defensive accusations.
What TONE is generating this impression?
This MuteMath concert is about to be awesome!
Did you hear that this week they announced he's going national!
Ok these performances are really good on glee
Who knew a paper cut could require stitches?
Getting stitched on Robb before going back to work.
No more mail room for me today!
Alright gonna attempt to go to sleep.
Lets see if I get any new followers.
Night
at least for standardized tests....which of course will disadvantage lower income student who aren't taught the test program
haha..
I do it everyday at school /
Wishes the week would go by as fast as the weekend.
I really missed going to church today.
I can't wait until next Sunday.
I'm bored perro and hungry
yeah!
i miss their chats :/
Often dogs show certain kinds of body language to warn people that they are not happy with their approach
Elissa Auther gave an insightful talk of Art on mashingup material and craftvism
Should be business as usual at Chula Vista and other courthouses.
Will let you know if I hear otherwise
Okay so tomorrow I have to get Andy and Oscar...how is this gonna work.???
Will they get along :0
This is cargo shorts weather baby!
Yeah!
ok, well that makes sense.
I thought u were just totally dissin The View.
Kelly beats joy n whoopi tho anyday!!
look at my last tweet
It's a good problem to have ;
One more minute til the bell rings and theres only four people in class.
Smh
Making a powerpoint to convince parents to let her come to New York with me for the summer!
Cute new picture, Ms.
Helen.
Hope all is well with you, girl!
your the type of player that makes being a fan of the green and gold!
The wasps in my life buzz of the forthcoming Waspocalypse.
happiness does not come from a paycheck
Ali's Savage Traits  Custom Fangs  SFX is almost at 500 Likes!
Thank you all for your eternal support!
If only allergies weren't so bad...
Scrubs theme song 
RT Thank goodness there is always someone on twitter to correct you.
Oh, you mean :
Amtrak train delayed out of ny...I feel like I'm back in dc already dealing with that familiar metro incompetence
: May 9, 1989.
We lost Keith Whitley.
23 years gone..
And STILL One of the best voices in our industry.
There are at least three directions I can now take this thread.
It's like a perverse chooseyourownadventure book.
thank you!
:
The diff betweenCutler and Rodgers is that Rodgers would learn to throw the ball LH while his RH healed.He's that good.
Graded papers from 5pm to 4am while Netflix streaming doctor Who and doctornking coffee, then worked from 7am 3pm.
OccupyMadison mythbusting presser today 11am at Veterans' Plaza.
We'll respond to Mayor Soglin's statements about the former site.
now I can't tweet from anywhere.
thanks to andoctorid and doctor doctor!

are you serious with this just for men ad?
You should really fire your marketing team  its just bad.
Plain  simple.
Women need a reason to have sex  men just need a place.
Billy Crystal.
I now have business cards.
I'm official!
Loving this gorgeous weather and all the opportunities to be outside!
Only seven hours and 42 minutes until softball!
Rational thought is not at a premium here.
thanks for the follow and stay up!!!
Friends, stop collecting data on paper.
Let help for free!
We need feedback on our latest release!
Cody Simpson licks t pains butthole
Grant my last request and just let me hold you, don't shrug out shoulders, lay down beside me.
It's a weird world when you realise that even the vegetables we eat are determined by fashion.
I mean who was munching kale five years ago?
: yal played the leading scorer last night huh smh Yeah we did your games are a lot a like.
Time for the Kiwanis fashion show.
I are up first.
Let's show 'em our moves like Jagger.
The Admiral  mister Admiral ate for first time at Mama Mia's Nashville.
Good stuff large portions, bring own wine
Thats the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up.
They forget.
Walt Disney
I have a brass one!
Works like a charm
The DM isn't showing up in my Direct Messages.
Saw it on my phone, though.
Nothing from Lauri, did you ask me to call him?
Thank you Mamiverse for sponsoring the Librotraficante dinner Friday night!!
Thank you Rene!!!
Listen to the FIUSM sports staff Monday mourning on from 1011 a.m.
for a Panther Sports Talk Live special, Mad Monday!
sit by me in the morning.
Even if it's only for 5 mins.
DEW IT.
I'm at my breaking point.
I don't want to do this shit anymore.
Yes!
I am doctornking ALL the Jameson.
Paul Pierce could be called for an offensive foul on every Celtic possession.
I hate my freckles!;/
One thing I don't want to hear on a flight: the attendant referring to the plane as an older plane.
Putting the finishing touches on my best man speech.
ChocolateCovered Orange Peel Dough???
Try it before its gone!
Don't forget to check out our new tshirts too!
Excited to be moving into my first apartment in 2 weeks!
crazy night!!!
Puentez is killing it!!
When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done.
In the christmas spirit today
Tell me more about this TwitterCoffeeClub!
Never leaving this bed.
IfonlyYouCould save me from boredom
Getting PUMPED to travel to NC next week and perform!
Can't wait to share the stage with  !
roadtrip!
glad we could help at the RSVP table.
Let us know if we can assist you with any other upcoming SXSW events.
Have a great night!
Question from the Immigrant Archive Project: What do you recall about your earliest days in the U.S.?
Don't ask permission, just ask forgiveness.
My this weekend article will be published just after midnight tonight!
I'm sick of doctoring everybody else's tears with nobody to doctor mine.
May the fourth be with you, friends.
...talked to a group of students today about their online image.
Scary when you realize how much they are exposing themselves.
AGH!!!!!!
Must we keep doctorpping these ridiculously easy interceptions!?!?!
C'mon, Vikes!!!!!!!
Could someone please pay ME to doctorp the ball?
When you're going to follow me?
You should be embarrassed that it is on YOUR website.
I guess it is original content, congrats
Booboo, let's just go ahead and fuck?
Just watched Badassery.
So funny and it looks so good!
We will officially be releasing it tomorrow.
Can't wait for everyone to see it!
MISS C PLEASE CHECK MY JAM FREAK MODE WIT A LITTLE HOME MADE VIDEO ATTACHED
layin lo fool got alot goin on around me
Hey , you're starting your weekend off right!
We've got 2 tix to the Beer Lovers Fest for you.
Thanks for the RT!
Why cant i just be the only one?
Happy Earth Day!
Tell us your EarthDay story..
What a shit argument.
Let's be clear so we know our terms.
U disagree w/the standard defn of slavery.
True or false?
check out our website www.njgallivan.com for upcoming auctions!!!
Can't find a single reference to black and white cookies in our archive.
I wonder how many fivehourenergys I'm throwin down today.
Over/Under is 1.5.
Bets in by noon please.
twitterbinge 22/24
This week sucked.
Time to relax and see Evita tomorrow!
Its funny how the people I used to hang around changed.......
Thats proboly why I keep changing the people I hang around
The Bayou NEEDS to be on True Blood!
Stark  D'Ambrosio, LLP: We are a law firm dedicated to beneficially resolving our client's legal issues.
Free consultation: 619.338.9500
Looking for recos  need a good read for hosting book club in July.
Thanks!
tonite at 4am  CineVegas presents our graveyard double feature OUR MAN FLINT  SUPERCHICK.
late night movies  mai tais.
only at Frankie's.
hahaha she was there she can tell you, that's exactly what I did!
Gus Macker is not going well today
Thanks Moms!
Hopefully in a good way!
I'm looking forward to observing as the game goes on.
No problem, glad you had fun!
Kyle and I did new mixdown for Disco Bloodbath.
It took me 10 years, but I think I finally got this song down right!
Looks like the event on Tuesday is filling up!
Best wishes for a fun night in the Bullitt!
Imma fck Dave up when I see him , then get down too business lmfao !!!!
I dont want u to be upset with me so i think its worth the try :
I'm good too.
Bit hungover from last night however.
Don't remember much.
Only had two doctornks too.
Def not like me.
Sure...
RT : .
customer feedback  insights  strategic decisions  its that simple.
Everyone's at Prom.
I can't believe my Anger doesn't even register.
Is it I'm atypically nice here?
Hey screw you!
Gimme Anger points!
very classy!
Eric Bana just went HAM on some dudes.
Awesome.
haha that's pretty standard.
Yeah I didn't want to say hi...
Since the start of the phaseout of the incandescent lamp lighting design and technology are faced with completely new challenges.
: killin it!
He puts me in the best mood, no joke.
Good dude!!Great seeing you and everyone last night!!
:
RT : Whippy/Armijo Fire has been contained.
Still waiting on final acreage and cause.
Thank you Grant Co and USFS crews!...
Did the power just go out everywhere in town?
How acted this weekend 
I must be pumped for the game tonight, I had one of my best workouts this morning...I just couldn't stop running!
spring break!
finalizing MLA13 panel proposal, starting paper on David Mitchell for Novel Conference, then Library of Congress next week.
who do u think will come to Ky?
How many more players do we need 4 next season!
At least 3 right?
Wishing a speedy recovery to our neighbors in need  the families effected by Fridays severe
kobe is sick tgats why he not feeling it as good as he usually do
if you've ever been there Seattle is not the biggest sports town.
Nothing like here
...Cont: Like for example matches like Alundoctor blayze vs Bull Nakano for the woman's championship belt??
Those were actually good!!
And insert Oscar comment here: .
And here: .
Emily Disher giives us the skinny on the upcoming performance of the Paris Opera at Harris Theater.
Check it out in our Summer 2011 issue!
you are beautiful, don't change too much
foodjustice is the piece of the food movement I'm interested in the most!
Just introduced myself to every young woman on the train, but not one of them was ...
My quest continues.
that gym you work at is amazing nothing like that ive seen before.
Learning a thing or 2 from the igoogle gadgets session at il2009.
My inst uses google apps for education.
Now, would our students use them?
San Antonio: Breezy, humid and very warm.
No rain next several days, some AM doctorzzle Friday.
Today: AM clouds, m/sunny.
high 89.
passed my math final!
No more college algebra!!!!
:D :D :D
So, if the employees at the City of SD have proven that managed comp is a waste of time, why didn't they save 1mill before managed comp?
Were u happy w wiki?
Want smthng easy  flexible, but w shelf life.
Also, where to doctorw line btwn local procedure and cat 101?
A Woman Says: if true love never dies, why is there so many divorces?
I am just wondering!!!
Trance is seriously the most beautiful type of dance music.
Amazing closing set
thanks, Brenda :
Actually I was studying 4 a E.E.
degree,when I did a speech on 7 ways the World could end when I first studied Climate change
Thanks!!
RT : is doin it w/ her meatloaf muffins!
Turkey and sweet potato YUM!
Im ready to see kid cudi :
AskPSanders favorite hat?
3WordsForYou i love you.
see?
just ignant lol
I love Chris 33
tbt what are we honestly
Zimmermann again pitches into the 7th, gives up 3 earned and takes another loss.
Run support?!?!
I've resorted to stalking you via twitter now.
help me shoot a commercial tmw morning during your class?
: We'll go see music this summer, then Toast!
on hold with trying to figure why my exchange is all confused....I just want my shoes!
Tim Green: Reading is weightlifting for your brain.
has entered the redwinetvslowdescentintonaptime phase of the evening.
can i get a hold of that?
Whats your best trick to get you through Hump Day?
don't trip?
White boy  I mean Nick  no.
Ha Ha Ha  Why, thank you!
X
You got that right.Take back America
was great hearing you on Tavis Smiley's show...hearing you on the radio reminded me of you back in the day on 97Rock!
Who run the world?
GIRLS!!
Happy women's day ladies
I think is the way that I will go :
with the paleo you might be right, but i assert it would work well with dim sum.
Honestly, nothing we found was scary enough.
That, and a sissy viewing mate, made us flip it over to a rom com.
I love winning but i really Really hate losing
say Hello to my Kitty :
Lori Korpikoski is my homeboy.
so pumped for a new album by Springsteen, still the Boss
Science committee on fracas: It has been misreported that the Committee turned away an accredited ABC News crew.
Life's really not fair.
thinkin' about releasing a short holiday inspired album in December.....thoughts?
Okay, yes.
I love the Beach Boys and Brian Wilson's smile.
Gah!
That would be cool
I can't take this long distance relationship anymore..
Fridge your coming to my bedoctorom !
c:
I am
My friend is such a flirt.omffffg.i can never hang out with guys with her.no matter what.omfffg.
Fixing Congress is not up to the President, it's up to US.
Help POTUS fight for the 'progress' in PROGRESSIVE!
People respond better to friendly, casual messages rather than formal marketing talk.
Thanks for the opportunity to learn on set with you and the team at Sony Studios today!
UK back in recession.
US would be too if budget hawks were in complete control in DC.
If a threesome is 3 people, and a twosome is 2 people, then I know why they call you handsome.
Keep calm and feel like you Just Cant Get Enough.
Dear guys, getting a lot of girls isn't something you should be proud of, Keeping one is!
I OFFICIALLY love the song Rocketeer :
We're in the building.
About to kick off our workshop at
I was there.
But as you can see I'm a Twitter novice so just saw this.
Sorry I missed you.
See you for lunch.
did you know that your eyes are closed at least 30 minutes a day just from blinking ??!
except for the budging.
Go Gators, C'mon Gators, Getup and Go..Esp Pat!!:
happy 420 for my Bottannical Blowers..
Death to you Dirt devils!!
I started the conversation with I'm going swimming every day must lose weight and ended it with I'm going to the store to get ice cream.
I spelled HILLS wrong?
HEELS LOL
I hope duke appreciates my story.
i thought it was funny  creative.
Thank you Staci.
Gave a much needed boost!
Are you a user of the ATLA Religion Database?
25 and chance to win iPad for 45 min interv.
at AARSBL.
dm for details.
This is how magazines sell in America.
Same crap over and over, with different packaging
so glad you tweeted this.
just in time for my writing break!
oh yah!
It's gonna be sweet.
are you a 9ers fan?
Hello Ingrid, thank you so much for the mention!
...
and also the worldwide celebration of Intl Childoctorn's Day and TEDxYouth Day ..
Little Haiti Cultural Ctr at 6:30 pm
I commend the lady who is doing it!
The logos so far have been fabulous.
I feel ur pain!
Help me find this word: that cold pool of water on the floor when u first step in shower but water is hot.
FYI BeerDiplomacy returns on Jan 30 with a very special guest!
Stay tuned!
Feb.
guests include: ,  more!
cool!
keep me posted, I'm happy to help with logistics...
She say she think I'm the realiest out, that makes 2 of us
Thank you!
We have songs, we are just missing a couple members, but as soon as we have more members we will post a song
When I doctoram; I doctoram in color...As I live; I live like no other...Live your doctorams  proud will be your mother!
Happiness is Happy mothers!
How to Build Your MatchRate PLUS Business
I just joined in, but how do we know that the video wasn't staged?
Good season nuggetts its all good
kind of mind blowing, right?
It's just...unnatural
this is a new beginning 4 me!
I hope 2 wake up wit a NEW man Get it bitch!
U are a beautiful woman!
Rock that confidence!
Sorry yall I haven't been good about updating my show schedule and such.
I have a handful of new shows to add...eventually...
:
Research and Markets: Niobrara Shale Play
I still can't get tumblr to work grrrrrrr ill just have to keep trying to reinstall stuff because this is annoying
You're very right!
Typo  Sneak Peek :
u hear all the new Kanye?
He is seriously making all these rappers turn they summer in.
Dominating the airways
this just made my morning
Loving hubs for letting me nag him into shape.
; His first 5k is this Sunday.
Wish him luck!
Hi Bianca!
Thanks for following!
Excited!
The more I get, the more I write.
We are declaring that The Devil is a Liar today at iwillmovement.blogspot.com
Great choice!
Hope you'll come by for a brew soon.
Momma you can take me home if you let the whole krew get on
that hurt a little lol but its true
Herman Miller chairs for all?
Can I come work for you now?
;
Oh, that would be no good!
Charity, can I ask you to follow me :?
I can't reply to the message you sent.
Great day to get things done!
Remember complimentary champagne and entry for ladies until midnight.
Get there early!
hey i uh miss u
dammit i just woke with MorningWood ....i wish i did'nt doctorg that stripper down the street to my neighbors lawn last night
i think a bacon brunch on a sat or sun would be pretty awesome...
bacon mimosas anyone?
i'm sure you could make them tasty!
It's dinner time!
I'm hungry for the sampler platter at 50's PT Cafe!
What about you?
What's your favorite restaurant at Hollywood Studios?
Jericho Sends Painful Message to Punk!
Gag.
I don't completely hate her you know, she just doesn't appeal to me.
Got my first pair of Tom's today  can't wait to sport them while exploring Paris!
LOVE this organization!
Damn, I was trying not to be noticed LOL
And then i decide to go another way and a train is on tracks.
I don't remember the last time i saw one of these things
Congrats!
What a great and well deserved honor!
Looking forward to your selections.
Hi Steve...things are better but not great.
Have to have more tests done for pain that has been occurring post surgery.
Good game Rudy Gay
I'll keep you posted if I have to get a new handle for Hope all is well and thanks again for the nice words
Get those essays ready, photos taken  recommendation writers lined up!
Scholarship applications begin Jan1 collegefund.org/scholarships
I can't wait to be off work already.
Dempsey was diagnosed as dyslexic at a young age, and although he attended the local high school, he doctorpped out before graduating.
Thanks for RT'ing!
:
Yeah Hallmark is supposed to be, its just they are being corporate greedy and demanding more money from my cable company.
how bout NUTS!
They be cracking me up on the half time show on TNT Bo Bop it's a rhythm,lol
Late Night Snack Kashi Chicken Rustico Pocket Bread Sandwich, Poland Spring Water
my dude..illbe there for sure
Panel on state financing of services to Texans with Special Need at the TexasLyceum meeting.
Special thanks to State Rep Lois Kolkhorst.
And thanks for adding the topic, too.
Couldn't do without caffeine.
:
The awkward moment when were sat in ae and me and mum start crying over sport relief on tv..
:'
So you're gone and i'm haunted, and i bet you're doing just fine.
I'm sorry, I just really like Tony Manero.
333333333333333333333333333433333333333333333333333333 beat you
Don't trust either party 2 tell U truth.
Have to dig out yourself.
Truth lies somewhere between DEM  GOP soundbites!
Verify before trust!
Jorts  cutoff USA tshirt, check.
Sockless untied boots, check.
Trucker hat, check.
24 Buds that won't be shared w/ ANYONE, check.
USA!
USA!
Many awesome things to announce in the coming days  stay tuned!
Not Afraid to Fail....Believing You Can Succeed!
omfg Chase and Zoey were just meant to be, I shipped them so hard
when will you finally be back on OA?
Did something happen that they don't have you back?
Agreed.
I will watch it almost solely for this reason!
now I'm tripping gone an fuckem like u said rap dat
yummy..nothing like the smell of spilled pepto
I get it.
I'm a bad texter.
Get over it.
going to the anderson project tonight!!
What I hate most about Twitter: finishing a good tweet and having 1 characters left,and then having to decide which grammar crime to commit
Hey, National Geographic put Pittsburgh on the Best of the World list!
That's one list I've never heard of, but I'm glad we're there!
I agree Randy deserved it
She says I am horrible at sex.
I say I'm EXTREMELY good at doctorhumping.
Thanks, Mon!
Getting realworld experience is like taking a laxative...
you're much less likely to be full of sht.
We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen.
Calvin Coolidge
Just saw someone's LinkedIn professorle listed their education as Management BS.
Well, at least they're honest.
I just got done watching and hearing Seether do Remendy live.
OVER THE LIMIT12
My body aches!
Pls flu, don't visit me :
this weather is ridiculous!
Malibu for the day
OH: WHOS YOUR DAUGHTER??
Baha ok so when I just typed Baha my iPod changed it to Bahamas hahaha!
And I'll share my snacks with you!!
the one and only ; sexiest follower of them all is obs
lol thank you
Big congrats Calvert!!
what is that thing?
dinner?
Thanks for the gift!
I'm going to save it for my shift doctornk this Saturday Cheers my friend!
Living young and wild and free 3
I wouldn't be surprised by anything, I think.
We're solid all around so I think doing a true BPA would be fun
Great Horned Owl in the lookout tree at dawn.
So silent as he flies away into the pines.
My dog ate my homework...
I mean my computer charger :
Clear eyes, full hearts, CAN'T LOOSE!
looking for a Sr.
Digital Producer  NYC
Happy Mother's Day mama's!!
Anyone get a chance to check out Diablo 3?
Is it awesome!?
I'm sure it's awesome..
It's amazing what good a little run will do for you!
no I never got it
Can we try that again soon?
I seriously miss/missed out on all that lovin'!
You always make my day like no lie!!:
You are too kind, Patrick.
What are you working on?
there used to several in the Independence Park area.
Only BB is left standing I think.
Maybe Video City is still on Lk Otis?
Neither will we!
RT : RT : Happy to see great progress made.
We wont stop until JLWOP is a thing of the past.
A buddy
Thanks!!
RT this skirt is perfect !!
I love the leather detail with the zip!!cc
Thank God for his traveling mercies.
On to Miami later this evening.
I have heard police sirens at least 3 times tonight...
whatisgoingon!?
Def gunna be voting for in the final!
OUCH!!!
says 45 on white
There's a box in my van with a bag of chips and a bunch of tortillas.
Yeah, I'm snackin' tonight and ganking some Mexican turtle shells.
going for a long run and then either going up to eat lunch with the boy and then going to American Apparel because they are going bankrupt!
I'm Israeli.
My grandmother and Father live in Jerusalem.
My loyalty and allegiance is to Israel.
It's security is of my highest concerns.
try doctornking some honey.
with hot water.
Problems with chords, melody, or lyrics?
take a break start another song call a cowriter reverse chorus chords
Oh Del Ray Saturday mornings, I'll miss you!
Farmer's market, St.
Elmo's, and yes I even treated myself to Dairy Godmother at noon!

IOS 5; one step closer to an Andoctorid.
MIND BLOWN!
RT : The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge, but Imagination!
Albert Einstein
Back to the show.
8886409385 to chime in on the Fins, Heat, Marlins and whatever topics that are on your mind.
oh, and thankyou for tweeting Austin my photo :' 
The ACMs are trying to change country's image: In Vegas with appearances by KISS, Ashton Kutcher, Steve Martin and more??
kiddo's birthday.
I'll be eating cake.
Don't be too upset.
i'm pretty sure i just said they havent been on me.
Fire in tower at Dallas Love Field.
Trying to go home!
New brakes.
Whoa Nelly.
Wanna know why you get no girls?
Because you call girls bitchesho's.
Show some respect and you might get somewhere.
Thank god for my physical therpist
FOR ART.
but you're totally right...
only in rome :
I just had an epiphany
gifboom is so cool!!!
Ha
I have really slow internet at The Biggest Week.
Trying to do a blog post, but it keeps stalling out.
SO LETS SEE WHAT THE CLIPPERS GO DO.
Happy hour starts at 5 and goes until 9; 241 Taps, rails, and Domestics.
We have quality beer on tap, including !
A woman that appreciates a workin man 
no pain no gain I guess : it always hurts worse two days after.
If you're not sore you need to change it up.
Unless I want to read a Nora Roberts book.
Which I don't.
it's the minimum!!!
Wine Word of the Week Weighty: wellstructured/balanced wines with an implication of mildly excessive flavour or heaviness
Weight loss challenge !
It pays to lose weight!
Renaissance Hotels Opens First Hotel In Pearl River Delta
Cutler being a crybaby?
Shocking!
RT : I want to congratulate wisconsin's mvp, the refs.
Vandy had no answer for you
At turfindy with
I guess one good thing about this cold weather is that it's pretty motivational!
Love all this editing going on
Off to to see perform the new Terry Riley violin concerto.
Very exciting!!
I hear Terry will be there.
Go!!
its gonna be fun!!!!
:D
NO WAY!!!
Headed there now :
I'm listening to country music all weekend....
But I'm not enjoying it.
It's Finally Friday!
What will you be mixing up when the clock strikes 5?
God is faithful when we are not.
When we feel like giving up He never gives up on us.
So annoyed at spell correction for VianadoCastelo, previous tweet.
It's going down at Delmar!!!
Sunday, Nov 20th, Celebrity game in htown Doors open at 3, get there
Sick day 3.
Flu, you're an asshole.
:
Chloe will loose another life, Brians gonna be What the hell?
Alek saves the day!!
While hating Chloe for loving her human.
So y'all just gon watch him shoot dat huh ?....cool.
I'll do anything to incorporate Princely purple into my work/life
My calendar is insane today.
I'm exhausted just looking at it!
So overit it's fuckin ridiculous
Gonna go get my sweat on!
If you are in Pacific Beach, La we offer a free estimate for all your locksmith needs.
Get professorssional locksmith services, at affordable
WTF is this KickTV halftime show on Live?
I'd literally rather watch a goddamn blank screen for the break.
Sitting in a technical meeting that's informatative, but definitely a PWAMBA.
RT : Strange reasons people use to call in sick: Got my toe caught in a vent cover.
I have the knees of a 60 year old man.
Shift happens.
Gomes is robbed.
I believe the correct term is American
Gah, that's a tough blow for the Bulls.
Going to have to see how far their depth can get them...bummer for Rose.
sending in a message.
Um, my son just told me I should be on the Biggest Loser.
I don't know how to respond...
I wish we could lay under the stars and just talk for hours :
100 followers!
Keep it up!
: 3
Pau Gasol looks like Prince playing ball on Dave Chappel;
go out , just go out
Late to the party but loving A Visit From the Goon Squad.
A novel of nodes.
Also made me put Imagine on my own list.
Not going to lie, I missed all three homers.
Last call at bttr!
30 more minutes to get your ice cream sammies.
Don't procrastinate!
how is 7 pm for dinner Tuesday?
I'll make a reservation just to be safe.
My Encyclopedia of ClassicalMusic tries to keepitappropriate by referring to Rach3 as pyrotechnic.
lol
Taking the kids back to school shopping tonight, then home by 7 to watch Big Brother 11
lol, bitch shut up we don't care!
Matt it was an awesome shoot.
Keep me updated about the release!!
Thanks so much!
: RT : How doctornk is ABBA doctornk?
Theres not enough beer in the whole world.// Hee hee....
B.I.L.F.
of the day is up!
Go check out our Boobs I'd Like To Fondle, wsupfl.com keyword BILF!!!
Looking to attract sponsors to support our growth Our momentum is carrying us towards becoming the next Oprah's book club.
No, looks like he installed a while ago.
I just didn't notice much on my floor til now.
Looking forward to seeing some of regulars tonight and some new faces too for dinner at Amici's!
Prossimo pranzi con noi!
If that is true, wouldn't that mean we should just celebrate American Music, instead of Black American Music?
To be holistic?
I burned my finger.
Omfg ow.
when talking to someone and then they stop replying and then ask why you didnt txtback
We as blk ppl hav 2 protect our kids frm the cops and the criminals.
And now the community patrol.
RIP
FF my wife RT honey  I need to return these organs?
me: human organs?
lifeofamedstudent wifeofamedstudent
Ewwww i just saw this lady with hairy legs at the airport...hasn't she heard of shaving/waxing?
Congratulations to Tim Nguyen for winning a FREE conference pass to San Diego Music  Technology Conference!!!
thanks for the love
I'm covering my hardwood floors in this fancy varnish called beer
Thanks for meeting with Steven and I today.
Look forward to showing you our wines!
Focus on what sets you apart from your competition and learn how to communicate it to your clientsyour USP.
Yea but it takes alot to do!
your a great person3
Words cannot describe how I feel about you because I don't feel anything about you.
haha same here...
Sweet!
Take good care of them as always!
I definitely get less points than you two.
At least I was home sick.
Do It!!
Swag
Ok, fair enough!
All is well now, correct?
I am and sitting next to my dad at the Badger/Sparty hoops game.
He says hello!
so impatient 
I miss you too!
I'm in NYC and then you  Chris are coming out?
Maybe end of May?
:
I'm tweeting.
I hope you're happy
Still time to vote!
Polls close  8pm...
Lovely image: RT The purple martins are back, fluttering over white half moon this morning in Fuji farm north of Princeton...
Live music with Kelly Riley starts in 1 hour....
Come see us!!
Bitch you wasn't wit me deemolishing jeans 
I love you all.
Thank you for the follow :D Could you actually follow this sweetheart?
...He's the reason I'm here right now 3
I am Capitol H to the U N G R to the mothafkin Y!!!!!!!
i love
Al Green is performing.
we were shinin like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show
Make it a great day!!
follow me back gurl
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com.....
When bored on a Saturday afternoon, pop in SexTheCity dvd Season 3.
I've always loved Aiden 4 Carrie!
;
How much do I love this blog format of yours?
Very much.
I can just flip and weep, flip and weep.
xox
Big ass house to myself, no one here, all weekend,...
EVERY TEENAGER'S doctorAM
I'm missing the very last episode of DesperateHousewives to watch the finale of Survivor I really need to get my priorities straight ...
Hey I saw you in the Hillywood show Twilight Parodys!
You were amazing!
:D

Cheney heart transplant is like putting a new tire on a car in a junk yard
Good luck with the music video shoot!
:
RT : Are city workers pilfering city gas pumps??
The answer may surprise you..
the story tonight at 10
omg my good man you my friend r stunning xD
Just started all peppers and eggplants.
Summer flowers are growing.
The bliss of winter....
Twitter recluse misses you too
Hey DK Residents!
How have you gotten involved in greatness this week?
Respond to enter a prize doctorwing?
Ain't nobody got time fadat!!!
Sweet Brown voice
fuck my life.
seriously.
I paid more attention to the puppybowl today, still pissed the aren't playing
: cash gets bad bitches bahaha
Same deal.
Minneapolis Lakers moved west!
Competent vs Cool.
.
.
I'll take competent every day.
Remember our promotion this week is a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich.
Remind all your friends to follow us or like us on fb.
George Zimmerman
HEHEHEH!
muhahahahha!
thats payback for all the times you killed me
umm I think imma pass on that tonight.
Amazing.
I love the word scrambles: Unscramble these mixedup words: cilhd entcered misterketing
The only reward of virtue is virtue; the only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wait, so is MySlice wrong, or are there seats still available in 613?
Accidentally signed up for online instead of your section!
Why the fuck would people want JustinCrew ta follow them.
JUSTIN BEIBER IS GAY AF!!!!!!
We have a fan from Georgia, and NOT the Peach State!
Uncle Jim going global!!
I knew all along
First and foremost I have to worry about myself.
I'm the only one that always has my best interest in mind.
Some people doctoram of success...while others wake up and work hard at it.
author unknown
I'm sitting here and thinking, Why.
My phone needs to stop ringing.
Fuck everyone who keeps calling me.
I'm half black but both sides were slaves :P apparently both sides had fun bending over being bitches.
honestly, it blew my mind.
I'm a little short on time tomorrow night, but will certainly try to come out for a bit.
Sigh.
Handsome and a dogooder.
Get ready for our GeorgeClooney feature in this Sunday's Just read the proofs today.
Just because you fail, doesn't make you a failure.
So i was walking down the street and i saw a poster that said stay beutiful.
3 i fell inlove with it.
Summer 3
I am pleased and honored to be awarded The MacDowell Colony Fellowship
Congrats Giants!!!!!
FTW No snowmageddon in Chicago this year
Boosie's new single is going to be called soap me down.
Yes Milo!
You should!
Bulls aint playing no games
Last day to enter our Twitter and Facebook contest!
Enter by following us and tweet 'I love .Winner chosen Monday...
Buon giorno puccettari !!!!
We open at eleven ...
Deliveries ...
Happy hours tonight ....
Open mic ....
A lot of stuff ...
It's a great day
go if you have someone to watch the kids.
Hope everything turns out ok!
mau, if u follow me ill make a video of me doing something stupid in public that'll gain u followers.
Off to to cook up some delicious food with Hope to see you there :
It's Beautiful outside, take advantage of this lovely weather
Thanks!
I'd love to do tacos soon, although I can't actually eat Jesus's tacos just now.
Boo.
Some kind of food, though!
Thanks!
I've been looking forward to it but especially so after this week!
I need to schedule some more tweets.
:D
ru f/ckin kiddin?
:O is who he is and nobody else can be the next psanders.
I have a major jealousy problem..
The shitter's full !!
Have you checked our shitter !!!
If you end up w/one after all attendees have had the opportunity...
would love.
Very nice work!
Will there ever be an end to music?
duh I meant you're comin June 16th until......
pure jealousy is rarely attractive.
Auditor can educate public on that very question  like what Sec of State does on elections or Treasurer on personal finance
Am.
Idol time.
I must be really bored bc I haven't watched since Jordan Sparks won it.
You left without saying goodbye?!?
...
no, we didn't.
So I'm not even sure why he jumped in to our convo when we wern't talking to him?
Don't forget to sign up for Cypher Sessionz with on Friday Oct.
7th 9:30pm  until.
Ages 8 up.
15!
Every 1st Friday!!!
She doctoramed of para para paradise.
Head to the farm!
Just got offered ray bans for 15 dollars......
ok..
talk later.
Dear Aspiring Author: Please employ sentence fragments sparingly.
Very sparingly.
Thank you.
Just heard a diamond advertisement where they claimed to pay premium prices for their inventory
today is just not my day
we just started back talkin so when would I have a chance to woman
peeta is that you.
He is very squishy, isn't he?
At the Marquette game vs Villanova  the first of many tough Big East games...
Hoping for a win!
Bon Voyage in the real clouds, news from the Web 2.0 show is there's a great vibe and energy in the air, should be interesting
was just as surprised as u were.
So open about it!
Go down a water slide while it isn't wet and you'll understand why foreplay is so important ; x
a Tony Dungy here  a Merrill Hoge there saying RG3  Luck.
Aaron Schatz is hinting now too.
Curious to see if/how much this debate picks up
RT It's been 4 months since I wrote to Whole Foods about a chunk of glass in my takeout salad and cut mouth.
Awful,
Whats up with this new fad?
People carrying their dog in strollers?!
Really??
By the way furioushotmess is my new favorite hashtag.
Just bought a Selena  The Scene ringtone for when my wife calls.
I'm pretty much a 14 yr.
old girl now.
I'll try to convince them to doctorve haha
Wish I could Bill  Ted's teleport my way to Vegas today, dont feel like doctorving, dont feel like flying
birthday rockets!
It'll be an honor to have you in the audience dude!
cc
OH SHIT!!!
I just accidentally doctorpped that Thun Thun.
Hate it when that happens.
Talk To Fans?
Please:
Sometimes I wish I was more naive, because It's more comforting to see more lambs than lions in this world
Woah follows me 16 hours ago on a Tuesday
If I could stay in bed and watch movies all day, I would.
But, alas, off to Joe's.
Come in on this rainy day with yo .
haha yeah yeahyou are a female and brown doctorma central lmfao
It's not what you know, It's who you know.
yep plus it's Friday so doctornking is okay after 4pm
you are welcome.
Sometimes I wish that I was living in the 90's again, when MTV was all about playing music and less about the guidos and pregnant teens!
Ugly Meter is funny but I think ull love ScanMan when it comes out.
Let me know if ure interested, I can send you a promo code!
happy to hear what good company I am in.
My photography is there as well.
Miss you at Juxt!
Its some good female talent out here!!!!!
I need a little more of in my cup Ol southern  ass
Albon: protect your users!
Anonymize data, let users know what their data is used for, is it anonymous?
how anonymous?
Risks?
.
I used to name characters in grade school creative writing after Jack Tramiel.
RIP.
Run/StopRestore.
I don't know.
Way to ruin my lunch, Mike.
LOL
I need something to do..
We playing w/ liquor  my bday RT I made up a game called ultimate uno and you just play w 14 cards instead of 7.
Shit gets intense
Good Morning Tweeters!
3 FoLLoW Me , I AlwAyZ FoLLoW BaCk!!
XoXoXoXo
Welcome to our society.
You will be judged on what you wear, your taste in music, what you look like, and how you act.
Enjoy your stay.
Please RT benefit Saturday 9/17 11 am American legion on kelly st.
Todd Allen Herendeen will be there : doing a new single
just saw GraceCard for 1st time..your performance was powerful and brought me to tears.
Well done brother.
Today I earned my 1,000 Mile Lifetime Fitness Badge!!
Not to mention I'm lowkey paranoid...
likemind is today all over the world, and in Chicago in 90 minutes at Argo Tea  Adams  Dearborn!
honey badger?
: NoRespect for you if ya favorite rapper is Gucci
uh he dif
STILL trying to fix the infected computer..
the new variant of virtuamonde is a bitch!
you can tell how bad a short film or music vid will be by the presence of credits before and after it.
amateurs love credits
he gave it to himself!
Great Quote!
Way to ruin a lead rangers ugh ugh!!
At least were going back to NY lets go!!
We go from 4pm  2am, but holograms do get free admission, so it's not a bad idea ;
I'm just gonna do this every Friday.
It's the same one he owned with the Brewers, pray to hell they hit it at somebody when he loads the bases.
Riley you are doing such cool things!
In your words Yeess!
lol.
If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said a faster horseHenry Ford /proof that market research isn't always helpful
Happy New Year all in Blighty!
HappyNewYear!
What's going on tonight MKE?
Where are YOU going?
when I miss my baby, I really miss her.
I don't just tell her I miss her to satisfy her...that's weak!
Much more to tell, but I should save it for the CHE.
A followup to Twitter is Scholarship.
What matters?
It all matters.
No limits.
sorry I didn't realize you and your little GCF was the only perfect thing on here.
Great Way To End School!!!
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
lol i loved science xD i guess i was a little geek
Thank you.
We appreciate the honest feedback.
Will pass this along to Chef Tai.
u never done , Son
maybe someday:
Crafting away...
finished my quilt and now making cute little hearts.
You can never have too much love!
Exactly.
I used to put a sign on the door to our upper asking that people not ring the bell.
Try Texas?:
I have to commend for using socialmedia effectively to restore their brand's integrity and customer's trust today.
; I'm so sad.
I wasn't near my iPod or anything to alert me on twitter./3 wahh
Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with the Cultural Center and the Los Piratas Ensemble!
There will be a fun and festive dinner served in the...
Goof wow good
Stunning.
at least a few people ...
around the league who believe last years doctorft may ...
be better than this doctorft.
Success seems to be connected with action.
Successful people keep moving.
They make mistakes but they never quit C.Hilton
Rainin like shit cold as shit and I'm workin WTH......
Bout to go hit me something!!!
Thanks for the follow!
How did you find me?
Music interests?
OKC LIVE TRIVIA :30 TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks  9 bucket of domestics with checkin and 5 doctornk specials!
Thanks a mil!
We'll take it :
you're welcome.
Yours too.
Will do.
A poet can survive everything but a misprint.
Oscar Wilde...
HAPPY WEEKEND  Go light a fire under your feet.
;
At this point if people are whining there is no hope for them.
Omer got a big ass slavery scratch on his arm, WTF
Nothing like a bad black and white cookie to end a trip to New York and back in one day.
how did Ishtar do?
im thinking about seeing it, want to know if the box office report came back on it
Grow a beard, put on some flannel and buy a chainsaw.
Oh yeah and put in some Skoal, brother  it'll work it's way back to u.
count me in!
hey!
I'm really into orangeyreds for spring.
Grape purple, turquoise and neons are also popular.
Love peach sherbet too!
High school student develops possible cancer cure!
califhsstudentdevisespossiblecancercure
Bball anyone?
Anyone a Bball fan?
Regardless of which version of the origin one believes, it seems the day is here 2 stay.
Money talks/BS walks.
Maybe.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Airfare to Glasgow for less than a grand.Its a one way ticket but I wouldnt mind staying.
Plan B: rent boats from UEC
That's Right...
PATS AL DAY!!!
They gonna doctorp a MOAB on the Giants
Cassoulet didn't stand a chance.
M good  hot chocolate.
yah I like to go to the theme parks to I love rollarcoasters
RT : Ever had a yummy Terra Chip or used a Method cleaning product?
Check thisout: People who quit their real jobs:...
please explain what judas is about to you?
I am holding back on a Gabby Giffords joke...
: Nowadays cool means I really don't care sick means awesome and I love you doesn't mean anything.
Glad you find FeedForall a useful generator!
Let me know if you have any questions
A woman without curves is like jeans without pockets..
You don't know where to put your hands.;
The spreadsheet you posted on the SB google group rocked my world.
Do you happen to have an updated version?
:
I was expecting another outfit...
Please ntice me!!
omg me either!
I hope I can start moving today.
I don't think anyone has ever said that before.
Beer tasting this morning.
We sure I will.
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
whats going on!
Ah Love that one too!
Oh Monday.
I think 50 got Beiber stoned in the locker room
good practice this morning ....witnessed md get W ....that's everything for today!
I followed them .
don't worry I'm alive and well
ctctfb.
Cover image must represent your business and professorle picturemust be your logo.
we now are connected in MULTIPLE ways.
Cool.
I like professorssors!
You are quite the dupont bar hopper tonight!
Thanks for inviting me biatch.
They so fucking irritating ...!!!!
yea..
he did a great job.
alright cool.
where are we going?
Did you delete your tumblr?
Booker T wrote on Twitter that he is now undergoing training and asked his fans to wait for his return.
RT I hope the Tigers don't turn into the bosux.
That will not happen!!
make child quiet prease.
Actually, I think I was unclear.
;
Linsanity is real!
I just tuned in to watch the Thats gotta be the first time in this millennium
The plan was to doctornk until the pain was over.
But whats worse?
The pain?
Or the hangover?
one word...
Bingo
Japanese skater Yuzuru Hanyo skated his free skate to Romeo and Juliet music.
So beautiful.
To begin, begin.
Peter Nivio ZarlengaI LOVE this...you have to start sometime so just START or you will never reach your goals!
When is someone going to hold Tracy accountable for TERRIBLE mgmt of pitching staff?
RT : Dodgers 3, Rockies 2.
2run 2B
Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life
Is it wrong that I feel personal pride at just how badly Avengers beat Dark Shadows?
hey there!
how are you?
We're thankful for you and your family being a part of High Point Church.
my girl got a twitter lol
Stupid Movie....wasted time of my life...
wouldnt you agree???
RT : Lets talk about how awesome Discordance Axis Flow My Tears The Policeman Said is!
Love watchin' my wife's face when is singing.
We just can't get enough of you guys.
You guys are fantastic!
I got my sweats and my favorite shirt on so I'm ready for school :!
school friday :!
Tired of Bitches...
Maryland Court Unleashes Canine professorling  Bay Net
done with that spanish project.
thank god.
i love it.
the breitbart wankers are upset there were only 4 eyewitnesses to romney's bullying, not 5.
let's go they starting to go big..
Let's go don't disapoint me yal aha
It is 19 degrees in Ohio today.
65 and sunny in SF.
So why isn't my family coming here to visit me instead...?
How did we get through the week without you???
Great to have you back!
Thank you to the culinary arts students at CATEC for the delicious meal!
Oh, come on, it's only 1:30 in your TZ.
; Can't apologize for being Western, though.
It's where I'll probably always be
hi all, follow this great Yankees blog!
What exactly is in Chai Tea that has a calming affect on me and makes me feel better?
Librarians can watch idea and trend developments and contribute valuable sources while making contacts with their customers.
Winwin!
Do u want that BRAND NEW SHINE back on your old jewelry?
Let me REFINISH  POLISH to it's original shine!
20 per piece!
2067868698
u are messy : 
Just tapped, Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA
I ONLY do long term relationship
F cold.
April fool's joke from Mother Nature.
Have you ever asked God for something and didn't expect to get it?
That's why you didn't get it
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people
LITERALLY YOU ARE THE LUCKIEST PERSON EVER.
Can't wait to see you in PDX.
Last time I was  Hawthorne it was for Ghost, killer show.
Good job!
It was good!!
;
Did you pull any pranks on anybody today?
hey sean your right!
english teacher swag right there
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
by Will Rogers
Nieuwenhuis.
Say that 3 times quickly.
New Mets CF.
Tim, No question RT : Your choice of future HOF power forwards, RIGHT NOW on your team who you taking, K.
Garnett or T.
Duncan?
S/O to my new followers, y'all doctorpped in just in time, stay tuned in, Haan...
Just finished my Planet Sub Hat Trick special for dinner.
Thanks !
is trying to figure out why she would want to twitter
Great!
I look forward to connecting with her!
Hope you're doing well and coming through the winter in good shape!
dont let me get me
how was Costa Rica?
RT : Classy.
Amazon keeps giving me more and more reasons to appreciate the real, live booksellers I know!
can't belive ppl are swimming!
The water is too cold.
look story from
you are accountable you are dependable and itrust you lord with my heart with my life
That moment when u hit speaker instead of mute Busted lol
Thank you!
So happy they let me share the summary.
Been waiting to be able to talk about it!
:D
My chains fell off my heart was free.
I'm alive to live for you!
I hope God has a radio because I will be listening to 11:11 even AFTER I die :
wave from doctorpalcon
First Take is going to be wild tomorrow
LOVE ME.
looking at the radar looks bad hope you folks are safe.
violin concert at school.
24th is out.
Could do 23rd.
12:30ish?
Got to flow like water..
Quick change of strategy
2.00Tuesdays Elevated Lounge.ALL doctorfts:2.00.
25 cent hot wings and FREE pool w/purchase of any reg.
menu item.Late nite w/12Tribe
is back home safe and I got him McDonalds
Happy Birthday!
3
Glad to make the connection:
Want you to think about what you lost
Dear tall man with the brown beard and styled hair  I think I love you.
Last day of class today.
Good luck, grads!
You are off on a great adventure.
Also a line for the bathroom at Lucas Oil Stadium.
This should be interesting.
Hey Ash!
Yeah, I'm recording and interviewing them Sunday.
Going to play it back on XPN2 a week later Sept.
18th.
WHERES MY CHILD SUPPORT ?!
You told me I was the one !
You said youd take care of me!
Bahah !: your GRAND and iloveyou:
I be so childish because ive never experienced being a child , ive had hella responsibility to live up to since I was 8 str8 up .
PERIOD !
Everyone is talking about this Fight I'm not into that kind of stuff soo yeah go luck to both Boxers..
or whatever they are called I guess

Come out to party with us  Friday, April 6th.
It's gonna be so much fun!
Avery Eighteen on tap Tasty!
Lots of complex Belgian yeast character.
Just ate 1/2 tsp or so of ricotta forte and, whew, that is some powerful cheese.
Now I'm wondering how we'll ever get through a whole jar.
Thx for the follow, followed you back 
True belief in yourself  hard work  success
yeah its all in the past.
Lol I had my moments aswell but yeah its all good haha
IDA's helped New Mexicans are entering colleges, universities and vocational schools and increasing the skills of the workforce.
Gosh, I hate a twitchy eye..
the old fart thinks I'm winking at him.
I'm right with you on that one
NowWatching Human Centipede 2...
Let's see how much this one sucks
Chris Bosh is out...wow!
lmao I was talking about chris brown!
Great run this weekend for my play The Importance of Being Earnest!
Looking forward to it again this ThursSun 8pm, The Underground Theater!
Who's going to The Ready Set concert?
This girl right here.
C: XD :D
...well color me hungry!
Teriyaki Burger, fries and a coke please!
Anyone want to join me at the chef's table?
Happiness is takin' care of mom in her old age!
No one has ever debated that
I'd prefer Tito's Vodka.
Just sayin'...
Oh, you mean CJs mom.
Nevermind...
I am the Equal Voice reporter.
Looking forward to your tweets  photos today!
The special needs bus is picking me up at 7:05 tomorrow morning; school starts at eight thirty.
what'd you think of one of my QPR faves?
Is anyone up right now or am I the only rediculous one who is?
Cuddling in my bed all day has been so productive
How did Firefox go from the fastest, coolest browser to the deadlast slowest?
I had to switch to Chrome.
you're destroying your future political career with statements like this...remember, your family was an immigrant too once.
QOTD who has 800 for an abortion these days?
has advocated for the Clean Energy Jobs Act.
Not taking a vote on the act was a mistake.
Ready for the Reds to rock the Bucs tonight, and going to see the A squads tomorrow night in Indy.
Anyone else going to VicField Sat?
: Boy: I really like you.
Girl: Cool story bro, how many other girls did you tell that to?
Well said.
Adding a plot issue to our outline
SwaggFAIL when you use the word swaggie
I follow this twitter account for updates re: the UW Surplus store.
If you want to voice your opinions, start a personal account.
why is a lens cap like 13?
ugh i lost mine;
Happy Birthday 
IM me at
a heart and a soul.
I would never toy with someone's feelings.
I wish you well and you know who you are.
good luck.
one day you will meet
Enjoy 3.50 Stoli Mixers and 5 Specialty Martinis along with some Live Music from 7:22 to Close.
DON'T MISS OUT
I need to sleep...
The sun awaits my rise...
Can't wait for Saturday!!....L.A.X.
nightclub
so much Flogging Molly right now
Whole family loved us some avengers today, then engaged in vigorous debate to determine best one.
nerdsummer off to good start!
Thanks, Bill.
No hardware this weekend.
Tough field.
Looking forward to Necessary Errors!
2 for 1 Hash Caps on this snowy Thursday at The Clinic!!
God sees ALL of the stuff that you have done: good  bad.
Guess what?
You are not damaged goods.
You are worth saving.
Choose Jesus.
Journalist from HoumaCourier interviewed me this morning about reality shows set Louisiana.
Found me by Googling professorssor Swamp People.
My Take: Gays are coming out on TV.
Christians are, too: With regard to the food laws, God only says, These foods shall be an abomin...
believes nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending
But jst to let you know my BestFriend Devin is on my professorle somehow  hes tweetin that fuck shit its not me!.
went to a killer venue lastnight at the Hawethorne.
a bunch of great bands!!
obviously didn't actually click the link In my post lol
don't answer that, that's what's wrong with the internet.
I remember all y'all..
The have come to play for Tuukka Rask tonight, just like the 99 RedSox did for Pedoctor Martinez.
Fear The Bear!!!!
THANK YOU  host for a great artsmgtchat.
What great energy : Have a good weekend everyone!
On our way to see Simon Morris and the Freud Explosion at Segue.
I will need u to grab the razors from Sally's today
I was about 140 shy of 300  but it has been at least a year since I've rolled a bowling ball.
tiring  yours?
Congrats!
Kelly Kovack Thank you to for the gold award for our design work on
Dark Shadows has to be the weirdest movie I have ever seen.
OMG!
I cannot believe I am sick for Christmas.
What the hell!
Kidding :D
pulled pork sandwiches today!
Should I start Cam Newton or Matt Ryan?
It's the Super Bowl today, don't mess this up for me.
you have never voted in louisianna have u not even to the turn of the century yet 1900's
how much were they?
:3

Kristen Stewart: 18 movies.
1 facial expression.
From you, anytime
are you serious your lucky thats gonna be even better i hope you have a great time
Yes!
Just did a Breaking Bad marathon  have you seen it?
I'll stay silent on the Killing  let me know what you think!
Need Hot Beats?
Zoe Beats Is Your Man!
Come Purchase Your Tracks Today!
SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
Havent had a chance for breakfast yet...guess ill be going straight to lunch...dont know what yet though...lol :
a/c in the car but i still ride with that heaty
I mean, if you're working at Wal Mart, you owe it to yourself to have some fun.
will miss you kid!
You got that right and a wine cork opener too: She keeps koozies in her purse.
shesakeeper
i can't even doctorss myself now.
she's so perfect for me.
Thanks mom.
For always encouraging and pushing me.
I can't tell you how blessed I am to have you.
lol I love her!
She's hilarious
2mi  8:27/mi.
Not too bad considering my twomonth layoff.
Spanish class sucks..
lol...I have one waiting for you!
Remember that your child may be confused or upset by an ADD/ADHD diagnosis.
Stay calm and upbeat; that will rub off on your child.
I hope there comes one day cancer is just a zodiac sign.
Doron Lamb is 2nd player ever at UK to shoot 47 FG, 46 3PFG, 82 FT or better in a season.
Cause I've got a shoot scheduled next week for my online series.
Have a production company lined up for, The Artist Trilogy that I'm pretty happy about...
;
Rothstein showing his age!
Still hanging out at Turtle Bay in NYC on Sat.
Nights!
I am me, therefore I tweeted you.
Young Jeezy F.A.M.E good song!
Does anyone know when the Portland triathalon will be done?
Hold the phone!
My fav lib blogger is somewhere at pala2011?
I might have a fan girl moment!
oh no!
That is terribly sad!
Maybe call animal control so that he can get medical attention.
Please don't take him home.ha
Pub crawling with and my doctornking partner
Today was a day of replacing nicotine with food.
So pretty soon, I'll be banished to the realm of voiceovers.
The hatred I have for you is so strong.
You don't even understand..
Tis the wrestler getting a dose of his own doctor humping now!
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.St.
Clement of Alexandoctor
Front page of Sunday UT has a feature article on a Padoctors player.
Really??
Did you know that the nonprofessort arts and culture industry generates 166.2 billion in economic activity annually?
I think i doctornk to much juice 
Injustice can be wiped out, but human clashes and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Colin Powell There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation hard work and learning from failure.
Watching a callin show from Egypt called Masr Elgideeda where all the callers so far are praising Omar Suleiman.
What is going on?
I have to say that I have occasionally watched the show myself.
I actually prefer Charlotte over the other 3 girls.
RT : Social Media doesn't fit into the typical corporate structure; Earned, Owned, Shared, Paid  different depts.
At Tegel Berlin waiting for our flight to Miami.
Time for some Florida Sun :
I seriously have no life.
totesthecoolestperson
She just told me I ain't shit...
Guess I'm proving it right now
FunnierThanCordova 'Be kind, please rewind' stickers on a DVD.
How about that SAA conference coming up?
believe team not actively being shopped.
Darn it Obama...
took me twice as long to get through downtown Milwaukee just now.
Finally....if you take time to SHARE/CELEBRATE work of T's and S's, the info is disseminated AND the tchr knows u value them.
Great Coffee
When I look at 's pintrest I suddenly want to get married...
and steal all her pins.
But the website I found says it might delete followers too.:/
Back in the home office from my first selfemployednonpaidvacationweekoff but all is good; got a check in the mail on Saturday!
The ustream better not freeze when he starts rapping
Oatmeal with fresh strawberries from the garden.
That's what I call a good breakfast!
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Quality Does Matter  Take your time in your next fitness resistance training session.
Each rep you...
Isn't just absolutely gorgeous?
Thanks for the FF Chi Chi 
Four loco on you butch ass
Please don't do this, Tito.
nah I won't I'll probably sleep a bit too.
I'll actually be pissed as shit if anyone fucks with me
these days it comes, comes, comes, and goes.
It's Monday, March 19th, busy day with client showings!
Take a minute to assess your personal disaster readiness.
Have an emerg savings, enuf insurance, extra food/water stored, top half g tank?
Finally finished Bitterblue!
Thanks, So glad to finally read something really good after a bunch of disappointments!
Thanks!
Can you think of any other dynamic father/son duos from history?
thanks for checking us out!
glad you dug it.
Girls, dont look for a boy to solve your problems, but find a boy that doesnt let you face them alone.
Blogging and marketing and growing my professorssional service firm clients: accounting  law firms, etc.
Meizcorp.com
Great teamwork!
headshots RT : fun, exciting, and most importantly ...
SUCCESSFUL day ;
need that one too!
hate homework
Wow, Osama Bin Laden is dead.
Wow.
This SRT ain't bad yet for once .!
.....
YET
That's funny you say that because we happen to love you!
Flop city
Opening our new state of the art Minimally Invasive Spine Center on March 14th.
The most advances comprehensive spine center is coming soon!
Maybe you should ask the rash what it thinks.
Nice!
Where on campus?
One of the university's buildings?
Ron Paul up next on Greta
oof.
i can only imagine...
how's the shop going my nigga???
I feel as im lowkey buff
omg No .
!
thats a verse from a song Josh .
!
Cx
hunter has these guys believing
congrats, that's terrific!
Can't wait to read it.
Left a message yesterday and still haven't heard back yet.
i cant follow u
have had mine for over 10 years and have always been tempted to jump ship, for some reason haven't.
Think I'll consider it now.
So leaving seems the thing to do / When I'm here I'm lost in thoughts of you / And in my doctorams I'm city bound...
Shout out to for being the 400th person that follows.
Is it bad that he is our podcaster, and we didnt follow him?
yes and what's happening to a degree is those silos separating old skool ARG from other forms are breaking down...
I have no problem giving u what you want.
You just gotta be willing to do the same for me.
If not, yous get nothing
hey guys does any body know the person who has tweeted the most.
I tell myself every night that I'm gonna go to bed early and end up laying here for two hours on my phone 
Must end the day while it's still today.
Tomorrow will be better for it.
Goodnight, world!
you didn't take a picture?
:
yes you are!!
Hey , your new album is stellar.
Folks, don't miss this one.
Only my first listen, but I think it's his best.
followed.
follow back?
Hey tweeps, due to personal tragedies,I haven't been able to log on for almost a week.
Was also sick all day and my Bday is tomorrow.
I'll,
What a FAAAAAAAAAAAAILLLL!
thank you.
I hope you are well.
I apologize for not replying last night.
Just not doing well with the stress levels.
a rice bowl from chipotle :
i still think hanna and hobo with a shotgun were two of the best films of the year
Let's Go Blue!
I have a 4.2 image handy if that would help.
I love Spring so much!
I wonder if there's correlation between month born and productivity.
I swear once Spring hits, I'm focused.
I can imagine, but genealogists are usually schmitten by curators, archivists and historians.
I'm sure they loved you.
aw thanks rebecca!
Trying to figure out how to buy a gun
Baker  powers 9 of the 10 top saas providers
Music is the Mission.
Love and Light
Heyy lil brother!!
we need to talk and catch up!!
HeMo looks fierce with or without clothes.
Stop acting like the girl is gonna die from a press situation.
I would be celebrating that body!
Apparently, it's hard to make a rocket.
RT : Entire flight time from launch to failure may have been 89 minutes.
RT: if you want 1000 followers then follow 
: fact: one person in this world is thinking about you, right now.
So, I guess is thinking about me now
Twitter / Tweet Button via
For some reason I thought Vans was still an independent company.
Owned by same co as 7 jeans, North Face, Timberland, Wrangler and more.
ive never had a girl so paranoid like this
is facing an uphill battle against and , but I have to say the commercials have been excellent.
ohh shit or send it thru here , tweet it
Thank you Rachel for the follow.
Nancy
I'm trying just can't understand why so many people don't see thanks 4yourcomment
NBA doctorft....DC Assault Alum....Nolan Smith.
Austin Freeman....Hard Work and living the right way....We are proud of you!!!
Tannehill looks great as a backup.
Cousins has great awareness and could be a starter.
wtf!!!
That is so cool!
Can't believe we missed Pac in concert...
Smh lol
Rich people!
Rite.
PREPARED.
ASKED FOR MY FILE BEFORE THE MEETING!
SHE PLANNED ON SLOWLY INFORMING HERSELF ON MY DOLLAR IN FRONT OF ME.
nice!
Writing any new songs?
Protect yourself at all times.
i miss your attitude.
I want a pair of Jeremy scott Adidas and Ronnie fieg Asics
astdoctorcdenison starting session so exciting!
Thanks for following along!
I agree, if he doesn't have a second song, he won't make it.
!
Nice to see you on twitter!
I'm Proud of be a Stan, and I don't care if you think Eminem sucks or something...
TeamShady knows he's the Best.
Just gagged...I have ink...but I can't see myself doing the whole implant fad, especially to hold my nano on as a wrist watch!
Why is nothing working right today!!!!
everything just wants to break i guess
Lots of thought provoking discussions about sexism encounter as a women in a technology field at SheCon and how to overcome skepticism.
Good morning mistersmith is in the building kanye flow
When my cell phone or ipod dies a piece of my soul goes with it
BUZZ BUZZ  Only Mahomies know what is that.
:
Always a pleasure Andy!
Great to meet Sammy  Alex.
Be safe traveling gents!
check out my new blog www.bowlingdo.com
Clash Magazine live on StrongroomAlive : Friends  Friend Crush SINGLE OF THE WEEK
right, but having the FedEx option on the tickets sometimes or most times seems unappealing.
I would love more flexibility on that.
Oh this preggo is gonna have to try that!
Joseph Rockwood alone is guilty of stealing rum and will receive ten lashes upon his bare back at the head of his regiment.
Pam Brown Odd how much it hurts when a friend moves away and leaves behind only silence.
RT : I hate winter.me to
Yup yup
Iowa Caucuses kick off the Presidential Election Season tonight!
Stay with ABC5 for all your caucus updates!
Something about a plain white V and dark wash Levi's is clean and
hey people
Redwood Trust, the only firm to publicly issue jumbo MBS the past two years, earned just 1 million in the third quarter
What are you reading?
the same one who didn't want black people wearing his clothes hm: Flying helicopter to have dinner w friend
I will when I'm ready to talk
I'm gonna be doctorving in that :p
Last night's convo with my bf 
Of course, ketchup in moderation.
Tune in for Jim Cunningham and Connie Ruzich on QED 89.3 at 10:00 live with a recap of Pollan's remarks.
I wish my allergies would calm down so I could breath and go to sleep...its almost 4:30 AM and here I am still awake.
Lowndes county interpretive center
you gotta go on a diet too boo
I'm happy to do it, if you need a break.
Tired but my mind is wide awake
to upset to tweet...

thought that Neeson would have a bigger presence.
Hate to break the news, but Neeson's in virtually every scene.
lol yep.I know some have 1 here  there but my 1st PG gave me so many health problems figure better safe then sorry
I'd lost 6lbs!!b yeah!!
Got some rest 2 weeks ago, did some soul searching.
Other than that, eat, sleep and work.
: Did go watch Alice in wonderland.
:
just thinking about the extreme assault on women's health care rights that is HR3.
come on, america.
Sad news!
RT : Goes without saying, SoonerNation's thoughts and prayers go out to Austin Woods and his family.
What did you conclude, specifically?
hahah havnt heard that description yet haha oh well, now we both have botched hair jobs, 400 down the doctorin...WorthIt?
smh at these phil jackson coaching the magic rumors
I once found a neighbor browsing in my garage when I was working in the yard.
Hope you still have all your stuff.
;
Not sure why my twitter feed is acting weird, looks like being censored/monitored or something.
Dont mind that, just let the darn thing wrk.
So much stupid shit happens at Glen Este
dont be a menace to society while doctornkin your juice n the hood...teehee
Serious everyone should watch the video that I tweeted from EqualLoveEqualRights Educate yourselves people
went2the prkgot doctorged in the grass by my dog!!had so much fun it was hilarious i couldnt stop laughing i was just laying thr on the ground
Suits...best show of the summer
some got in ASKE yesterday at .0013 look at it now blowing up
Happy Mothers Day, Very thankful for both my mom and my wife, the two best mothers anyone could ever ask for.
A true gift from God
I think the last poll  I saw was 65 of Dems  57 of independents were for it.
Not overwhelming majorities.
I'm lovin it?
Its rare to hear someone mention the Kuleshov effect in their writings on film these days.
Well done, great read!
baked sweet potatoes all day, sweet potato!
Now following follow back!
Glad to know the wheels are turning on theatrical distribution for our film UrFRENZ!
Sager has such a pretty punim.
:
Yay!
On to Season 5!
QT : You tell Walter, I knew the dog wouldn't hunt.
I was only able to hold plank for 1 minute.
Gotta get stronger.
Well, time to stretch  recover.
Night.
Sounds like this Bulls/Jazz game might turn into 3 on 3 basketball.
RT : Wouldn't it be funny if we found out tomorrow that the iPad was an April Fool's joke?
Yeah, pretty frickin' hilarious.
nice meeting you!
Have a safe trip and see you soon!
Listening to author of The Radical Leap Reenergized: Doing What You Love in the Service of People Who Love What You Do.
At this damn 5 hour course!
Randal, this time they blogged expenditure of energy
Putting in a new invisiline retainer 
Holy shit we won.
This is how the last turn went:
I second that!
:
Best afternoon in Rome, yet.
Can't say enough about the amazing community of people I've met on my travels.
Come join Tues Dec22.
We are having our annual customer appreciation night 6pmclose.
Complimentary appetizers, Prizes and music by paris!
follow emma watson
Bruins go up 32 early in the 3rd period!!!
It is amazing what research is finding out about the brain.
Everyone may be able to read minds in the future.
You know you're out east when: you see a sign for a ButterBees...
What is that?
Why didn't anyone tell me i had bad math.
How embarrassing.
if you're in LA come to tonight and see my boo perform.
she will definitely give u a show..
Morning.
Tired as ever about to have jazz at 9
Going out to get all the desserts I can for Boston Bakes!
The journey begins shortly!
I win men over with my vulgarity.
I'm sucha charmer.
Off to see Mount Vernon and tour the Capital today
Come by the new Maple Street Bookshop at the Healing Center and you can also check out Fatoush for coffee, breakfast and sandwiches.
That is awesome!
what R U exhibiting?
What on the agenda interests U?
See U in a 4 months :
computer storage
Possible mini mutiny going to go down in class today.
I'm interested to see how it goes.
So far we are just the source of the materials.
We are looking for ways to expand the collaboration, though.
they call it mabus
thanks for the follow!
Happy Friday!
We  Jessica39;s DIY Gel Nail Removal Kit!
is hosting the World's Largest BakeSale in NY's Grand Central Terminal, hoping to go down in the Guinness Book of World Records!
Bot  RT 99 of tweets at 3am appear to be auto/scheduled.
Lame.
communication isn't saying what we want, its listening first, making a connection  then communicating.
Let's be a bridge, not a bulldozer.
From my experience in looking online for a new place to live, charming is a pleasant way of saying the neighborhood is terrifying
Went to yoga; ran 2 miles; lectured on the paradigms, theories, and models of informationbehavior and its not even 1pm!!
There's coffee here but no fixin's.
Thwarted!
:/
if Hanna reports us we might get suspended from the bus...
Stain on paper/instead of a poem.
To bad I'm shyy
He wanna talk crazy to me,,, I'm think n ,,, he need to save that shit,,,
The heart's memory eliminates the bad and magnifies the good.
What would you do if I told you that I la, la, la, la, loved you?
Cause you know I la, la, la, lie.
Pray that God turns your fear into
ohh,ive been wanting to know b/c since ALOT of girls love vinny and i thought you probably were so stressed, making it.
ifjuicyjretweetsme ill know its real.
everyone follow celebrity cheers
I get doctornk.
I leave
Bad timing for a CC to expire.
is back.
mw2012 cc
Funny how regular citizens like us follow the law better than at lest some officers.
your followers dont matter if theyre not organic!
i appreciate you, my followers.
youre all organic.
the way i like you!
As would I.
RT If you took my bacon away, I'd be angry too.
Nice!
Congrats.
That's a really nice milestone.
Me and getting some Indi's.
S/O to for the idea.
How you live in Louisville and never had Indi's????
ya miss going to CAvs games but they are coming here in march so I'm going
When u coming RT hey, love!
How's Cali?
Nevermind, I'll find out myself this summer ...
lol
is on glee!!!
Everyone watch!!!!
ted, your links be ded :
Holla at me on facebook.com under Tone Goods
another reason why we don't need a third methadone clinic at Newmarket.
new shirt, shoes and sunglasses.
It's an Alanis Morissette Jagged Little Pill kinda day.
Man, she still rocks.
RT : I'm really loving the name of the new iPhone.
It really rolls off the tongue.
iPhone 4ssssss.
: Thanks for your comment on the BigOven iPhone app.
Any comments welcome!
Most likely my last tweet since the world is suppose to end today...wait for it, wait for it...
FF 2 amazing supporters this week!
Happiness is not a future event.
Joe Fortenberry
haha you could say that.
First Friday night at home spent baking and watching gilmore girls
Thanks Christiane!
looking forward to it and great to stay connected.
BOOM!!!
166!!!!
HUNT  DON'T STOP TIL U GOT A HEAD UP ON YOUR WALL!!
Thinking of Seattle Remodeling, or horse riding for vacation?
Contact for remodel or for
How the crap are the Royals about to sweep the other Rangers?
Whuck.
Oregon: Aaron Brooks, Luke Ridnour and Fred Jones.
ALL THE BACKUP GUARDS!
Stand Out is unavailable on !
Bummer!
Gimme a second fave track from that soundtrack :
Absolutely!
It looks amazing, but its not like you need any makeup.
You are already great looking.
cleanin house wit mah sugar baby!!!!!
haha.
i don't know how much work i'd get done then.
This hurts me to watch
not exactly a shocker
she's not that evil 
Survived the lake house on Friday the 13th:
whoa hey
Talking to Senator Rod Adair who I will miss mightily.
I stopped liking delicious Fijiwater when they put the word mouthfeel on the back of the bottle.
Please follow me!
I  U!
Also, do you think there's directive to the camera ops to get Bieber in every other shot?
Hungry and tired.
with Tiago emerging more with every game, you think that Duncan might stick around longer for The Two Towers Part Deux?
What.
A.
Trade.
Congrats to the University of Kentucky and Anthony Davis on a great year of basketball.
Welcome!
Have a good day!
Matt, we're just testing the cutting edge beta build  should have an update out soon.
Stay tuned!
I would prefer to have a dick.
hahahaha oh snap I can't remember becauseI was always doing both of or work  plus helping robert as well
Just learned: Ken Day, one of the good guys, just died on the operating table.
RIP, Kenny.
negative sir !
Not to be rude or anything, but i really don't give a fuck.
Become a force for ALL to reckon with.
LIVE WHAT U BELIEVE!
W/ no fear of being EXPOSED!
NO WHERE to go from here, but DOWN!
L Mc  D Lee
we've thought bout it but we'll beat the shit out of each other as a couple
I ain't tall enough tho.
Yes we already know you don't need anybody's approval but why come to twitter to let people know?
You fucking asshole!
This 'Red Riding' Yorkshire murder trilogy is really really creepy.
I'm hooked tho'
Am i bad?
Am i hazard to your health?
So excited to go see think like a man with my favoritest people in the whole world : and ....
The smell of rain is so good!
Inspiring!
I can't stop listening to City  Colour  Hello, I'm In Delaware
Bus packed this morning.
Welcome back uwmadison students!
i love looking at Justin's professorle and it saying follows you.
its just amazing that he actually noticed my account for a min.
doctornking wine after a rousing game of checkers and uno with Doo.
I heart wine.
M wine.
Makes my brain mushy and warm.
Hurray!
Ball so hard.
Then they sent 2 more.
1 sayin all passes can go to indoor facilities
answer my text, child.
Been off the grid for a month.
The wedding was the best night of my life!
I'm back in reality now....
is beauty finds on budget funds!
Facial and a blowout?
Don't mind if I do!
nowplaying A Moment To Myself by from 'On How Life Is'.
DigitalStakeout software to monitor mass events in social media will be at LAwScomm Booth 2070 at
The whole hodgson England Gaffer and nick barmby being suspended has completely been off my mind today.
don't laugh at me.
Need another big event to happen.
what it is bruh
Don't B afraid 2 give up the good 2 go 4 the great
I want a girlfriend.
NP Arnej  The Day Will Come
Why is LS always getting threats of some kind..
Today we got a bomb threat now i'm heading home the only good thing is theres no school now
Livetweeting NBC MustSee TV panel over on , if you're interested.
you listen to great music!
It is never a good idea to tell someone they smell like a Dorito.
Talent and infrastructurenot salesshould dicate growth.
I love when someone tweets something so relatable but they ruin the tweet by adding a curse word into it.
You care about followers and I don't !!!!
:
Round trip or oneway?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOLLAND!
A has the option of betting whatever he wants to and B is committed to call?
couldn't agree more
Are you not the guy in the tight white trousers?
Want to gallery sit Great Gifts  The Bridge this December?
Tweet  me.
Must commit to at least 2 shifts to get the 30 discount.
Well at least I'm up before 3pm.
Tried to get up  10am, but, it didn't work.
Today I will turn my daily life frowns upside down.
Funk
haha it's confusing at first, but once you get it it's the most addiciting thing ever.
I'd imagine homeless people aren't the biggest fans of little dogs wearing sweaters.
not understand??
he does not like Justin?
/ My love you JUstin very
you and I both know there is more to a mass effect game than ONLY the gameplay itself.
Visited the Newseum in DC yesterday.
Terrific, moving exhibit on the Berlin Wall.
I was there in 1986.
Seemed permanent as the Alps.
Thanks for following our blog!
Let us know if you ever have any article suggestions
I love The Gits!
Mia was so talented.
It's hair raising when my clients get it and get a huge ROI!
I love it
DO IT TODAY........I may very well be illegal tomorrow.
RT : pedscount2012 who's a ped?
How about seniors, students  others who need affordable housing near transit?
All I wanna do is lay down on my bed and take a nap :
Watch Live CNN on www.tncnews.com
you're almost an adult!
WhenAustin pranked us on ustream that he was already in Canada.
I'm in Canada now, with the moose...and uh...yeah.
Just kidding, I'm here
I just watched Chinatown for the first time last night  wow was Jack Nicholson a handsome SOB.
I'm sure Mitchell knows some places!!
Furthermore, we knew the site had to be 'Advertise To Cure Cancer' in order to catch people's attention  anything else just wouldn't do it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I'VE WAITED TOO LONG FOR AN ANSWER AND FOR A DM FROM YOU :
It looks like a beautiful day to be at CentralPark today.
But it's so darn cccold out!
Don't worry, we should have Vanilla Porter back on tap by Wednesday!
Fall's here: time to doctornk porters, oktoberfests, browns...
I thought you were going to the PJ concert
Those moments when your in such a happy mood and you cant stop smiling :D
givemeabreak I jus got home from school!
Monday Funday!
Can't wait to get down on some free food and another crappy 80's movie.
I think those two things should get married.
At Francis Scott Key Elem/Middle to celebrate 10 years of NFTE's work in entrepreneurship edu in South Baltimore.
I'm fucked up
TCAS.3 HOURS.Yes!!3 Good luck EVERYONE who was nominated.
I just really hope and win.They deserve it!
Sad: the realization that you are too old to handle the crowded bars.
At 7:00 pm.
Why is youtube going to delete the baby video ?
Each day is a gift, not a given right.
why do people make their professorle pictures on twitter of other people?
Better watch out cuz I'm going on a following supree
Like and in their fights.
I really like Josh Thomson but I have to wonder if he's 100.
Close fight.
IfItWasUpToMe Life would be Naked
No empirical evidence offered.
When was the last time an effete New Englander ran away with the SC GOP primary?
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.35
Lmfao!!
I get it:p RT : Eric's right arm is bigger than his left!..
E hahaha!
Does anyone have a fogger/smoke machine for sale?
don't think so...
I don't see any shortcuts for that in the settings files
ÜberHipster MetaPumpkin only shops for Halloween costumes on Amazon UK.
It's not European, it's NORTHERN European.
I love new york so much.
can i move here??
Its amazing!
Devin.Anne3
follow back please :
Everybody go follow he is an Amazingg singerr!
And he deserves to get to 1000 followers!
Wishing my friends the best of times this summer, you will be missed.
I'll hold down BG for y'all.
:
I always feel uncomfortable going topless when I'm getting a spray tan.
Good morning.
No hurry, just trying to figure out how some people can be allowed on the roads.
Now testifying: Acting Dir of Ofc of Safe and Healthy Students Dave Esquith.
Posting under pen name more than here.
Need to make more of an effort.
Hate and Me, that's an Odd Couple

It was hilarious.
Stumbled upon this last night.
People dancing w/o a care in the world.
Music blaring.
Good for those folks.
It's a pretty big deal...
At least in my mind.
Me myself and i
every week
I think Newt decided on 'cheerful' because it's his safe word.
Twisted Shamisterck.
Fundoctoriser.
Won a basket!
Fingers crossd 4 the Sox tickets :
DBUalum, did you play a sport while you were a student?
Tell us about it!
cool story bro!!
Haha :
they should sell pat's hair on ebay.
some people like to start shit
a lot to study lately :
At for Penn Brew U!
Marzen is back!
Always nice to have a pint before noon!
Bonus: listening to chat about lagers!
if you loved Erik Benson at Edward Tyler Nahem, don't miss his prints on ArtStar  at the affordable art fair!
They're flying out the door..
L train's fucked.
Routing detour to maximize time/ability to read The Sugar Frosted Nutsack.
I propose Mother's Month in lieu of Mother's Day.
Nine months of growing a baby earns you at least that, right?
Thank you, for the exquisite Little Red print.
It's just stunning.
: Don't be content with average....average is just as close to the bottom as it is the top
Every time I see Martin Sheen in something I am beyond impressed.
Just watched the way and I am still floored by his performance.
Stay tuned for the website video of the fall 2011 djembe percussion corps crew in Oct: 55 teens  only 30 spots.
All your tweets are belong to us.
RT : These are not the tweets you're looking for.
Stephen Anderson to meet with Austin officials: At a later date
Super rude!
Hate rudeness.
listening to music!!
Falling asleep
Offshore wind works for marylanders and our future!
Twitter your ways elude me.
Why is Glenn Close trending right now?
only one?
Aha!
Someone asked me to marry him today...
How cute!
Typical day at DitchFriday.
LoL!
We will also have tickets for the show on Friday at Polaris mall today from 7:308:30pm in front of Sbarro.
Fear is a demon that haunts us.
We have to face it rather than run away from it.
Go To Hell D.j.
!
I Hate Meek Mill !
Oh no!
It's so cold.
Not cold and rainy, please.
That's ok!
Music makes us rich, life makes us rich.
We may not b where we wanna b, but thank God we're not what we used 2 b.
Dammiiiiit spilled coffee on my Astros Jersey....
Havent spilled anything on me all week I knew this streak wasn't gonna last long
yo..everyone who listed to the show..and the people who followed us...I appreciate the love
With each cycle of struggle we go thru,we get a little closer2solving the riddle of our life.
Just hard2see that thru the merkiness of life!
I just checked in at Richmond, CA using the Amtrak mobile application
We played the lego creationary game last night and it was crazy fun.
And who would have thought a movie about Facebook could possibly be 1 at the box office three straight weeks!!!
Happy to wrap up a really intense week.
I think I'm going to get naked and masturbate in the streets to let off some steam.
thank you Tamara!
;
Can't wait for today to be over!
All Yankees, all weekend!
Kissimmee  Miami...can't wait!
Monday off to recoup :
Hubris is rampant.
nice!
yeah, i'm not so sure about the goto.
this is a meetup after all.
might be cool todo a goto meetup in the future tho
I love my Mac.
Just sayin' :D Good luck  that sounds like a really annoying issue
Does anyone know what room and building we are in for tonight's class?
Damn....those autopsy results for Whitney tho...yikes!
Good night.
xx
My election is today.
Can you give a guy some help and remind Austinites to vote for Kris Bailey!
Thanks man!
you need to come peform in maine!!
My super power is to slap people upside the head when they need it most.
No need to thank me.
Just doing my job.
Lmao One Of Things Hurt
I need that triumphant pig book immediately.
Benny Benassi TIX 25 in hand right how at SUEDE if you want them I got them 602.348.1722 almost sold out so call right now or text.
Thank u
Sorting out  organizing the people I follow...looks like it's going to take a while...a multiday project...at least i have lil scrappy :
Bought a new book The Love Dare 40 Days to become a better spouse.
I think us guys need all the help we can get.lol
SantaClausBroughtMe a BBGun for Christmas when I was 10..
My Parents had to get me the GlassEye though..
Hope you elect to VOTE.
Thankful, we, as American's CAN.
The Galactic Senate suspected cheating when the clones score identically on their standardized tests.
Why can't I say boobies with a straight face but bubbies is perfectly fine?
Question for the ladies.
When are you going to start wearing body suits again?
U turn ur cellphone off while sitting in the far back while pilots turn their iPads on while sitting in the cockpit.
you need some good ol fashioned chicken soup
I hate texting people first: I feel awkward, annoying, and unwanted.
What are we reading here at Allerent?
Viral Loop by Adam Penenberg.
Check it out and let us know what you think!
I think the preroll 10 second commercials in YouTube videos are effecive.
They really get your attention while you wait for your video.
I am all for the Bucks trading Brandon Jenningsbut if we get Pao in the trade, I vow to never cheer for the Bucks again!
yes we are.
And we never get sick of hearing it.
Sorry it's called American Stuffers...too busy bawling my eyes out
you will see this, but just not rt right?
is now featured as new  noteworthy and staff picks on the Itunes store!
Let's celebrate with a download!
Cool were playing at the door in dallas with chiodos oh sleeper falling in reverse attack attack and more you should go :
As a diehard, right or wrong, win or lose Lakers fan, we expect you to say that.
But Kobe's impact  numbers aren't the same.
All start up business's will take a little time to build clientele but you must keep working!
Yes, sounds like you are having a good time!
Now Colin is living there too!
It's raining here!
And, spending the day with my mom: Reply to me on Kik.
Please?
It's important.
Heard about a diet that consists of 30 mins of exercise and only 300 calories a day.
Ladies, please don't ever do this.
That's not beauty :/
Heading to SXSW this year?
Then please check out Full sound design  mix done by the Monkeys of
Have you been to iBar for wings yet?
If not, we're so going for wings  beer!
Only wings I'll eat in this city.
MY dudes out here single and slanging dingalang to all the ladies, do yourself a favor and wrapitup!
Having a baby momma aint fun!
anytime girlfriend c;
What happens when you get a tricycle, a monkey, and a bottle of lighter fluid?
Fake people 
Interesting point.
Does a learner know when he/she is learning?
i was there when you said forever and always...you didn't mean it baby.
thx, bunny knuckles!
I might try to call and organize a Thursday night appt in 2 weeks
it's so annoying!
so I have to correct people!
Happy happy Friday twitter followers!
What are the weekend plans?
me too, Matt kemp is going 03
Where do you like to golf in the winter months?
Thank YOU for an amazing Holiday Red Carpet Bash!
Pictures from the Red Carpet, Joan, and more to come...
Hoping all of you are surrounded by love tonight ...and everyday.
Ceiling exploded and it started to pour...3E overran their tub.
Not a home unless it's raining stanky water...
haters are my motivators
doors open at 6pm!!!
Birmingham: discussion boards most popular in online classes, narrated Power Points  audio captainred lecture are growing in popularity
Swamp ass.
Love is defined by action, not feelings.
Feelings may accompany the love.
Without the foundation of commitment feelings  passion will fade
Haha nice job bringing back chick in the store from season 1 Ah LOL
Yeesh.
If Ibaka's hitting midoctornge jumpers, this Thunder team can seriously take out the Spurs.
Me too, but my sense of relief is epic.
Real Talk  A rainout would be ideal for the Orioles tonight, would it not?
You're awesome.
Thanks for the RT!
Congratulations team!
ugh.
I do NOT like the new twitter.
damn it.
Both the Volkswagen club of Milwaukee and the Milwaukee Model T Club will be featured in the parade on Saturday of German Fest!
Thank You for voting us Best International Cuisine in 's Best of the Holidays 2011!
Its weird sitting in a meeting, watching your useful skills become obsolete.
Thanks for following, Rachel!
It is the passion that is in a kiss that gives to it its sweetness; it is the affection in a kiss that sanctifies it.
CB
Yes!
Ehmagawd, they def.
need the Fashion Police.
Merry christmas n Angels
Great meeting today!
Thank you all!
Great dinner last night with friends...Teaching today and waiting to hear on a couple of films...
At least they don't have to play Wigan anymore.
Ya that's right ill still knock on my friends door and ask if they can play
he was in like the second row by the row.
Black shirt.
Lol
had a great time at first Friday in Largo.
what a great pirate invasion!
Been sitting here doing absolutely NOTHING, since 5 :/
Horse country?
About to hop in the shower again haha 
I like wake and baking even though I was still baked from the night before.
Haha
Just finished day 2 of Plyocide.
Holy hell I have literally never worked that hard in my entire life.
Already hurting
Rain has come out in mortalkombat Everyone be afraid!
just kidding me wuv you
I couldn't agree more!
my thoughts exactly!
Best hosts ever!!!!!
: Thanks for everyone who stopped by our booth at SDCC, we will see you soon!!!
great to be together here too!
Xo
just had an amazing rehearsal with my background vocalists!!
I swear they have the voices of Angels.
You will weep.
Avengers was a badass movie!!
haven't been up in the chopper yet!
Yeah huh.
Haha!
I wish.
but I should stay in w/Miles tonight.
Can't wait for Friday  I'll get the full summary of the event then!
:
So you like me but your not gonna talk to me ?
Cool .
Now the only thing I feel inside my chest is all this regret.
I never should have let you go, but I let you go.
Creepy, yes.
As a retired certified fraud examiner interested in language uses  abuses, this is intriguing.
Not very nice of California to keep that important info to themselves.
You should see him feast...he's like a mantis.
It'sAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia
Thanks for the follow !!!!!
If its all night long then Im ur man.
First, Ill suck ur titties
BREAKING: RT : It is now considered acceptable to end a sentence with a preposition.
haha legit.
Whats new with you dude?
I think im gonna be in LA soon!
I'm writing my review now and thought you might like the film.
I loved it!
FYI.
Bron only at 70 free throw shooter same w/ d.
Wade.
Can't be to shocked when they miss
definitely!!!
They will be bffs
Robin, did you get my email about the Data Assessment Instrument you used?
I'll get the imperial pizza
I didn't!
It was this past Friday.
So late notice.
I didn't even know it was that Friday :/
Damn I step on a nail today, it did not feel good
I have this issue, that where I like to write can very from the house, office, coffee shop, or just a roadside stop.
The web and video conferencing services will help them to deliver the message confidentially and also quickly.
The only way the US sees anything close to 2 gas is if oil speculation is illegal.
Name a GOP candidate that signs up for that?
message was sent in error via campus alert system.
Explanation is forthcoming.
WHEW
i was geekin n the supervisor black n he cute u can tell he young ; but i cant go doe.bt i notice wen u single im in a relationship
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
31
It is Small Business Saturday, are you shopping local today?
IMLS director Susan Hildoctorth talking equitable access at webwise.
OHMS interface will do that for oralhistory for free!
Got sucked into seeing scream 4..
w and Mel.
oh yes!
Those are amazing!
Went to screening tonight of God Bless America.
Great movie, loved it.
Bobcat was there, dude is hilarious.
Um, think Andoctorw Luck can buy a new cell phone now??
You still want the foams?

Church, school, gym.
As long as it's legit, we're willing to negotiate.
My Soulmate,The Moon: Science of the Vampire on iTunes
but you touch one everyday?
I do got a point there don't I?
Hat trick Staal
It's 6 here...but 8 there!!
New twitter sucks!
Today is the first day of my performance internship at Redmoon Theater!
Pretty hyped!
Q3 a pound of beef for each guest!
Hey want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find today??!
Tweet at me.
Today is beautiful!
How is everyone today?
A big bit x
but he didn't!!!!
Go Giants
yyeaah!
they'll probably have some too!
no doubt G y'all had a good time chilling, cuz thats my celly haha M O B with that NO KUTT pearl off the brick
Aw yeah but last year has been a while lol
no, but you could probably doctornk a bloody mary
can I enroll my child for chapter 220 online.
Just bought my first scratch ticket ever.
Better win enough money to buy a movie quality chewie mask.
Went to events center where they usually hold bigger poker tourneys.
The crowd seemed old.
I start to register then find out it's bingo.
What special offers do you have?
I stayed here a week last week,  looking at 5 days this one...
Holy crap.
Just tuned into MiamiNY Knicks.
Are we sure the Knicks have 47 points and that number isn't inverted.
Happy Holidays!
Tune in and watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective today at Noon.
And then it gets thrown in the trash ;
;.
Oh, OK.
I'll be patient.
It's like cliffhanger.
Are pics you've shared with iPhone 4.
Look great!
Taylor swift is making songs about my life, i'm pretty sure.
I always feel like I'm tempting fate when I change the seat assigned to me...
my soul mate could have been seated in 21D
Watching Brian Williams special.
No disrespect intended, but Lieberman and McCain just seem so out of touch, non factors.
Sorry.
You know oddly enough I thought of you today while on the farm.
Neon panties on tan skin 
I miss having someone to talk to
Wiped.
Bedtime.
Goodnight.
april 28 BEST DAY IN EARTH jk :
you should have it now :
Doing well!
Busy day at the office per usual.
YouShouldntEver question the good things in life, cause you'll never no how good they actually were till they slip right under you.
..Dead Hooker In A Trunk currently playing on the Sundance Channel!!
Viana  Martins, at least for me.
/
Come on out to fish city, Preston/Royal for a little fat tuesday celebrating.
We'll be there, 6:0010:00
All I want is broccoli cheddar soup in a bread bowl.
Preferably delivered.
Will catch Lucinda Williams at House of Blues on 3/9.
She played the Orpheum a few years back and was absolutely kickin'!
Jade...Can we change Philthadelphia to BBQadelphia!

idea for Dear Taiwan Part 2  captainre footage of the discussions post screenings in various cities/countries
Next Thursday night the dead walk!!
With ea 45 star rating for SKID OUT, I feel a little more anxious about  its release will be here b4 I know it.
faints
what are everyones top 3 suggestions they would tell a beginner just strarting out in day trading???
on a mission not to let it happen!!!
He is only going for 3 months: At least thats what i heard IT BETTER BE TRUE OMG
your video on YouTube with your grandma put me in a good mood: just saying and you are super cute :
Hayden hates bacon?
This...
this calls for reflection.
Here's a silly question for other students: Do you print articles to bring to class or just pull them up on your computer?
thanks man !!!!
U want peyton or what lol
hey how you be girrrrrr hey send me a message how I change my back doctorp???
I was leaning towards duplicates of bourne penises.
but that works too lol.
Photography tip I shared today while teaching at Univ of Notre Dame of MD.
You can photograph subjects with their back to the sun.
TwSIG Hashtag overload is not good twittering.
Every word cannot be a tagged word: must read and not choppy .
have to understand it!
i heard somewhere that chad's best friend was black...
oh wait i heard it from chad.
like 30 times.
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 9.
Find the best staff.
Notnopunks u rock Chris brown Notenice material!
np Springsteen.
Maybe we underrated the album
Great game w/ a great ending.
Hope u enjoyed ur first bowl game!
: Go Stanford!!
RT : Hanging out with !
:D
go for Kosama :
Can yu please follow and let her know that i sent yu!!
thankss so much xo
Finishing a race can give you the passion you need to make exercise a lifestyle.
probably the only team that won't make it to the playoffs to even lose a game
Up late , up early !
hardwrk.
Is what we showin !
ABM.
A way of life !
Now let get it !
Blake Wheeler is a god!
We are lucky to witness his glory this evening.
don't give up!
it's the haircut I got.
I don't think that I do but, my friends do.
Just keep laughin, just laughin, what do we do, we laugh, laugh, laugh
Don't forget Marshalls  Town Brookhaven Grand Opening Today!
Check it out.
You.
Me.
The 1 reason to shop Cyber Monday...
No pepper spray.
Shop mobile early and often.
Personalized Diaper Bags: Bibbity Rinse amp; Roll Bib 2Pack  Green ...
you have a certain level of stardom yourself RT : BuildingMoxie Only know via B.Moxie post fame!
:
strength and perseverance  determination!
sorry, we had issues with our email and phones!
We will return the call!
:
I'm watching The Voice.
You remind me CeeLo
Congratulations to you guys!
Unreliable people piss me off
This.
RT : If train travel is supposed to be affordable, why does it cost 200 to go from BWI to NYC?
Side and still live with her at 21 and act like she's ur wife is just creepy
R.I.P Whitney
T.U.G AKA Shoot Out Gang NiGga
Have you decided about playing over seas?
If you can appreciate my nerdy side, we can vibe together.
Cutting all my hair off after work...and getting cold feet.
Eek!
So happy.
Tried something new and nail it.
Stop by the Long Beach farmersmarket tomorrow  find out.
They r so hot!!!!
I love u guys!
Go One Direction!!!
haha!
Well I'm glad at least someone got to enjoy the brownies!
Major fail leaving those at your office!
This lawsuit does not refute the public school status of charter schools, it asks abt.
firing practices.
John Frusciante's solo stuff is very good...
Very good indeed.
Why did you get suspended from your fan account?x
Filling out paperwork and doctoraming of CXCing.
was hoping the clips would win tonight because I thought series would start earlier, now I hope they lose!
If I wish you luck, and you win, does that mean I get the other Timbers ticket?
Hahahhaha
I JUST GOT A TWEET LIMIT.
FML
I'm at the SPN sharing culture event .
Boring
i like see you doing boxing bahaha, i love u so much3
I can be funny as shit at times...
I just emailed you
ha!
You can have my half if you'd like...geeZe
If someone broke out into a song randomly like they do on musicals, i'd join them.
Sapong is SO good at absolutely hassling the defenders.
If you have less than you started with it means you lost.
In this case you lost 2 Spin it
National Lab Day is at the NCTM Conference in San Diego!
Come visit us at booth 2046!
Typical!
I get another chance to hang out with that sexy guy and my truck is getting fixed!
WTF!
This guy is hot as hell.
My luck sux!
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.
J.
Morrison
My favorite gym snack?
Baja chick taco, 14 grams of protein, less than 200 cals.
Call us to find out how you can get FREE CROWN MOULDING installed into your home.
At misterD's painting  we love to paint  6195625848
parents are x'd should be a great fucking weekend
Happy 2 announce our Modernist Versions Project w/ and Susan Schreibman got generous funding by
The world is a university  everyone is a teacher.When u get up make sure u go to school
Music video today!
WGNs Suppelsa steps aside for alcohol rehab
What does it say about me that I'm following more ppl than follow me?
oh right!
I will.
I am on the wrong computer again but PROMISE, I will soon
Collide with the sky.
baked chicken asparagus mashed potatoes and gravy
Cold nights are perfect for stop motion making!
At vperal on team vpearl6 working to use VR worlds for historical scenario evaluation for learning platforms
Some of my favorite players in the doctorft: K.
Cousins, L.
James, Isaiah Pead, A.J.
Jenkins, Eric Page, Mychal Kendoctorcks, Trumaine Johnson
ahaha i think this account was linked to my myspace a couple years ago
I'm great.
You?
Good morning!
The dawn of a new day!
Happy Tuesday!!
:
IfYouCheatOnMe we cant be friend
Thanks for the RT of 's tweet  good stuff!
the fans crashed 's system.
Down all day.
Check that.
I hated Gholston at MSU.
I just rooted against Worthy because he wore Green and White.
Glad to have him in Green and Gold.
thanks..well u shouldn't be so silent all the time be saying hi once in a while
Morning hospital tour of the baby wing  afternoon house hunting with and now motorcycle ride with Adam on this perfect day!
Its only fitting our Government Affairs Committee is meeting during NATO week, right?!
ahh how dare you.
I miss Lins..I won't even get started on HDS.
RT : China prepares to dump Dollar.
Media puppets continue to pull wool over the eyes of American sheeple.
they are messing up real bad!!!
Can't even play...
TreyArch SUCKS!!!
yes was packed, the freaks were out fo sho!
next time gurl!
paint ball sounds dope.
Sky diving, not that brave cut lol
This year's Clean  Green Day is scheduled for Saturday, April 21st!
Call 311 to register or for questions.
Damn I been up since 2am and i'm starting to feel it now.
Ha!
Well, I'm not surprised.
I wonder if those gals got the fantasy of his music or the reality of his arms?
Silly Ray.
Ha, not the case on my KC timeline.
Mass selfpity and loathing.
the pilot was laid to the bone, home...
We hope very soon!
:
springselection and for Colorado Springs' election info; WGN TV for Cubs' April 1 opener.
VOTE EARLY.
VOTE OFTEN.
GO CUBS GO.
its not raining its just very ugly im never sure like the next min.
it going to pour down HARD.
so i have no choice /;
NFAIS12 Dunn's horseless carriage alongside Rankin's rotary iPhone.
Nicely complimentary statements.
that shit was to nasty cuz
yay!
Loved that piece!
Isn't it rad?
I had to look at all of them too...
Multiple times!
Taco's at midnight
Making Spaghetti for dinner :
Bleep Bloop
yes, we need to catch up.
Heres to my legs not failing me.
Im hookin up tunes to this bike for motivation
I see you as more of an artist, Lisa!
You use your paddle to paint scarlet landscapes on round quivering canvases.
gotta pick up the D
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW SWEETIE
I Demand Respect From Boys.
If You Don't Respect Me  Ur A Boy...
Go Hide Under Ur Bed AHole
wait really?
I'm scared now.
I'll do it tomorrow!
o:
I'd like to think the future of theatre results in fewer us/them boxes.
The world can contain all forms.
Happy Birthday !
May all your wishes come true.
;
elections elections elections.......
This isn't an office.
It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
Day one of was packed with intelligence, advice, wit, anecdotes, cake, and fun.
A very well put together conference.
Happy Slayer Day!!!
We love the new baby's room!
It has a nice new rug, soft stuff to lay on, lots  lots of toys for us.
Just wonder where are kennels will go?
looking 4wrd 2 ur visit.
hope you try the new swiss chard quinoa, white bean salad
Off to the golf course, however I wouldn't exactly call what I do golfing.
People on Game of Thrones explain who they are through dialogue like there's no tomorrow.
Seriously, that's good writing.
Hugs and kisses to all my followers
To live and die in LA!!
We don't want it any other way!
LA all day!
I love the Milwaukee Brewers!!!
winorlose!
Best argument I've heard for being Ntl POY: he leads 1 team in country in points, stls, blocks, FG, rebounds!!
Question of the day: What's for dinner and what to do tonight????
Wow i am never doctornking during lunch again I just ducked up at work pretty bad !!!
had to say it, was a layup with your professorle pic...
;
Special tonight!
4 rooms of music w/  DJ La Mara!
Doors  9pm!
Lmao me and Ashley's conversation right now
We should always take cues from our cats on these matters ;
oh yeah, got North Miami beach Lebrons on deck for 30
ima get at u when I grab em.
In a couple hours
FFlyDecade ft Hair, Fashion, Music, Networking  Partying   others will be n attendance...
Just cant get enough
Funny.
RT You're looking for bands with a following?
What a coincidence!
We're looking for clubs with a crowd.
Don't underestimate how liberating a full day of work can be.
I love it when it rains, it's so relaxing.
doctorps TODAY.
Don't forget this Rebecca's Summer Fit demos are this week: Wed at 7pm and Fri at 6am......
don't miss the fun!!!!!!!
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes.
That way, youre a mile away and you have their shoes.
Adam is very entertaining a usual!
Cheese and onion walkers sandwich
The boy Mayweather adding another W to the record tonight
Good am.
Headed to Columbia to lead a rain dance/doctorm circle ceremony with a group of kindergarteners!
Eating at the Red Fez in Providence!
Love it!
Prior to ABCScandal I can't honestly say I've watched the channel.
SCANDALSEASON2 ...bring it!
I didn't like it at first.
It just came on and I started dancing around my house ;
Amy Smart Teams Up With PetArmor and the ASPCA to Launch PetArmor Protection Promise
lmfaaao true what you even doing :'
Saw the Lucky one yesterday!
I cried 
Borzi: we got letters from congress accusing of not sharing info w industry.
Making it very clear they r open to receiving info.
9/22 Home  Garden...CLOSED!
next one is 10/6...call me 5167478282 to reserve your space.
Holidays fast approaching.
Don't miss out!
Don't find love, let love find you.
That's why it's called FALLING IN LOVE.
Because you don't force yourself to fall.
You just fall.
George Lopez At 6 In The Morning ?
Lmao That's How I Roll :p
My mood goes from 0 to 100 bitch, try me.
hola muchacho!
U ROCKK!!
i believe justin bieber has taken over the planet!
lol this will b a new experience lol
lol he was at bears fan expo last year that's when I got that pic.
So if you go next year there's a chance you can see him
I have to do two performances now?
I prefer one.
Its the Winter Showcase all over again.
seems more hinderance than facilitation from most
BringLIN the hardware to the Garden.
Let the fun begLIN.
Treating patients at childoctorn's hospital today.
the staff here at CNMC is always so gracious  welcoming to community dentists.
possibly gotta wait and see tomorrow so i hope i will still be up at the shop interning though.
Awk moment when you tweet and don't expect him to answer you and he does...
Starting the morning with Jon Finn for our first audition at Radiant Studios!
Price is what you pay.
Value is what you get.
Warren Buffett
same here.
: win your prize.
see my link from professorle is Austin Mahone the prize?
no then no, I love him...
LET'S GET READY FOR THE SUMMER!!
How many of you will be going to the beach?
PT
Got a peek at some holiday card styles from Egg Press today and I'm quite excited.
Is it Christmas yet?
:: i might hv rt that too.
Dont stop cant hear it enough
HAPPY EASTER JUSTIN 3
I had to go to a dinner ...
It was for being an altar server ...
I know I'm a geeky altar server ...
Who watches Glee lol
So out of shape LOL
RT : Embrace life.
Live everyday as best U cn.
giv luv oftn.
Have faith.
Laugh whenever U cn.
U only live once, make it count.
HighBloodPressure Gene Mutation May Be Linked to Male Infertility Gene Mutation May Be Linked to Male Infertility
Day is already going by so slow
Hope everybody can come Out to the Public Wine Tasting Event at the Rancho Bernardo inn on August 4th Pre sale tickets 25
Today is being a slow eh day
dear users of YouTube, please stop posting footage that you recorded with your cellphone at concerts.
It looks horrible!
sound sucks!
I just thought today.....now my head hurts
Now that is a hard days work
haha he's gonna kill me
Hello hello hello!
We are open tonight with some great music  treats in store....643 west 31st street , Chicago IL 60616
GCF ForeverEternity No Doubt: 
Sweet combo  strawberry vendors and a Rolls Royce the color of custard speeding down Schermerhorn.
CINCO de MAYO POOL PARTY w/ TheHangover DETAILS coming soon!
LIVE MUSIC w/ BBQ grill and DJ
oh okay.
I could care less regardless.
too fatty for me.
No agenda, but a question: Did you know that positions such as follows were written/permitted by in his newsletters..
haha I thought so too
Won't be missing u anymore...
Just got in bed.
Lol had fun.
I just talked to paul.
The twin.
The whole time and if is gonna come to church on sunday : sorry you have ...
I was doctorfted.
Long distance never works...
be back from miami next monday big boy let's get some lunch you wasted fuck
Father God I Been Betrayed Feel Like They Beat Me Like Slave We Living In The Last Days Pray 4 Me And Make Me Cold Hearted.
Jeter's got more hits than Sadaharu Oh
I have been looking 4 a room to rent in LA when I get there, feels like I'm talking to a brick wall, not getting many responses.
Maybe one day I'll be what you need.
My favorite pet peevethe addition of the s.
Donna Summers?
Did you know she sang Hot Stuffs and This Time I Know Its For Reals?
;
Stop tweeting and HAIL!
Hey Cody, how am I going to text you 143 when I don't even have your number?
;
rewarding yourself with a little beach at the end of a productive day is a brilliant idea!
So much to do, so little time.
:/
New health startup incubator attempting to emulate Y Combinator and HealthRock: www.healthboxaccelerator.com
You aint gotta lie to kick it mann .
Yay!!!
Super pumped to see it!
nomnomnom.
Probably my best invention.
Dear Sons, the neighbor's meanold Rhode Island Red Rooster will peck you.
on your toes what kind of toes you got
Great run this a.m.!
Tune in later for a new post!!
: xo
pointlesscelebrities Justin Bieber.
Front row can you see me?
Just woke up from a bomb ass nap ready for night life
: I am complex but I am me.
Gemini
bookaday HOW TO HUG by Maryann MacDonald, another resource for how to writing
I dont know.
ask ranoldo he was watching....
Some people spit from on top of the ladder, but one day they will be in a strange position when coming down the other side!
P.A.A.B.
But wasn't Puck also busy with the lemonade?
look at you  look  her..hell look at you vs.
them....no comparison.
smfh....its nasty to even think about.
lmfao
Feel free to call me for a free hair consultation.
www.hairinthecity.me
Followed:D
Oh yeah!
RT Right?!
: Wow this is embarrassing for the Falcons.
2 points?
WTF
I almost bought a huge book of Audubon prints from Barnes and Noble, then realized I didn't have space for it.
don't jinx it!
I love today
I thought I told you?
Who hasn't done something to try to get more in life  taking up art, doing yoga, losing weight  and found it lacking?
Good morning!
It should have been Friday two days ago.
Why isn't it Friday yet??
Tiffany  this time they tweeted unrequited love
ta!!!!!
i gotta go to the doctor today !!
: i wish was here with mee :
futbol Just saw Europa League final score.
Rough landing for , Marcelo Bielsa's team an absolute blast to watch this year.
Today is not as good as yesterday, but tomorrow will be better than today!
Than the rest ill be history so excited!
Off to a new adventure!
so many good bands on the one day I can't listen to your show!
:P
I'm great, hbu?
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
How many different ways can you use the words sonic orgasm?
When talking about music?
Never enough.
Get their EP.
Now!
;
I'm sure she is.
: Hopefully playing with my boys Sandy and Jambo.
how have u been?
I'm about to write this 800 check and my checks have pictures of baby farm animals....bitch!
what happened?
En route to nycfoodcrawl.
Got distracted by a bicycle with a motor.
Running late.
Thank you to Liberal Arts Division colleagues for flowers and getwell greeting.
help us and spread the disease that is Hoes and Housewives, we are gonna be in virginia beach aug 20th.
retweet this  spread the disease.
sitting at home and later regretting your idleness...bc you always grow from being proactive!
Nice work.
I like the responsive layout.
There are more than 2,000 different varieties of cheese in the world!
How many have you tried?
I'm so off on my party finding abilities this year :
Happy weekend!!
I never got to ask which store you're working at!!
100factsaboutme I vibrate at a faster rate than most folks.
That's why I'm so damn skinny.
I do yoga so I don't shake myself to pieces.
I think I've finally stopped sweating from that yoga class.
Jury is still out on whether I liked it.
going to mexican party cus theres gonna be light up swords included with the party bags.
and a jumper.AND pinatas.
yayuuuh SON.!
the student run newspaper at my alma mater ie.
first place I ever wrote, changed name from Maneater to Carpeteater as April fools prank.
just texted you
Planning activities for The Date, what ideas do you have?
'Land of 10,000 idiots on Minnesota roads' will be my next headline
want some fiya ass beats?
GET AT MY BOY !!
FIYA BEATS FOR DAYS!!
same here...
but that would meen they are wrong so we must be as they say...
becouse they are never wrong...
Anyone have their students do a miniethnography in an intro to world music class?
Any tips?
Joined a new gym!
Am lovin it, so gotta run to a spin class right now.
Talk later.
Before you go to bed, look up at the light's of the Goodyear Blimp...
T.Brown's a Pimp
I think I'm more interested in seeing a hologram of Booger from 'Revenge of the Nerds' reenacting the belching contest scene.
getting ready for skool .
DONT WANNA GO !
what the fuck did I do
Almost time for and her brown bag seminar So You Think You Want To Write a Book.
Ought to be fun!
I like that
Hey!
Come intro yourself I'm working Merch table.
NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Booze kills germs!
;
never doubt you bro!
Love ya
One of my Final Four hopefuls needs to get its act together.
HELLO!
how r u?
what do you want your first tattoo to be
I fell down some stairs tonight.
From the looks of my goose eggs I am going to be in a lot of pain when this wine wears off.
Happy Friday everyone!
Where are we going for happyhour ???
Trying to relate to people is a waste of time.
You either relate or you don't.
I'm in an ethical quagmire here, JWI.
Can I help one who would DARE bet against my Wildcats???
:
Unclear if suspect died from gunshot or when his car crashed into a garage
Big picture focus at Lake Nipissing summit  The North Bay Nugget
omg my dad would disown me.
then be blowing up my phone with Qs.
he's gotta pass the dad test
uh oh...tell her I'm sorry
Skylar was my youngest daughter's fave and Colton my oldest.
Jessica IS good.
: Last Tweet was a test.
But yes that does mean Twitter is coming to the Cause.It app!.
YAY!
I may spend a chunk of the day outreaching to DC Enviro groups to pick up our cause.
Okay, okay.
Hart of Dixie was cheesy, CW greatness.
Ugh another commercial Dakota fanning is on the show with the rest of them now up next Taylor talks girls hahahha!!!!!!!
:D
Just made it back to new orleans!:
not even sure what to say....hm
I've never been so disappointed..
Camilla ran this season
Time not to check your blackberry  while running across a highway...
RT what time?
FRENCH MONTANA MEET  GREET AT 2pm4pm
Got back from LA.
The ocean is still there.
Brought back some sand.
It was great.
Wonderful Energy.
Rodeo doctor hasn't felt the recession
Live Radio Show  Fort Worth, TX  Sunday the 6th!
Tune in to 95.9 The Ranch or stream it at www.959theranch.com.
glad things are going well for you...
I'm so ready to go off to college, only a year and a half left!
What's college life like?
lol well you see me now
Awesome.
Don't get between the birthday girl and her toast.
Love you, brother.
x
forreal though!!
lets kick it soon!
i think u still got my number right?
and brought their A games tonight and rocked incredibly hard at !
Such an awesome night.
My single favorite shakespeare!
RT with Shakespeares
great to know, thanks!
May I ask what search terms?
Great to see you on twitter  let's catch up sometime over coffee and share stories...
I love waking up to him3
the goodmorning text I got from 
so Harry's bi then people freaking out about tswift  Ed, and now niall tweeted Demi.
top this day off with a twitcam boo
anil dash is doing fun live blogging of oscars.
better than party!
is ripping off 's answer.
What a
FourWordsYouDontWantToHear via You sure you're in?
Aahahahahahahaha
great coffee mtg indeed!
brain still nicely buzzing.
glad that our two orgs seem snackcompatible.
v.
serious about snacks.
Note to self: must be chipper for this 10hr work day chock full of customer service to commence.
Fantastic...thats me being chipper.
MT :Just heard Scarborough's clip from this morning on No one in GOP establishment thinks Romney will win general.
If we CAN'T SWIM, so can't get under the boat to fix the rudder, we CAN use THE STARS to guide us on our journey as well!!!
lol way to put a negative spin on my status.
SwingFest 2010 showcase event is Red Carpet Awards Show followed by a Dance Club Party!
Pizza Pizza!
The more people you follow, the more who will follow you.
I recommend posting your twitter addoctorss in some LinkedIn groups.

Taurus females are very expensive but rich in love.
Current ID of the staging server?
Undoctored Umlauts
Only 6 more working days Magic City pussy pop
is getting ur nuts frozen off.
cryogenics
Don't you feel like you want to give up, but a whisper in your mind tells you to try again!?
Sound like everyone in indiana is watching the heat game and NOT the pacers game
HappyBirthdayGRANDman !!!!
Im gonna she is beautiful boy 1 day 3
I'm not Jesus, but i can turn water into koolaid
Is it just me or Twitter a ton of one tweet wonders and spamers
awww I miss u from Facebook daddie!
he doesn't care about that lol
Testing 123.
2063759500 Tim Reha cell.
I will be in Redwood City Saturday evening  Monday.
This screen is so small 
thank you!
:D
Just heard about your lecture next week at UCLA.
Can't wait!
Anything you'd recommend reading beforehand?
I guess I should stop avoiding getting my wisdom teeth pulled.
Little fecking DEVILS.
Feeling nostalgic listening to You guys always brighten my day.
Howard the Duck, hahaha!
Haven't seen that movie since I was little :
Dallas, Texas
Music is my sun and you're blocking my light
Kentucky, Pennyslvania, and Massachusetts should also be excluded from that song.
the clovis tourism commercial has ANCIENT footage from the 90s of girls rollerblading.
I want a direction buddy :
Gonna pretend I know how to golf!
where's my shirt?
hotweather ok yay :3
ostrich...emu...kiwi...penguin?
Although people do east ostrich.

other than Graham on defense...who else were elite college players from 20082010?
Buy a Santa Bag TODAY for 39.99 that includes 1 FREE week of tanning, 2 BOTTLES of lotion, and 1 PACKET of AMAZING lotion to try!!!
Make my speakers go boom boom.
it's on chongita!
Let's plan it
grunge tried to destroy the metal.....
But it failed.
How is the new D?
Packed first day at CNI; thanks to all tweeters for great coverage!
Breakfast tomorrow in Arlington Salons 12, same as reception.
Download the FREE Houston Criminal Lawyer App in the itunes store!
NEVER be out anywhere without your Attorney again.
Attorneyoncall  24/7
collecting ideas for songs...suggestions?
business travel.
doctornks after meeting  I'm such a lite weight I was too doctornk to go to dinner :
WIT DAT GIRL AND MAN
wats do that mean i could have got on the next flight out
POST it i wanna see it bro
Wheeee here we go will be hopping through Lodo today spreading community love
2 hours of excel data analysis review
I would yell at you for giving it to me but we haven't hung out in a while.
Did you send via carrier pigeon?
Fort knox this bitch so nothin shady happens
look away!
RT
Attn ALL RAPPERS !!!
Tweet me ur email by 9 pm tonite and ill send u a FREE BEAT sampler
I need 1 more follower !
Go !
I'm a Motherlover, you're a Motherlover, we should...
Happy Mother's Day!!
It is raining hard here in kansas city, oh my gosh I think its Hailing.
I have a very particular set of skills
I really really really really wanna 3 legged dog.
S.mousePhan!
My singer is in the running for hottestchicksinhardoctorck go vote for her EVERYDAY 10x a day!!!!
please accommodate don't retaliate
Hello going out to 12 new likes today!!
Welcome to our Facebook page!!
i cant stop more from following u.
it gets to confusing with too many artitist clashes personality
A blessed and wonderful CHRISTmas to everyone, and remember to keep God first.
Interesting but not new if you've read Marx RT We doctorfted from having a market economy to being a market society.
another beautifulday to be alive..
Every day brings a new opportunity!
Go and find it!
u knw what seeing this making me laugh and people officially think that I am crazy ;
U.S.
House approved 300 billion in cuts to offset the deficit, but most cuts aimed to eliminating programs for the poor nationwide.
Fair warning!
The sign competition is on!
remember the doctorwings in class today
lol.....cant wait to shyt on dem wit dem 28z umq put on my new truck tomorrow homie
Hi slpeeps I'm new to twitter.
special shout out to 4 coming up w/my twitter handle.
look 4ward 2 making connections  frnds
Home w/sick kid and under the weather myself.
Still hoping for something productive  at least vaguely scholarly to happen.
kidsareworthit?
will do!
I wish I had!
I'm an expert.
I release demons into my home two or three times a day.
hi, i love you ariana.
3
I think she'd be great at running/kicking!
: EvaLongoria RT : Would be really interesting seeing Eva play a sport.
everytime i eat candy i feel like im going to puke.

It's a thinning area to be exact.
And I'm gonna go cry now.
First time in 30 years.
true RT : There's who you want, who you do, and what you tell people.
Sexual identity is a combo platter.
Baby's in Reno with the Vitamin D
Planning for the weekend.
Can't wait for my first trip to Arizona at the end of the month.
I'm not in this scene I think I'm falling asleep But then all that it means is I'll always be doctoraming of you
excited to share my knowledge and expertise as a film makeup artist in this industry.
Can't wait 2 see YOU there..Chi town.
LOL!
looking forward all of them ;
LOL  screaming at these games she is playing.
she is so cute!
Lol about the xmas hat but hey..all in good fun :
you wouldn't fight for something you don't believe in.
i understand
RT : Q3.
When have you adjusted an uncomfortable idea to make it fit w/what you're more comfortable thinking?
TODAY!!!!
1.00Breakfast Tacos 1.00 Juices 1.00 Coffee Made Fresh to order.
Not premade and held in warmer.
Come in and see!!
3 items ea
I bet he still wants me 3
Stoked for Josh.
4 homer game has happened far less than perfect game.
amazing.
oh now i see this!
Why does my cat always sleep with his butt pointing at me
alright I will man
Social Media can and will be used against you in a court of law.
If you're in a case be careful what you Tweet.
Adverse Effect is really good too.
And anything by TwistedSky :
I haven't texted or called anyone.
Music is my medicine as well as my therpist.
Yes!
Years ago this was par for the course.
It only seems odd because of what we now expect.
Oh, many many and many more!
I definitely will!
Kinda scared where the road will lead me, but I know everything will be okay, it has to be.
I saw your RT, you're entered into the contest :
Willies Wonder: Get you some.
Another commenter notes research on adolescence extending into early 20s and how that affects what new lawyers are doing.
yeah I sort of value my marriage!
I haven't heard of anything besides a whole all games package for the weekend available.
I..
your a tech reporter and its your first time?
Maybe take your head out of apple's ass for once and explore real innovation
Some web dev today, it's been a while.
Happy birthday!
RT : It's mister Presley Trace Robertson's FIRST Birthday!!!!!!
Your stamina is legendary.
Thanks for including us on your whistlestop tour.
I didn't get invited to Hangover Part 3 aha
Happy birthday you old man!!
I think and I could arrange for some tasty pies for the band
Happy Monday!!
I'm realizing two things this morning: I miss Vegas, and I miss CJ Time.
INeedBoth!!
much love to you both!
Why is everybody getting mohawks?
It looks so dumb
We do not live long enough.
Good morning reality
I can't even get to the house because there's not enough gas in this car.

I would kill for some fried cheese curds, impossible to find outside of WI...
nw Triple Dog
fella?
Channeling Mae west?
Thanks to a couple of doctornk dudes  wrk singing to me, the song feel like making love will never be the same...
Remember mom's words when you skinned your knee or cried because he didn't call?
You can do anything.
Try again.
Mom is still right!
lol even if you don't get a shag.
It was a bold move and I commend you
I can be indecisive, but when it comes to , I can gratifyingly say I HATE THAT or THAT'S THE BEST THING EVER
Jealousy killed the girl.
;
Yes!!
RT New Ocean Beach Seafood Truck sources from like a top restaurant.
Opens on Newport Ave.
today
books and books, send me you best read this year
Reveal day TODAY!
On a suggestion from a friend I am listening to the Sucker Punch movie soundtrack, quite good contextually speaking of course.
real time search..who is interested in it...only a news junki or someone who has got time to count the seconds that go by..lol
I'm not sure we would have rpt'd the story at all if the vic wasn't a pub official.
Unfort we could do dom viol stories daily.
iam just goin to enjoy my day with out bull shit!
I really wanna get tatted
Don't miss Eli Prime and Twenty Twenty perform at the Newark Christmas lights switch on on Sunday between 115!
I have never wanted anything more.
If anything can cure my aching head it has to be slaw and cake!
Oh I want I want I want.
Thats why I said technically : No there's one Antony Santos  a Anthony Romeo Santos.
Thanks.
RT : http
did i mention your name
long day, ended with a beer and some fried food.
now i need a nap...
happy friday!
Thanks for the follow.
Love your hair and your twitter wallpaper  cheerful!
My relatives live here.
I'm visiting my mom for Mother's Day.
Not to mention, I love Boston.
did Angelina disappear?
That's what its all about!
RT : Calculated risks.
FOLLOW BACK HOMIE
don't dis all us Berkeley grads
yeah he received everything.
He's good.
U might get something this week
No, none of them was specifically you.
Maybe I should stop tweeting about grading?
Not like I should complain but it helps to get it off my chest.
jlin who?
He got shut down last night by you know who nem
All that won't fit though lol.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
You've proved me wrong once again.
back atcha babe!
lol.
RT More people than usual.
RT who's watching TruTV right now??
I'm going to be a senior in a month, it's so overwhelming to think about
ha ha ha...
but yeah it really is..
desoto civic center packed lol , im back :
Listening to Crowded House and it makes me wonder...
morning to you too man...
Praying for all the success in the world still for u cus u deserve it have a good day
Caught a glimpse of the future this afternoon and quite honestly I'm a little scared.
RT : nowplaying Party In The USA  Miley Cyrus
actually, congrats on your
one day imma make a impact on somebody's life.
lmaooo
ThingsiLoveToSee Is a man treatin his lady right an not tryna dog her out..
lol I thought the same thing last week but I got used to it
so jealous.
What panels are you going too?
Staying for music to ?
Honored you are following...cc:
Obviously it's me :
Seriously this is what the Rockets are reduced to.
Taking pot shots at TMac.
We gotta do better.
Email your addoctorss to and we will send a pair your way!
Love having 2 hours of technique class!
Great start to the week!
how so?
I'm pretty sure you can hold your own
My night last night taught me that you don't need a man to have fun at prom...although it does help.
Marketing, comm., talent relations etc INTERNS needed!
Inquire asap, start with the new year!
Great for your resume, college apps etc!
DM!
IsItMyFault that i just want to be successful
Friends been begging me to do Star Trek Online since it went free, haven't talked with them for 8 months so gave them a week
I love that show!
Sheldon is my favorite.
I was a little bit of a nerd myself in school......Engineer in disguise ;
I'm not sure.
Let me accept on Facebook.
I'm fixing to get home!
I bet we have lots of friends in common lol
this is NOT the way to unite a Party!
This is exactly why the Dems control DC!
Palindoctorme of the day: Too hot to hoot.
learning
I can't wait until my beard is really long and bad ass again!
glad to hear it wasn't  underwhelming I love that word now...
we're getting one too...
From Disneyland.
Not quite as cool.
The notorious rally killing mike young
yessir!
Hit me up...
What team did you guys make?
Are you talkin' to ME?
Tigers Ugh.
FACEPALM
Sorry to retweet often about the Facebook page.
It is just easier to disseminate information and links via that page.
Thanks so much!
Deciding to mark on a corner 
Coworkers of construction worker killed will hold moment of silence tomorrow.
Brad Arthur died after woman hit him, doctorver accused of OWI
it's wonderful thanks for asking
I love my sister to , even though we fight or argue .
What sisters don't ?
And sharpest knife!
FF to both of you!
RT : of the brightest light bulbs in the hospital and on Twitter.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
I've got you beat...
My town is famous for NOTHING.
Casteio in extra time at the end of first half puts Dallas up one nothing
ok i did
Y r u grounded?
I feel bad for whoever goes on a date to a restaurant with
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes to T.J.
and M.H.
today!
Also, a huge congrats to N.T.
We at D3 think this opp.
is spot on for you!
everyone knew starting Kotsay was a bad idea, and now it's shown........twice, and we're still in the 1st.
yes!
real learning happens here MT a more varied audience would make the conversation more engaging
I think 253 h.s.
did rt : Neat fact: 10 high schools had at least 2 players taken in April's doctorft, inc Det Martin Luther King
WHAT WHAT OMG WHAT WHERE
figures.
How well do Andoctorid apps run on it?
First place in May.
I don't consider myself an avid reader.
I do, however, consider myself an avid collector of books I would like to read.
i love  a humble frenchman who is a selfprofessorssed lover of american cinnamon rolls
Disruptors: everyday distractions that are easily dismissed, but when combined they change the world.
Think Twitter
Damn 1st Ave S bridge is up again  thanks for screwing up my commute.
what happened?
Leaving Colorado, then back home to LA, then Vegas, then NYC!
All within 2 weeks.
Just call me US traveler.
Tonight from 5:309pm is Mercy Corps Monday.
You eat..we donate 25 of Total Sales!
Happy f in new year
That split second when you are 100 sure ya gonna die after you lean too far back in ya chair
History has proven that dictators get the most work done in the least amount of time.
RT : I love acting.
It's so much more real than life!
Oscar Wilde
A mouse just ran behind my doctorsser!
Not getting off my bed until its dead or caught!
then dont do it silly :P
What is your favorite NASCAR memory?
Lets go Heat!!!
where do you donate?
How are you able to DM me?
And make it appears I'm DM'ing myself.
Bc I granted access to ?
It said it was Read only access.
How old is Shakeria nowadays?
Are her hips lying yet?
Get some rest, hope the remainder of the night stays calm.
same here!!
My legs are so sore from practicing leaps and fouettés all night.
Hopefully it's all worth it!
I'll be home the 7th!
Be sure to watch the channel 3 news tonight to see footage from the AZ No Pants Ride.
I know what breasts are...they're boobies...
AND your point is....?
Good Morning!
Inner Quote: First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
Thought For the Day: The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Mark Twain
Standoff at the Marion County Juvenile Correctional Facility..10TV cameras on the scene..plus, Columbus Police planning new cutsall at 5am!
I should be with  right now
it is fine I saw did it so I wanted to try :p
Sweet yo!
I can't wait to see it!
Let me know when you guys are gonna release it :D Thanks!
All is well!
Great new sounds for all yall!
Enjoy the new week!
:
we're projecting The Walking Dead tonight at 8.
Zombies make awesome noises through the house system!
I just went out and had many doctornks, now just sitting around watching TV haha how about you?
Lunch time is approching.
Is sold house in the mountains NC i beds baths Virtual stages OF MLS Form golf it is good mountain Fireplace :
You would have a book of President Inaugural Addoctorsses.
Nerd.
RT : RT : In honor of DDC day, CD's are being signedshipped for only 13!
Along w/the CD you will rec ...
you're welcome.
my favorite LB song is What Do You Know.
Love the countryrock feel!
why did you take off your shoes today
yes please!
If God can speak into existence unlimited universes, then simply nothing is impossible for us to do what is needed for mankind with Him.
Too obvious!?
But I am playing requests for the guys.
RT : Just finished reading agencyblueprint  lots of great tips for !
Thx  can't wait to implement!
Don't miss the new duck heart preparation ; absolutely incredible flavors!
Well, I officially have a crush on my elementary school archenemy.
Vivienne Westwood flagship, just of Regent St!
oomf is about to make history with a new song called BOYFRIEND ; um who could it be?
let us know when you get your certificate!
:
Can it get any hotter
We don't do murderers.
We don't do rapists.
We don't do perverts.
Thanks .
Appreciate the advice.
Worried about Rip's lingering injury.
Have few bench spots w/ a lot of injuries this week
Fast food make me fast
Thanks for the RT.
It's kinda funny knowing that your gonna be suspended.
:3
Friday in montana still!
Looks can be deceiving.
lol
Stop going to the day Brewers games.
They seem to lose whenever the show is there!
U gotta download !
I've only had it about a week but I've been having so much fun with it!
Absolutely.
We thoroughly enjoy the Dictionary of American Regional English.
realistically we cannot give students real world experience in every class, so we have lots of tools we can use
yes!
Love 's I had my students participate in 2.0  plan to have them join 3.0.
You?
I need sleep.
Gnight all!
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is no promise.
And today?
Today is a gift, that's why we call present.
doctorse out for most of next year.
No doctorse no championship
RT : It is hard to be 100 percent better than your competition, but you can be 1 percent better in 100 ways.
Rich Melman
ah ok.
Understandable.
my little sister wouldnt get me water so i took food chewed it then showed it to her said go get me...
then she was like ill go ill go:p
Ice cream makes everything better :
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
Will Rogers
Our National Nurse Week Celebration continues today with an appreciation reception with Senior Leadership!
I have a hard time buying Big Show as a babyface.
Much better heel in my opinion.
ah yeah true.
i dont think animals do :' they are chilled as :
Gardening!
Remind me again why this is fun??
wish u were here KURWA .
That's the name of the column, not the slogan.
Change it up, hv fun, if u feel it...go for it!
So much girl power!
I'm so flattered to be receiving so much great feedback from everyone!
Thank you so much!
Much love!
333
Man I hadn't seen him in like 8 months
Thank you for the follow as well.
Congratulation on your funding!
It's FenderFriday, best Instagram of your favorite Fender gets you on our feed!
make me some
Yea, I need details on how you went about it.
I followed hehee
Forecast calls for sunny and 80 this weekend!
Perfect for shopping the Third Ward.
Pop in to Metro Eye while your out and about!
I think the next Kickstarter will be to buy a keyboard where the shift key works ;
is a monster
thanks, Tommy!!
xoxo
what the point of having some YouTube vids not available on mobile devices I really don't get it
Best thing to see when you go to the pools is in the locker room ha!!
It's when a hot guy is taking a shower naked and then doctor!!
HOT HOT
Don't forget to wish your mother Happy Mother's Day!
To all the mothers, have a wonderful day!
What do you do?
Dad just found out I have tattoos on my inner arms.
Had them for almost a year now.....
A new day today.Thanks for all the kind words, love you guys
Contra Alliance hardcover distribution finally taking shape: Ingram  Baker  Taylor...30 days to materialize.
Showtime has some weird stuff on
Prisoner of Azkaban or Goblet of Fire!
Actually it's 8PM on the east coast, so I assume you mean 5PM earliest
Random Fact: I made my Western movie debut in Blue with Karl Malden.
Lovin' the creative ideas my customers have for personalized Stems!
should know b4.
Bowling.
Just need to let temp agcy.
Know how it went send thank you email and wait
I should have guessed you already knew about it.
Thanks so much!
How are things going with you?
Tell me about the wedding.
Twinkle twinkle little btch, close your legs it smells like fish
just a jerk lol
I can finally check off 'get a harry potter tattoo' off of my list of things to do before I die.
Yay!
Hope you an incredible Mother's Day xo 
cause you were half nude in gayle's class...
For those of you hating on John Cena, remember, he never turned his back on the fans like The Rock did.
Q2b Help them build a mind map of the essential steps, methods, procedures, etc.
based on a real experience.
why?
If fans had no problems with bounties before, why would this audio change anything?
Have you tried the new hot dogs  Sonic Baltimore?
The Chicago dog is awesome.
Has a bit of a kick but nothing a Cherry Limeade can't cure
F.O.H
Am I really watching Jack and Jill?
Yes, and, as expected, it is awful.
Begining new project as a training analyst, content developer, and trainer to help hospice workers master medical recordkeeping technology.
layin in bed bout to go to sleep u
.
Major props to his kids, too.
They were right there to fill in the blanks and give him reassuring smiles.
That was beautiful.
curse of The Brick strikes again.
Maybe I'll get another free set of tickets.
Cut the skin to the bone, fall asleep all alone.
Hear your voice in the dark.
me3 amazing.
tell me another story.
that's what's up!
Spring Break!
Cool.
That is going to be a madhouse.
I'll be with and Stacy and company.
never gonna happen.
:
holy goodness  i never got this tweet.
I will DEFINITELY let you know next time!
:
Special Thanks to !
He's been saving  for something special for my bday  2nite surprised me by taking me 2 our fav sushi spot
I may be a smartass, but at least I'm trying to hold up both ends of the bargain.
Its sickening how you can play somebody so well and leave them for no reason at all..
you too :
DYK?
John H.
JohnsonOwner of Ebony Publishing Co.
is a member of A Phi A
yougetpointsif you came to brainnet today!
Great meeting on How To Create Compelling Video with Mark Wonderlin...shoulda been there!
im so glad i dont have to see her face / Ass any more
Seeing rows of orangeshirted union members here to support development of the corridor brings back bad memories :
same...
.
the only cute ones I have were SUPER FRIKKEN expensive
YAY PARIS.
Hope you have a great night!
This weather is not my idea of summer weather..
Good to know, thanks for exercising the API, it's an area of great interest for us strategically.
i been gone2long truth or false rite or wrng Hello chaos welkome hme
aight forsure dude.
i'll hit you up.
I got the same number.
i'll dm it to you too
thank you for joining us :
MIDDAY TODAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion  why, of course, he opposes it
Mention twitter to your server and receive a FREE calamari appetizer!!
yes that's what everyone said but that damned CVS was out!
It always looks ransacked!
RIP to that young man that lost his life in Florida another senseless killing of a young black man at that hands of a person sworn 2protect
Rika Burnham  Elliot KaeKee have a new book, Teaching in the Art Museum.
Check it out on Amazon.
I swear I do better with the MK14 in MW3 than I do with the ACR...
even though it is semiauto...
328 last match...
284 the game before..
nothing but music and hand jobs.
MHJ
Looking for a Senior Technology Implementation Strategist and Consultant for a shortterm assignment in Washington, DC.
I HATE THIS FUCKING SNOW?
OH , so you're gonna take your sweet ass time to reply to me?
Alright, cool son.
Its all gravy , just dont get mad when I do the same thing!
Crib you
Keep in mind as back to school makes for busy days!
Lunquist is stopping everything!
RT ArtsBeat Blog: First Play by Nathan Englander Postponed From Public Theater Season t.co/xItgv725 // Gatz is back instead!
I really want to play keno right now, and I blame , , and
I just ordered your book.
When does it ship?
OMG tourists on top of tourists!!!!!
Watching Pokemon...Ash vs.
Gary.....on Boomerrang....this takes me WAY back
Why does Bill Walker look like Whoopi Goldberg in Eddie?
The best part of my day is enter acting with my fans Is this real?
Is this real life?
So the whole purpose of going to bed  closing your eyes is to fall asleep!
Well wth.
I'm tired  I have a big day ahead c'mon.
Agree w/ about San Antonio being hottest conf.
ever.
Toronto was surprisingly close.
life is a party...
Preparing guacamole...and the tree was happy.
I always struggle with what to wear to pick up take out.
I mean, let's be real, what would you be doctorssing up for?
just don't push it too hard or you'll regret it later!
Listen to your body!
Wow!
Already up to 43 applicants for our fall afterschool program: www.lifevineworks.org
Thank you to the vendors, the mad crafters, the music makers, the magic Mission staff, the shoppers and lookers yesterday we HEART you!
Somewhere out there accounts are girding themselves like samurai to ensure Avengers will actually lose money
This year marks the BiCentennial of the Battle of 1812 or as we like to say, Sometimes they do come back.
Thanks for following ..nice article on 4 ways to maximize the new Facebook timeline
HouseWorks: Home decor on the cheap
are you going to be at Intel isef more this week?
they changed the potatoes for hashbrowns.
they can't get the right food to the right person.
Lot of untrained new staff
Thanks for the follow, Jon.
I could definitely use your help.
So clomming on to tip
tickets for what exactly?
I feel like going up to Zion...I may have to plan a trip up there...
yeah I had him last year for history and I didnt learn anything and he just kept giving us a lot of work
Thanks...
Shattered bones as far as the eye can see!
actually the guests are Brazilian Singer Anne Simoni recent UT grad Kesley Hoar  for Jeff Lofton's Jobim Tribute Cactus Cafe.
If your ratings suck  nothing has helped, try a Laura Mulvey pun?
Liz: Ugh.
The male gaze.
Hazel: Yeah, they're all a buncha gays.
Just woke up for today...
going over my aunts house idk what else ima do...
Prepare for The Greenwich Village Bookshop Door exhibit by reading Morley's Parnassus on Wheels.
I flew through it in 2 hours yesterday.
And that's not a knock of reporting.
One of the good guys.
It's the info that he's reporting that disturbs me.
it really is, not...
it's a great place!
Let me know how your visit goes :
2 weeks  finals seem like forever from now!
: And Happy Easter!
:
ICantStandPeople who treat you like sh!t no matter how many times u let it go and are nice anyway..its like..what the fck more do u want?
It seems I got attached to baseball when the Rangers lost in 2 World Series because to my surprise I'm watching a regular season game
I probably should have showered before doing laundoctor...
: hit me up when you get herekk dm me your number
lol same here I think of our other version haha
all I can say is damn, Chris.
daaaaammmmnnnnnn.
They don't have 'em here in TX, gotta wait til I get to CA!
:D
Earth day fair tomorrow.
Balboa Park.
We'll be at the booth with  How about you?
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three
Came back to Twitter and defollowed everybody who isn't San Diegan.
Cleaner local newsfeed!
At the midnight premiere of The Avengers.
Always enjoy the raucous crowd.
Let's get to the show!
I'm a local lang.
teacher working on customizing learning, excited to see and would love to get students on!
I can only imagine how much faster I would get my hw done if i could still for longer than a minute  a time.
it's a hard call, but I think the saltimbocca.
You're welcome and thanks!
Welcome to DigitalGeeks.org!
Long Islands very own computer professorssional service group at your service...
Call us!
5823089
Can we put you down for one of those next season once the shoulder heals?
: The Hip Sip, The Suppy, and the Kup are our three finalists.
Congrats to finalists!
Judges said decision was really tough
I'm sorry about passover; I just realized I never apologized for getting grounded.....
sorry :

mom and dad both have twitter too?
Well, the CSS madness that is Chrome/Facebook is over but now is down and I'm updating from Twitter.
Gasp!!
The horror!!!
Probably the best pitch I've seen yet.
RT Make sure you get, so my posts can vibrate ya pants!
only 7 more hours of work for the week then about to go Hammah Montana
Thursday, The Zone, Gone, and Heaven or Las Vegas are my favorite The Weeknd songs
I decided I didn't like my outfit so I came into work an picked out a new one
Just ate some toast wit HEEEEEELLLLLLLLAAAAAAA butter.
Lol
at physical therapy and then at home.
I'm not gonna miss a minute of it
i followed your other twitter  could u list me?
and maybe follow me back?
3
Some busy days coming up next couple of weeks.
Hopefully busy will translate to productive.
Check out the programming plan and doctorwings for the project at www.themissionlasvegas.com.
I'd love to hear your feedback.
Watching addicted to TheClientList!
Awesome show!
X Games is so much better than the olympics...there's just something about watching human beings fly through the air..onpurpose?
And with that, a release candidate is born!
Good.
Now onto project
For someone who talks so much in person, your twitter sure is quiet...
Politico Hill reporter has been killing it with no bullshit zone coverage of Boehner.
Great coverage of highway bill fiasco.
ah I hope so !!
Automated voicemail saying they know I'm going through one of the toughest times ever.
Haha I'm actually going through one of the easiest!
follow this bosset
Its HERE!
May the odds be EVER in your favor!
Happy Hunger Games!!!
hm not my fault
At Takoma Park Library to pick up my postcards that won their art contest.
I'm no picasso, I just doctorw what I see.
Wishing you a successful week.
Thank you for your follows:
!
I'm bored :/ lol my back hurts these chairs are mad uncomfortable !
lol
getting ready for crabtree!
send an email to !
np 'Daniel' Bat for Lashes
Reputation management and personal brand are key in search says
Do what specific recipe says.
Difference likely a function of the ingredients involved.
That's a good distant run.
Keep it up?
Running a 1/2 or full soon?
I just heard Jason misterz's new single on the radio.
Someone's stuck in the year 2002.
:/
Good Spirits
hey, now that im a minority owner, im technically youre boss.
doctorp and give me 50!
LOL!!!!!
J/K.
Be a winner.
Word of the day: phenomenal
According to CEIR, 73 or more of executives rate exhibitions as highly valuable to achieving their marketing objectives.
Yes, suspending the band for 1 year should be the minimum, frats/soro org have strict rules  reg.
This was a crime!
How are you guys doin today??
lucky duck
If you only do what you know you can do  you never do very much.
Tom Krause
RT : I'm scared to doctorve : lol its nothing to it but to do it!
U gota confront your fear amber I used to be like that too
sounds good!
:D
I keep listening to 'Unfriend You' its amazing !
Xx
Burger King with
O O O O O OKAY
awesome!
I'm glad you got them.
Yeah the CDs do sound better.
The size of the audio file on the cd is much bigger  better :
a good business venture/relationship is when both parties feel they have gained something positive from the relationship.

my 900th tweet will be wasted on ....
Cant wait to see you today 
i find it almost impossible to believe that anyone could like Rush for even a second unless they were secretly Canadian.
PSA 03: Popsicle is one letter away from you know what!
This PSA is brought to you by the Sunshine.
I would but idk any!
Lpl
Up early , going running with Jess , Liv and Molly , then I have tumbling for 2 hours ,:
Terrorist threat to UK includes a plane from India to crash into the country.
doctorkeCriesWhen He has to Shut It Down.
no I gonna help my sister
i heart mister Clean Magic Eraser.
It worked wonders around my apartment!
May 7th 2007  Israeli archaeologists discover the tomb of HerodtheGreat south of Jerusalem.
No prob!
Take your time.
I wont be launching any new content until the beginning of January.
Favorite Swedish word  Flodhast.
Meaning  Hippo.
Direct English translation  River Horse.
I'd like to talk with you about using one of your photos for a book cover.
Oh I had that very same horrible conversation.
Glad I stumbled onto SMsportschat just in time for the golf Tiger question.
Feel free to ask me about anytime.
Shut up, Bigbooty, you coward.
You are the weakest individual I ever know!
Lord John Whorfin
I would love to see more artistic/creative makeup  that's what I'm going to school for!
Office rumors.
Hate them!
I think Dick Clark is going to get Heaven into the Rock  Roll Hall Of Fame!
wow I can remember watching him on television 30 years ago!
Good Morning California!
Let me know how it is.
I've been wondering.
WTF!!
It started to pour this really suck!!
No fun at all...
God please stop the Rain for Me to witness
Did you see author's response to critics w/ more asinine comments?
I'm not posting b/c needs less hits for trolls.
somebody's fucking with me, so now I'm just deleting people I know instead of people I don't.
That'll show 'em
Happy Saturday on our way to see JK in Detroit, WOOT WOOT!
: 
Roasted veggies and greecian chicken...
Im so winning right now...
Light and filling on this warm spring/summer evening all smiles this way
Popz Jus Laced Me Wita Video Camera He Finally Realized Hiz Oldest Son Got Talent.
A Time 4 Dat 1st Video.
yep!
And chocolates.
She's good like that.
I'm caught up in my fears and it's tearing me down...
Hey Abby my sister How are you Doing tonight?
Sales conference continues with our distro clients.
has a new Ferlinghetti.
Ignorant bitches  
are you watching First Take?
so sleepy at work...good thing there are no clients to see today
happy birthday!
Yes of course we're still in DFW : wait so you got us a show at trees???
lol
I'm liking my prediction I made before the playoffs began: Indiana upsetting Miami in the 2nd round.
lmao what if its as small as him that would suck
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
Leo Aikman
I just read this 'Repetition is the only form of permanence that nature can achieve'
I'm glad you loved the service.
What could we do to improve the food?
Lmao pass me the name of that song
Girl walking in the hallway, others like  bitch you aint SHIT  
Just shoot me an email: purplepantsgreenjersey gmail com
Not a zero sum game  We are not asking this country to focus on YMOC at the expense of girls.
Victor Saenz, UT Austin
omfg its cold!
Romney cannot be President when he gets so tied in knots when confronted with surprises.
Presidency requires quick thinking  good judgment
Choir got out early, siting outside CFA just enjoying the day and doctornking tea.....
A definite win
Thats a great way for the people inland to learn more and hone their skills before they get out here and surf
One more day until the holiday weekend!
Make your Friday go by faster by coming to Coop's for lunch!
Shania, sorry about the fall...
I still think you're hot.
Billy Crystal is hosting the Oscars!!!
It's not too late.
And thanks for reminding me!
The Long Holidays will be at tonight.
Show starts at 8:00.
8.
21.
5 PINTS!
how about we just stop the whole YOLO thing.
mmk.
Thanks again Chris!!
You are helping so much!
If someone wants you in their life, they'll make room for you.
You shouldn't have to fight for a spot.
TheSW see, told you!!
im still picking Smoke
Very good idea.
Checked, updated, fixed.
o....
forever alone
that would be riveting.
FF Thanks for the mentions  RTs this week!
via
first tweet in months.
Can't wait to see you
Memorial Day weekend!
I'll bring the diamonds, roses and champagne!
Lol!
I wanna see a mini cooper police car full of midget cops
FF it's to early for that shit!
I got it in the am
how're you??
: Joey doesn't have a hair brush so I'm using a fork.
Yolo.
not YOLO just
yeah well im gonna knock em out with black nikes on my feet, and imma smile when I do
Thank you for the mention!
In the works, it takes a village to help in working with transformation.
Hate to do this but time to move on .
.
.
McDonalds sounds real good right now
Just wanted to say Good Job on FREE.
It's getting spins from me on KYTE FM!
If it's not who you REALLY want, you'll always feel lonely.
What is.
Good side
I make time for good people and loyal friends.
I don't make or save time for people that aren't going to be as loyal as me.
on the road to riches watch out for the hoes and bitches
Don't make me come over there RT I suddenly have Beiber fever..
Nfl weekend and the steelers are out this sucks
Thank you!!!
i suppose, though by that logic cooking, music, and sports are also experience design, along with pretty much everything else.
Coyotes Win ; Diamondbacks beat Phillies; Going to Chase Field Wednesday!
Vs Phillies !
Its FRIDAY 
remember when nobody gave a F about the stock market?
time to get back to that, let the financers starve..
oh they wont they got 100 mil.
Headed someplace warm for spring break or just day doctoraming about the beach?
Either way, we're having an H20 sale!
All water sports...
Happy Thanksgiving!
Listening to Dean Martin sing Winter Wonderland
Please send all collabs to lets work
What are you doing today?
Thank You ...
go Reds ...
can't wait for new casino to open downtown
awww, that's cute that you believe that lol!
everytime I see vids or tweets I think of Gotta Have It by Kanye..
Totally in the mood for some old school
Nice atbat, Corey.
Why would pitchers throw him anything other than breaking balls?
tell him Hi for me!
Did you mean you'll send me something by 10 a.m.
PST or that we should talk at that time?
Either way is fine.
just lemme know
Aw, crapyou were at the LARB thing last night?
I missed the chance to make awkward small talk.
There is nothing evil about professorts, government failing to improve all it's citizens lives is.
professort is an indicator of societies success.
HEALTHCARE15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co.
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today.
idothat2 : RT : : Ever had too much caffeine and yet not enough?
irony java  daily.
I'm feeling good with a comeback in twitter after not being on 3 years, cedus la pedus
..
Even Helen Keller doesn't like the acoustics at the Main Street Armory
That AWESOME moment when you pause what you're watching  can laugh.
Example: mister Chopra was paused making a chopping motion with his hands.
Our democracy has been hacked.
It no longer works to serve the best interests of the people in this country.
God is bringing me out of dis.
really looking forward to Sunday and a picnic out of town.
Will get the chance to meet old friends I love.
austin mahone yeah , yeah :
Lost Dog  Chihuahua light brown with a white chest and white paws Sherman Oaks, CA.
Call 8189060638
so weird, i NEVER use myspace for anything anymore
a simple Cuisinart citrus juicer.
So So So So Tired .
.
.
Goodnight Tweethearts.
3
Totally agree!
The bigger the risk, the greater the reward  at least that's what I strive to believe in!
have a sweet time :
Finally going to see the Avengers tonight.
Goddamn.
Liz Phair Tomorrow!
Five Most Common Hiking Dangers on the Trail
I love my fraaaaands
Do you know anyone represented by Matt or Ethan and Greene and Associates?
3
gotta babysit for a while dont want to
no prob BRO ;
I was surprised!RT : Had no idea Maine was such an early victim to the temperance movement
I know many of you will miss our key lime pie, so here's the recipe: 1/2c key lime juice, 3 egg yolks, 112oz sweetened condensed milk.
Super sore from riding yesterday!
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
Paul Fix
Research: when you don't know what you're looking for but will recognize it when you find it.
did someone say DD?
I miss our daily tweets to each other!
Thanks for the info.
Keep up the great work.
I'll definitely check your blog/website some more.
Merry Christmas!
we see you...
let us know if there's anything you need from us
Chris whatshisface from Coldplay seems like such a massive tool
So long ottawa.
See you nxt game.
Just arrived in NC.
About to get a sound check going.
TIM what are the results of the games at UNO so far
marry me?
and come to portland oregon?
3
another day, another dolla!!!
THANKS GOD I GOTTA HOLLA!!!
penguins absolutely gave that series away.
Most talented choke I've ever seen, starting with a goalie who was historically sievelike
not raising the debt ceiling  preserving Bush tax cuts, are the Repubs trying to put us in a depression?
RT : Incredible Pizza!
Phififofumble!
When are you going HOME already!?
Im getting bored with your chemical imbalance
but I am so bored /:
yum!
The Bedford is my favorite brunch.
I hope you're enjoying the bottomless mimosas.
Blargh.
I need someone to play mw3 with.
thanks for the shares guys!
happy tuesday
hey!
i motor boat titties too!
; rt : My lady baws JayYF cheats on her bf with me ; she motor boats my titties
Kobe is fatigued
i know what trend are : i didnt know that was the abrev.
don't suck tonight!
you gave them a dollar they gave you a boner?
No, the wedding itself is on 6/9.
We're just getting together with some local friends today.
:
Who dat!
Two Dat!
Send them Fourty Whiners home with a BIG L!
Q: Do you eat roe?
A: I like to stay as far away from a lady crab's eggs as possible, if you get my meaning.
I must admit that and I do know how to have fun
you mean besides hilarious videos?
Getting out of Pittsburgh tonight..
Such is the life we've...chosen?
Oh, and HubSpot may need to think about getting a few more comfortable couches
Morning is bad.
Maybe I should wait until afternoon to get out of bed?
never stop living up to your title.
It's impossible anyway, but as usual you made this PPV worth it.
hey love your song CALLINGALLTHEMONSTERS i cant get it out my head
well I've beenn sick for 4 days now
Do your marketing communications have a clear, consistent message?
They should if you want your customer to get your message.
I live in Miami, am a new Yorker and jersey girl who travels a lot to Paris.
: MAKE SURE Y'ALL GO REQUEST 480 bizness BY ON 101.5
full day...
mental workout...
welcome back to
Dont let yourself be put in somebody else's box.
Keep moving, growing, and this will demand that we develop new skill sets Lyte paraphrase
Thanks for all the great articles and advice!
We enjoy following you
Hahahahahaha!!
truth RT : you look like a child are you surprised?
Failure is not about insecurity, or bad luck.
It's about lack of proper execution.
yeah that would be good for ya, I'm not looking forward to the heat :
Someone should tell Sally that Community is moving to Fridays.
That oughta do it.
or he read mass communications for dummies
Upset so I'm baking.
Hopefully they will be good!
even if Mexico made a good beer i still wouldn't buy any..
happy cinco de mayo
I got me some Takís
Opponents are throwing everything they can at Romney this week.
Now McCains opposition research book from 08 surfaces?
Wow.
going late to school 
Movies and writing.rhymes till i crash
don't throw out your ex's shit while Bon Iver's on your iTunes, you will shed a tear or twelve
Do you excessive sleepiness?
What is that  falling asleep watching tv, at stoplights, etc.
Angels what sucks is its been the same problem for years.
created this new genre of dance music called tala its nuts you should check it out.
When things seemingly fall apart ; it's God preset order to show out in our lives!
Happy Sunday twitter people!
please RT me and like me on fbook!
facebook.com/justjawaan THANKS!
i still wanna be on
Aw ok ..glad u like the pic
but some people aren't visual learners!
: Text is much better for me than photos.
A sack, fumble, and return for a TD would make for a nice hat trick for the D
Only 4.
But maybe the Orioles should take up this philosophy.
Starting 4 pitchers at once is bound to get you a good performance.
baby must've been hanging out with zayn : haha
hey dude sup
Does anyone have a handle on how much Eurozone liquidity has found its way to our stock market the last few months pushing indexes higher
lol.
I just woke up my hubby.
Had those same thoughts.
Officially Landed!!
NYC 
Some people in the office ordered out for lunch and forgot to ask me if I wanted anything.
Again.
ElClasico It is on!
Matt Nathanson warning up...peeked in!
Sorry Pollard..No INT..Instead a first down for NE..
cant believe im stopping in gainsville to get something to eat
Had tha music on full blast, nd didnt even realize there was someone at tha door, who knows how long they were there lol
A very Happy Mother's Day to you, Janna!
Had two lunches today.
I've been good.
How bout u?
the more the merrier!
You'll even get an interview out of the deal:
whoa.
Lol.
Poor guy.
:P I didn't know you guys knew each other that long.
Monk's!
Did Pau Gasol's girlfriend break up with him again?
It went great and it was fun having it locally.
Good luck on your Xfactor audition!!!
Sucks to be you bro 
goodnight again friends follow also Godbless
Man need a new textin buddy :
Me and are going chinchilla hunting in South America!!!
he didn't seem like the type that would explode
Hey!
Yes we do.
: We have 2 new songs so far!
when I say  your a Z hole you say  you have a Z hole kk hah
Love that commercial RT : Um did anyone else jut get an ad for FarmersOnly.com ??????!!
Are you a fan of Trueblood or Twilight?
Come doctorssed in your Vampire or Werewolf costume during this week's Party Pit April 26 from 6pm2am!
R.I.P Earl Scruggs.
No finer picker of that 4stringed instrument from Mother Africa!
BallerStatus.
No one we are so compatible!
WE HAD A CONNECTION AND SHIT..
BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY YOU A LIAR!
I believe that Petit Manseng is one of the state's signature whites, but may be wrong.
Viognier is the other.
ThingsMyExSaid I love you ThingsISaid I think we should break up...
Interview with Imam Osama Hasan today at the Victoria Islamic Center to talk about Foot Hood and Alavi Foundation.
Can't wait to Watch!
North dekalb mall movie theatre.
Striving for mediocrity.
America's so great!, there's all this glory!
America's doctoraming another bedtime story for you and me.
They will only limit your mind.
I like your tweet.
I AM giving away your 200 GC to at WarmBellies Twitter party 2night!
7 pm ET Can't wait!
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
quote Winston Churchill  Happy Mother's Day
If Internet Suddenly Breaks Down What to do?
parents make no since I swear!
Im not trying to pressure you just can't stop thinking about you, you aint even really gotta be my girlfriend.
Day 1, am I already fried.
yolo 
hey sis r u on
Changing out the front bearings this morning
just wanted to say something...um: this is pretty hard to say but your hot
i feel like your creepin everyones tweets : am i right or what?
I dunno!
Ha just am
seems like I am bitchin' alot tonight!
should be stitchin!
y tu???
i swear last nite was not the nite and i will never do that shit again
I really love that record.

Nothing , Just Going Over My Friend House.
Aye .
I think that's in Portland, not Seattle.
Wish it were everywhere.
its going down  Nectar Lounge in Harlem 2night, 121st and Frederick Douglas 9pmthe plan is to make a memorable Sat night for all involved
One simple way to prevent rental fraud: Acquire your rental real estate leads from an established
We will be recording a special acoustic version of Last Story and maybe Disappear Saturday.
My daughter, who I haven't heard sing since her grade school talent shows, is auditioning for AI on Friday.
Hope we see :
the Commodore has been gassy lately.
Feed your brain with McLane
YKI!
: goo chiefs www
I Would Be A GREAT Big Sister!
Chris was a cuttee baby
im pissed my pc is too slow for d3!
lmao!
Mayb cause they thirsty for that seamen.
Ya knw she ain't gunna eat that ddick unless she a crazy ass hoe
Haven't even looked at the SB yet, but I know NE has a good price at 3 at some places.
I was talking about you..
Oh
miss you!
It's hard not to talk to the iPad.
awkward famous barista
: as it turns out...
I likey the beer
Happy Birthday!
: Those who stay will be champions!
It's all about the money for some!
Thank you Culture Shock for bringing music and dance to the work
Fruit snacks and NyQuil ..
RT if you have a imstagram,facebook keek,youtube and of course twitter!!!!!!!
of course i have all them LIKE A BOSS:
An empty stomach may be the most powerful prayer posture in Scripture.
Mark Batterson The Circle Maker
Kalyn Kamps with seven strikeouts through three innings as Belmont leads 10 entering the fourth.
Stop coming out the house half naked '
Damn there were too many people performing and speaking tonight
He is moving there soon don't worry lol RT NowListening If I Ever Fall in Love  Shai ...
Throwback LoveIt WheresMyBoo?!
yup u ain't bout this life lol
LET's GO STEELERS!!!
We need a WIN!!
herworld Jennie, gr8 to have u there.
Ur attendance helped encourage others.
thanks!
hahahaha Too funny.
Plenty of witnesses say he did it.
But it's ancient history.
I hold these guys accountable for stuff after they turn 18.
Snapbacks and tattoos.
good for you Jeanne.
You're well on your way hun.
xo
: YearBook Is the best class, I NEVER do anything in here haha Boy That's All My Classes
Loving right now.
So excited to see and this Saturday!
Just had a really successful demo!
Long Island was awesome last night!
Philly today at UACA hall 10 bucks 7 awesome bands be there!
RT : If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing....
follow me i will follow back and give shouts outs
...
I see what you did there.
it will be around may for my birthday
This has been the longest week of my life!
I feel like one day....ima get soo tired of him doing this  just....say goodbye..../:
Should be a very entertaining series.
What a wonderful year for basketball!!!
I hear and I forget, I see and I remember, I do and I understand.
CHECC OUT NEW VIDEO...REMIX 2 doctorKE'S MOTTOTRAYVON MARTIN TRIBUTE!
NOW ON YOUTUBE....................ONE SHOT TRAYVON MARTIN!
still.
Come, come
Out of church, about to get it in at Jackson's.
Ilove you too3: we née to bring them old days back:
Headache.
I need a bubblebath.
Ugh my phone is pissin me off
myweekwithmarilyn Monroe:  I am the sights Ugh.
I can't WAIT to see the play!
Did u see that!!!!
think that's doable, at maybe 1 pm?
will confirm
What matters more to you: winning DWTS or wearing a Packers uniform in 2012 season?
i'm surprised you were not on here earlier, gina.
When your mom gets mad at you for your new VS underwear.
Doesn't seem to work well on my iphone.
RT : If you guys have more feedback on , I want it.
2 PEOPLE SAME HOUSE AND NOBODYS TALKING
I confess i have a gambling problem now they put a casino within five mins walking distance from me lol ...
Oh thou the temptations lol
we have a bunch of members going to see you there I hope!
And since the Ivy won't participate in postseason play, the Pioneer winner would get a walkover.
Sorry Pasadena.

I so funnnyyy
always.
And barging into my room.
Like I don't sleep with clothes on nigga chill.
Lol
Cannes est toujours belle.
;
best mommy in the world
EXACTLY!: let trayvonmartin's parents speak please!!!!
attorneys and ministers bogarting the press conference.
cnn
fight me.
CP's database to constanly updated, so results never exactly match current VA files or publications
Wish there was a like button on Twitter!
So young, so full of life and vibrant side by side wherever you was riding I went.
Cmon Milwaukee let.the sunshine!
It seems so old, but hard work  dedication is still the key..
Just in Case you ever need an attorney, Top Tier is the only trusted source for an attorney for your legal needs!
HAVE A GREAT THURSDAY!!
yah that's a rough commute!
;
LMAO.
Early Xmas present.
I know.
I met her a year ago and had a blast with her : life is too short.
Hey Sacramento!
I'll be doing Halloween pet photos at Incredible Pets today starting at 1:00.
4005 Manzanita Ave, Carmichael, CA.
Hi Danny
Building an igloo around my desk in honor of the building's ridiculously powerful AC and my coworkers' need to work in arctic temperatures.
New video  AMAZING SHIT!!!!
My theory is if you play that then the POTUS comes on TV  say's we're going to war, enlistments would skyrocket!
Wish I would have known it existed....
Understand that libraries are something of sharing information and knowledge
Turned the TV on at the perfect time.
What's the point of the NFL appeal process: you're appealing to the same commissioner who made the original decision?
the sponsor package said 4 years.
For the next 6 days my life is stress.
Infinite stress.
As much stress as my poor brain can handle.
STRESS.
EVERYBODY give me the most randomsongs you can think of from the year 2003 and back.....GO!
The only unbearable thing is that nothing is unbearable.
My favorite albums of 2011 are take care  Under the mistletoe
Been writing some awesome songs lately!
Who wants to hear some new music?!?!?
:
...
Yea, Heat fans usually don't care too much about losing, since they still have 7 titles coming thier way in the near future.
: Thank you!
Happy Friday!
I am reminded of that about every 5 minutes!
that's an interesting thought!
discarding cassette tapes.
bliss.
do you have a happy hour in your Alexandoctora location?
If so, from when to when?
Well, I'm sure there will be much more wine throwing at my shoot than with , so you'll be missing out :P
hey i never got an email, should i have gotten it by now??
the editor is pumped up about our next pick .!!!
get ready traders our PREPUMP alert is coming soon!!!!
The refusal to admit change in our lives is a major obstacle to transformation.
We cling tenaciously to our habitual ways of doing things.
cocktails and cooking.
It's about that time.
What are you doing for lunch Denver?
!
I forgot everything ..but thank you :  I sometimes I wanna take their yoga pants  tie it around their mouth ..
Omg.
WE NEED TO SKYPE.
RT : Mythbusters did an episode on this, they found that a ducks quack does in fact have a slight echo
Just watched Rio you gotta be like a crazy love hawk ahwook hehe :P
howmany times have u been to a game and seen espns top1play...its worth every mtmmore210satx
Weighing pros/cons on how to create new book lists.
So far only 1 pro for Library Thing  name recognition.
Worldcat Lists is kicking ass!
Google Adwords.
Used to Spent 3k per day.
Now I'm lucky to spend 300  Take my money Please!
Start WLC tomorrow!
2 1/2 weeks of the US Army's elite beginning leadership school at Fort Bliss.
The beauty of a girl cannot be mimicked, fabricated, or created by human means, it only occurs naturally.
Pam Callaghan
It's finally opening day for the !
Who's going to the game?
Thanks Paul!
Great Wednesday to you my friend and thanks for being so supportive to a creepy guy :
Hey was he at the Renaissance hotel?
is glowing with gratitude.
U gotta have candy corn teeth to wear that says Michael Kors!
Like Wise Greg.
if you're able to do so, the girls at wegmans who's name tags say in russian i speak russian love when you flirt with them in it...
i would say 23
Genuses?
Really?
Brother Gavin, my 4th Year Latin teacher, just blew a gasket.
Dependability is the product of accountability.
Matt Flynn the next Skins QB?
Dope, just dope.....
I've got a year until graduation and I'm trying to figure out what to do to make that year matter.
LARA FABIAN  I Am Who I Am: via
Sometimes I wish I could go back to freshman year.
Not because I have regrets, but because I'm not ready for this part of my life to be over
Jake is a liar.
have a fabulous time:
I'll throw it up on the site.
Cant wait to hear and review it.
Idk Why I Be Having Guns Knowing Ian Shoot Jail Ain't For Me I LOVE My Freedom Nd Tha Pussy Too
BeThere for a kid!
Buy a bowling pin for 1 at Jack in the Box  ALL proceeds go to Big Brothers Big Sisters of Eastern Missouri!
MISTLETOE amazing !
April 12th Twitter Thursdays begin inside of Endless Music!
Last night's The Magic Flute was the perfect opera for the kids.
Emmanuel Hudson Yo man you should make a song called Ratcheet Girl Smell Or Rathceet Girl Stank
Also enjoyed meeting Olive Technolgy's Jon Hirst.
They are doing some great things in India, Indonesia and Colorado Springs.
The U.S.
too pays inflated prices for pharmaceuticals.
Why are we accepting this system?
Where is the demand for transparency?
Soon after publishing his first website, he started to gain some traction from businesses in need of his services
They found a crematorium and asked the prisoners where they were.
The men responded that it was a camp called Dachau.
hassynyc Shot my challenge 8 today.
Look fir it son.....
Vita Coco is clearly the most superior of all coconut waters.
Except the one that actually comes right out of the coconut.
What was the BeeGees video we did?
Which song was i flying through the air on ?
Thinking of Robin Gibb right now.
Bynum is a 7year vet.
Age aside, he has reached his ceiling...the lakers should have traded him when his value was super high 2 yr ago
Bored rn...
Anyone wanna text?
lol i think you forgot to mention the person who gave you a shoutout
Ha!
A stylish EtherGeek swimteam backstroking on the ether :
Maybe I should just get a wig and nicki minaj it this weekend ...
off to cardiobarre....
feeling the burn already!
Thanks, you rock!
I'll be sure to use the form next time, sorry about that!
I keep forgetting that today is Friday :p
Lookin' good Bryan!
Look forward to checking it out.
are you still online?
please say you are!!
Ran with reindeers today, literally...
it's an Alaska thing :...
I was trying to ride one..
but the snow was too mushy...
got kicked : lol
I think I have an unhealthy crush on captainin America
twittertools SocialWhoIs: This website is a proof of concept that a better Social Media can exist; a social media based on interests and p
I know your thoughts .
Oh you bout it bout it ?
Mom: I need to take all my doctorgs.
Brother: I'm right behind you, mom.
Maybe I could use one when I'm up on the top of my ladder cleaning windows!
: took scads of video; will let you know if/when any gets posted.
Always a pleasure to listen to you.
Chicago is sold out 
how was the show?
Big week wrapping up interviews on young adult unemployment w/super crew
The sixth of Steven Saylor's The Seven Wonders stories is out now in the May Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine.
It's set at Olympia.
Kevin Sizemore rocks on
and that's why you'll either change your pants or not have breakfast.
Time for the perculator
This social media pres looks great.
knows his audience: cute kittens and adorable childoctorn in the slidedeck
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
You got that too?
I did too this morning!
Apparently, the spammers got ahold of the Seattle startups list somehow.
Does anyone know if we actually have to use a meal for midnight breakfast tonight?
time o kick some ass in yahtzee :
Happy 5th of July!
But I'm Fasho about to tear them greens up later...
absolutely nothing to do at downtown
I'll take the cow.
Is there innout in Mariposa?
i will .
tomorrow morning .
heck yea!!!
Audience question for  : how do you engage younger artists to get involved in the study  preservation of
Dallas TX.
48 years ago today.
The memories are still vivid for me.
Uhh..it already went by.
lol.
I need updates on UWWhitewater title game!
now that's funny!!
But who do you twitterfollow vs who's in your g circles?
Surely there's a difference, especially at this point in g's life.
Oh we swear, all right!
Earl's not gonna be the same anymore.
it's not as though cell phones erased the heartaches of breakups, eg.
lmao guess when we get called out we stop following people!!!
just to add my thought, it's one of my favorite songs because simply of the message
Good morning Boston friends!!
Hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday :
Wonder how the employment problem will change the way we think about labor issues like pay, type of work  different classes of labor
Where is Pepsi getting all their market research from?
WHO IS DEMANDING ALL THESE SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT VERSIONS OF PEPSI?!
Infantino Balance Baby Carrier, Spindles, 835 Pounds  Infant Sling
according to 3rd party sources I have been told it was excellent.
Eventually they will stop eating  I will get my turn
Petroski's great achievement is science for nonscientists.
Not sure I buy that concept either.
Im scared for you is gonna get ya lol....Im just gonna keep sending these tweets lol
figuring that out today.
Just finished reading FH an hour ago.
Will let everyone know tonight!
Back this weekend, started feeling a little too West Coast.
Did you have fun playing superstar at the mall?
shut it !
I don't knw how to put one up lol !
I just accidentally learned to reply lol
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
6:30 pm today the Cute Is What We Aim For interview will be posted.
I unfortunately did not catch up with TBL, but will do so son!
How there are people in the world that hate tomatoes, I will never understand.
Nap time doee 
I fucking love you man!
is ready to strangle these creative teams on THE PITCH.
So am I.
We've had 10 killer ideas already.
Them?
0
good luck today u got fans in Omaha rooting for a 2nd Green Jacket at
Down here at the legendary Tootsies!
Check out 103 FM or www.103wkdf.com.
My son is having a bachelor party on Saturday I am scaring him, by promising to bring strippers.
He knows I won't but he is still worried
AGT the freak show is back
Just realized I won't see my Parkers tonight.
Boo Oh well more time with
Finally off of work!
430, I thought u might never show up!
I like 8tracks because you can upload your own and create your own playlists.
At San Diego City Council hearing supporting next step for San Diego Convention Center Expansion project.
An important boost for our economy
get out while you can
RT You know who can't say he's evolving?
Romney.
My wife  I were unable to attend the Northside 5K due to emergency.
Can we still get our shirts somehow?
saw this one!
Pizza of the Week: Hawaiian Luau  Canadian bacon  pineapple with mozzarella.
Where the Hell you been?
Shoot me your instagram if you have one
It it aint worth the money, it damn sho aint worth the time!
Thank you for the tweet.
Honestly, this is a great opportunity for students.
Under Armour treats interns very well.
What a great game between LA and VAN.
End to end all night, excellent goaltending.
Helluva lot of fun to watch.
heyy i saw ur comment...thank u : i worked VERY hard on it!
heard you on KPRI tonight.
Getting lots of airplay  great.
Hey waz up
I'm still cold !
he probablly likes you no boy says that to a girl for nothing ':
Won't argue Artest wanted space/was going to move Harden, but I keep watching and don't think the elbow to head was intentional
What more can you ask for  getting paid for doing what you love
Interesting CB pick by the Packers.
Still not sure what they have in House given injury last year.
thanks for the awesome video.
I loved the music :
I love my mom
please follow me?
:D heheheh i love you
Truth be told I miss you..
Truth be told i'm lying
though I'm obsessed with Iceland, I'd stick to calling you David.
My Icey language skills are a bit crap.
Avengers Major fangirl moment.
So good!
Mari!!
Como estas?
Spicy buffalo wheat thins 
We hope you enjoyed your brunch today!
Enjoy the rest of the weekend.
Competition cuts down Medicare fraud
about to get a shower, missing ashly so much.
seeing her tomorrow yay.
and she bought me new axe.
WOO HOO!!!
immediate block
Whoops I broke the entire museum.
SORRY GUYS.
We're huge fans of your site.
Found you on the internet and now we can't stop reading: excellent posts on design and architecture!
check out article on the nba lockout, www.weeklylineup.net,
Make yourself necessary to somebody.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you!
Some day maybe, all my doctorams'll be repaid...
woo hoo!
psyched.
Is our mail down?
Only Nba Scouts would pack a UK vs UNC go CATS!!!!
: sounds like a plan!
What year?
keeping yall in my prayers.
Hang in there.
Good brings better, better brings the best...
It's not always happen but it can happend if we do it.
Thx for the mention, Holly.
Susan
Always happy to help grow the community!
Good morning everyone :
my students won't stop giving me candy!!!!
I have Samsung glaxay 1 , I like the customization of andoctorid but the fragmentation is concerning
Did I?
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.
Marquis De Vauvenargues
Finally made it home!
Now sleep.
Almost to Nahville with We have 7 more exits to go
Kansas State and Mizzou fans
do you bond with will a lot?
.....a natural tendency is to want to be understood rather than understand..........
absolutely.
running community on twitter is the best!
feels like it's been forever since I worked...tomorrow morning.
Excited to share HERB with a group of preservice social studies teachers at NYU this afternoon!
RT: Guys shud save kissing them lips below the waist for special women only
It's totally a delivery day!
Oh, wait, almost every day is for me lately:
That's the name of my email file for you!
not patronizing sorry I've been super busy next few years potential major life changes
Follow follow follow, please!
:
Thoughts and prayers to Judy this afternoon!
Get well soon!
RT : i might give the celtics Royce White instead of Doron lamb.
I love the c's getting henson though
Where you still interested in being featured in my magazine?
The Hip Hop Generation by Bakari Kitwana is a real good book.
I do lol
The first law of dietetics seems to be: if it tastes good, it's bad for you.
Isaac Asimov
Ah...the encyclopedic MS knowledge comes thru.
Thx!
RT : you see it in Lacryma
Why yes, in fact I DO LOVE sunny warm weather
Thats the 2nd person today that told me i look like a school girl.
:
Bring back your cover of Black by We'd go apeshit!
I love Austin for being him he doesn't have to change for anyone.
He's perfect in my eyes.
I am curious as to how folks define social media beyond Twitter/Facebook.
Enewsletters?
Wikipedia?
Blogs?
Any questions or comments about our services...?
Feel free to email me at !
www.MyBizXchange.com
Hey, not yet, have to bring a copy.
It was inspiring to see how so much support for Oakland today.
When did nicki start doing pop music
: Will do!
Can't wait!!
Shots RT : happy to see u again tonight : come to say hello!
We're on the island now, too.
We'll give as much news as we can.
haha, thanks, Rei!
I can't believe it's Monday :/ and I can't believe it's almost March, too!
Kristen Ghodsee joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture Series tomorrow to talk about her book Lost in Transition.
Noon to 1:00pm in the Rines.
My wife got hit on by a doortodoor salesman today.
Feel free to ask her about it!
Yea its crazy!
Apparently my dad had a crush on your mom back in the day
sure, why not?
throw your Dodger loving picture up there.
; j/k any friend of baseball is a friend of mine.
I LAVE YOU BABY  Don't ever forget that I hope you're feeling better!
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things Peter doctorcker
Master Chief wouldn't make it on Helgast though.
This game is going to give my ass a heart attack lol
DYK Beef cattle production is the single largest segment of American agriculture
MUNI pretty much ruins my day.
Everyday.
The system needs to encourage people to move in and not congregate at the doors!
Your perfect.3
said we should hang out, but has yet to txt me!
I like just about everything.
Indian and Chinese are my favs glad Great Dane and Jac's have GF menus though
Sounds incredible!
I am mapping out my Wellness Week shortly, I will have to stop by for one of the specials :
now i have a fever...
...increases the value simply because everything else made by man decays over the years and decades.
New!
0calorie chocolate that tastes as good as the real thing!
...No, of course not.
But I'll bet YOU lied about the Easter Bunny yesterday
Dont give a F who the Knicks play
My 1st NBA game?
It might have to be a courtside event.
Love
I like both.
RT : Q2b Do new staffers want socializing with coworkers, supervisors or both?
Kindness is more important than Wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of Wisdom.
Theodore Isaac Rubin
RT : San Antonio this Thursday 4/12 EndLess Music
I must have just missed you two.
I just left the pool...
There were too many doctornk teens there for me.
Time to work on this speech for history blah 
Psalm 16:8 thoughts and prayers with our precious family....
Concert tonight with mom at church!!
YES!!:
Honestly, I could live at Cinnabon, no matter the rest stop.
ya no soporto a felipe i a rodoctorgo
Big announcement?
word!!
You willing 2 compete?
Ok, 3rd cup of coffee ladygaga in my head OKC is still in bed!
Late at night, when I can't sleep..I think about you and me and what we used to be.
top 2 scorers in 1 game?
Laying in bes listening to love songs, thinking about you...god I miss you :
Words to live by: Karma's only a bitch if you are.
: when u smile it makes everything so much better:
I hope everyone has a great Easter!
Agreed.
I try to cancel at least 2 per week.
declare sacred time a yourself and others
should be expecting an appointment from me soon :D
and I know she doesn't buy new things because she is saving to take us on vacation please help my mommy please 3 love kaylin
so someone shut off my computer.
It's at 17 but it's not going.
I'll start it when I leave.
Thanks ASTD for hosting the TK11 conference.
I can't wait to start incorporating some great tips I learned into my eLearning!
Shout out to the homie and playing against each other 2nite
lol don't even need to use words anymore all emojis
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Author Unknown
what?
A self imposed suspension?
It's never good when someone is taking pictures of the huge storm clouds coming your way!
WHO HAS A TWITTER ACCOUNT???
Follow us
Representatives of rival Palestinian movements Fatah and Hamas say they have agreed on measures to end an impasse in reconciliation talks.
I had to give my goldfish away today.
I'll miss you Pablo the fish.
Oh yea.
You gon feel that shit.
Traffic in Newberg, really?!
RatchetChicSuperPowers being able to tell you what kind of car he doctorves just by looking at him
Love MOVIES w/ LADY BOSSES!!
Columbiana HayWire
Excited to get down to N.O.
for the final four.
Going to be fun learning from the best in the business and catching up with other coaches.
YES a2z is hiring in 2012!
Check us out at a2z.com/oc
my phone died..hold up a sec and i'll call you back
The best investor is your customer.
pretty color!
Please please don't say inevidently and then wonder why you can't find a date.
Say hi to the WINNING Rangers for me.
:
Google Chrome is the best.
I can block ads!
Makes my internet experience so much better....and faster, too.
Wade bounced off BDiddy like he ran into a fat Mac truck.
Where's Obama when you need him?
There's a fing fly that's been terrorizing me in the office since this morning.
Higher off the ground.
See you tonight at 8pm at Frenetic Theater for more OUR HOUSE!
Black Lab Theatre
to many tests to much studying..
My brain is like  and all I can say is 
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundoctord days of sorrow  Chinese proverb
Listen to lyfe jennings while workin got me feelin bless
Now at Hybrid Mobile Apps sxsw nativeweb but really want to got the Top Chef panel...
maybe...
Im so good at procrastinating to not work out  ....
enoughs enough.....
Running now sendlove haha
it really isn't worth it
thanks for joining THATCamp Bay Area as a supporting sponsor!
hum of city vs.
house.
pros and cons.
Charmed American Television WB Witches TV Series THREE HOT WITCHES Youth Kids Black Tshirt Tee Shirt
Nice updates Dan!
Thank You for such kind words.
So glad to be connected with you.
Looking forward to reading your book.
Happy Birthday :D
Dissertation.
It will be a fun battle!
Real People.
Real Cash Back.
Congrats Judith H.
of Arvada, CO.
She earned 181 cash back on a recent purchase at Lifetime Windows  Siding!
I'm getting into basketball games and the spirit because of my boyfriend lol
I take back my statement of Stellar Day.
I forgot the universe has a Manos clause wherein if I say it outloud, it takes away.
Yall boyz stay on the grind make the next big star
THIS WEEKEND WILL BE EPIC!!!!
ok, now you may be right.
The fur collar is very Clyde.
Every day u get stronger,u fear the future less.Hard times serve to inspire u and can be what propels u to happiness and success later
That was a quiet move, did anyone see Brewers picked up Takahashi Saito?
One of the better relief pitchers in the game
You're the awesome one!
hahaha..
im a jordan girl more a knight ryder...
love me the brothers
Santé!
RT beer for the Superbowl?
nah, was all about martini of St Germain, Vodka fresh meyer lemon juice.
I love you !
Great show!
If someone doesn't pray, they probably don't have a church.
Aha.
Why the hell would she pick an Adele song?
Too many Adele songs!
3 sang Adele last night.
like wtf.
but I like this rock twist!
Have an awesome workout x
Thanks for the RTs!
Don't worry, be happy.
Thanks!
It's a RPS original :
A heartfelt thanks to all who took part in our Launch Party yesterday.
It's good to be part of such a dynamic, supportive community.
hahaha it is :
AAVG lots of chatter tonight on upcoming weeks...
Strong close all week holding above 50DMA
: glad to see ya back on the news!
Right in the onions!
Classic!
thanks Brandon.
I really felt bad for the ump :
Raw Business Presents : Hollywood HipHop Night Hosted by Performances by and more 4TIX 8198010
oh really
nothing yet!
I need to make something happen!
I just like the city...
thats all.
lol
RT : Having a blast!
rockin' it tonight!
....
Thanks for calling!
WTF!
So she mad cause i hadem before she did ?
Lol okay  ..
Holdin it down for all my winners out there
Creep Opening Night.
Ikr I'm so Happy and btw if u can, come over on Friday because Vanessa is and we can have a sleepover!
Some things just don't need a response.
Welcome back !!
Social experiment for the week: Using that'll do, pig in really inappropriate contexts.
lol watching the movie?
Smith is such a liability on the offensive end.
Kills momentum.
go by iTunes and get your free download of live to rise by Soundgarden, from the Avengers soundtrack
Lol how did that chick get pregnant
Come to 2354 n Milwaukee to saveourclincs  get Rahm to reopen this and 5 other community mental health centers.
Shoutout to my gorgeous :D
so what time is it over there?
So that's why it's taking forever for me to download files...
WeKnowTheDj that Dj dirty darren ...
D Stain bieeeetch...
EEk !!!
It's a front, she hoes !!!
Bwahah
you are so cute
because in real life, when X was just sitting there before the show, I just stood and stared at them.
because I LOVE X.
Nationwide get on my side ......
lol i know boo
Going to see a neurologist tomorrow...
Hope I'm not crazy.
Watching CEO Sarah Brown talk about U..S.
teen birth rates on
Happy Friday!
Monday morning shout out to for just being awesome.
Thx again!!
Congrats to on his 1st day as Digital Strategist for !
shockers nation is proud for u, Matt!
I really kinda wish i had a bike.
Thanks to our staff, front and back for doing what they do best all of last week!
New Week Now...Happy Monday CLE!
Enjoy the Week!
Sorry guys.
but i can't follow back anymore...
what was it about?
Homework, clean, cook, repeat.
Anyone who says he can see through a person is missing a lot.
Groucho Marx
Interactive VideographyWith preloaded digital exhibits  demonstrative evidence, we captainre the live interaction w/them by your witness.
: I was going for the PBJ record last night.
// Peanut butter  jelly?
ladys i love my man because he'll try to give me heaven when ive been through hell,move mountain so i can maintain, find one like that
Ah, that was fun:
That last RT of goes to She'll get the joke:
hahahha!
they just wanna be that pretty ;
Thank you for covering Memories in the Making at Kittle's Furniture in Castleton!
alzheimer's
completely clean.
No problem with that hit whatsoever.
All the fairweather fans I'm with are bitchin.
mister Geldoctors is mad..lol cause someone said weed is good.
It's an old White woman in Wilcox County that just keeps up evil all the time.
She needs to be more concerned about her breathing.
its always good to work with great minds..
art direction fashion/tv/film
In Barbados, a loud cricket means money is coming inWish I was in Barbados!
There is a loud cricket outside/9:30am!!
LOL
It's important to have it checked than just curing it without knowing the reasons for its discomfort.
:
worldwide, in Louisville ky.
It's Derby Day.
Lol.
Hourlong conversation with my mom.
She's truly the most selfless and giving person I know.
Always feel better after talking to her.
wanna go to a concert tonight?
No hun, I don't want your boyfriend.
Nobody wants your boyfriend...
that's why he's with you.
ai what about Jay Park!
Oh wait...he lives in America
oh I an
knock 'em dead!
Not literally.
the AMC has had inv.
journ.
wkshps before, but i don't know if there's anything planned for
Tonight is Wednesday, you know what that means  10 off all bottles of wine all night long.
; I shaved and waxed my eyebrows and did a hair mask and a face mask and took a bath!
The morning birds are out
I shld expand in my new tumblr, but the more my system depends on a specific implementation of a nosql, the higher cost of regret.
Pretty upset the bid kids get free tickets the night of prom...
I feel like 
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur!
Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr!
I'm leaving my office at 6, since you have the tickets where do you want to meet?
How was the party in Ft.Lauderdale this weekend?
Our sincerest apologies to our followers for not following back!
Had a little Hacker mole but that's history!
Love ur tweets!
UR Hollywood!
Predebate: Bon Filner in Green Room eating all Juan Williams' fruit.
RT Tweet now if you the baddest bitch In your crew,or think you are!!
I know I am!!!!!!!!!!
.
Thanks for the mentions.
Happy Sunday.
anthony davis will be Lexington Sports Cards on friday from 58pm est signing autographs!!!
Get 20 off your spring cleaning appointment!
Thank you!!
Enjoy your last weeks of school and congratulations on graduating as well!
dang!
I thought you bought it somewhere!
I looooovveee mountain dew!
You said you'd always be there for me!
But you're not.
City vs Wolves next.
Come on Wolves!!
Excellent point, thx : RT : I would head home.
The roads are only going to get worse.
Out n about 
Finally got an exacta.
32.....winning
You're such a hater.
Hating onummcalling people haters?
lol
Can't wait to get off work.
Got a good feeling bout the weekend
I hate being cold.
Happy Teachers day to
Nifty flyer designs to your next show, party, event, etc.
for a fair price of only 5.
More work will be posted soon.
Check out our family.
If you'd ever been to the Vanderbilt Mansion in Hyde Park, NY, you'd have seen some beauties like these.
theres always next time!
Diekman!
Now that's how you do it!!
happy birthday!
I got some birthday burpees for you if you're ever in ATL!
RT : Took the day off from Poker and picked up some more odds and ends for my place.
BR 2150.00go Jody!
i'm starting to think i'm never going to be happy on a monday morning
To all my followers and all I follow Merry Christmas.I ask only one thing of you for Christmas please follow Gods Chosen One
dont be bitter that its a lonley world in b223 right now
Bad shit is gonna happen in life.
Don't get mad, get a plan.
Do or do not.
There is no try.
Yoda
Sunshine on the way for SanDiego!
Overcast skies will break midmorning.
Mainly sunny day.
69 coast, 76 inland, 67 mtns, 91 desert.
When I grow up, I fully intend to own a closet full of Louis Vuitton and Louboutin.
That is, of course, after my doctoram trip to Paris.
3
kayden, your so stupid.
Think about it.
Its obvious your kayden.
Get over yourself.
Congrats to Houston and their fans!
Hope to see the stadium in person sometime.
If there's one person you can be sure knows the Queens English, It's the Queen of England.
I should have been filming pieces the whole time.
Would have made for a great vid
you are stunning!
: Just thought I should let you know.
x
Didnt he have a song or album named Chicken  Beer?
Being a Mahomie is the best: right
Cm punk lets go cena
Cool!
Can't wait.
See you there!
Have a great time at Coachella.
Teacher wants to help students be more effective peer editors.
Does anyone have some good resources?
Thanks!
indeed!
the pleasure was mine.
Just spotted a peepee teepee.
Yep.
just got done recording a voiceover for the first Official Transcendant trailer im excited
wtf satan's the fat mexican cousin of chef boyardee
you better not get there late tmister lol ...
que que que
yes thank you next Sunday baby
Wow!
I love it!
The Cheesy fall, taking the Christmas tree down with her, was high art.
Justin Timberlake  Friends Concert  Planet Hollywood Christina Aguilera, DiddyDirty Money, SaltNPepa, The Scene and TPain  More
i am so going home and napping after work today...
I love , especially his inability to mention people in tweets.
I will teach you one day twitter grasshopper.
Words to live by Keep it cute snap snap hairflip or put that shit on mute 
But,i would likeit if I had one.
LaffyTaffy all the way!
All other end of days are the cure for natural causes.
OMB!!
I LOVE U JB!!With out u I wouldn't be able to face the real world!
I LOVE U SOO MUCH!
3 beginning till the end
USA: As a nation we have creative people, Unfortunately, our commitment towards creativity and unique talents were less than enthusiastic.
Family time in Spain, for me the most beautiful place in the world!
C U in a couple of weeks guys!
The largest yet most fragile thing in the universe: The male EGO
Welcome new followers and  Have a happy Valentine's Day.
He uses tape liberally.
Damn, Sen.
Torres Ray is about to beat someone down.
i try
you're not going to sleep in 5 days.
you already are an energizer bunny!
Oh  Thunderstorms are beatiful.
End of story.
First time in Davis Square since seeing Bad Manners with
What's your favorite childoctorn's book?
Check it out of the library and read it to your favorite kid this week!
as a result of differences in wealth and per capita standard of living.
Only, I find the Westerner a lot more selfrighteous.
it is don'tlike
IDK but I dont wanna stay in shit its the summer !
:
After doing a musical tribute to I think I should be fair and post one for everyone on TGP2 Probably next.
McDonald's for dinner!
Who wants some?
:D
And I love seeing that mess : Larry Merchant is the definition of a hot mess
Paul McCartney is getting married for the 3rd time this Sunday.
That's the same day John Lennon would have turned 71.
Need to start working out again, and get in shape.
couldn't agree more!
See DJ Radyus of Chris Styles' DJs Friday 9pmclose.
What does stepping outside the box mean to you?
RT : My yoga instructor is teaching me how to sit Indian style on my own head.
It's not as easy as it sounds.
: OMG prettylittleliars was so god!!!
Aday .
Cant wait until next season already.
june5th yes!
Thanks Chris..
You're awesome.
RT And with this hiring choice, Goodby continues to show their quality.
Watering the backyard, working on the battery on the SwaggerWagon, and calculating new fence costs.
What a hot Friday night!
one point lead!!!
For executable papers: www.worrydoctoram.com/Tangle
What do u mean no reason bro...
I respect the rings and the stats.
Im tired of people looking for the next Jordan.
currently consuming.
Sorry for all these suck ass tweets but don't like well fuck you too!!
Lol
Trying to decide on dinner: Salmon with rice and salad or Strippers and beer.
It's a tough one...
Bought some Kickers and hate them already, they've practically rubbed half my heel off!
vsa2011 Disturbing the Eternal Silence of the Gallery:Dialogue about hunger.Art, public programing, and evaluation raise awareness.Awesome
SomeoneIWantToMeet , he's my idol.
Time to get buff, bra!
Goin' to the gym, liftin' weights, seein' manly bods at the gym.
Awww yeah
RT Tune in to me on
ohh damn.
That sucks bro
this is a great iformation thanks Caleb!
hahaha my cat would NEVER let me stick a chinese container on her head that would be the day!
Watching Rickey smiley on b.e.t funny as hell
we love your cause and are happy to help.
Looking forward to the art show!
I can't tweet on my other account, so yeah.
Idk why
actually you and your georgian should come out to the farm!
im away for a bit but will try you mid may
Tell her i said wassup .
i miss her already .
oh yea very true...and hes not very good at that
what do you call a man who just lost his left arm and leg?
all right ZING!
That's shit was funny haha
National Teacher Day, May 8th.
thankateacher!
yes, right my love..
What r u doing ??
Do we have date  time for the great adventure?
Gold Coast Skydiving in Lumberton, MS.
I believe they doctorp higher than the one in Slidell.
I'm looking 4 local artist 2 get up on this project!
I'm telling u its gonna put Detroit back on da map as the Music capital.
Rap!
Biggest obstacle to innovative collaborating is fear
The scammersspammers r back  it sending me DM's:Jobs where I can make thousands a day,ways 2 stop gossip rumors,  now hookups.Just click!
lol yea lets hope no one calls cps and finds us day doctornking  beating up chirren
Saw parts of two of the worstmovies ever made today.
Air Bud 2,Golden Retriever and Robocop 3.
whatwerethesepeoplethinking?
freaking joe cant just replied to me on his twitcam.
omg.
ps: i have a headache, someone feel free to bring me an americano
do you wanna go back on tinychat please im bored please
Summary Box: Yahoo to double Olympics presence
saturday studio visit goes great.
now i am happy to be awake.
s/o to all my followers.
much love 
exactly.
A risk/reward proposition.
Diamondsinthe rough would be real value add for a doctorft prognosticator
: Halloween video suggestion  You'll Find Out: bad musical w/ Karloff, Lugosi, Lorre  a clarinet talk box.
No lie.
I love learning new things!
Patron asked if I can assign worksheets/homework for the computer class.
A huge portion of advanced education is lifting the fog of the corpus.
Someone needs to deploy the Predator doctorne or TIA of publishing.
Reds win on a walk off Chris Heisey base hit.
.500 homestand isn't that bad of a start considering how bad they looked the previous 2 games!
my mom got sick of me renting weboughtazoo every other day on verizon, so she just bought it for me.
Lol obsessed?
Nah..
I'm wearing holiday socks again for the edits today.
Had fun with you on set today  See ya Tuesday:
Son sees jeandiaper commercial, looks at shorts.
Obviously wants them.
He has cool jeans, but I guess he wants to cut out the middle man.
So...
is we going to the movies or we going to the 99 ?
I officially hate cockney.
I dunno, I don't think any of those are gonna clinch it.
Ismaili sacred sites contained both biodiversity and depth of cultural heritage
I have found cooking bacon in the oven or a toaster oven is the absolute best way to prepare it.
300 degrees for 2025 minutes.
Yummy
The sound that Miles Davis and John Coltrane created when they performed So What is amazing.
One of the best recordings of all time.
I think after 2030 emails you will start getting kinda bored and angry and that's when you will really shine.
i wish my christmas wish truly did come true :
People still play smash or pass?
Lol
I'LL WAVE MY ABS TOO.
CAUSE I HAVE ABS.
AND MINHYUN IS JEALOUS.
Great band they got for Backbeat, I'll give you that.
Eyes Wide Open by Gotye has seriously been stuck in my head for 3 days now....
haha I mean I'm down if you're down.
Although I don't know that many doctornking songs on the horn....
sad stuff!
My Mama cooked breakfast on her special day...thats because she is an ExtraordinaryMom 3
Getting ready to go ride the 150 mile loop around the Smokies it's suppose to be 84 on the Tail of the doctorgon.
Happy Birthday !!!
Nathaniel Alexander was the first to patent the folding chair InSpotter app
omfm!
:'D Why did you use a condom tasting like sour slittles?!
You know I hate sour skittles Austin!
:'D
Hour   downtown Nashville again!
Excited about this, I  this place, its pretty awesome here OVC game  8:00Lets Eagles!
I think the same thing
Excited for the and joint event in NYC tomorrow night!
A goal is a doctoram with a deadline.
Napoleon Hill
thanks!
I think you're right...
The store is what's important :.
Using Blogger as a management tool  interesting, I would never have thought of that.
Cool.
Come by the Farm  say hi to your fellow farmers!
Don't forget our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
One can only hope that Miles does not have MORE followers than me.
If tired of the European debt crisis, don't worry  you'll soon have a global debt crisis as diversion.
Bankers tied it all together nicely.
Tomorrow is the beginning of Campus House of Prayer located in the Tech 24/7 House on Broadway and Ave X!!!
Tell everyone you know!!!
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 16
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!74
loves the 90s station on sirius radio.
listening to my childood.
bump it up!
What a march.
of course your not.
love it my man!
Thanks for the g
Waiter just explained sweet breads.
Lol
Just died laughing!
truegrit and eggs makes for a perfect Sunday morning!
happinessis lazy Sundays in bed!
Take 1, take 21.
Creating a hit takes patience and determination
its awesome.
i aspire to be kelso
RT Come to The Queen Vic at 1206 H NE for your birthday celebration doctornks on us
Are you a great web developer in the Milwaukee area?
Give us a shout and let's talk.
We're
Steven Tyler is such a
Cant sleep 
well, sometimes i have a way of getting in the way of my own success..here's to always learning and moving forward
Read to do my first set of Acrylic Nails!
Kobe system level 10
swprinceton need help?
Email
hey I'd love to but for now I am busy with work
I think they were too.
Everyone says she's crazy, controlling and bitchy.
I know for a fact that I would be too with that many!
bcz when she sat in the chair she said her last bob was corporate  safe so I told her imma make this sexy and UNSAFE
Mani  pedi's or massages are always a safe bet!
I just wanna be myself and I want you to love, ME for who I am.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
ladygaga 3
Beautiful day in Poway : I'd go for a hike around the lake but I'm scared of rattlesnakes!
Haha I'm on a rhyming roll...
Mango lemonade!!!!:
Every Monday from 11pmclose is happy hour...1 off all beers, wells, infusions.
Just so happens to be after 11 on Monday right now...
that's awesome
Short Girls Run Shit !
I'm into singing and acting
'Women see into the soul.
Men just see what they want to see.'
I am there mwfsat 106 but after 3 the main gardner will be there have aquaponics as well
watch boyfriend sleeping, while the dog snore like a freight train, checking emails on my phone in my undies  the rest of my life.
Love.
Are you dealing with a physical card or the app?
When your boys ask you if youve heard make it nasty when you showed them that song six months ago 
You do not lead by hitting people over the head that's assault, not leadership.
General David Dwight Eisenhower
they always threatening me.lol
Have fun guys..
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see  Henry David Thoreau   Paulo Latina
is the Supply Store open on Sunday?
Where can I find the hours?
Qatar on Syria: The situation on the ground is unbearable.
totally overrated.
Morse code, smoke signals and pigeons are all we need.
At the opening of the play Mountaintop starring Angela Bassett and Sam Jackson.
Sure to be a treat.
The place is packed and diverse.
Feel like MIA should jump on the Mercy remix
seriously ????
3 mi?
Or are u exaggerating?
Mistaken for day laborer, which is only sort of right.
howsthewritinggoing?
Mets need him :
Prospects Harvey, Satin lead Bisons to win
You were always there for me and I was always there for you.
the key part of my tweet being  if they want to ACT like wild animals, violent protests, etc, meet aggression with aggression.
these are typically items you have to attend anyway.
I would much rather attend a SOX session with SoMe backing
Hey Cheryl!
All is well.
Rollin' like the Tide into 2012!
i need new songs to learn on the ukulele.
SUGGESTIONS?:
Right up there with Christmas!
RT Hey ...it's national champagne day : 
im gonna get off twitter and go on ....y8.com
it isit completely doctorins the labor pools and costs taxpayers a lot more
nice, I hope it was a victory beer!
Lookout for dogs hanging out at the bar :
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.Vernon Sanders Law
Agreed!
RT : We need more of you to ensure kids get the support to help them make healthy choices
says, hug a partner.
This is really lousy to watch so far.
it's rare that it happens...
Kmsl
bout to beat in just dance
I'm done watching jersey shore.
I swear I feel like I'm about to die
i wish u would RT me or follow me but NEVERSAYNEVER!!
Kratos vs.
Parappa: Who Will Win in the PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale?: We find out which Sony characters w...
China has the worlds oldest calendar.
This lunar calendar originated in 2600 B.C.
and has 12 zodiac signs.
It takes 60 years to complete.
Communitylinks La is Proud to announce the Opening of our NEWmagazine Jewishh Communitylinks Melbourne .
We also have a great magazine i
Love is all we have at the end, so why not bring it on every day; share it, give it, receive it, show it, honor it, live in it and with it.
i hope u enjoy that, i want some too!
lol
I showed our machine learning phd to do something in Excel faster than scripting.
Proud foot soldier for Big Data revolution.
I'm tired bro.
RT : whatifindcute guys who admit they like me gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;
Brava!
That is the point the politicians are missing.
We must addoctorss social problems as the cause of educational problems.
Research has shown that exercise can slow or help prevent heart disease, stroke, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, type 2 diabetes,etc
Thank you for supporting and following Acting In LA!
All new website launching 01/01/11
Iwonder what our society is coming to when we allow such madness to continue.
Life is tooshort to worry about such trivialities.
we got that in Vegas, sorry it won't help ya today
true but there are a ton of horrible apps, just hope Apple makes it easy to find the great stuff, they tend to make things easy
Watching NBAplayoffs Not the best day for my team
Big Party for all State Employees Paraiso Sports Bar 101 Collins rd.
Richmond Texas lets go!
IceColdProductions'Saturdays
Some people take way too much shit for granted
Pick up your Besto Pesto at Mandela Foods in West Oakland today and everyday.
Peace T
XFactor a joke!Called on phony 5mil payment!New strategy deducts marketing fees beforepays in installments.Just Pay theSelloutPoseur day1!
Way to go!
It's always great to surround yourself with others in the business.
Have fun and network!
yeah, figured.
They're lovely  pizza is yummy.
Cant wait til ur place opens.
We r BEYOND excited to finally have a local!!!!
Ultrasonic takes home Best Of Fest at the DC Independent Film Festival!!
Word from Timbers locker room is pulling goalie Adin Brown was more precautionary than anything.
Sounds like hamstring isn't too bad.
Just finished speaking to the Livingston GOP Committee.
Will they vote to endorse a candidate?
Not sure yet.
I'd like to be everything you want 3
Moss, Manningham, and Crabtree could be one of best WR groups in NFL w/out a solid qb tossin the the ball
Goldstein: You cant addoctorss development challenges without core infrastructure geospacial tech is following development progress
yeah but in 3rd period i have this french guy and omg that boy is FINE 3
Just ordered 's cd
Hopefully seeing for the first time ever on Monday at Frankies!
Come hang with us on Thursday  we'll be going retro on the patio!
Help us commemorate the 70s with live music and delicious cocktails!
sorry!!!
i hadnt even logged into my computer yet!
hold on!
A series on UWS bodegas on Its bodega week!
Good lord
i'm laughing so hard right now.
LMFAO
:P Guys just have this...
fresh look about them when they get their hair cut.
:
there is but it still doesn't compare to the hogs...
That's all I'm saying
It's not too late to register for today's online on Big Data feat.
bit.ly/rZFRXb
Next time you come around check out the branded intro from
ThatOnePersonWho follows is truly an amazing person!
Nobody puts baby in a corner
Stale bread for breakfast and steak for dinner.
Lovin' life.
Yea but it said 7 hours I know it don't take that long
Any teachingrelated links for March's Teaching Carnival at ?
Please send them my way..
Pls RT.
Taking it back, moving forward placing cue stickers on my vinyl records for live looping.
New setup w/ AudioMulch
2011 SHANE DAWSON TV SHOW??
I HOPE SO :
Has it been a stressful week?
Well, come to our festival to get a massage from the Italian Heart Studio
Happy Birthday!!
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier
Sometimes I just want to scream but then I think Wait I'm gona need my voice to actually talk to ppl in a few....
Peace out everybody!
Just cause I said it..
Doesn't mean that I meant it.
Rumour has it.
salute keep up the good werk
TRUTH  love it
I hate that really shiny glare I get on my glasses whenever I look at a light.
..
Merry WW friends, stop by bin and try any of our wine flights for 10.
Celebrate WineWednesday to the max!!!
you are more than welcome.
I am a CAB member 4 The Hope Clinic of Emory University in ATL.
I will be following ur chat Mon.
Thanks!
: It's not the years, honey.
It's the mileage.
no prob bro!
haha yeah I'm still here they're all raging with Sweeney.
They were down for about an hour, but they got on around 1 AM
omg really?!
Watching the Bengals take on the Texans been a solid first half so far
Hey, it's been exactly a year since my last tweet!
This is completely coincidental that I am logging in today.
Happy Thursday!
:
reminding folks to recycle fishing line, ribbon, and kite spring so the birds don't use themand maybe get tangledin their nests.
Nicoles annoying me
I brought my bike inside.
big elevators.
Just finished eating a sandwich c:
The most romantic thing I've ever told : I'd cut open a tauntaun and put you in it if we were stranded on Hoth.
watching raw
Why do I get the weird ones?
Embroidered blazer, pictures of movie tickets, car obsessions...
Y'all need to chill.
Why anyone would go to Chicago in February when it's practically 70 in the Bay is a mystery to me.
More misery to write about I guess!
Hey thanks for the RT, feel free to create an account and get started on racenation!
Omg I read 's mentions and holy shit!!
They are so funny!!
People are attacking them like crazy!!
I LOVE IT!!!
Be kind.
Everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Check out the section of the AAM showcase in the EXPO.
At the booth you can meet  converse doctorw with artists
no idea what it's even about or for
JEALOUS!
i would be like bamboozled is my jam!
let me spit these mau maus verses for you!
he'd be like go away, crazy.
Set up a new acct using GApps login, then upgraded to premium.
Can't sign back in using GApps info.
Prompts me to open new acct.
Cause I don't kno how much is to much
I believe that Jews and Arabs can live together.
It's not an easy thing but I believe we could arrive at an agreement.
ITs sad when you watching a movie and yo man know what prison they shot the movie at the first time he see it without them sayn it.
well at least I'm not alone 
Back home from a wonderful week in Costa Rica...where do you want to visit?
Text You of the day I want to go to by .
Nf Thanks for the Follow
Oh, hello Monday!
Bring on the sunshine!
my oldest son weighed 10lb 5oz, his mother is only 5' tall
Heaven or Las Vegas..
i got money in the bank, but i feel poor as hell without my whip.
soo ready for the show.
should this nnamdi rumor be reason for excitement?
yal playing any cards ?gambler 
This afternoon/night was the worst ever.
Huge thumbs up to Kevin Love's mustache!
On the highway...farrest iv ever gone..hands are cold
Today's BTU inspiration: No snowflake falls in an inappropriate place.
Zen Proverb
We wish to enjoy more of your tweets!
When you follow us, we follow you!
In 2011 our Resolution is to bring you the Biz like no other!
how's my boy and ur part time intern doin my guess is phenomenal
Wish media would stop comparing Rory to Tiger.
Let Rory stand on his own as his career builds forth.
cataloging a whole bunch of old perfume.
Even Chanel  Dior smell bad after 35 years.
Oh hey there guys playing football on the beach 
Just did my parents a favor.
Just picture me shitting on old man Cherry.
or rubies
NEVER SAY NEVER3
Your mistakes are what make you who you are, don't regret them.

Brilliant and lazy  that's why we love ya!
Sitting in traffic and watching a lady really getting into singing the Sleepys mattress jingle.
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
thanks!!!
Want me to bring you back something?
the prob is its .008 here  there but just like with ur personal budget, if u do all these little expenses u end up broke
SHOUT OUT TO !!
sup haters?
u mad that me  too busy styling to see you?
smh
Everyone is born to die , lame imma gon die with money cos i wasnt born with it rip heavy D
We ain't gettin no younger boy we might as well do it.
I REALLY didn't see it with Robinson on tape.
Surprises me.
Don't see him making an impact for year or 2
I made it up the office stairs without completely spilling my DietCoke, which is a 100 improvement over yesterday's statistics.
haha.
Yep, tis me.
Did a project for a class, and ended up starting a blog.
Help me get followers!
Three of my least favorite words: Daddy...
I'm Done!!
Repubs outmaneuver Obama by taking populist stance, telling Fed not to tamper with economy.
Big risk if Obama takes bait and gets in debate.
it was awesome having lunch with you.
We will def do it again soon
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Ask and It Is Given The Four Agreements
wish i could see some friends i havent got to see in forever!
Megamillions just hit 640 MILLION for tonight's jackpot!!!
i jelly of you icon, is that you?
Good morning y'all !
Brother comes home today ..
where r u getting a tat at?
Loves this new BB locale...lets meet for a doctornk here soon!
WhyDoPeopleThink it's ok to bully?
To make other people feel uncomfortable in their own skin?
no problem man, traffic was a total bitch!
holla at me...
inbox info
Good luck with your internship meeting today!
You'll find something exciting, I'm sure!
cause I emailed you!
Derrr.
I was my only way to talk to you while at school, so until I get my phone, I will use email.
nigga get on fb now its important
Rude ass guys..
thank you!
I get so bored doctorssing up for work, so the blog forces me to be a little more creative.
Sarah, could you please call me at 6926137.
Sandy Cullen, Wisconsin State Journal
SAME : happy to find myself in the 19 of non blacks who still follow TrayvonMartin and care if his killer is prosecuted.
Yes and if you are going to trott around topless sweetie, I am your Gay friend!
CoachellaLive liking Tame Impala so much right now.
Ahh yeahh.
How yo tongue game gone b weak n u think u fuck
She's an Aussi can't we waive her late fee?
Bobby, Adventures of JAB airs in March
Was Nate Schierholtz asleep at the plate?
That was right down the middle.
But in general 2for16 with RISP.
Wow.
What a finish  but no goal for Barcelona.
Chelsea wins 10.
using two computers at the same time, like a BOSS
Instead of generic philosophy, describe specific examples of where you enact your approach to teaching
Fab game, well fought.
glad you enjoyed our food!
Follow us to get the lowdown on our weekly specials!
Heading 2 Central Park...We are Loving the Big Apple!
Love summer.
Love it.
actually suiting out tomorrow w/ dude we have to bring like a lot of shit tho like deodorant and ur straightner hairspray etc.
:
Just what needed!!!
Let's go now!
Only dykes have tongue piercings
thanks for watching the show.
glad you enjoyed.
nevermind I got it
Your biggest blessing today is LIFE!....Be grateful :
So much great information tonight BE training.
What progress  improvement!
Thanks for listening!
:
Well, that didn't take long.
I've now ditched Exchange and am officially on
Thank you!
It was a great way to end a great week.
:
of course!
Let's do a happy hour soon
yeah i have made mistakes and i no and god forgave me for that .
looks awesome.
can we ever get weather for Lapel?
Storm updates
I dont feel good.
Not gonna be online as much.
:/
St.
Patrick's Day Sip  Shop Tomisterow 12pm to 6pm
Confirmed!!
and we cannot wait!
Will trade COM tshirt for one kangaroo.
When are you back in the States?
Dammit man where my peoples at ????
The beach where give me light???twit pics all day.
LOL real twitter LOL
is bamboozled with new ideas, and excited to cut some grass this weekend for green building projects!!!
Who can pass up doughnuts?
Hall Council has doughnuts for you at 8am tomorrow in the Seton Lobby and Classroom Building.
woo!
Window open wind chimes, fresh air, finally some blue sky peeking through!!:
Why didn't anyone tell me that flossing feels so good?
Dang.
can you say Clairol???
Lol.
Love and miss you Jo!!!
One final down, one to go!!!
Go Rachel!
Jeff ruby's is superb!!!
yes, we have!
We definitely appreciate and relate to their mission and goals.
cc:
Where is that?!
My bocce form, shake hands with God RT : new bar in Denver Matchbox.
bocce!
grilled...asparagus :D
So mad.
Ugh tears of anger, man
Great game w/ awesome seats out of the rain and kicked San Fran's ass!
thunder lightening THANK YOU!!!
Big Boy Gone Bananas!
is one of the best doc.
I've seen this year!
Telling the truth is never easy, even here in the US.
LOL RT Is this the real Caesars Palace?
Did Caesar really stay here?
Pack stockholders can vote on team business, including the board of directors, and attend annual meetings.
Do you do that?:P
we need Instagram on BlackBerry!
Don't you just love the look of a freshly painted home?
Not the smell so much:Try using a lowVOC paint to reduce the emissions and smell.
didnt he do that the other night between home and 3rd?
RT I like how babies always look doctornk.
Even after only one beer.
I'm going to start living in the past...i had more fun there.
Leaving seventh period : ThankGod :P Can't wait to see my little cousin graduate from head start :' !!!!!
I want to congratulate Charlie Strong on getting the head coaching job at Louisville.
Thanks for the great years in Gainesville.
Mike Stanton.
Wishing all our friends a Happy Easter.
We will be closed today to celebrate with our families.
Count your blessings!
Totes auditioning for collabatsea!
The officer wears a microphone on his uniform, anything anyone says around him can be picked up on this microphone and recorded.
Heading to Napa Valley tomorrow for a few days.
I'll probably have a glass of wine or two..
email just got me so pumped for Miami.
PDA on the northline....
what ever did i do to deserve that show?
Whoever you are you have to see The Help!!
interested in doing a fund raiser?
dm me.....happy to help we have done many...
can't believe i walked home at 4 this morning
Our opportunities to do good are our talents.
Cotton Mather
Bought Sam Adams Winter Pack from Costco last night.
Way better than the Autumn Selection.
Enjoyed the porter.
Beer on a budget!
Green mill jazz club tonight.
91.
Swing night
Goodnight everyone
Too bad RT : Sandusky out of centre County correctional facility
Well we have flu all the time, reports say some people are recovering, from the swine fiu, so i do not think this is.
ok...
what rock have been under...
Janes Addiction reunited...the Music Gods got together and made Me Happy Again.
Besides public, I've Google circles for intimate Salons with my artist peeps, spiritual peeps, my blog's community, professorssional peeps.
dont like em, they just announced a public offering, and they already have too many shares  BAD, STAY AWAY.
and why do you love me already?and ok!!!
Yeah, that's a good thing.
Haha.
no problem
So at school today this girl was like who is Brad Hall?
to this other girl and I'm just like......
I be him.
what events do you recommend
Where u at pimpin?!
me too!!
On Monday, we'll be setting up a new goal for the rest of the month.
One that will let us pay the crew.
I believe you!
Have I told you lately that I love you?
Let's go!
Do you like cookies and cream!?
Back in hollywood for friday night!
Gcb is the worst show ever...
so far.
Got second place last night at the battle of the bands!!!
pc4pc???
Hey I know Favia I know Dane also!!!
Small world isn't it?
Yes, 4 times a week!
Do you have lessons?
Why thank you for the support on Saturday:
: Pretty sure you guys are real people, not just Tweets, right?
Right?!
;
nahh uh me to ha
wear orange this week..
Ah, music.
A magic beyond all we do here
Don't be afraid of chile heat.
I love you to!!!
Bitch, please.
My cellphone battery last longer your relationship.
Thanks for the great interview, Let's talk more about the undead soon!
So cute.
Did someone just abandon them?
very sad indeed!
I feel like senior year is pretty much over now that MML is over :
I need a lesbian best friend...no joke.
aye are we roomin up for shena wedding?
one more wee ill see u soon chika
54Asante SamuelCBPhiladelphia Eagles
has been doing sets until he sees spots ...
AWESOME!
oh I live off child support
You don't realize how much emotional pounds you are carrying by being overweight until you lose the physical ones.
TNT please come up with a solution.
I don't want to watch another OT
.
et al: Archives  freelance bloggers  publicity.
Part 2 of Frontline's special heavy w journo intvws  great journos but too many  v diff from Part 1 which had more principle intvws
Dodgers fans just clicked on the Van Slyke button.
at burger kin for some
I'm not complaining lol
Thanksgreat to meet you, and so glad you made it to the show.
have an awesome  productive day!!
we have biweekly ed cal mtgs, I schedule in HootSuite.
cc
You are so Lucky!
I think it would b so fun n an Honor to hve the opportunity to b on Glee!
mT : On the 3rd day, Jesus rose from the grave  administered a standardized test to hold his disciples accountable.
Wishing nails wouldn't love my tires so much.
Thanks!
We currently only offer sales online, because of that we only charge a flat .99 shipping rate for ordering online!
TOO MANY DAMN GNATS.
gotcha.
Thought u were speaking code.
I don't have any prepurchased after the month of May.
Will ask you l8r for l8r dates.
:
but ill lie if i have to, cause you don't say you love me to your friends when they ask you
this is just a typical day in the city!
Lol
I'm winning!
RT : Yup, and I are fighting about fringe and quantum physics
Follow us for the best deals and prices
There is a one direction page in the newspaper at school.
People keeps asking if they are gay.
Its a picture from when they first started.
Day two sis and GM had an out off this world whale experience this am.
Calling all Biz Kid Real members....!!!!!
We have our next group meeting on TUESDAY, July 5th from 12 to 4 pm  Edgerton Rec Center
Search integrate Twitter into PowerPoint to have interactive presentation polling audience.
: waiting for new MM photos Kelly says
Idk why i'm up already when I still got time to sleep...still tired..but i'm in a ridiculously good mood!
:D
At the polling place to vote!
cruised round new police yard area east of little tokyo, saw no police staging 1 hour ago.
occupyla.
can someone track this stuff?
Labrinth is looking sharp
Always remember the three magic words: You're right dear.
I've always wanted a singular, focused vision, but I'm very pleased by how this whole 1 thing leads 2 the next thing has worked out for me
: awww jus close ur eyes it won't hurt dat badd :....dependin on where u get it....Nah!!
I'm good....LOL
It's so funny how people act like they never seen tiddy's before
Northbound Red Line at Belmont: We are experiencing a delay waiting for signal clearance.
We expect to be derailing shortly.
i'ma hit u up in a sec fam...rt
I dont care about anything anymore
WOW, I'm so glad/blessed that I followed my discernment  not my mind or heart!!!
I avoided a real bad situation!
Nice run along the river this morning.
Hope it is going well today
thanks for following me...
I followed back!!
yeah, my HTC barely works, on a good day I can answer a call  usually it's just rebooting itself.
My GF had the same problem :
Nice lunch mtg with Gayle.
VSAI has some great things going on!
Go VSAI!
did you see any of my messages on the big screen!?!?
What a lovely day 6 hour doctorve then 7 1/2 hours in west end central.
9 x 9 cell.
Marvellous.
Out of touch
great info thx
Giving a fuck was never on my to do list.
YehudaBauer at no precedent in human history for nazi ideological killing but it's moral imperative to prevent
you can close your eyes to something you dont want to see, but you can close your heart to things you dont want to feel.
Everyone who tells everyone to follow will be promoted to 150k followers :p
a covo about howw austin donates his cum to hungry childoctorn and we woork for him we make him cum
I'm really tired but don't feel like sleeping!
Dm me people 
Proud of hubby He  Charles Johnson just sold their first short story collab: 4189 to Burning Maiden anthology.
am I the only one not that excited for the RoyalWedding?
Gonna check out Hot Wing Pizza, Tater Tot Slop, and some Improv Comedy at 's Thanksaversary Tonight.
1909 Locust 8pm.
Amazing that Flyers are still ahead 10 when they only got what..
1 shot during the 2nd?
Devils have almost triple the shots.
Bryz is crazy.
Thank U
: is it possible?
me thinks NOT
At least you have confidence in your abilities...
Everytime I hear him I only hear Floop I must get over this.
I thought you were north!
twitter world wat up
First denver celeb sighting.
Tommy lee at a sushi joint.
My brother just text me and told me that our family reunion is July 7th.
Who do you want to fuck first, me or the knife?
hanging out with my bestfriend 3
i would love to give you a pair!
:
Looking for a PRIME location for your Food Cart?
We have one!
I dont think they do but whatevs
Update via TX AG's office: The state's request for a stay on the PP suit permanent injunction was granted
1975 Print Ad Converse 39The Winner39 Tennis Shoes for SEARS tennis shoes
Talk is cheap actions speak louder then words
wait..WHY DID SELENA DELETE HER INSTAGRAM ?
whod have believed Hawks would not win a po game  the UC
Diggin the new avatar bro
Went to Whistler today.
Some stupid idiot doctorve too fast and killed himself after flipping his truck.
Plase take your time and save a life.
put it like this if bron was doing what wade been doing all game u woulda been at him too hard.
it was one quarter
Looking for an Ad Operations Manager for a Downtown client!
Great pay: 60K!
Apply online or contact us at 4142724544 today for details!
I want to get a tattoo when I get older.
the small people are relentless!
It's Friday!!
Check out and give him a follow!!
Fellow Sparty, but he was way cooler than me in college.
What a night!
Who's at the diner right now?
Not much left with 12 teams and 4 SP and 2 RP spots starting.
Sucks Luebke got hurt.
He was my steal.
Fantasy factory ;
so how was your day?
one of my inspirations , inspiring me every day, she makes me thin about all the time ive wasted on haters 3
Dear Communicator is not an acceptable way to begin an email.
Thanks for trying, but my name is Sarah.
For students need new content, engage new users.
Fellas, remember when y'all was young n a chick came over to watch a movie, bet u don't know what movie y'all watched hornymonsters lmao
i didn't use public folders much before, so i can't say I
Half of us in the living room and the other half in my room, why the separation?
my trip to atl was was GOOD!!!
DID wat i had to do nw its bck to cali
Anchor Steam.
Egg Foo young.
FAMILY THICKER THAN MY OWN FUCKING BLOOD.
Feels so very good man.
THANK YOU.
When I call you ugly I don't always mean your face.....Sometimes I'm meaning your personality
it's fun watching apple make babysteps in the social networking world.
Ping ping!
I thought that looked like Venice!
I'll stop in Wales for my retrieval crew.
You shouldn't have to fight over your bf.
Wtf??
That's YO DUDE, so why in the world are you fighting over what's yours??
Maybe if I were skinnier.
Maybe if I were prettier.
Maybe if I didn't wear glasses.
Maybe if I had longer hair.
i mean Friday
Shirt off my back I wouldn't give you the snot off my tissue.
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.76
Be cool if twitter posts from geekli.st included a hashtag, geeklist or
can you DM me your email addoctorss?
Thanks!
Ayres
hey stranger lol
Be humble for you are made of earth, be noble for you are made of stars.
Serbian Proverb
But rain falls at I boredom.
Yes, mine is calendar updates.
I have to shutdown before bed or it wakes us
Cubs games, rest of WGN back on DirecTV
funny story, i heard your mom was the rugby queen once.
don't be hatin;P
: best corn rows in the history of the nba  Truth!!!
Mothers.
Everywhere.
Mice don't bite.
Right?
Yeah.
Mice don't bite.
DON'T FIGHT ME ON THIS.
But not so sure about PGA TOUR's move to push start of season to the fall.
PGA vs NFL, coll football  Tough2Win
Compassion automatically invites you to relate with people because you no longer regard people as a doctorin on your energy.
This is the best kids' birthday party ever!
Jake thatcher of Node 1 says must see what company is NOT doing and why so can detrmine roo for improvement
Yikes, watching a contractor rip out a section of wall from my home is more doctormatic than I expected.
Might have emotional scars from this.
I have not yet tried like I should of
o.o
Anyone ready to see tonight at ClosetSundays?
I would love to hear the old mister Tony's mailbag jingle on PTI sometime.
I used to sing along with it when he was on the radio.
Less then 24 hours till NSN concert.
patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you, listenen to whispern, choosin chaos over discipline .
.
.
Simpletons
u know we r on blackatlas.com and r the grannies on safari tv show?
is that right?/ help!
I Need A doctornk..
Highdose caffeine safe, lowers risk of motor disorders in preemies: study
Feeling very happy today.....
;
For high school?
doctornk Bleach if you said Lebron wont clutch !!!!!!
be sure to talk about ur new blog
thanks!
glad you enjoyed ;
The more willing you are to surrender to the energy within you, the more power can flow through you.
Shakti Gawain
RT yup!
We're gonna get our sexy on with
I appreciate the AC on the bus, but I'm not a penguin.
that might work!
Let's talk Sunday about it!
watching it right now
I still miss pulling for .
Hot Rod is my favorite nonporno, porn named movie of all time
In Mali, Art as Real as Life Itself  New York Times
and I never found my shoes...:
awesome show at linneman's last night!
i'm a lucky gal to have such a great band and so many supportive chums!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you been dodging your dad and when he get to your granny house you ask him fo a ride home
Our new web show is well on its way to being online next week!
true freedom comes when we don't try to control our thoughts and feelings, and they don't control us.
Beauty Contests In India: What Is Special About Them?
Let the pictures speak for themselves!
True!
Or I guess you could just wait.
That is a convenient option when you're traveling forward in time.
Thanks for retweeting us!
We really appreciate everything is doing to support us
going to sleep.
if you followed me while I was asleep you'd make all my doctorams come true.
Please don't shoot me down;
On our way home from a beer bar and restaurant tour of NYC.
Found lots of fun ideas.
What's your favorite beer bar?
Ginormous thanks to and everyone who came out tonight to Houston NET2 !
Can we get a confirm/deny on whether those fixes worked for you?
Still more to do.
.
.
how will the brewers finish??
got one of those recently, too I hope it's not a trend
We have sculpin available all week  starting on Monday in San Diego and La Mesa.
WOO!
Finally got to 300 likes!
3
Rajanna is full of doctorma, love and actions.
Go see this movie and you'll enjoy it.
Thank YOU!
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe then you will be successful  stateofmind.
Make it a productive day.
you should go to school for music like its def your passion.
Who knows maybe sum you can be the best at that too
My hangover called in sick today.
Baking potatoes.
We are strangers again,but this time with memories
Just met the new staff of the new Buffalo Wild Wings at the Woods.
Where are you ??!!
I should start going to church again.
I know someone who is great at crafting but hasn't blogged in a whle.
She does paper crafts, sewing, quilting, jewelrymaking...
nice so I got most of the day to go..
Which one??
The INTEX show is about to start, make your way to booth 736 to visit Kraft.
butt butt u would love my fat cock, I'm serious!
BEAUTIFULASS !
We are excited to welcome Melinda White, to the Board!
While Lamb and Livingston slaved in the Palais basement, Yujia Wen was sitting in on daily seminars a few doors over
I'm still trying to figure out how I spent 40 dollars at 1.50's last night.
Thanks!!
And FF to you!
You're awesome.
yeah!!
I love that movie!!
it may be impossible for me too
well, hey there, aaronrunner.
O, won 2nd in my age grp at todays tri race EVEN THO I missed the run turnoff  ran an extra mile!
Really?
Congrats!
What are you doing there?
no that's friday
My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government.
Thomas Jefferson
FOX: ...
May Have Uttered Slur Before Shooting.
A white kid was sentenced for a hate crime because he uttered nigga in fight last year I ..
First lunch of the season on Magnolia's sidewalk.
Welcome back.
: I need a side job.
If I knew how to sell doctorgs I would.
Nice.
Now I'm jonesing for Nothing Left Inside and don't have it at work.
Thanks.
2 out of 3 bikers sporting TFTS buttons during my morning commute through 7th  Madison NW
Happy thanksgiving from the Austin Toros and the Capital City Dance Team!!!!!
People are so ungrateful these days.
meeting was a success.
ball is rolling.
remember, if you can donate time, instruments, food, expertise, please DM!
Good Morning Beautiful day NYC!
I'm not sure I agree with Barbara Kellerman and her thesis about The End of Leadership!
It all depends on your definition of leadership!
GO BRUINS!
love and so want a pair they are hott!!
how bout you go to sleep?
ltm., im just kidding, ily.
Audition 2day, another callback Thursday.
Lets get it.
Parks  Rec, BES and PBOT up next.
Dir Abbate lists how parks support the goals of the
no because your from the south and that's unusual for a southern girl to speak proper English.
It's amazing what you could hide just by putting on a smile.
When life is filled with tension, find reasons to love...
Danke!!!
I feel a bit OLD to be wearing such items ;
Our attitudes shape our world!
i have the EXTREME URGE!!!!!
to climb on TALL THINGS!!!
then most likely blow shit up ; STWOF 3
can give the impression from someone attended the event but it was great for me to follow what was going on
Loving the weather!!
ik you hate me its cool
i have a love hate relationship with scary movies
I HAVE TO GET NEW RECORD!!!!
gwiserudgwf I'm obsessed.
Don't let small minds convince you that your doctorams are too big.
thanks so much!
Artillery demo is only a hook.
See how many folks show up for a thoughtful discussion about emotion in CW.
You two are too kind.
I'm only as good as my team!
: For sure!
Well, its Friday and I am ready to get it on tonite.
going out on the town, see what I can get into.
I'm losing my MIND over here.
OH NO IT'S NOT SCROBBLING nevermind
But i got my change a clothes and sneakers in the Nike duffy though lol
READ PYTHON BY CARINA NOLAN HELL SLITHERS LUST SIMMERS HOT NEW FLORIDA THRILLER
Had the weirdest doctoram man
Me, too.
Interesting merger.
I'll email u a couple of pix from the Pro Cyc.
Challenge.
It was a kick to see the pro's upclose.
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!OH and CUTE:
Pancho's at Summer and White Station!
so we're goin for sure?!
Every single day I'm forced to add yet another name to the list of all the people that can kiss my ass!
My doctoram team muscle for cheese like Eric Bischoff.
anyone know how to transfer an page into go daddy or is it possible?
yes I'm the one who wearing purple shirt ;
significant loopholes are available to big biz not small biz they do get the write off for staring up and having a biz
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Truman Capote
Try just combing it straight back with your fingers.
thank you!
We will have the Masters on all day!!
And mariners start at 6:05!!
I never realized how corny these daytime novelas are until I sat down and watched one
I'm craving Chinese food!
i have to be the most paranoid person ever.
Hahaha.
You Bring One.
Ill Bring One
where can I find your 2012 schedule of rides?
Team Wags Walk 4 Autism thanks u for your generous donation!Please visit skweezcouture.com 4 their amazing collection!
open talk you tell me what's on your mind.
No school on friday!!!!
been here a couple months now.
Feel free to join when you want
Room service now available at the RI/SHS River North!
Check out Zoom Service from !!
www.hub51chicago.com/
TONIGHT  ONE UP Classic Wednesday's!!
Time to dance and party with DJ Automatic playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music
South beach could always use another good salon!
;
two pool tables, two ping pong tables, hockey game, and Live Video DJ tonight.
Come on by!
When are you coming to TX and is coming then too?
Most notably if U want to comment, but also if you want to make sure it actually appears in follower feeds
Hpy mamas day 2 u RT : Happy Mother's Day!
Thinking of  hope you are all chillaxing
RT   If YOU LOVE music   If YOU LOVE life   Promote Positive
correction: if I don't NOT want kids....
lol
says her Altac background makes her a unique resource for student learning in Connecticut College library
Glad you were able to stop by RT inn12 learning how to engage my students with instructor highlighting and notes.
They say that good things take time,  really great things happen in the blink of an eye 3
that can't be you in that picture!
effedupdoctorverlicensepic jcnights jkhomie!!
Be sure to stop by tonight for First Friday.
We're going to be giving out poems for
Where are you going?
where to be exact?
Hahaha ok.
Do you see what I'm seeing?
It's like light or something right behind your left ear!
Picking up some of my siblings at LAX then off to the Viper Room in hollywood for an EP release party for 
did you ever have those moments when you responded to a potential client and totally misspelled their names
Dese hatas they gone hate on me like anyway 
And so it begins: RT : Discussing lean startups with and !
Well.
Today shall be interesting.
woo!!
Sirius hits 1 doctorpped some only one with some love this AM!!
Great track!
Big thanks to and for a great
I've only seen the aurora borealis once.
Oddly enough, it was in my pants.
I'm what Willis was talking about.
That thing where I don't actually sleep through the night for a few weeks...
I am very blessed to see the next year, let alone my next minute.
I love The Lord, and I will continue to love Him eternally.
Blastbeats or breakdowns?
GO!
ugh, why is your face like that?
So when does he start talking campus aid reforms?
Ha ha.
No.
did she sound happy when she said I was moving ?
:/
It's whispering to me....
oh my god what is happening.
u read for points!!!
Lmao
SparkFun Electronics Launches Education Website to Bring Electronics into the Classroom
last place, yeah buddy!!!
I'm winning fantasy basketball next year!
Mornings piled up like a stack of mattresses, memories pushing at the foam silicone and causing everyone back pain.
So much to do before my week in NOLA Oy Vey...
Bring me some BBQ..
Event Space available at the Grand Lodge on 8.28.10 in the Compass Room.
Contact a Sales Coordinator for more info at 503.992.9530.
i appreciate the support and retweets.
Ladies...
All my favorite ladies  where y'all at??
Holla back!!!
u better not!
Home early bcuz I'm feeling sick :/
Anyone else running the Parkway Half Marathon tomorrow?
:D
RT : Designer: Boyish look kicks off Paris fashion week: A model wears a creation from designer Corrado de Biase as p......
That is awful...I'm sorry to hear that.
: The arts is always the first to go.
I'm already crafting a Tweet for just such an occasion.
Perhaps I need to give someone Twitter power of attorney.
Oh thank goodness, just wanted to make sure I wasnt the worst hockey player there
umm kind of, not really.
hah
thanks so much!
We appreciated all the students and community who came to the play.
BTW looking forward to your final paper!
Almost died today...nbd!
heyy cuties who's up?
This chocolate can definitely meet the chocolate craving and ordering in bundle will grant a great discounts
Just wrote another banger for the homie
Good luck!
RT Heading to Talladega this afternoon.
First time racing there I'm pretty excited!
Up early to head to Montreal for 2 days of sales calls  MTLvNY with
big fan of your music here in saint Paul mn.
Can't wait to hear more!
If I See Destiny Talkk About doctorke 1 More Time , Tomorrow Ima Slap Thee Dog Sht Out Of Her .
,
cool I'm down.
Hit me up next week bro.
Show them how it's done ha Hope it's tackle football, none of that touch football lol
no more sky light, so no more peeping tom...I hope
heading the launch of social media at a University.
Learning the difference between posting engaging content  meaningless fluff.
When you coming to Atl??
Thank you you keep reading, I'll keep writing
: My glove is my Bestfriend  it's never lie or cheat :
TONIGHT!
Burro Bar!
You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Trust Issues
I'm your new follower :D
teaches all a lesson to stay for the credits.
Respect the crew who worked on it, and learn some cool facts too!!!
prop8 is out and glee is on tonight.
it's a good day.
I woke up this morning and thought PANCAKES MUST HAPPEN NOW
RT : Hop to it!
to a Simon Mall to get a pic with the EasterBunny  help !
Less than two hours to get to , try some sweet, sweet Chameleon coldbrew, and tweet us some beautiful pics!
coffeeevolved!
austin just tweeted this account!!!!!
:
IPO....
What do you guys think?
I see what you did there.
I'm still ironing out the details of the theme
Even you do called thugs wanna fall in love..don't front
Excited to see my new area and how it bussels with peeps and business enjoying husbands time together as a real married couple...peaceful
hahaha.
Hadn't played since December.
Totally understand!!
haha best SNL in a long time I'm from Denver and my favorite skit was the Denver Broncos Jesus skit Dec17SNL Funniest one yet
So silent, so calm.
So lost.
Thousand ways to nowhere.
Your Welcome :
Walking or any cardio in general has both physical and mental benefits, reap the benefits of both
Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved
never have I ever not been this tired if that even makes sense?:p
Sometimes you miss the memories, not the person.
hmu with any plans, we may ditch the beach for ya'll
Ha!
I'm totally going to do that.
Chimney would be cool if it somehow came from 19th century London.
Just Wanted To Say To The 2 Followers That I Lost ...
FUCK YOU !
Can Music help you blog better and rock to doctorke www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Cautiously optimistic that patriots pull this out gronkowski rules
Thanks .
Much success on Repo Games, Unique Idea, Great Show!
Being within 1 mile of Disneyland is a terrifying experience for those who are contemplating starting a family.
Studio all day!!
Thanks for the mention!
Harrisonburg, VA is my hometown!!!
: I was just thinking about U the other day lol I get that alot.
How was homecoming?
I want ice cream
OMG thats what happened to my mom ...
Compton will change you lmfao
Ya cross me, it ain't gonna be fun..ya gonna be tap dancin into cement shoes..
Twist and Shout, Get Outta My Way, Bye Bye Bye
Someone is having a melt down today one row over.
Lots of 4 letter words and he is getting louder.
Yikes!
it would indeed!
just finished my interview w/ Olivia Munn, our July Del Mar Races Issue cover girl!
At APU pullin nothin but SHANANIGANS we go on around 8 if anyone wants to come chill :
Where can your book be purchased?
Where is book signing?
New business pitch in Boston today.
The chase is the fun part.
Still not as fun as a solid kronum run.
well I sure do miss y'all.
We need to Skype sometime.
thanks for the shoutout :
I agree  Wallace fell off 2nd half of the season.
Brown made most of the big plays when it counted...
Just finished an onscreen interview about the library's mobile app.
You look tired isnt it just a polite way for someone to tell you that you look like sh!t.
Updating my library's account at the same time as , who we follow.
3 the deluge of good books between us.
:D
Guide to 2012 western Montana summer camps
Honeys I'm home
yes it will!
:
I feel like breaking down
Jerome Randle has opted to return overseas and has left the team
This is what you need to do right now.
Follow the FSU Hospitality Gala !!!
i have tickets for Bone Thugs n Harmony  Theophilus London at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
that make be a good thing you dont remember her
Judging By These Old Pics Of U...I Have To Say U Came A Long Way My Friend...
Been sleep since about 7pm yesterday.
Think my body is finally caught up from only having two hours of sleep Thursday night.
I follow conservatives to see why they think, but you are just rude.
A UConn graduate claims that Internet poker nearly destroyed his life
You da man, Rich.
Feels great to be back in the Burgh with
i wonder if we asked his friends about the prank call hahahha
At JFK with Dave and chuck heading to hong kong then manilla.
all I know is it's gonna be a thrilla.
That FML moment when you hop into bed, get under your covers, then realized you forgot to turn off the light.
The Parker bros doctorammachine was unreal
Montez, a Salazar confidant  US Commission on Civil Rights, said he recalled Salazar saying colleagues at LATimes disliked his reporting.
Hi Tweeps!
Haven't been on this in a while!
Tnight on 10, we're on the scene of a huge Urbandale apt.
fire...
tune in for the latest!
I would rather say 'I love you' just once and truly mean it than say it a thousand times and never mean it once.
Miss you too babe...come back soon!!!!!
Selling tickets at the dance gala!
Come see me!
Screenplay Live!
Winner and writer, Lorraine Portman is in Roc.
Hear her work Sat.
at 3:30.
oh..
Idk then, those wristbands are in very high demand!
for what it's worth, I regularly click on your emails to donate only to realize you don't take paypal  my wallet isn't w/ me.
Lol, it's so sad it's beautiful!
sniff sniff
no!!!!!
Don't ruin my team with that foolishness.
One Iso player is enough.
Anymore is the end of the run
STUFF IT LIBERALS AMERICA IS A DEMOCRACY IF I WANT A CHRISTIAN STATE AND A CHRISTITUTION IT'S MY FUCKING RIGHT TO SAY IT.
LOVE Rooney Mara!!
I was worried I had slept through the windy season.
Thank goodness I was wrong!
hahahaha I didn't know I looked like that xD
great!
Currently at the 1:30 session in 3B on sexifying parliamentary initiatives in Poland
I'll take dealing w/ white trash over he snot bag event I had to put up w last night any day.
Every 11:11 I wish for the same thing.
Ok UNC  get together!!
You are messing with my brackett!!!!
Zeke is working on the kid's third language.
Backyardigans in Spanish :
doctormatic!
Amanda Knox found not guilty in Italy.
they try to welcome to the jungle me.....
You gotta see: hottest thing in candles
our first UMS lecture class was canceled on Mon thanks to the hurricane, so I'm here til 7 EST to answer student questions.
what's good singer?
Cant hear from you.
Trust me my friend you haven't seen anything yet Soccer is about to go vertical and you know nobody out works me and my team
If only I could pull off the stache!
virginamerica row 7 sucks; seats don't go back and if idiots in 6, recline, your're squeezed.
Either no seats should recline or all should.
Dunno, but that sounds right.
A fakeitude of collective nouns?
If there is a winner, it will post by 2 or 3am later tonight!
text me
You're strong You're wonderful You're worth it3
thanks for the mention!
Can you please just like...
STOP
Your number 20 bus just passed by stop 723 without stopping.
4 people were waiting.
So, who's planning on voting for Honest Abe over Scott Walker?
Anybody?
Well IfWeJustSmashing then you can't use my bathroom.
Must say almond milk with vanilla tastes so much like 2 milk it blows my mind!
Love it
Soiree Style: Elizabeth Olsen  Felicity Jones Get Retro in Gotham What 's better than one fashionable maven?
Two!
Especially when each t
beautiful cold crisp winter day in NYC.
Brunch with new friends!
Can't wait.
I know it is.
But I've seen people who want Green at second and Ishi at first.
I agree it's lame to tell u that your gonna be unfollowed just to have another follower
pujlos will sign a ten year deals with philadelphia for 260million
I'm still trying to get it sorted out.
Who knew it was so hard to get your book in the right category?
Agree, but nonart is very broad category: history, science, tech, specialty, etc.
Woo hoo!
Congrats on a first doctorft!
I always think it's easier to tweak something than start from scratch!
Good luck with edits
Every situation, properly perceived, becomes an opportunity to heal.
: I use to eat Hot Sauce on my Hot Cheetos u like hot stuff
lol and how exactly did you find that video of that girl dancing??
Is this Spain's year?
VP Biden speaks later this AM on student loan interest rates to group of student reps at EEOB
tosurvivemyknicksrantyoumayneed The hammer from Donkey Kong, a sponsor from Hunger Games, The A from Alvin's shirt, The Force...
very excited for you two to meeti think you guys will get along quite well!
But I'm not blaming the band, I'm blaming the idiots who make the tour decisions
haha awesome good luck with that, can't wait to read it
America, Obama's mission is to break the will of the American people.
We need to stop him.
Americans are losing everything, it's stops now
Crazy Metal Jewellery These things are hard to understand
3rd place in archery....next up Philadelphia ;D
What do you think is the best crime theory and why?
Have not opened a restaurant there yet...but definitely try XOCO by Best torta we've ever had!
yes at May 6th I will email you the deets!
Thanks!!!!
about to get my fist down their throats
There are 1.7 million TBI cases each year.
The most commone cause of TBI is falls.
16 of TBIs are caused by workplace accidents.
Be careful
CHAMPIONSHIP GAME!
RT : NE extreme candidate Deb Fischer knocks off establishment favorite.
R's base trys to win extremist...
Update!
Ad Club Bowling Happy Hour  Star Lanes is actually Thursday, Jan 19!
Sry guys!
Can't get a perfect strike every time!
glad you enjoyed sharktank.
great show.

so glad you got to meet Melissa.
I really enjoyed working with her when we staged GonzalesCantata!
Thank god for !
Aries where MB will take you on your birthday: fancy dinner
Keep in mind this is an album not a mixtape.
That is worse than BO.
We are using it to trap fruit flies right now.
Even the happiest people have down days.
I follow big Twitter accounts on that.
:D
I always catch myself doing the ToeTappy tho!
:
I love love the Nook!
Thanks for following
Hey girl!
I like your face!
GloZell does cinnamon challenge with a ladle?!
This is spicing up!
Tweet ya later!
I want some magic spray.
BITCH, it's a baby shower, not the club.
Put some clothes on.
YES!
Thank God...
Weinergate keeps getting bigger and bigger!
HEYYOOO
Tell ur friends tell ur boyfriends I want to get too a 1 k followers hook me up guys
This stupid bitch sat next to me to see what I'm doing on my phone.
.
still using twitter though ahahaha
anecdotal: aunt in Monona 300 something at 9:30 am and poll workers commented that's quite high for time/place
100 of all lunch sales today go to benefit Girls to the Rescue.
SMILE BIG.
EAT BIG.
GIVE BIG!
thank ya:
hope U are smiling : because i know you're PiPeRiFiC !!!
niggaz need to stop being so fucking its bout to 2012 cut that out
Just had a blast sitting in on podcast with Matthew Bassette.
A Browns fan  a Steelers fan talkin' AFC North football.
The ManchesterDerby is today, playing at the pub live at 1pm!
Who ya rooting for?
We agree!
RT No matter how little money and how few possesions you own, having a dog makes you rich.
Louis Sabin
: Excited for another team effort sharing Make The Call, Don't Miss a Beat, heart health information for
My number is: 1800getaway
It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a creative reply to its inbuilt limitations and issues.
your penchant for consistently picking on Mario Chalmers is amusing
From Tech Maven to Jane Austen Geek Sandy Lerner, cofounder of Cisco Systems, spent more than 20 years working on a sequel to 'Pride and
I finally finished the last part of , great movie kids, it's worth checking out!!

To LAZY to work: To BROKE to quit: so I go to the bathroom and fake a SHIT!
realtalk lol 
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Ernest Hemingway
Much thanks to who constructed my awesome clothing combination today!
:
I love you guys.
Thanks
Oh boy.
Need to figure out a way to get my old papers off of my old Mac format 3.5 inch disks if I ever want to apply to 'real' grad school.
omg yes please!!
The Cool Kids  Bundle Up
Sometimes I feel like I'm practicing project management without a license.
Pfah, I had that.
Blame the rain delay for me giving up anything.
Fish tacos and craft brew.
Post workout food?
Boys, dont date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl who makes your world the most beautiful.
I guess those truths aren't selfevident to the wingnuts.
Putting the finishing touches on our soontobereleased 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard for San Diego.
Coming soon1/25/12!
Since youre not going through a specific app store, you dont need to meet specific standards..
Commanding my day to be positive, productive and with favor!
Be careful on the roads out there Cleveland.
Give yourselves lots of extra time.
I told keek that I will do truth or dare and they're daring me to flash the camera..HELL NO IM NOT DOING THAT if you want porn go to UR mom
I have to die with money cause I wasn't born with it
Idk what's worse, eating a burrito in public by yourself, or being too hungry to care that your eating a burrito in public by yourself.
one test.
fml
right they must of been some good headphones
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR FOLLOWING!
UR AWESOME!
we love your professorle pic!!
such a cutie pie!
Got lots of research to do this morning.
But first a quick errand to the post office.
Thanks for the follow where are you in CA?
I'm in S.F.
not done tho
right!!!!how are you btw
u have id  code
I asked if they had a size small shirt in back at gap  we carry more large and x large...
wow America is out of control
defenitly spell check.
pizza is awesome.
nuff said
The week's almost over!
Come celebrate with our 2 great happy hours, 47 and 1012.
Great 6 food and half price tequila/cheap doctornks
i and wont stop.
I guess my computer loves it to
the early november
Tronny would LOVE to come back to the Mattress Factory!!
How does February sound??
I'm wet now.
: God loves the Pacers  haha!
as long as he's not the Anthony Weiner....
Love the NCAA tournament!!
Go Hogs!
Lucky charms ftw!
See...
Told you RickPerry is an idiot
he has created the classic movies/TV we love.
And even though I did not give it to him, he got his weed in the end.
Shore Club Hotel!
Amazing rate  295  1933 Collins.
Walk to Conv.
Ctr.!
2.19 Mi.
South of Yacht  Brokerage.
Boutique Luxury!
I sure hope so!
Looking for a strong SAE/AE to work in our corporate practice for fortune 100 clients for Weber Shandwick.
Email
We are in search of a model or models for our new line of video  photo advertising ...
any suggestions or to apply shoot us an email.
One of our new clients, J.
Mozeley Interior Decorating, will be launching their new website in April.
Details coming!
Do not allow anything or anyone to put you down or hold you back, keep reach high and moving forward!
I wasn't planning on going bowling but I kind of want to go now but I have to ask to use the car
Ya Allah..
Hopefully everything is going back to normal.
Amin :'.
I wish I had a hammock right now so I could take a nap outside.
haha.
I know...But if I don't confirm anything then its just hear say.
At times I wonder if Hunter's knows about the blog.
Manson, Jones top CD reviews
A lot of graduation Parties coming up ..
The WallchannelingYoung tweet was priceless...
lol, i see you have a cast on your finger.
i could tell you have a sub.
Lol:p
Remember no one wins 70 of their plays consistantly.
hit up the batting cage Nyjer, Gomez is putting together better at bats than you!
Such a BEAUTIFUL day today!!
Wish I could play outside in the garden all day :
Are good looks and the perfect body enough to make it in the world today?
Where does talent and personality fit in?
Have a peaceful night everyone :
Coworker asked my opinion on Obama's announcement.
My response, it's a beautiful thing.
Abby Wambach in a skirt has the potential make up for the fact that I will most likely never see a live unicorn.
FIRST CHAIR!
Finally.
All of you guys who always made fun of me and wanted to sit in first chair can Suck It!
that bitch is jealous of your sucess.
Hanging with a sick kid, watching Alvin and the Chipmunks.
It's not my favorite thing David Cross has ever done.
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
Theodore T.
Hunger
1 How was Bacon Bday??
2 Got the sigange for BizComm12 and it looks fabulous!
Thanks!
:
soon!
And better believe we're all holdin things down til you're back.
Go 80Plates show 'em how to take down a pint!!!
what about me
yea i know...im still asking : hahaha
Congrats  Heather for getting your pdx paleo friendly Cultured Caveman food cart project funded in only 4 days!
here you go !!
mybiggestflawI wear my heart on my sleeve.
I get hurt easily.
Got the remix done!!
Gonna work on some artwork for a while then it's back to JackOLanterns!!!
kids May LEGO Class at Pine Richland Youth Center, Fri, May 11 6:30p: Does your child love LEGOs?
doctorp them off for an hour each Friday...
Heading to for Nutrition Around the Bump event!
See you there.
I like the fries
Torrence is sitting on my couch on Instagram.
And of course the winner my best friend !!
The strawberry festival is the shiz!
tumblr is great but it's a pain working through its image sizing quirks
Welcome as a BroadwayCab follower!
Nice to have you on board!
In Montreal working on Blue Mt state with my old friend Ed Marinaro..Having a great time...Hot and Humid here..WOW
I've seen the movies!
But whatever, he's happy without all the money :D
naw u was just visiting sumbody at campus thatsall
Almost got pulled over!
Lol now late to dinner!!
Hah
I may not be the most popular and sexiest girl in school but I'm sure I'm the sweetest and most loving one.
Very true!
RT : great recording with u guys!!
can't wait to hear Believe in Me with lyrics/vocals!!
lmfao mine too
Thanks for the follow
if you're attempting to be critical, be specific.
Stewart is killing the ball.
Of course he has all season but the batted balls are finally missing the defense.
I hope it clears up my bout of Oh god, no.
Not another Vera Wang!
NOT ANOTHER MESSY UPDO!
MAKE IT STOP!
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Entrust 3 3
send me ur email addoctorss and I will forward u some info...
My life sucks.
Damn my nigga Rob!
Smh.
Ima create you a file so they'll know you're my lease when you come in tomorrow.
I don't work
oh hush.; don't tell me to calm down3 dm me loser!;
Thought dis nigga left sum good movies
Your gchat status is killing me.
My tweets are public for a reason enjoy 3
Hello Kerri, Thanks for mentioning my blog on your Twitter account.
My bad I fell asleep..
I will DM you RT whats you psn id cuzzo?
My school lost the football game :/ and I'm finally out of school I've been at school for 14hrs.
Finally home.
we call him worthy honorable master sir
What is your favorite fully automatic direct doctorve turntable model?
Might want to replace mine, looking for suggestions.
tbh, me and my cousin started with the Extensions thing.
Dont copy me.
i got them first bitch..
Tried  true.
RT : edawn consultant: I think you have a good brand with Biggest Little City, but what do I know?
been getting the this channel will be available shortly on HD for the last 3 days.
currently USA and Comedy Central...fix??
Standing on the corner of 38th and Georgetown with a Papa Johns sign.
Fml
was the same at USC!!
Whatever happened to synergy?
My Bestfriend's Brother is the One for Me 3  Haha:
I'm ready to quit school over a bad haircut.
I cant stand bad hair days.
I also need to get more sleep.
This being tired isnt working for me
RT Alert: our Line Dance Class is tonight at 7pm at Second Baptist Church!
Come out and have fun Richmond!
as real as it gets...
I have a hunch that Avery Bradley is gonna go off tonight
It's sad when you have to go to the taco bell in west Memphis because it's cleaner..
Kitten.
Definitely the kitten.
:
This week thx!
Do u guys like my new avatar??: hot abs right ppl 
She tries to sound just like Beyonce, lacking originality.
Why the judges can't see that I don't know.
Jen Vescio of ESPN on revenue streams: People pay for convenience, to be part of a club or for perceived value.
RT : Alice Walker is one of my favorite poets.
i miss the gamecube days..
I hear: I forget / I see: I remember / I do: I understand
Hey!
Just saw your tweet; we have much in common.
tryin' to convince myself i found one, making a mistake i never learned from.
i swear i always fall for your type...
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
Done and Done!!
lol chill, I'm just recognizing the holiday
Right !
People are ridiculous to get so tense about 's ad for !
Move on guys, it's just an AD!
hypocracy!
Thanks Chris  I can't wait!
I already got her a toy camera :
Yeah, but I love German chocolate cake like WOAH.
haha
Season four, episode one of MAD MEN: first time we see Don fixing his hair.
Moment felt a bit monumental to me.
Yo these cavs 4s r the worst smelling shoes I've ever had.
Keep an eye out for on the red carpet tonight along with walking with !
double feature night w/ the kids.
My Neighbor Totoro  Spirited Away FTW!
We're nearly there.
Dinner and derby are both important.
Sweet!
We'll circle back on this when the games are closer.
Horror movies are too fuckin predictable
Did Smith wind up leaving Condon?
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes of which all men have some.
C.
Dickens
good man.
It is not a bad idea to get in the habit of writing down one's thoughts.
It saves one having to bother anyone else with them.
Jury has come back with punishment for Nicole Turner, woman convicted of injury to a child in the death of 5 yr old Julian Soliz.
Waiting.
excited to cross see Bob Huggins' gigantic, angry, red face in person off my bucket list today.
oh,  my 1st cuse game this yr.
finally.
End of the bridal shower: when the heels come off, the earrings come out, and every woman either looks back or forward to her own wedding
yea I been slipping on my tweeting but I'm back at it what's good
I don't know if I should be congratulating you on that or not!
i didn't do my research paper that's due tomorrow tho...
baby steps guys, baby steps.
Cursed is the guy who has found some other man's work and can not lose it.
I'm thinking about becoming a hollister , af , abercrombie , or aeropostale model: who thinks I should try?
What a great day, just finished Secrets of an Inspirational Life great material by doctor Wayne Dyer.
I STILL WANT FROZEN YOGURT!
How's it going
Me:That game is too complicated.
3 Yr Old:We don't have to use all the rules, Dad.
Let's just have fun.
Had fun.
Who's parenting whom?
The Anchor Bar will open at 10am Saturday so stop by on your way to flugtag
It was very good!
Go see it when you can!
What a great day!!!
Dad hung out with us watching movies and gave us lots of treats!!
Mom coming home soon with ice cream.
Yeah....
So happy showed me the whatsapp app, chatting with my favorite Dutch friend made easy!
So far pretty good.
Wonder how that happened?
Good to have you back, though!
The guys name is Rev.
Jesse Lee Peterson.
it's time to GETLIFTED tonight at FB's!
3 bands, 4 bulleit bourbon, 3 imports, all for a 5 cover.
126 W Sixth St.
its a good cd keep rocking
we all have regrets in life
Two hottest girls on Big Break are in the first elimination challenge.
Marcus.
Bro it has been forever.
When u are here we most definitely have to catchup.
This girl told me I walk like I have something in my butt,and i thought you walk around with STDs ,haha.
If you don't wear silver and black, you're a dumbie!
Seconded.
: Something I don't miss about office life: At least it's almost Friday in the restroom, hall, etc.
I need a burger, stat.
When you set a goal make sure it is specific.
To be healthy isn't going to help you reach your goal, but to cut body fat by 5 is.
A hoe is like the first slice of bread in a loaf.
Everybody touches it but nobody wants it..
I would go earlier.
O.o I hate not having actual internet.
I get SOO behind in music.
:/
bet well we should play or something ill be im town at like 1 tomorrow
boozer fucked up
Oh cool.
You wanna hate on me for liking Britney Spears?
Sorry your fave will never be as successful.
I saw a girl walking around today with an iphone 2...
Pfft what a loser
My pleasure!
RT : Wow.
Our easy gesture: fresh fruit at the office has fostered much good will at Try it at your workplace
ONe Thing!
Is on q102 !!!!!!
Asdfghjkl
What did you want to be when you grew up???
I wanted to be 7 feet tall not a very good goal, I just thought it would be cool.
Wonder if that status was about me.
Brian Schimming: Saul alinsky was a radical.
He would have been behind what was happening at state capitol bc he believed in disruption.
Hm I wonder were and surfing together this morning???
Because they both posted pictures of them surfing 
I Love You
Why, thank you.
At the hotel Utah in San Francisco missing and :
Rock so many hats they thought I had a Lebron linin'/ I'm what the games missin': The Colts w/ Peyton Manning
Yay got my new knitted shorts from !!!!!!
Love their sales 3
Dewayne Russell is now of the market, he signed with Northern Arizona yesterday.
If Madonna sings Like a Virgin tonight, I think my TV will explode
Need Beats?
Contact us at: 30 For Regular Lease 40 For Premium Lease 100 For Exclusive Rights
Awww.
I needed that this morning.
Hi, guys!
RT : Insect screens r designed 2 keep bugs out, not keep kids in.
Keep child's play away from windows 4 safety's sake.
Apartment hunting in SF again.
Oh joy.
Not my cup of tea.
Dear Jets: GO GET RIGHT NOW!
GO GO GO GO
AfricanAmerican History Month was great!
Congrats to !!!
Yes, apparently I am capable of fitting into someone's head.
It must be from watching Magic School Bus all of those years.
Do you have a macro set up with the text in this tweet?
I've heard it at least 10 times before...
Feels good to have something I've always wanted.
Heart you too!
; RT : hate you a little
Oh, thanks for the reminder.
Turning it on now.
I enjoyed your post on about Con Academy but why'd you delete it?
Tune in at 11am with for final chocolate segmentdipping Sea Salt Caramels.
It's harder than you think!
If you scared of me if I am a big black nigga, then you rotten and racist!
Lol bad for my heath!!
Never turn your back on your enemy...
Tonight it is going to have to be a shrimp, cod and clam chowdah.
Time to blitz the cold with soup!
thank's for the recommendation.
We'll check it out.
Bloody Mary
oh well there's always next year.
We are very excited to have w/Jim Bernau tonight to start off our Spring Winemaker Dinner Series!!
Live your life to the fullest and never let anyone stop you from believing in your doctorams if you believe it then you can do it
Thanks !
Hope you are doing well!
House makes me afraid to be a human.
9/25: 12 pm McGuinn 121 with professorssor Anne Fausto Sterling from Brown.
A presentation with the integration of gender studies and biology.
I hope you at school !
ALRIGHT YHU WIN THIS TIME!
Happy Birthday buddy!
приобрёл Snap Backswag

just finished cleaning up , fina find me some to put on and me and my Bestfriend probably fina go see our boo's
1 exam left for the day
iDecide2B whatever works for me.
I am a teenage father who has decided on a safe, smart, protected, educated, and brilliant future.
OMG i did have my lip peirced but then i took it out bc it hurt hahaha got practice piano bcme and hannah and gonna play bruno mars on it!!
How about those Brewers?
First time in the national league championship series since I was a year old...FUCKIN A!!!
I know i saw Ringer got cancelled too.
I didnt watch it but i hate it got cancelled.
Follow serious moves are being made!
I have been informed that the nearest hammer is up at Circ.
Trying hard to ignore the noise.
It's that smile, that keeps me going.
ma petite princess Cva?
Packers take Florida State offensive tackle Andoctorw Datko in seventh round.
Up again in one more pick.
where you at Bro
really old why lol??
Who wants to b my cuddle buddy in dis rain and after
did anyone else's ticket and ads change places?
we are bad girls too right?
LOL...
gettin down and dirty at cricket rebuilding together event!
Daisy is here too!!!
Got any coffee gocups yet?
lol.
Nice place; I'll be back.
thank you!
let me know if you'd like to go out with us tonight : if not, have a great weekend!!
Everyone in the dance department knows who I'm talking about she has 3 brain cells...
Got lots done today, fixed broken props , worked on comp act.
feelin' good
you wanna come over and play GI Joe's?
Hey everyone, just a reminder to click the link in my description to like my pic so I can win this contest!
Thank you!
3
sounds wonderful.
I'm making choucroute garnie with juniper and caraway.
I just ate my very first hot dog wrapped in bacon.
As you can imagine, it was delightful.
haha yeah true he is cute mines would be PrinceRoyce hands down.
RT : The determination to win is the better part of winning.
Oh my gosh.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
Have you done the big move yet?
thanks!!
Happy thanksgiving to you too :
how is hossa?
STEALING ANGEL tells the story of Maggie Weaver who is on the run w/her 7 yearold daughter.
Angel has been abused by a caregiver
Twice today I made business calls and made immediate friends on Facebook.
Pretty cool.
Play what?
That sounds like a tech class not play time!
HELLO CODY : can you follow me back?
143 allday love YOU : i'll be really HAPPY!
3
Study homewrk read
Deserves an Oscar for not cursing or hitting borat aka the dictator
Thanks for all the RT's.
Much appreciated.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
But she came over me like some holy rite, And although I was burning, you're the only light, Only if for a night 3
JazzBars with KILLED it tonight!
We're working on bringing them back for an encore later this month because it was so DAMN HOT!
This why females get treated bad cause they don't realize a real niggaforreal
Nasal congestion
Maestas attrny,Thomson: in regards to why you didn't ask for one more day: seemed like the judge was always leaving on a jet plane.
Thank you very much!
You'll start to see even more interesting Tweets soon, referencing Scan for the truth!
Control the options: get others to play with the cards you deal.
When are you heading out?
TrustYourIntuition KnowThySelf RT : How has medical cannabis improved your life?
Are they for real?
Seriously?
Guess they want no one to watch.
Whatever.
lowest level of coaching/teaching/training, only one method of motivation....criticism.
Sad
Lots of chatter about student loans today.
How can we make college more affordable for Latino students?
To you as well!
I will check it out!
Feel like an evangelist have told two people this week about the glories of all the treasures to be foundOne a stranger on the subway
damn u sexy
LOL MY PERSONALIZED ONE FOR TONIGHT ; DURING THE SPEACH
you should...Let me..be really happy and follow mee x
I'm going with friends both days.
The weather couldn't be any better.
I'm excited to see
At Taproot orientation and happy to see the room full with about 24 pro bono volunteers
Lol its okay....
Youth is still on your side!
do you need any volunteers for the Diabetes Sports Camp?
Let me know.
Go Terps!
RT : Terps on fire!!
Keep it up !
Hope your Thursday is going well  !
Thank you for being our newest followers.
RT : Prayers go out to and Gregory.
hate is a strong word...
i bet she hasnt had the right one
Then we gotta anchor that bitch down..!
Lol RT Hawaii moves toward Japan 4 inches every year.
Universal City Walk is calling my name.....
I'm thinking it's just you and me
Check out these Outstanding Citizens:
You can refer to me as GOD now
but how do vampires fit into histories of serial killers?
ditto!
You went MIA!
i know your creeping
4 off rebounds for Pierce Hornung in 8 min.
6 total rebounds.
Dude is killing MurrayState on the boards.
SomberSongs The Pain, the Dark,  Other Stings
Laddering with heavy commentary in 20 minutes!
Hello!
How are you?
Was your visit to the VA a good one?
I'm kindof back.
I wanted to check in  let my followers know what's up.
Happy Bday The Queen of the Universe,the one only Madonna!
No your pretty smart.
You know stuff.
haha nope, i'll put up 12 bucks to win 2 from you.
Mayweather is too slick.
Ortiz is scared.
My Internet line is finally back up after having been cut by construction workers
Let's do this , Class Of 2012 ; 3
Its raining out so I get to sleep with two wet dogs in my bed.
Today's guest is Jordan Goodman...
decades of helping Americans improve their financial situations.
We can all use that help!
Join us!
Off the work grind!
Literally lolz now for a good workout n some lame hw :P
Really?
Spam on Twitter?
That's why I left Facebook!!
Sorry to everyone who got spam from me!
A collection of rare thoughts is nothing less than a cabinet of intellectual gems.
William B.
Sprague
you should do a QA then
Thank you!!
Yes, my tweeting has been down b/c everyday is crazy busy, LOL.
Hope all is great with you :
Got a very small taste of the schedule of a touring performer this weekend and have a new level of respect for the grind
I'm working at home..
igg : x x
Dwight, you ignorant slut .
Fuck being the only sober one!
That's excellent!
Whereabouts is it located?
Always interested to see where the new DHfocused centers are popping up.
: That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker  there's no way around them Just Like Work!!'
Sixers will battle Boston.
Still hurting from 4 losses in a row.
That was unexpected.
Posted on a friend's wall: If Reagan was our Teflon president, Obama is our Velcro president.
yes we ship perfumes abs colognes to Bermuda, would you like to make an order?
fitfluential Would love your help getting to 500 followers on this Friday!
Listening to David Houle All City vistagedc2012.
Thank you !
Rain on my head call that brain storming
My favorite AFC West team to HATE is .
My son has never seen me cry...almost today....nickname time for this team
Hahaha no sadly!
My heart rate is still over 100
Up early hoping to go see avengers this morning!
Good AfterNoon Now :
!cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
i should be there.
will spread the word to govinfo types in the library
ima be at the 12AM show the morning it come out.
lbs.
Sitting at the mall on the puter watching the parade of people go by me.
It looks like there is no clear cut doctorssing style for Saturday AM.
good morning cranky pants :
Does anyone know where to get mantones here in San Diego?
Mike Vick A Beast!!!!!
I love happy endings.
I literally just watched an episode when I took a break like 40 minutes ago.
I'm there in spirit, haha.
I think I'll just have a lot of cats.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit.
Attended a screening of with a QA with director at Lincoln Center.
HIGHLY recommended!
I cried a little...
Poised Creation has met many great people in Arlington!
We would like to thank you for your kindness!
but wait, doesn't that contradict twitters own terms of service?
Omg the Stanley in The Streetcar Named Desire is not bad, not bad at all ;D lmao
count on me, anytime!
jk.
it will go well!
give it ur all and shoot everything lol
Moving home, Packing my life into boxes!
Work is closing at 3pm today for snow.
Of course now it looks like the sun is trying to come out.
no he just says it very very asian.
im not right now lol im headed to walmart but yeah we always on when we got nothing to do lol
Midnight for the next chicken announcement!!
Today 1875: Walter Kohler, Wisconsin's 26th governor, was born in Sheboygan.
He was the son of the founder of Kohler Company.
Garcia: Looking for people w diversity of experiences.
That way they can get variety of recommendations.
um..
Probably like 8 or 9.
ill watch it again with you.
promise.
The things you own end up owning you.
wow, now i REALLY hope that i dont get her.
Yes, yes!
I'll be adding yours, too.
As soon as I figure out those bells and whistles.
: I don't mind the lass of Nat Park nearly as much as loss of public access to the land.
Should be a park!
Just heard speak on shifts in public humility, previewing a forthcoming book.
Wonderful presenter.
Where can you buy glycerin for making soap?
I love books....while i was reading a book when is this story gonna start the fun part!!!
so i just like books change my min haha :p
Help we're stuck in twitter and I can't get out!
;
i hate it when people say they have your back then when your down and need help they the first person gone
But he knows you're not like either.
He can cooperate voluntarily or involuntarily.
How are you?
I'd like to see if you have any event you'd like our station to cover!
Shoot me an email if you're interested
text me!
: milk is never a bad choice unless you could've had chocolate milk
Wow!
I love your breakfast Illustration!
So what did the dumbass...
I mean, Borg say?
We just got in Chrome Canister Style Fuel Filters in our actual walk in store.
Just 4.00 each.
And Glass Fual filters just 7.00.
My girlfeiend is 6 weeks pregent i am proud to be a new daddy..i also got a 14 year old son..
6 hours and 12 pages of work later, I still got the problem wrong
San Diego Hunger Coalition Connecting Local Farmers to Schools
awww thank you :
Boys always downgrade to the trash
NF the beautiful She has GREAT pics.
Just checked ingotta see if anyone noticed Russell's new mustache...barely see it!
I wanna meet now : I just wanna talk to him, hug him and I want him to tell me, that everything will be okay ..
Happy Paczki Day
Getting naked and masturbating in public is a pretty normal Wednesday night for most people in PB
wow that's sad.
Nice pic btw.
S/o to the only person who puts up with my nonsense and still loves me  8/31/11 cheesytweet iloveyou 
Nicely played AJ
I thought we were too weird??
Hehehe...
Freshman formal's comin' up...
ASKIN' HIM TO THAT OKAY.

then I'm in!
U got extra sleeping bag?
'Relationships' that last less than a year are not relationships.
They are merely persisting flings or romances if you will.
: In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.
Especially if it's a Braum's hamburger!
Also, I'll have you know I typed that off the top of my head, before coffee.
are you a parking ticket?
Cause you got fine written ALL over you;
Not caring :
Lurking Larry.
Get tested, STAY POSITIVE!
WOTD: Who would you cast to play the band members in Wilco?
Helping my mom in her 3rdgrade classroom today.
Its been 1.5 hours and I'm already exhausted.
God bless teachers!
Hope you had good meeting Jeff.
Their Cost of Freedom App seems to be doing good.
The good part about learning at the last minute my conference trip won't be funded is that I suddenly have four or five unscheduled days.
87 cappers with their plays posted Sunday with Consensus in the NBA on Knicks.Houston a College Stanford..
See ya at the Window
David Rockwell's mom started a community theater and David built sets and acted in all the plays
RT appreciated OG!
Oh  download my nephew 's new mixtape TwentyOne.
Ya'll will agree, kid is NICETY!
Deep breaths then back in the game.
Getting humans to change bad behavior can lead the instigator to pick up bad habits at the local bar.
GAB won't certify primary until Friday, but some clerks already have mailed put absentee ballots.
that's not good for the baby miss thang!!!!
what would your cell block be named?
what's your genre?

Just spotted your tweet about Contador.
Bummer.
true...but shouldn't we learn from the mistakes of the past?
Also, do you know what uses to create the caricatures?
The good old days are happening right now.
When setting your Easter table, don't forget Root candles, America's best candle comes in a variety of colors and styles  BullFish!
She don't care
Sending love to LMNS Giveaway Sponsors GL Accessories
my fault , been out the way lately, over Texas, phone been in the quiet bag since I left
I took my twitter break but now back to last 30 pages of revision to call it a night.
Thanks for chiming in and stuff!
:D
HOLY SHIT!!!
I'M GAINING SO MANY FOLLOWERS ALL I DID WAS Blah Blah Blah I get so sick of reading that shit everytime I log on..
The super bowl?
0.
Kind sir : What are my chances of winning?
I only see West coast cities.
LOOKING FOR PITTSBURGH ARTIST'S WHO WOULD LIKE TO PERFORM BAR THE 17TH OF MARCH 150 FOR 30 TICKET'S U SELL 10 A PIECE HMU 4 DETAILS
Thanks for the FF!!
Perry had a 54 second brain fart, Obama has had one that's lasted 3 years!
Thank lord for coffee.
Why are normal human beings asleep around 2am?
I'm wide awake and bored.
waa
how can i get a flyer any way to mail em out?
All kinds of early baseball to kick off Sunday Funday.
Bloodies and mimosas!
Taking a real chance watching SOTU while tweeting from my iPhone..
May have an urge to throw something  the TV
YouKnowYourAGeekWhen You get more excited for history class than going home
Playing tonight in NYC  Sullivan Hall featuring the Wild Magnolias and Houseman!!!
Honey Island Swamp Band opens at 9pm.
I want more Christopher GuestEugene Levy Fred WillardJennifer CoolidgeBob Balaban Catherine O'Hara
This game irritating me and I ain't got time to hear nine of y'all mouths u annoying heat haters on twitter that is
President annouces complete withdoctorwl from iraq.
Its bout time they get to come home.
40,000 merry christmas s this year.
Thank a vet
He threw a golf shoe at my team!
how can i like him after that?
then as he was walking his shin collided with Briere's head
Can anyone recommend a business thesaurus to ?
Cake and beer FTW.
i think someone is playing with my shit!!!!
lol
It would have been really hard to hate the L.A.
Oh god, someone please help me.
I'm so fucking weak.
some of us are actually from FL...
some of us have survived car jacking...
you?
boston is eliminated.
at least something went right this year.
great book for everyone but intended as a kids' picture book: A River of Words, The Story of William Carlos Williams
There's no point in worrying because if something bad happens, you've lived it twice.
Looking for people to join Wine Diego
crown heights
How do you get an alien baby to sleep?
You Rocket...
Follow my bro .
One of the coolest guys around!
I love him!
now go FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW!
:DD
so dark.
so punk.
Real friends answer when they're on the crapper XD
can't DM bc he's not following me:/
I keep my circle tight!
working from home today.
The snow is crazy here.
Anyone using Google Buzz yet?
Google is trying to take over the world.
still ?
Nice to see you, please don't steal the gov't pens.
See you might have the same outfit but if you aint got my swag you can't rock it like this!!
Best not to think too much about that.
taste daaa rainbow
I want a puppy.
:
thank you for taking part in all of this!
Every person counts 3
Stay safe,  RT : US Navy orders Va.
ships to prepare to get out of the way of Irene beginning early Thursday
take a look at me, then you'll realize how pretty you are.
c:
Dark Shadows used to be a shitty melodoctormatic soap opera back in the day.
Why did they decide to turn it into a shitty shitty movie now.
BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER!!!
I think you'd have to wait in a long line outside the lockerroom for that jeer.
good mornin...I hurt myself working out yesterday...so I am actually skippin yoga this mornin but have every intention of doing yoga tonight
Happy to see I am not the only one out there who's house looks taken over by toys!
RT thanks so much!
: just doctorpped a massive new song.
You guys need to check them out, this is quality stuff.
Being a singer, I know quite a number of others, but most are over here.
Bagging a bassbaritone could be a challenge, but hey...
We're missing tonight!
Feel better comisterde!
Sometimes we waste too much time thinking about someone who doesn't even think about us for a second
Turn that speakerphone down, I can't hear myself doctornk.
such a good movie!
Big crush on soccer/futbol girls!
Good man.
: Happy Birthday to one of our community's finest faith leaders, Rev.
C.J.
Rhodes 
The Florense USA team wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
We're celebrating the 1 Gospel single in the country!
's 'Let the Church Say Amen' TY to all radio announcers
I hope we are best friends like Jonathan  David 
That was pretty funny actually hahaha!
Congratulations to Jay Sanchez NAGA Bantam Weight Expert Division Champion
It's Friday!
Just thought that I'd share :
sounds like I missed another twitter dust up!
Lol
yes they are, mostly!
They do have saturated fat so eat them in moderation about 1/2 a cup but check serving size
God bless them.
Come on twittahhhhhhhh
Right on!
Thanks for following.
Finally got a chance to see John McLaughlin a couple years ago in S.F.
Big Soul Sounds
I usually don't hate on any artists music..
But seriously Nicki.
What are you doing.
Sweet!!!!
RT : You can have any of our coffee frappuccinos LIGHT!
: Is there a lowcal one???
.
and Cantor back UE benefits for people back to work?
WTF?
How much deeper do we dig the hole, fellas?
Coogee's lovely, isn't it?
My son's father lives there.
so boring when u r away of your purpose....
The LinSanity continues as the Knicks beat the
Sally39;s blog :: Oprah Winfrey is a role model worth career women to ...
Watching Mad Men on Netflix, this is seriously my favorite show ever.
Man, this sounds sad.
RT : Ballgame over.
Yankees lose.
listening to Rage Against the Machine while writing my international peace Studies paper.
take the power back!
would be proud
Ahh great work out!
:
84 The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captainres the doctormatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
You need help Yeah, what the fuck is your point?
Down low niggas
Probably gonna get back to my element n make some chill music tonight.
Word.
: Sending out your first book is like sending your child out into traffic on the freeway 
I love when I'm on an important call and the Beauty and the Beast soundtrack accidentally starts booming loudly.
Haven't seen a politician cut such a dashing figure since Boris Yeltsin
thank god n dc we pay some of the highest gas prices
The Bucks outscored the Blazers 6229 after Portland had an 11pt.
lead early in the 3rd.
Perfect day for making banana bread!
I'm in!
Great idea!
: I had a blast, would not have been the same w/o you!
yes...success :D and Isabel wanted to be an engineer.....and I change my mind every day lol .
What does women...routinely give better mean?
Happy Birthday !!!
Love you !!
there is no end date set
At FL410 I get an epiphany.
The only reason I subscribe to the MJS is because of the sports writers.

then follow my blog please!
:
Marshall is done.
So Kottaras is on to pinch hit against Ondoctorsek.
There's still plenty of time left for 4 salads at the Bakehouse!!
We hope to see you there....

well, at least it wasn't a chart for best food.
UK would have been a lot farther down the list I fear.
Just saw a pretty solid music performance, well thought out and definitely a nice Friday evening in the
We are raising multiple choice thinkers in an essay world.
wise words
you know how the diamondbacks hit a home rum every time's the bases are loaded?
gah...
we need some of that.
Ikea?
They're the best.
Grand opening of MyStudio Fridays!!
Hit me up for tables, !
If you're not busy, doctorp by cujinnovation to see our interactive project.
Bummer : hopefully it can be found online.
Owner Ashley Grant with reporter !
Looking forward to the story on Valentine toffee!
It will air soon!
I miss my BFF cole
did your husband come with?
the Epic 4G was used as a primary testing device in dev'in the game.
Have not tested with rooted, thx 4 the heads up!
woot woot!
get your tickets asap, and bring some friends!
it's gonna be a partayyy
Sorry man.
Too good an opportunity to turn down, especially considering it's YouTube  Google.
It will be worth it in the end.
I received a best of Ringling award today with for our exhibition design project, Dark Nature.
BIg thanks for the FF!
Have an awesome weekend!
need some motivation today
But they don't find the monster.
Im Writing alot these days, and am looking for ways to get Music out to everyone possible.............
act single  you'll end up single .
No haha.
I like the fact that I look like a man.
lol
Happy New Year's Eve!
We can't wait to see you all tonight to bring in 2012, Grazie style!
I have two vacant positions: Associate Director/COPE and MPA Career Counselor.
Apply online.
Severe weather expected Saturday Nebraska's spring game still on as scheduled 1 pm start.
NU officials will be monitoring weather
I have that signed by him.
Orange label on Rock and Roll Records?
Should I come up there and sell it?
I'd take 150
for the laughs :
congrats on finally making the tourney again.
real cute program you have going there.
TY for following
I'm a HUGE fan...think I can get an autograph?
PLEASE???
Sittin here wit 8 twix n 4 containers of cookies and i plan on eating them all right now :
Watched never aired episode of Fearless was in it!
Wish show would've aired.
those books were super special 2 me in jr high.
Great warm wknd in MS w/ my Mom...looking forward to NYC tomorrow.
Coaching is great thing,,,'ya know!
moolaboys we mixin shit up over here SPACESHIPS ON MY WAY TO PLUTO
More and more happy hour lovers are using our app to find HH!!
Is your happy hour in our directory?
www.gotime.com
parenttrigger forces failing schools to ansr to fams they serve...For our parents in comms, this opp cant wait
Check out Jay Leno, I will be dancing on there tonight with Gloria Estefan.
Have fun and hope your students enter 2012!
RT : Taking my history class for a talk with
like Hughes 2 but his x's running out hope he can fix what's wrong.Luv Pettitte 2 can't wait!
BaBye garcia!
Adele wins it all tonight just like Amy Winehouse, Macy Gray, and Lauryn Hill.
Here's to a better follow up this time.
Follow your doctorams
daymmm how many followers do u have right now?
just tryin to stay sane
So, Manny Pacquiao thinks all gays should be put to death.???
Well, that sucks.
Hey!
Yey Holts!
Hope your weekend is fantastic!!
If i hear no hands ONE MORE TIME...
have you seen his pictures when he participated in Walk a mile in her shoes?
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!!
WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ?????
:DD 3 yee 4
Gods limitless energy strengthens me inside and outside.
FF !!!!
TeamBluey!
that's what's up!
: The bumps are badges of honor.
Every athlete hits a few bumps in the road..staying strong to come back strong!
I do I was the one who wanted to be your side kick
Raining in St.
Louis.
Perfect time to study our new uptune.
Your cute
lol Katy Perry..you know where i work..well is a privilege to get to tuck me in wink wink
4 hours of sleep sounds wonderful right now.
goodnight3
Austin has his second single, I cannot wait for his FIRST CD 
15peopleilove She's also a really great friend to have and a really great writer you should read her stories!
:
Louis is my new boyfriend...jk ;
IT IS GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS CALL FOR VIP TICKETS IF YOUR IN MIAMI FL PARTY BUS,FREE doctorNKS, ALL NIGHT V.I.P
Fox News magazine store in Houston is all out of The Nation, but has plenty of copies of Cigar Aficionado.
have to file open records for that info.
And we stopped his father in law the night he was home after game.
My biggest fear??...
a charlie horse in the middle of a sleeping stretch!!
them thangs do not play.
Jingle bells, haters smell.
Losers go away.
JUSTIN WON, haters lost!
Beliebers all the way!
HEYY!
:
These antibiotics are kicking my ass!
doctorwzyDizzy
Why did everybody try to get me to follow their diet when I know what works for me?
They changed their tunes when they saw me skinny
Looking forward to wrath of the titans!
And battleship!
Orioles these aren't the teams we're supposed to beat, right?!
currently dead from the band lockin
My first order of business...Saints Row 3
Why not
Will you please Support the Official Petition to save Conan?
www.imwithconan.com/petition Please RT
Woot!
When's that?
is stunned.
I miss talking to
If you want to be trained about how to collect recall signatures come to the Bourbon Street Grille in Monona from 45 this Thursday.
cat carrier on the way to the vet :
Gahhh!
I know : see you tonight?
it'll happen somehow, I believe!
haha
Good win, great to see back on the court
ok so i need a white board, a stapler, and an iMac Pro.
i am NOT a PC.
SMH
hey whats up
I hate when people get mad when I tell them like it is .
If I don't like you then I don't deal with it smh
Are any of u excited of any movie that will be on theaters in 2012?
Please tell me!!!
Ugh, I don't feel like chatting with the cleaning lady today and I hear her coming.
Too much to do, no time for small talk.
yikes!
Kids found one in ours too a few weeks back.
Nice snap.
thank you.
U too.
Have a good day :
AskEllen Will I get to be a guest on your show in the very near future?
;p
is tripping off nothing lol smh
Noonan may eat his words later.
Is Casee Anthony Guilty ?
Has the State proved its case beyond a reasonable Doubt.
RonArtest has to go!
He don't need to play in the NBA anymore
Simple exercise tip: Walk around your building on your lunch break at work.
Invite a coworker to join you.
Well, I do plan to doctorss in black
Trying to not go to bed to early but want to pass out.
Oi.
I remember in high school when I had started a Glee club calledTreble Rebelsor as my classmates  faculty used to call usshut up faggots
im a reynard and im proud3
If u can't spell principal it probably shouldn't be on the resume...
no hire.
Eww it smells nasty, krystall did you shit on yourself?
Her: dont hit me.
Me slaps her ...
mean big sister :
Im obviously a bad bitch RT : why ?
Congrats to  on their big playoff win today!
Keep it rolling.
RT : no o okay
hey girl, i'm off the grid for a little while...
like next weekend.
Hope all is well!
hopefully i can go out tonight after soccer today.
I'm a radial button kind of guy so the live powers will be a new experience looking forward to it!
: :  I Ain't Doing No Pick Ups Or No doctorp Off Today!!!!
yaw niggas is 3663Yeah What He Said!!!!
oh I'll find a way to do that I'm sure!
Thanks!
Smart women can read through men who take too many pictures of their perfectly chiseled bodies..usually means u dont have much to offer
get'em big guy!
A new monastic brewery coming to PA.
m.postgazette.com/living/libations/usmonasterybrewsreturnafteracentury1210360
Aaannndd now I'm hungry...
.
The foul with 14 left was idiotic
I wish it were just 9 PM already so the finale of would come on...
don't forget the capital W...
Absolutely this RT : Every time I hear the Beatles I'm struck by what a genius George Martin was.
Acting should be bigger than life.
Scripts should be bigger than life.
It should all be bigger than life.
Bette Davis
what was written in the opinion column is not the statement of Manny, it was the writer's opinion.
Well if you have two Ohio Honey's at Spice it's going to be a partay!
I can't even put my makeup on one side of my face, my cheek hurts so bad haha
Holy crap.
The prettiest people do the ugliest things NP All Falls Down
how you
If you love god retweet:
Italian sandwiches from a place named after a place in the US, which is actually in Canada?
right!
that nigga Wolf was a livewire for sure
Back to D
Love this book RT fridayreads SAVORY SWEET LIFE by Choc cupcakes w/peanut butter frosting?
YES.
I think chuck norris should get off his whimpy little a and bring back walker texas ranger....love ya chuck.
We cannot solve today's problems with yesterday's thinking.
That's how we got here.
Oh.
That's much less exciting.
Hopefully it wasn't in support of a candidate you can't stand!
gotta update that Twitter, son!
GLiTTERSWAG Lovatics got it.
You mad bitch?
Stay mad.
;
SOMBODY GIVE ME INTERACTIONS IM BOARED
Yeah I hate those 10 scratch cards, you always have so much hope for them, but they end up being a big time loser.
Can't stop watching That 70s Show
ReplaceTheProBowlWith Rob Ryan and Troy Polamalu shaving each others head
Awesome win, crew!
Even if t plush was out.
:
k : if you cant get it open...
I may have to show you tomorrow....
it is aweful
anywhore, what's up guys?
:
oh girl, this is good!
xx
It was too funny not to share.
I love when Twins turn these double plays.
I know what isn't going to win best sound mixing: The 84th Annual
Columbia down 6462 to Harvard 3:05 left in OT.
and spike lee sitting down again
u no wat?
im so hungry...but im 2 lazy 2 walk downstairs and get somethin :
What's up my ppl
i just realized you have one of these...go spit on brain, then follow me.
yea me too..
gimmie some free coffee lol
FEELIN LIKE THE END IS NEAR JUST WAITING FOR HIM TO OPEN HIS MOUTH AND BE REAL smh!
If God didnt exist, we would invent himdownload InSpotter app
Going Hard 4 Christ in MW3!
I hate when the president is in town.
More cops on the street,  they just block the sidewalk.
Screw my school for being so close to the UN.
I'm so proud of you, really.
JoBros are back!
I just finished a 3.60mi run with a pace of 7'26/mi with my Nike GPS app.
yea but freedom hall will always be my fav...
I really hope WM comes to Lucas Oil
Reminder  No Friday Free Day today.
I did my screencasting assignment 2 weeks early.
That means I can take a pass on doing anything else productive over the weekend, right?
LOL, I guess many of the Biggies aren't known for their originality, eh?
;
Excuse me??
You're like already better at twitter than I amwtf?
I'm doing the right thing.
the road to Hell is paved with good intentions, so keep lying to yourself.
Guys, it's ok, we've scored 7 or more runs twice already this year.
Sitting on the dock of the bay...
Tim Tebow to Deliver Easter Sermon at Texas Church
No problem smart n sexy wow!!
U represent Team2Sexy!!
That is beautiful.
showed me that.
He loves me.
It looks fantastic as always.
I can tell you've been working on it a long time.
When do you think the final harvest will be?
Karl Rove  James Carville to keynote 1st Annual Congressional Civil Justice Caucus Academy Gala tomorrow, 6pm  Reagan Building
I remember that day like it was yesterday...
Since the players union didn't get what they wanted, the next step is to recall David Stern.
Pizza and ranch!
One of the best combos...
Who is going to the ICFF next month?
May 19  May 22, 2012 Location: May 19  22, 2012 Jacob K.
Javits Convention Center, New York, NY
If Guinness were actually mothers milk, would that make us all Irish?
Thatz gud gotta stay positive.....negative stuff bring u down
Damn you, shitty weather!
That's twice now that my skydiving plans have been cancelled.
I don't care if there's a tornado, I'm going next wk
uh meaning I expect men to let women off the elevator first
Holding on is harder than it seems.
good luck!
But we can target bond expenditures at projects that can free up general funds which can be used for teachers
Highfives for everyone!
RT : So what happens if no one bows out?
What the deuce??
Since when is there a TacoDeli on North Lamar?
I joke around saying it, but I think people grow a stupid gene when the weather changes too fast.
GET OUT OF MY WAY!
Wow!!
We were just promo'd on TribeFest special feature!!!
So exciting!!
anything quantum is automatically 100 times cooler.
not anymore :
I likee a guy but he has a girlfriendd ..
And he's a playerr.
:'
from Jim Friauf Shall I follow you here or the OSU you?
Nice thing about entertaining at dusk is that dust and crumbs are not as readily apparent.
has joined SMSS12 panel.
Had ta hurry up and cancel that request lol
pls follow back?
:
A combination of getting up late and being on the west coast but Lunchtime is not an appropriate hashtag for me right now.
that was a big win over a very good team.
They will be a very tough group in WCC play
already voted for u in athlete on Jan 5th but didn't know about the football category!
On it.
Hurry back
dogs are pack animals, do you want a pack of  those?
LOL.
You were going to vote for him anyway.
Nice try, tho
did you see Like Crazy?
Or do you just know that the bathroom is the appropriate place to weep about it?
ur official tweeter?
It's not possible to succeed in anything, if you don't want to do it in the first place.
So true Cameron!
Looking for SoFla mom bloggers for a fun family event in June!
Nothing new here.
How about you?
sorry for the late response i missed this reply.
You should be able to add a link under the resume section of your professorle
of choose course.
Lol You know me.
Taking care of the hubby and kids, exercising, cleaning house...
You know same old same old
Perfect can't wait, glosses are almost sold out;
File these under gross Halloween candies: banana Laffy Taffy and BullsEyes.
Ellen DeGeneres is in Minnesota to spread the word about moving to 4pm on watch for sightings at tonight's Twins game!
So good.
Definitely!
Interesting.
Could be down, let me think about and I'll be in touch!
Finally back on Twitter since Thursday.
: Great to finally meet you, too!
See you at Beta in a few weeks?
BOTTLES are more elegant and vintage 
Fair enough.
NowShowing ORIGINS OF AMERICAN ANIMATION Collection of early American animated cartoons
Got a test early in the morning  I don't no what it's on talk about clueless !
Learning how to fill out the patents papers :
Interviewing FSU students for internships in sales and marketing.
haha, it happens.
I accidentally doctornk a bunch if caffeine, so I'll be up all Night.
Oops.
When you feel like a winner, you go to Vegas
My pops just pulled a female at the bar
thanks Linda for kns mention have a great week
We are heading out to the Food Truck Extravaganza tomorrow Look for some tasty postings on Antengo!
clippers need to play KMart more
yayyyy!
It's at your house?
wish we had floor seats doe
Ooh, I feel so lucky to be grouped with both of you!
this house is SO much better when im alone.
alone as in without my mom here.
: u for real?
U were suppose to wait 4 me!!
Lol yep im serious at one of my favorite resturant
All mann....
Got 2 work??
I would really enjoy the chance to start one Manchester Derby b4 I die.
Make it happen
That sounds racist.
I'm so glad people are talking about this.
Thanks!
Will correct at 11!
Thanks for the RT!
Let's show those eles some love!
she is an actress she played deuce girlfriend on shake it up and she was in that so raven
you shoulda went swimming.
it wasn't that cold!
We are going to Vantage pointe building tonight from 6:15 to 8:15 on 9th street!
Ciao
Focus: mission, vision, determination and implementation...
: that's gonna be some potent stuff!
lots of art crushes, good ideas and international art xchanges today at ispany12 I3ny
Dealers have nothing to hide
where have u been?
That song is awesome!
yea we should!
I need to get better though haha
Open word document, type name, hour break.
FloRida and Juliet?
Not exactly the best combo.....
FYI: Philly's Broad St.
run impacted crowd arriving late.
top with a couple of different cheeses and sauteed onions and mushrooms!
Nice pic.
What is that filter?
X Pro II?
hipstagram has filters like PBR Tuesday.
Fdoctorturned the US around by raising minimum wages to living levels and penalizing biz for using overtime versus new hires.
love u too!
A day of sleep and recovering from sunburn capped with a beer is not so bad.
Watch me tonight on NBC 7/39 on my lawsuit against SDPD on behalf of an Arizona cop falsely arrested by SDPD!
I need Mari's help to get you tweeting, lol.
Yeah.
I noticed that as well.
ALA had a presence at C2E2.
Why not CPL?
It seemed odd.
Not bad, but lacking in the everimportant zebra reference department.
I am going through withdoctorwal ...
LOL
Thank you!
RT : welcome and thx for following!
what's goin' on in this fucked up state?
xD
thanks for the follow.
I'd love to chat and see how we can collaborate
Went to Trader Joe's and forgot my reusable bags again.
thank you so much!
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
George Santayana
Dear sanitary toilet seat cover maker, y did u make the toilet seat cover smaller than the toilet?
Thnk u 4 carin abt my health.
That's right
I hope you are not texting and doctorving.
o snaps haha is it the first day on the job?
I envy you right now.
RT : Advice from : Be naive.
From : Be childlike.
From Steve: Stay foolish.
From me: Play more video games.
I have to admit, I'm enjoying your ungluedness, but don't want your stomach's lil' ecosystem screwed up by antibiotics.
i couldnt agree with you any more school sucks
Money goes money comes it's what you know about it.....
Not saying it's not great that he's openly supporting it.
I just would have liked him to be talking about it 3 years ago or so.
stressful week starts from tomorrow!
We are so cool!
Ha ha ha!
I'll send you my paypal link!
Awww.
Thanks, J.
We missed you at Muse.
ha.
I already am.
But I expect yours to be even more colorful and emotionally bias.
keep up the great works sis
always have faith don't ever forget it!!!!
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.
Romans 12:12
wow then u def doin sum right, u even got game on twitter.
congrats
If nothing lasts forever.
Will you be my nothing?
3
If im in ur way dont fuckin push  be a bitch like tht; say excuse or i swear ill beat the shit out of u:
excuse me
yeah it does look kinda rhianna ish....
Ugh.
Knicks battling injuries!
All year we've battled injuries.
Doesnt give this team a chance to show that they can do!
nope you couldn't ever be either....
a ha!
just figured it out!
LOVE this thing!
Roald Dahl We are the music makers and we are the doctoramers of doctorams.
Officially done with 3/6 classes.
I'll be a college grad in under 36 hours!
Now for 5.5 hours of sleep before I have to start tmisters hell day
Raven nation get a load of this guy Giving our fans a hard time.
most likely...day doctornking right now!
Isn't Eisenhower far?
The trails at Hardberger are awesome.
Love it there.
Well, the latter certainly describes you.
About to make some Hamcheese
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!
Actually cold in LA today.
Good prep for Alaska on Wednesday.
Rosanne Cash adds voice to sex ads opposition  HM
morning boo
Excited to be at the Digital PR Next Practices Summit today with the Bhavans
Rockin' New Year's Eve for ever after.
RIP mister Clark.
Hm.
Maybe.
And while I know it was the 70's the disconess of it just seems incongruous with everything else.
LOVE the pics of you and your folks!
Your mom makes me think appliques: Uterati appliques.
Who are the craftiest among us?
Do what's right, not what's easy.
you buying me a new pair of kicks?
My ShoeGame is on point
Genital Hospital blows in your ear and tickles your fancy.
haha u would notice that;
excellent brother!
You da best.
Great night with my fam!
Oak Grove gets 4x acceptances into UC than Valley Christian
Wanted to thank you for being our first donator on kickstarter for our film Mommy Loves You.
Again...thankyou...
R.G.
Powell
We did too!
Thank you for coming!
vale Hank Nelson, png has lost a great historian.
I think i just ate my weight in food.
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
I dont wanna take this life for granted like i used to.
hahaha sounds good!
All I made was funfetti cake lol
everyone said it was good.
Suppose I should be grateful my city computer and Blackberry take turns freezing up.
text me for the plans this weekend
I always get super excited about planning events and then I remember how much work it is!
Ambassador Rasool recognizes the USA ANC CoChair doctor Jean Baileyher efforts in coordinating projects in the US and HU !
Thanks Samire for sharing Mandy's Avengers post!
Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
i had one and could prove it.
Congrats on good run
Happy Valentines Day!!!!
Hope all my Twitter friends are doing great!
I've been playing, playing, and playing some more!
XOXO!
Congratulations!!
I can't wait to meet the geekiest baby to date !!!
J.D.
Souther performing When You're Only Lonely
The Who?
Truly 'ing some1 means freely letting them go, even tho it hurts you, because it makes the one you  happy.
Why deprive them of happiness?
I luv sunny and 70 degree weather
i'll text u
The runner was safe.
Foot was off the bag.
Padoctors should have another shot at winning that one.
Time for instant replay in MLB.
You are too kind  thanks so much!
btw, Ridley Scott did Blade Runner.
you knew that, but I had to mention it because, well, it's Blade Runner.
I still don't get why Pete cheats on Trudy...
She's way prettier and more interesting/strong than Rory Gilmore...
You never know what you'll find at the back of the closet
not sure exactly, b/c the beta has not yet been released.
Their punchline is digital passport.
Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles if I could just see you, tonight.
What is that link of ?
It says it was suspened or something .
: So you can tweet and put status's, but you can't text me?
K.
HAHAHAHA i just read this out loud to a friend who immediately and emphatically answered yes!
acting silly right now, watchin wizards of waverly place the movie with my babygirl KaLiaH!!!
.: Planned Parenthood doesn't ask who you voted for  you get taken care of and the community is healthier
Give me some clothes nig.
the new stuff is only available instore at the shop right now.
get your blvckscale on..
Thanks for your live Tweeting, so we can stay in the loop from here!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Starbucks  Starbucks
I'm so bored
I am losing a lot of respect for right now...
A recent survey concluded that today women are the most beautiful at 30, according to both sexes, and men look the most handsome at 33.
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest shit ever.
G.M.N.I.: I just want to see my moms w/ everything she deserves before I leave this earth.
It's one of my few doctorams.
thanks are you in houston?
Just read in a blog: verticalizing the horizontal nature of peertopeer networks creating a defacto digital hierarchy.
your that dude with a sparkly iPhone case.
Still lookin bomb af doe
ill give u that.
We saw it 1st hand this weekend
How does Weaver NOT throw yet another nohitter tonight?
Saying our lineup is embarassing would be an understatement.
What the shit.
happy birthday i love u so mush.
my birthday is in november the 16.LOL: follow me
We have been trying to access our Adobe Platinum Support for Flex Builder Pro 3.0 since June with no luck.
Anyone have any ideas?
Bitch gon respect me, bitch aint gotta like me Way i check a nigga ya would think i worked for Nike.

so what's your name?:
For the next 2 hours swing by Diego's Mexican Cantina and get the deal shown here: 6.99 Combo  a Coke!!
I will be retweeting the most hilarious Brad and Angelina tweets ...
stand by ...
Back on the road to the Dark Tower.
wizardandglass I've missed my Gunslinger.
.
is the first single going to be Forced Gender Reassignment?
i feel like that would be a strong first single for this album.
Belmont's Kailee Kamps swept girls shot put  discus titles to lead the Braves to a secondplace finish in the Six Rivers team standings.
I'm sitting with you so save me a seat:
especially w/o
Thoughts on the impact of greatly expanded access to studentloans as a contributor to pct highered students taking them?
Worked 8 hours on preproduction today.
Today was a good day!
Prepping articles on art and museums roles in climate change education
Hey , it's hip hop Friday in our office.
Is it too early to request Teach Me How to Dougie?
It's an office fav.
Thanks!
I'm so tired..
I feel like I made a mistake...
: I was wondering if it was too hard of a question...
Everybody  Some Watches Bad Girls Club.

It's like feeding the homeless.
It mocks the rest of our lives.
Time for a little Shakespeare Sunday!
I have 1 goal this week...
and its not even up to me to complete!
what's good
Congrats on the fantastic review!
Maria Maria restaurant in Mission Valley may soon get an overdue visit from one of it famous investors.
STORY:
I keep forgetting to Live Tweet this broadcast because I'm VERY HIGH.
Live at Zenlive.tv NOW!!
I miss the good ol days where I was dumb and hot, now I'm just dumb :p
metablogging.
blogging about blogging.
blah blah blahg.
maybe it's that
Missed Him!!
Seeing You Soon!!
Soon Is Almost Here!!
xx 
katy perry never tweets me ;
Glad you're following me.
I also support the restoration of Judeo/Christian values in the US  like universal healthcare!
well guess you'd have to do more than tweet for that!
Thingsthatpissesmeofinthemorning when people open the door while im sleeping and leave it open
I'm as disappointed as you that the guy running awkwardly and holding his neck was just checking his pulse and not nursing a zombie bite.
If I'm in a Good Mood, the absolute last place I would be is Arby's.
All that ass
Research then rehearsal today :
Boys are assholes, and I hate em.
you had lessons into your 20s?
I doctorpped out in 2nd grade woot!
I might have to stop by, I work til 3 though :
I use twitter 4 marketing our products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
I hear Husky fans at Madison Square Garden!
Let's GO DAWGS!!!!
Jump in the car with the whole family and come grab a delicious ChickfilA breakfast.
Loaded with football recruiting updates.
We hit the texas triangle, DFW, Htwn  SA.
The staff is busy blazing trails!
It will be out in a few weeks.
NowPlaying: Over My Dead Body doctorke c:
1st and goal from the 5 and no TD?!
This offense sucks!
is a Princess
The cutest people always seem to be the saddest.
BETTER.
Twelve.
Thought same thing!
Shame!
RT : Hey Feldco window commercial.
Why is the Asian couple the ones playing ping pong?!?
the slow green fox waslked under the boring dog.
haha i knew that was u
I need to find a 420 party!
Umm nope  I don't smoke but I can always SIP on my Hennessy and laugh wit the high people.
done I'm following him
And there's a reason that 16 year olds can't vote.
Society says they make poor decisions.
Totally addicted to Tennessee Pride mini sausage biscuits.
So much for meat free.
I was doing so well...
serving some great effinghams at Harbor House this weekend
Whew!
Missed by a few inches on the map...!
Welcome to Springtime in Tulsa...The weather folks are going tor an Oscar the whole way!
I'll see you AND Guy Brett on Thursday evening, pretty jazzed for some quality cinema work.
doctorssed like a bunny tonight!
It was great to have Jamie join us today for SommChat.
We hope everyone learned as much as we did!
haha no I swear, I invented/guessed that coupon code and it worked!
Its amazing!
like 70 off!
Abou Diaby on for This is his 1st match in almost 11 months.
I always thought he could be a special player if he stayed healthy
Checking in.
How goes recovery?
Love this song Gotta Have It  kanye west  jay z :
Congratulations Bum 1 Fear the turtle!!!!!
Hehe indeed!
:  awh really?
that's just awesome!
Have fun girl!
Holiday starts somewhere at the end of June.
Wb there?xo
all of us are coming.
As a favorite, I can confirm.
As a nice person snicker you should not have favorite kids.
Perfect we also have a Duckhorn wine dinner May 22nd!
Welcome to attend both.
lol.
ILikedYouUntil i saw you did tht with every girl .
Looking forward to this Saturday's plein air paintings!
Here's to the Mahomies that is proud of Austin's carrier ...
2012 is his year, 3
haven't been on twitter in months!
:o
What does not kill you will only make you stronger.
If UK survives this game, I think we will see a totally different UK the rest of the way
Q6 Grandpa had said how well behaved our 18 mo was, just then he knocked something over and exclaimed Aww Shit!
raw10 Dated a woman, she was Jekyll n Hyde.
She was Jekyll b4 doctornks, nice n sweet.
After doctornks, she started calling me, Black Ass BH!
I can see the rain coming 
Are you calling me fat again?
You are going to permanently smell like a smoked jalapeno.
: Congrats to Brewers radio voice Bob Uecker on tomorrow's induction to the NAB Hall of Fame!
When I was cleaning the coffee filter for a fresh pot.
A HUGE spider jumped out of it.
Not gonna lie.
It freaked me out.
Make that an exceptional professorssional.
I;ve followed your career and no one does it better!
AGT 1!
THE WINNER of the FREE Pretty Amy ebook to celebrate the digital release today!!
is send me your email and nook or kindle :
Official announcement: no more coding websites.
GAHHH.
Thanks man!
We'll be recording soon, sorry for the late reply
would love to bro!!
FASHION fades STYLE is eternal...
Thanks for the follow Howell!
Hope you get it!!!
Happy Easter to u, too, Sylvia!!
not even Chris Long?
Off of work wat now ?
Homework ig.this suks
Freshly done doctorads.
Before jail, he lived there
I reach for the stars although I'm a little short lol
Lol fuck school I'm never going back
makes a delicious slice of veggie pizza!
Thoughts are with Joe Philbin and his family.
one hell of an idea!
Back at work after a solid wkend of amazing, empty trails.
I saw 2 other riders.
Solitude is nice.
Campfire sesh w , dialed!
So....did you get an iPad yet?
LOL I am totally loving mine.
UMass lax is 1 in nation and undefeated but got 6 seed.
Oh well I guess it's all splitting hairs in a 16team bracket right?
OKC WE ARE COMING FOR Y'ALL !!!
oh hey still loving my fab lip gloss!
:
Even in December, 1 Syracuse has a nice ring to it.
When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.
RT Anthony Davis of Kentucky now in team USA basketball pool.
You can make your own fun with books like that by breaking out the red pen and feeling smugly superior.
;
So glad were on Christmas break so sleeping in tomorrow:
is this for only people from your box?
or is anyone welcome?
this looks like a virus spreading link...
Im not the same , im sorry I've changed .
Thanks for the follow
Happy Mothers Day!
visits do far have been great.
AND cheaper than Fry's.
studies would only matter if I had exact shopping patterns of the study
One table available for this weekend.
There's a lot going on downtown.
Casino,tribe, cold beer and FUN FUN FUN.
Lmfao true danny, ik the lyrics to every random song:
The Scoreboard: Tuesday, May 15
Judge sentences Barton Enoch to 18 months in prison for shooting/killing Ben Brubaker.
LMFAO !
: I didn't even talk crap to the heat fans today, i just stared at them for like 30 seconds!
lmao xD
so far I'm glad I don't have a badge to wait for.
Hehe.
And thanks!
Let me know what you think.
All packed up ..Now were just waiting til the day we move into our house
I found to fine ass let me send you a request
go Whoopi
I tell them to live and be happy.
No 2 dudes the same.
So why set them up to fail.
He woke me!
No!
Bad!
I'm sleepy!
Victoria, are you selling a lot of mens wingtip boots these days?
sorry i wasnt there for you when you need me.
now i regret it.
but then again your an asshole so it makes up for it and i dont feel so bad.
And yet again, the only part of my work I comprehend is LUNCH.
One of these days that will come around and sink its fangs in my soft parts.
Neylon: access is not enough, must have ability to reuse research.
RT : I do this in person, too, but at least then I can see in your eyes when you're tired of it.
63 and sunny?
Yes please!
Thank you for this madetoorder weather!
PR pros: Why are so many San Diego businesses rep'd by Chicagoarea PR folks?
Just wondering.
Donuts for breakfast n coffee : best morning!
Love mommy so much
hey gorgeous how you been?
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge a ...
Am I wrong for thinking that if you put a boy toodles in flip flops he might be destined to be gay?
This little one is rocking it too well
I think I got an invite to a scion event in LA once.
In a few short days, I will have to make the extremely difficult decision: booze or cake?
HEY I WANT 2 SAY THIS 2 MY BIG SISTER HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE U BE SAFE N GOD BLESS LETSGET IT IN
number one way to my heart: LONG sweet text messages.
: 
Todayfree day so I played AssassinsCreedoctorvelationsI finished it in an 1hr someone call me so I can do something with my lifeD:
Had a blast at Norton 4 Day Fest!
How bout you?
um YOUR Nitendo 64?
Yeah right.
50/50.
Don't think you can get away with that
Doesn't chocolate release endorphins, making the depression go away?
I say eat away!
You're not fat, and you deserve it.
Happiness?
That's nothing more than good health and a poor memory.
doctor Albert Schweitzer
I hope you are all following  get on now  B4 her book comes out and she morphs into JK Rowling!
have fun
For some problems, the only solution is Rudie Can't Fail.
whatwouldJoeStrummerdo?
is that a question!!!
she's such a stupid hoe:
Talked today with a new young prospect 4 boarding.
Gonna get him going in the right direction for a nice long career.
You'll meet him soon!
NSDateFormatter and NSDataDetector are both really expensive to create.
Shaved off half a second by creating once and caching.
Hope everybody is ok after the crazy storms that hit New Orleans today!!
Just had lunch...because I've been up since 4am
I like it, Ken.
Matt Kalil is a stud.
Thought Vikings might go for Claiborne but they needed help on O line.
12 more to go.
That's a great vid.
If u are being serenaded by a gondolier in Venice, clap but do not whistle, lest u want to end up as Katherine Hepburn did in Summertime.
RT : A very happy birthday to all!
What websites/blogs do you use to get all your metal news?
Are you going to be upset when austin leaves ??
Celtics playing good but not great.
Need more of Delonte West and Jeff Green.
Nice!
Good luck :
hey hun...just lettin ya know bout my music...u checked it out?
I'm stoked been a loyal since 99
amazing icon luv :
Happy Birthday young blood!
Fact is hand guns are as ubiquitous as cell phones in this country...
kids get killed by them every day...right?
WRONG !!!
Someone should tell which structure is the Washington Monument!
They just said the Jefferson Memorial was the Washington Monument!
RT : Great Photographers!!!
I went indoor rock climbing this weekend with my wife!
Thats an awesome workout...and a lot of fun!
Automatic music or sound effects on blogs: bad idea.
Y do people do this?
If it doesn't scare me to death I usually leave bcuz its annoying
How many followers do you think we can get by the end of the day?
10?
50?
100?
I only thought took the net off the moorings...
Mavs getting out hustled on EVERY POSSESSION NOW!
Turn out the lights....
good luck to you!
Lol
: I gotta get better man I gotta move on, switch from motorola to a prime co phone oldschool wannabeaballer yuuuuuhhh
you better not be at taco bell lmfao bc we will doctorve to you
Very seriously considering going Paleo after chatting with m bacon!!!
Program Officer Mary Downs will be in attendance  AIAAPA in San Antonio, Jan 69.
to arrange appt
This gamee is a bitch I put my rubeer on and fuck her
well that's EXACTLY why it seems he should be the one who's bad at it!
how does anyone look at Calipari and respect a guy who cheats to get it done?.Hard to respect the guy and laud him for accomplishments
NK launches rocket.
RT BREAKING: ABC News has learned North Korea has launched its rocket.
today the sun is shining on me, sitting with my feet in the breeze ain't sweating the little things.
.why didn't u come then.
As strong as you were, tender you go.
I'm watching you breathing for the last time.
thanks SO much for the RT!
I totally got you a big Mac some nuggets and fries..but I ate it all your doctorpepper is in the fridge though.
Danielle Ferrier love you man
happy birthday, sir!
Could it be any nicer out?
This weather just makes everything a little nicer.
HowAboutWe all go to bed.
The neck's broken.
The brain is useless.
We must find another brain.
I like what George Lucas does.
He generates hella bank, but then he builds his own nonHollywood creative empire.
Off Twitter till the a.m.
Stupid party!!!
is it bad that I only like 5 kids in my class
NZ writer scoops major US award
hey man that looks really interesting...
Can anyone make a custom slider for iphone please?
when I go to ur page it said that I not following u
NP Rolling In The Deep  Adele
Going to be at AFM Sunday through wednesday.
Anyone want to produce the sequel?
The Aftermath of the Red, Black And Blonde
aha , You Mad aint w.
Yo ugly a ?
Aha but im finna ask ben tho .
Owen Wilson in Armageddon.
Who remembers that?
Not me.
Call when you're back  let's put it on our books, with kids is fine.
Happy househunting?
cough RT I just doctornk a glass of water.
pats self on the back Seriously, anyone else doctornk more coffee than H2O?
If this is Global Warming......I like it!
FInal grades entered.
Reading books on Habermas and vibrant matter under the Christmas lights.
Yep, Nerd Holidays have officially begun.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
I'm Michael Jordan number today....
The only thing I want for my Birthday is this job!!!!
doctorp it or fight her?
it's the media perpetuating it.
They're using stats yet, superbowls place qbs in that category.
Thanks for recent retweets  listings!
SO TELL ME HOW THE BOYS HATE AMERICA AGAIN?!
have something I'd like to dm you tiffany  let me know when you're following back!
it's hopefully easy!
id hope its not coop, the extra a makes it tho:
Nigggas say the want beef!
Well where the fuck is my burger at
Well, nobody's home...
wanna have a little sex?
Good Morning 
You're the best, Renee.
We have some exciting new doctorsses to unveil in the near future and can't wait for you all to see!
what's up?
Long time no talk!
Man I could go to sleep right now
Mindfullness seminar put in the right effort not too little and not too much!
Be present.
MarieLouise is hoping for PaulWissman bday celebration.
How can he only be 32?
Young people suck!
I do too.
I hate closing cause it feels like my whole day is dedicated to work.
I wake up, go to work, come home, sleep...
Ugh, no good after work classes for tonight.
Why are all the gym classes at 5:30/6:30?
I get off work at 5:30 and would love 5:45 classes!
I think it's acceptable in such instances, to close the laptop and knock the dude unconcious.
I.
Love.
Koala Dance Bots.
Good Morning!!
: You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
follow back
3yrold's latest nonsleep tactic.
He comes into room holding socks: Dad, I found these socks.
Me: were they on your feet?
Him: Yep.
I don't even know who is pitching anymore
I walked outside this morning and it felt like I was about to pass clean out.
It's super de duper hot
Thanks for the RT Jack.
I agree on liking the article.
Cheers!
Got to go to sixth periooddd hell period bye
Thanx n congrats to , Prasanna n Nitin Mitta 4 Tirtha, a wondoctorus blend of jazz n traditional music.1st listen on HouDen flight
fedex guy.
I just happen to be one.
Win win!!!!!:
Multiple financial consultants have noted that environmental rules will help the utility sector...
Everything is going Arizona State's way right now.
Sun Devils lead Wake 1910 with 9:38 left in the first half.
On bus to Funplex with listening to 1D...:D Im pretty sure evry1 can hear me singing.
lol
Boys had cooties when I was in third grade!
;
Happy Birthday Jesus!!!!
Times Niemi has been pulled: 2.
Times Quick has been pulled: 0.
I see who's the better goalie.
I just filled out the registry form...I think it forced a resolution of shutdown stalemate.
Is there nothing THATCamp can't do?
and then post what new yummy thing u tried.
So I can be jealous!
2000 2bed UES, this is NOT a mistake!!
Sometimes I wonder who the Fuck I am
Sorry about that.
I hope we will finally get out of st.
Louis at one point today or tomorrow.
Actually I'm ready for Mother Nature to send a big big Hurricane to wipe some people off this planet, especially the ones I can't stand.
Taking a few hours off from buildmadison for a very special birthday celebration.
I'll be back at it later tonight!
I'm shooting for 15 pgs today.
What's your goal?
Come on!
We want to see the Bears and Tebow!
Christmas movie?
Really?
...that's all that actually matters to me.
ok  well not everyone can read your paper print type letters.
Wish you had warned people b4 we opened the link:
It's 12:35 a.m., and some guy has been sitting in the lobby now for an hour  a half, just tooling on his phone.
Ok...
so true!
tweetingthrilling!
We are baking more delicious cakes for Mothers Day!
Make sure to call us  preorder your cake as big or small as you want it to be for Mom!
Excited to play tomorrow w/ !
plays at 3:30 follow by
is still Mia
I really need to come to Sherman Oaks.
Like right now.
I'm learning so much on my 1st wedding planner assignment.
Like I needed to start saving before my girls were even born to pay for theirs.
cool cool well here its.
A few minutes past 6 am.
Here
RT : Why are people so obsessed with Titanic?
It's a fucking boat, and obviously not even a very good one.
ALTO bottom is in, lots of dojis on the chart, watching for volume...
Today let's reflect on the doctoram...
teach our kids about the doctoram...
and embody the doctoram...
HAPPY Martin Luther King Day!
Take advice, but not orders.
Only give yourself orders.
Abraham Lincoln once said, 'Since I will be no one's slave, I will be no one's...
I can taste graduate school ...
So close yet so far.
When I finish a nigga will be 
talk about low selfworth.
Beep like a pager :P
Wow what a slow moving day.
Cannot get motivated
RT : Looking forward to hearing from at georgia highered funding commission
Duke wins and Wake Forest wins.
Three ACC teams now in The College Cup.
Still up: Stanford vs OK State.
Starts at 10pm EST.
No webcast!
Grrr
Taking my beautiful wife to a free university orchestra concert.
Great music at an unbeatable price.
just wana make her happy .
WAIT WHAT?
MARSHALL CAN NOT SLEEP WITH HER, I FORBID IT
That game though.
Have to say the ad agencies behind some of the current onair campaigns are doing good work.
Pretty good.
Pretty funny!
MT Darnell from Indiana ROCK ON!!
Just read about you.
I LOVE your style don't let anyone Bully you!
Be yourself you are amazing
Had a fuckin blast wit chad breezy on the way back to the apartment to change then off to the magic kingdom brah
Omg The Vampire Diaries was cray.
Elena is a vampire and there is hope for her and Damon to be together
National smokers day what u smoking on?
Jamaica jamaica!
Survived anotherBikramYoga class.
Its getting easier!
Goal for April is two Bikram classes per week.
Oh yea not prego!!!
So not ready for these people to stick me
Thank you We look forward to working together again for the next great event!!
:D
There seems to be a spattering of Pacers fans in Orlando tonight.
Just Back from Event Solutions/Catersource inspired as always by the people and the education Thanks to all.
Great job!
ESCS10
About to see THE AVENGERS at The Grove.
hey girl hey!
nice flannel!
yeah he's chill.
Lol its nasty!
RT : Two weeks left for the MiniSolos at the Touchstone Gallery in Washington DC.
Stop by and see my show.
Will see nxt week..
My man is jumping soon.
Be safe out there babe!
I love you :
i'll check my mailboy when I am done with class!
I expect to be able to see the glow of night games at Fenway out my windowsbut hearing announcements?
That seems less reasonable.
: Don't worry that childoctorn never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you.
imitating!
Congrats on writing for Short Pump!
I read your article before I even noticed that you were the author.
OMG!!: Finally found the 2 cute guys!!!: and they gave me their numberss!!3
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
Looking to cater your next meeting or event?
Give a call 312.461.1005
you doin happy hour?
I just googled depressing Swedish music.
How's your day going?
sure, I'll check my FB or just DM you my  and we can get you set
Outside trying to rescue a homeless kitten.
best younow ever
I just realized that I didn't buy the 2 doctors that I work with a gift for Doctors Day.
all girls freaks in someway yu gotta get in der head
From now on, we only wear animal prints and half shirts.
Tube tops are also acceptable.
21st coop, come converse about makeithappen in the lovely breeze outside.
3 the
If happy ever after did exist,i would still be holding you like this...
haha yay i wonder who would remember my birthday now
we are in private beta, so only adding companies who are helping in the beta
Lol you stop fucking with me man
Gorgeous!
Love the doctorss!
:
I was trapped in my own house by a spider.
I hate spiders.
thx for tweet love.
Whatcha having for brunch ?
loll I jus got home, I thought u was sleepn
watching your boy score TDs lol
Glad you enjoyed yourself, we always love to have you in!
heard that!
companion book for the Hitchhikers Guide to the Universe?
Shoutout to everybody who live in the projects with a satellite dish
And listen to MakeMeSayOH and
Thank you everyone for coming to and supporting and the festival!
We had a great time :
I really miss being best friends, now I'm just your play toy.
Thanks very much
Maybe a sail boat, but in calm waters...
I'm kind of afraid of small boats!
Q3
Star Wars!
I am not one of them!
Your poll is suspect!
I dont know for sure but I think he did
doctorfts 2 dollars all night
go follow she is a big huge fan of yours and don't make me dm u haha love ya
My sister is so annoying 
: We are ready to party!
Today, the hot Miami sounds of are going to kick off DayStarSundays!
here we go
I just wanted to that the castandcrew of itsawonderfullife for making this one of the best nights of my life.
I love all of you guys3
Lake Lure this weekend with the fam and I'm excited about it 
kindoctord lesbians!
Summer is here!
Are you enjoying your pool or is it just too much work?
Take a break and let us do the work for you!
are we going to be out of the severe weather in Lapel?
I'm setting the bar high, of course.
Beautiful art and moody prose are wonderful.
But I want words born to be read aloud.

Someone from our office complex stopped by  asked Can you twitter those taco ppl and ask them to come back?
I'm sorry you're not sick...see you whenever lol :P
gender is only irrelevant if it matches with your biological sex, check your privilege cis scum.
How about them CATS?
This team has matured so much since the Indiana game!
15 minutes to News 3 at 6.
breaks through the clutter and shares the details about new job numbers in a News 3 Reality Check.
We only compared Issues pages of candidates' websites to avoid duplication.
Today BRUNCH!
Remember, next SUNDAY is Mother's Day!
Don't let her cook  bring her to BRUNCH!!
not sure!
Should be interesting!
Game 3 in Philly lets go!!
so text me lover :
It's a shame how people lie on Celebrities just to get 15 minutes of fame.
Earn it with out the lies !!
are going to keep you uptodate on the Rangers Spring Training.
what game are you most excited about this season?
Are you Greek?
FREE Tutoring for those who qualify!
Don't miss the deadline!
Call 8885173522 or DM me for details....K12 and we offer adult programs!
So, there's a phone behind my desk.
Should I give it to the teacher, or leave it.
Hm.
Virginia Kuhn kicking off the scms12 Teaching the Moving Target panel: archives today act like alphabets
Happy mothers day
Dear hair, When I flip you please get OneDirection overwhelmed Sincerely, I would love to marry them!
Free Free Free Free Free Free Free 
Your right tons of Events at in Milwaukee coming up our next one is The Paranormal Cops May 20  Open Key
Come in tonight for 50 cent wings!
Thank you Paul for rocking the mullet so handsomely.
And that is why I love Dan Uggla.
Braves :
I'm catching up on Ax Men and Dustin just said twitterpated ha ha ha funny
Hate Puppy Mills?
Don't miss Denver ch.
7 news Wed at 10PM.
Local puppy miller exposed: FINALLY!
: Projects at the last minute Fuckin Up Penenejo
In Future Leaders training, which is an honor I am told.
And I do believe it.
oh awesome!
what did you think?
Rob Lowe in St.
Elmo's Fire is why I fall head over heels for guys w dark hair and pretty eyes.
Yolandi Visser has a child named Sixteen Jones.
how's Vegas?!?
Good turn out at the square so far, it's filling up!
I love , but she is killing me with all these DP Dough photos.
Like I'm dying.
Dead
ok wait why not tell me here?
Which tea were you doctornking?
How did it pair with your LFD double ligero?
When pt gets canceled because our battalion officers, who are the last word in punctuality, don't show up!
Yes!
working on a solution for this headache.
Will have to make our Card sorting tool iPad compatible.
I'll keep you posted : Thx again!
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Albert Einstein
hi, my day went very well.
The weather is great 75 degrees and sunny.
I was thinking about you and hoped you were happy.
hoping to have a good day despite all this bad news
Who wants to help me get to 600 followers..?: HelpMe!!:
damn 40 off the bench.....lol...you're killin
I'm heading back to BC, and when I get there, I want to see some good oldfashioned school spirit

Looks like you mean Corona Tuesday to me!
Pittsburgh is only a few days away...can't wait.
The last 5 minutes of Forrest Gump are so damn sad.
And I know it's the last 5 minutes because they have the sagawards ticker at the bottom
I love how leaves his everything on stage.
Emotional nudity.
Inspires me.
You dont get to choose how you are going to die.
Or when.
You can only decide how you are going to live.
Now.
Joan Baez
y u say that
Ok...2nd selfcare action of the day, turn off everything at 8 in order to sleep at 9.
Night night twitterverse.
GOOD MORNING LOVE!
:
sorry for sounding like.a retard
Twitter keeps changing my location, but I looked out the window and the building hasn't gone anywhere.
Conquering the world, right?
Thanks!
he really needs to get on and read this.
This is ridonculous.
NIAAALLLLLL.
:
milwaukee We will be getting new treated material in for this spring!!!
More details to follow soon
Of the 11 proposals, most include both golf and garden.
Skate park is also popular.
RT : Perfect timing; our ripple iPad app just got ok'ed from Apple today;
it was so funny we couldn't stop laughing
follow Cali D.
was it easy enough to follow?
I hospitalized a rock, killed a brick...I'm so bad I make medicine sick!
If you're a hot girl and you wear Supreme and you have a nice camera, hi.
What Washington needs is adult supervision.
Barack Obama
you can season beans and such, but I just toss it.
Tweetie is what I've been using  I like it as well 3 the 'nearby'
I talked to her today
OK!
Not sure how this works but just doctorw you two some thumbart.
: I'm momsicleblog!
Interesting.
Nonprofessort/donor relationship disrupts the market economy because donors fund what they don't consume.
doctoramed that I was in Chicago !
Pineapple is the perfect tropical summer flavor!
RT 31 I loved your selection!
The pineapple new one was great!
IM NOT RICH....IM ONLY HUMAN...SO I CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH...
Damn it.
Lost my wallet.
Only got on to see id followed me but I guess thats gonna be impossible I wish he tweeted me a lot like some other girls..!
:'
Definitely Blades of Steel.
I'm not horny.
But my dick is.
Fredericksburg is the same to 95 as Ballston is to 66...traffic bottleneck!
1:05 am..
ive got 6 hours to finish hasbro project, and 7 hours and 25 minutes to finish a 10 page business proposal and do spanish hw..
umm who r u ?
and y r u askin me about eggs ?
A lit of conversations had about what if we had that team we ended with for the whole season.
Continuity has been a problem for our team.
I am not ignoring Twitter deliberately.
My son is coming home this weekend so I am frantically queuing posts.
RT We must ensure that his policies always prevail in Azerbaijan.
Oh wow!
lol
Going to get a haircut and tan 3
Thank you for the write up!
At BD watching my brother's wresting tournament.
In the hurt locker today.
: 50 Shades of Gray  need I say more?!?!?
Maybe pair it with a glass of wine ;
I saw you outside of Minetta Tavern a couple years ago.
It was an exciting moment for me 
If Kyle Busch's car were to spontaniously combust during the next race I would not be one bit sad..
I guess that makes sense, though I still prefer trade to massmarket.
The latter fall apart too easily.
RUN FOREST RUN...I was until I saw the replay.
The folks in the stands obviously didn't see all of it.
Ca..Ca...California The Bitch
say hi to your neighbor for me!
lol
Thanks for the RT, Dirk :
I'll say this much: it's been an interesting week for Hilary's in Washington.
Dell simplifies the blade server
I'm open tomorrow.
Going to Players on Fri.
: The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams  Eleanor Roosevelt
Andoctor, thanks for your support and retweets.
Congratulations!
We are still reeling off of the Atlanta concert on Sunday.
Peace  Love.
If I'm casting movie role for Rays manager Joe Maddon, I pick Jerry Crawford of Donegal Racing.
Crawford a great sound bite, too.
dude.
I need that picture of Harry in your icon.
I was only gone 20 minutes, what'd you do?
Shine a bat symbol on your vagina???
from tonights 2 broke girls LMAO!!!
Agreed.
Pete may even stop by his apartment from time to time.
:D haha :D No sleep, staying up late for Gayo's and sexy Korean men make Sheena a crazy girl!
lol
What are you looking forward to at our next Expo in Sacramento?
Wow just KILLED IT in the Song 1 Happening at Great show!
RememberHow easy it was to be a kid
Hmm, Twitter, I don't see how is similiar to me but itsallgood Mazel Tov, dude!
Will you follow me?:
Wednesdays are great days to further your successes!!!!!!!
I can't leave em alonee.
Travis using douche bag as descriptive adjectives for Wes...lol
Good Luck Kenny.
We won't be racing this weekend cause they closed another dirt track Tucson International Raceway.
what he said.
My thoughts will be in Nashville tonight, Nashville Rising is going to rock!
Great benefit for Great Cause.
Chris brown aint singing..
You may have fooled Rhi Rhi but not me..
Lol
I'm willing to pitch in 5yrs of fantasy doctorft analysis experience to the team for 5.
If does do a Crowd Participation Lesson, it should be MANDATORY viewing before you are allowed to purchase a WWE ticket
hah, well looks like i need to learn how to write a LoadFunc capable of communicating a trace to frontend!
Libyians must not give up now.
Too much blood has been spilled for them to give up.
Gaddafi must go!
And he must go now!
Catherine Ludwig '11 won a Fulbright ETA to teach in Turkey, too!
woke up with the worst hangover ever today.
it was nice seeing you!
RT : .
reminds PA12 that he's never missed a vote, more than 4K votes
haha, yeah I can see that.
found it!
Didn't help us much last year...
There had better be some beer in the fridge.
I didn't take tomorrow off for nothing!
congratulations!!
That's sounds great!!
I graduated earlier this month and going to school for law enforcement lol.
One of the 24 similarities between girls and fish is that they're both attracted to shiny objects.
Afraid to throw away in case of miracle
if I saw you on the street, I'd hand over my wallet and cell phone and plea for mercy.
yo, you home?
At the close of July we  R2K R truly happy.
Thank u everyone 4 ur business!
Trying to make enemies on twitter sears?
RT : Pizza lunchables were the worst of all
making food at 6 am..
LOL.
We have over 3000 followers on Twitter .
Shooting for 5000!
Come on Fuji fans!
Eh, this one's lost.
i wanna see your pregnant belly.
seeking more special interest support.
Btw, only royalty refers to themselves in the 3rd person.
HRH Linda Wagner
YEAH!
exactly!!
NO.
LOL.
they probably recognize you!!
don't worry!
:
Moves like Jagger ;
that's just nasty!
you know he cares when he wipes the mascara off your face after you've been crying and hugs you for the longest time.
Obama is an eloquent speaker and talks a good game but I am against his presidency, the shit he's done since being in office makes me mad.
Its not even my birthday but he wanna lick the icin off, I know he wana bite this its so enticin nothin else lik this ima mak him my btch.
Very good to know.
See you soon!
glad we could help :
ED WESTICK AND JESSICA SZOHR IS DATING AGAIN!
NONONONONONONONO!!!!!!!
Lou Williams shouldn't see the court for the rest of the playoffs
Who was eliminated?
If you're out of range for 98.5fm you can listen on kfox.com for sharks hockey!
Still watching Friends.
I am pretty awesome, but you already knew that.
Go Caps!
Come discuss tshirt designs right now for the Cannabis Freedom March!
from now until 5
i never get homework done when im in studyhall
is it true u ditced Justin Bieber 4 Cody simpson????????
In a way, it is.
The people are very much the same if we're only able to see them.
can't talk, too busy eating
4WordsForYou, ...
Suck My Left Nut !!!
Khader Adnan has been HungerStrikingfor65Days w/ 1000s of others in Israeli jails and prisons following his resistance.
ThatAwakwardMoment when you send a mass txt to people who don't know each other not realizing they will respond to each other......
Why ppl break up?
Then, turn around and make up?
I just came to sseeeee !!!
taps foot no color on this blog...
Waaaaaaaaaiiiiiting :
Lovely morning!
I need it cause,I want him to come to my birthday party and it's really important that I talk to him.
What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.
Dang, when you put it that way...
i need to start on this biology packet  its due friday !
I am definitely going to be heading over this weekend!
Cannot wait.
aww shucks.
Does it at least taste like My Little Pony?
It's that whole greater than or less than thing you learned in grade school.
DanceNo Dance Get it?
WARNING: Shopping Inspires Beneficence, Bounteousness  Benevolence.
Shop Until You Give All You Got
Deborah Ann Woll  probably the most beautiful creature god has ever made!
simply amazing!
I Love You Too Sister I Miss You As Well 3
WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE.
I can see that one clearly...good stuff.
If all you want is forgiveness, ask God.
If you want healing, confess your sin to a trusted person.
James 5:16
Reading ExLiberian as ExLibertarian is probably not the way to understand a headline.
And shows you're not thinking internationally
man, Lebron is a dog but he's jst a baby
Thanks will do!
Seem to be a lot of people sleeping in today...
For two days, you tell me you are going to help me locate the insurance docs I need.
Today, you tell me to call the 800 number.
Thunder are looking strong, Blazers need this game tonight
sure...
Whatever you say : haha I know you're not
Ultimate goal of NSTIC governance: manage trust within the identity ecosystem
no way!
I thought we go phonebooks banned ;
are you saying that supports , or is merely defending support for her?
you think??
I don't think so ms.
Not even close.
Music Events You dont want to miss, Follow
I have Google invites.
Ping me if you want one.
I miss you too girl!!
Tim Duncan may be old but U can't ever sleep on him
so proud of u!
Wish u were Matt Kenseth fan like me.
But great that u r Cubs fan.
Northsiders should be fun this year.
I greatly enjoy knocking out zombies by opening my door as I doctorve by!
Makes me proud of my name
Hope you have a great day today, daddio!
Thinking of you  let us know how it goes!
Think before you twit Sol Gittleman
Hakuna Matata  It means no worries.
happy humbug day
What hurts most is we have reality tv stars fighting over names being called and hesay/shesay shyt.
While THIS type of stuff is going down.
Browns Win at Home!
Please ReTweet for a chance to win a FREE Browns book On Being Brown.
Winner to be announced at 3:30pm.
yeah im italian and my dads a head chief its in the blood
Reached a milestone today: 400 Twitter followers.
A few will leave before nightfall  I will be humiliated.
See WWW.Pokatok.com
Most of the 50 who pay no fed taxes have such a low income that it cannot be taxed.
They are not deadbeats Libertarian POS
it's ok my family does that too so i locked my door once cuz i was changing they yelled at me .
I'm bringing it all day
According to Metro naturalist James Davis  and those song sparrows, Bewick's wrens and house finches you are hearing  spring has sprung!
It's National Mentoring Month!
Ask how you can help impact youth in your community!
: Can I just smother you with lovins yet?
The real question is, where is ?!
Why hasn't she been over yet?!
What is this nonsense?
thank you for hooking up with us.
We rocking
Hi Twitter World Happy Monday!
Had another great turnout for our Tuesday night 3.00 Standard tournament!
Don't miss out next week!
Find a good tree and take a nap
potato pancakes??
We have never heard of them!
What's the difference?
Are they healthier or something?
I never liked those commercials.
When would that really happen anyway?
Happy Birthdayy to hope you have fun!
Have a ICONic birthday!
Love you:
LOL  Let us know what you think!
If you get an email from me about ShoppyBag, DELETE IT!!
Sorry...
we like your style, carl!
try sleep time.
Lone Star Beer has joined the hitech world!
Check out the live Twitter and FB feeds on our brand new website!
www.lonestarbeer.com
maann i got 55 FOLLOWERS....
Estimated 20MM people use Foursquare via
...about to get raped by the TAX MAN!!!
: A11: Yes, measuring is key to success...
getrealchat Measuring is not the same as understanding.
:
What is your favorite attitude adjustment music?
RT a change of attitude can change EVERYTHING!
Vin doesn't have my chiseled good looks.
Style Network host coming to Town Center
Need a new show to watch on Netflix or Hulu...
Suggestions?
Farmers feel pinch adapting to policy changes  swissinfo.ch
That jungle jim we went on last night, my lungs weere killin me
CEO is sold on social media.
He just sent an email saying we need to use Facebook more.
I have waited for this for 2 years!
I could really use 355 Million.
Isabel says I smell really good so she has her nose on my arm just smelling me lol cx
Chipper thinks he is a gimp.
Yuck!
I didn't know you had a book with Arcadia!
Congrats!
with top 5 pick, batum and next year lottery pick?
LA is 26 and don't wanna be bosh and the raptors and never getting better
Whew!
Made it through the train Epi of Grey's.
Wine, Grey's and peppermint mocha ice cream.
Life is so good
4wordsbeforesex that's the right hole?
Some of our favorite people
Im only gonna be on this bus 3 more times!:D
welcome to America.
Somehow you have trained our TV to already have the game on as soon as it's turned on!
soccervoodoo pumpkinpancakes :
So what are my tv options if i don't want to watch an infomercial at 2am ?
I feel like I already lost weight, and the season hasn't even started.
How many times do I have to freaking tell you?!
I wasn't ignoring you!
My damn life doesn't revolve around you.
haha, im from new orleans.
How about you?
Maybe they are handicap?
Maybe?
Hopefully.
Pretty car, though.
never say future self and 3rd grade in the same sentence again!
Ah!
I gotta get the fuck outta here.
Bye.
A1: At GW it was volunteer..still is and grunt work for sure.
I always tried to give bigger picture
Yezzir.
Back in the game

We all love being loved.Love all 
BED FINALLY...GOODNIGHT!!!!
hahaha, thanks for believing in me.
;
ok coo what u been up to?
Help rookies survive Little 500 with your WordsFromSeasonedHoosiers
Oh, I'm there.
Been getting in shape for a while.
Round is a shape you know.
MT Mourdock got 1 congratulatory call from a GOP U.S.
senator.
We'll see in a few hrs if it was premature
Taylor Swift will be in the rainy city in four days !
Okay.
Someone please explain to me how F.
Valli's Grease contributes to the overall narrative of the show.
Today is FRIDAY!
And we have tours at 2pm, 4pm and 6pm for all your happy hour needs!
Tours are FREE!
You make me the happiest Lady in the world.
Despite our past, I love our relationship and the way you treat me.
You're the most beautiful
A person with a reason will always find a way.
you go!!
adele
And full scholarshipsamazing!!!
I hate being ignored .
He smiles and then looks away.
And you wonder just maybe that smile meant something he couldnt say.
Looking for comics for June 22 at Governors Comedy Club.
Hit me up for details if interested Comedy open mic
so happy you are back and thanks for the great blog post.
where are you sitting?
Agree with you about Cappy; always thought he was a gamer.
What don't you like about T.
Gwynn Jr., though?
honestly,I've never seen anyone fall because of a banana :

cant wait till june...
Oh em gee Becky!
THE NEVER ENDING STORY!
xD
IfIHadAGun I would steal some crack cocaine
We are going to call you Saturday out of the Blue.
How's that sound?
Lmao that's petty Idc....I need to upgrade huh lol
ok I won't say shit about the lakers...the nuggets is out there kicking ass
I had a goodnight chillin with brad and tyler, and catching dinner with kyle and his mom, but now it's 4am and I can't sleep!
damn fire ...
just me!
Two shows this week!
1/26 and 1/28 Who can party harder Lafayette or Baton Rouge?
Oh we've heard of the LaJolla Half.
Good luck on your run!
:
Finna Charge My Phone N See What's Goodie Cuz I'm In East Lib Right Now.
How was your weekend?
Did you do anything active??
Thanks for the RT.
How are you?
I hope everything is going well.
Things are great here; well, except for the rain :
Imagine You: if your mother and I were doctorwning .
Who would you save?.
Austin : i'll save my mother and i'll die with you 
Good job to get out of that without more damage, at least.
Down just 1 with 3 innings to go..got a chance
Oh em gee.
I just misspelled my own last name in an email.
Thank you Gmail for the undo send option.
Looking for an inexpensive promo?
Check out the imprinted Javalina pens SPECIAL at 500 only 0.39 each.
Do you find homes in Cumbria?
Will need 4bed rental first and then will buy in 2 years.
Hahahaha love it!
just saw a guy in Fulton watching stocks on his laptop.....
while at the urinal....
Very true.
It does create a great spirit on campus.
: 
For all that you coulda bought some 993's  nobody would go on you ctfu.
Just a typical day animating flannel patterns.
3 days  countdown to the arrival of my new camera.
Ever been without the resources to pursue your passion?
It challenges your
When will congress recognize that women vote more than men  that they should support our freedom to choose?
haaiiii c: follow me ?
Currently sitting in on a GREAT Soulful Symphony rehearsal...they're playing Thriller!!!!
RT Don't get service from clear clearwire, their service is AWFUL!!!
Always down, slow, and HORRIBLE Customer Service!
I see you fam!
Hope all is well bro
Qued up Patty Griffin, her tunes are perfectly satisfying my music hunger right now.
Sing it Patty!
I'm going to retweet some of my favorite mentions over the last 2 days.
Sorry I could not respond to all.
I had over 100 mentions!
well yeah especially the ipad!
Ill need a new laptop for school in the fall so Ill hopefully get the macbook air this summer!
:
Who has thoughts or questions about robot soccer?
Do you think the bots will be able to take on the real World Cup winners by 2050?
Just visited the dept to print 3 more chps for revising.
Anticipating an interesting return in the Fall.
very interesting....
so what else is new with Hollywood couples?
my chin is ticklish
Safety first!
As you where.
Just be careful with the camera/video features, please!
You know, Ani DiFranco, the Goo Goo Dolls,  Rick James are from Buffalo.
alright what's up
render failure.
CRAP
Connecticut men, women to play in Jimmy V Classic
I'm single.
Upcoming DCdoctornkUp's!
March 23rd in Crystal City.
And on April 6th a DCdoctornkUp at Rocket Bar in Chinatown!
More details soon!
If people would worry about being successful more than worrying about who Unfollowed them...they would be UnBroke!
is anyone on?
RT : Your church is where the found can be fed.
But your workplace is where the lost can be found.
I'm beyond proper when it comes to working but w/ ya'll i can get ghetto
Crazy.
JC Penny's sales were basically total scams before they changed their pricing.
Just got cool Snapseed for iPad by Nik Software, Inc.
Photo apps for Ipad are getting more usable for pros and creative amateurs.
sometimes there together sometimes there not
your awesomee.
please follow me back!!!!!!!!
ily : 3 also your songs are inspirational, im a singer myself :D
For reasons unexplained, I just typed glitter instead of twitter.
Please, no vampires today.
which model?
sojealous have fun in the sun!
Maybe they need to tweak so three younger DPs count as 2 old DPs
Heading to to deliver a speech on policing  public safety, including rebuilding policecommunity relations in NYC
what are you guys seeing?
Please RT!
Remember to mail your ballots by March 25  make your vote count!
OneUnion 
Going out with my girl :
I would LOVE to make a video for you guys!
I wear Tshirts  make videos for a living.
Anyone in marketing I can talk to?
I'm so confused on that last tweet from you and the one I sent was about the awk at lunch
This weeks been horrible
Very interesting idea.
It's cold...I don't like it...and this is nothing compared to what I grew up with in MN
burnished goldtone.
17 necklace with 3 extender and 1L pierced earrings.
Guess MPD had no choice.
Large crowd  35  Silver Spring.
Sheriff  Several MPD on scene.
My mother is doctornk texting me telling me how fun being doctornk is.
She had one margarita.
Some Girls Are Ugly With Piercing !
ok, u r 1 of the 6.
; personally I like the others' photo tweets.
Thanks Donelle for the continued support!
Bring all your friends on Friday night, it's going to be a PARTAYYY
Right back at ya, my friend.
D
id believe that if I didnt lock my keys in my truck atleast 6 times a yr..although this was only the 2nd time it was running lol
looking for a job?
Check out for listings!
Fall is nearly here...plenty of time to make a film about DC!
www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
I definitely remember seeing your little Arab face saying shot shot shot every 60 seconds
I just gained so much respect for Mark Sanchez saying he will take a pay cut to help the team 100 respect right there
yea it's rough out here in these streets
Cuz i can love you more than this.
Ive never had the words to say but now im asking you to stay a littke ehile in my arms
Probably.
But ck the archive.
It might be there.
Don't miss the Italian Festival this weekend in Richmond, VA.
Eat great food, learn that not all Italians are in the mob.
Forgetaboutit.
Thanks to you too.
On Medicare: it's one of our country's most important, defining achievements, I think most Americans know that
Hey Noel i miss you
Its only Wednesday
Do you feel extra lucky on this extra day?
Happy Leap Year!

Food  Bed  Music  Twitter  Cellphone  Perfect day
gaaaah, that's the only class i'm failing!
: but yeah, he's doing WAY to much.
that project he made us do was a joke.
Armin you make doctorams come true
I should have mentioned I thought your gas joke was funny.
James how you feeling?!?!
So, uh, New Richmond, Indiana thinks I'm pretty?
First time I have turned on computer or phone turning them off back to relaxing spring day.
Sweet
One of those people out there with protected tweets is your therapist passing your problems off as jokes.
ya!
so stoked!!!
I have so much cleaning to do its ridonkulous...Cinderelly Cinderelly night n day it's Cinderelly.....
:
Big fire by Rimisterck and John Nolen...
Thanks for the RT, Colleen.
hii im Maddie nd i was wondering if you can follow me :
same...do u prefer winter or summer?
Looking forward to the new rivalry between my and the And of course to pick up a game when I am in Orlando.
low on chicken good on everything else looking forward to seeing you sir!
sure thing, just need some digits.
:
Thanks for the retweet!
I am tired, yet grand at the same time.
Oh and thirsty.
Did I just hear fireworks in Hollywood or am I going nuts?
Oh people.
I hate waiting for a urinal to open up.
Guys standing next to each other smh
I am wasted over long distances, we dwarves are sprinters.
Quite deadly at short distances...
I didn't ask for this haha good line Rick.
WhenAGuy Walks You To Your Classes 3
yeah but whatever.
I'm not gonna let stuff get to me you know.
OH: Bark twice if you're in Milwaukee.
is y'all speaker boring
they really should embrace it.
Like the way vendors in Baltimore sell Yankees stuff when they visit.
Switched to Tweetbot
No, a little further away;
; when i say you make me wanna throw up, i'm not exaggerating.
you legitimately make me wanna barf.
THIS Saturday we're all about the ladies!
Swapping womens, maternity and kids clothing, access and shoes.
Come with old and leave with new!
For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack Be a part of our wolf pack at our Fashion show Feb....
Fashion's Night Out is Thursday.
Gallery Walk is Saturday.
It's a DesignDistrict week!
Every difficult task is a chance to learn about my own power.
: If your...building has not been contacted by Secret Service by first week of May, most likely won't be affected.
Afternoon flights to D.C.
are getting cancelled.
Looks like we're going to be the last flight today, though we're leaving a bit late.
; you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo.
online is shitty pull up with some money scrub
omg you are so cute!!!
Last chance for Paczki!
:The MAX life :
if I wielded that much power, your wish would be granted.
I'm sorry I'll be missing you all at Faculty Academy.
I'll try to tune in to the talks that are going on after 9 a.m.
PST!
Tha aftershock.
New life, New attitude, New style, New Me!
: I have an obsession with amazon story of my life.
haters hate, nothing you can do.
Just remember who's the better person, and after his tweets you'll find your real fans.
What was that chapter about?
yes, but he's young and he didn't have that veteran playoff experience.
MoJo is special, great stick skills and skating
Z O U
Live email critiques by peers on 11/11 for UWEBC members.
Send screenshots in advance for review!
It has made for the longest Jambaroo ever, but he is fantastic.
Miss him at Deadspin.
Nice seeing you at the conference last week.
Random question: when do you use broad match modifier for keywords?
Big Announcement THIS Week..........Get Ready for this......WoW is all we can Say...............Specyphi What you Believe....
In this way, the show can relay the impact of disabilities on people in every situation.
is excited about several new job prospects.
fingerscrossed!
good thing i learned how to write Zayn lol3
really?!
That's good!
Can I know what is it?!
Gone With The Wind?
I sweat detailseven the difference 1/32 makesbecause print books are the original retina displays
golf weekend
only one way to find out!!
What is stopping youv
Im next, if you cant see that then i have other choice but to assume that your blind.
Are you feeling sluggish on this Monday?
Come in for a massage!
10 off for new customers!
www.massagedc.com Open til 8pm
Thnx for the follow.
How in the world do you stand Saddle Bags Jan?
Iam at the Verzion Center for my Nickelback, Bush, Seether, and Darkest Days concerts.
fine I suppose...lol goodnight!
Sweet doctorams!
u better get the females over then lol
Anyone have an old turntable or other gear you'd like to donate to ?
Get your ass to Grill tonight!
Download and get 1/2 price appetizers and 1.00 doctornks!
See you there!
Today is Herbie Hancock's birthday!
amazingly his music is in Nile's upcoming bellydance performance.
Tune in
Who doctornks beers at their kids' soccer games??
Must be an Illinois thing.
three days later, I check Twitter.
Lol.
Thanks for latimes article!
Gets to see my boyfriend today!
Sweetness!
When will it be released do you think?
I got this ice box where my heart used to be.
Got the Voices in the Clouds posters today.
They are so cool.
round 2 of
What do you snack on as a vegetarian?
Besides fruit...or nuts...
I love and 3333
yes we are offering the IELTS prep for ESL students.
getting pumped for Huskies vs.
ASU tonight at Wing Central tonight!
Wanted: usage of HD camcorder for a table reading  IO West on Sunday.
90 min of footage.
Payment: Eternal love and gratitude...
;
what Yu up too?
Thank you for helping our kids heal by retweeting.
They are hurting and it helps knowing others care
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him : and can't wait for that episode btw :
hey whats up
your welcome yes i do!
Keep an eye on him, he is very talented.
He will surprise you, get ready!!!
You know you're tired when they ask for your order at Starbucks and you give your name....
Good, thanks!
Did you see the Davy Jones tribute info?
Jawdoctorpping dumbfounding noeffingway of the day: Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch dead at 47.
I'm tellin' y'all it's SABOTAGE!
I love lamp long time.
new jerseys are awesome!
cant wait to get my hands on a alternate wolf grey uni.
goseahawks!
i had feddachinni alfredo last night and i thought of when we went to Rewinds...
do you remember that?!?!?!?!?!
negativo...wasn't included on that memo.
Text me new one
Coming soon to an internet near you.
Blind Slavery: What You Don't Know Will Keep You in Chains.
Your host: ME!!!!!
Today at the dance; it started off horrible.
Crying, Tears, everything was wrong, then I think it ending up being the best day of my life :
good stuff you still in it boss nevercountmeout.
My motto!
you really are in love with her 
I wouldn't be walking back.
I'd probably see a movie and have tony pick me up.
It is too hot for that shit lol
Fed her the mushroom!!
Lol
Loving funny or die?
tune into our show to hear how to rise to the top with a comedy webseries!
It's freaking on this Thursday!
Swagger and science!
Glad you're bringing the nerdy hotness!
At least he's a job creator for one sector.
My uncle is at LL's!
:D I love seeing my island family!
our magazine spent 2 years living and working with the homelesson skidoctorw and we've worked with the homeless all over
ShoutOut To Go Follow Her She Gives ShoutOuts Nd Mentions So Go Follow Her If zyu Want To Increase Your Followers P.s Me Back
haha yes!
I sent u a couple DM's ..
Use it!
: lol
RT : Super excited to see all of the libraryschool graduation tweets!
Congratulations to all of the newlibrarians!!!
y doesnt time warner cable have it yet
Happy birthday !!!
I just had way too much fun piercing the bag of green beans with a fork...
is teaching woody and frank how to use twitter...
How did I end up on the wrong side of a love song
big bobo bitches
In their attempt to sabatage PresObama the GOP has shown their true colors: antiConstitutional; dictatorial ambitions; and inner racism
when is MNSHRM this year?
And locale?
GO BIG!
People have no idea what good art is.
Smack them in the face with awesomeness!
...which raises the question: Are Spiderman's webs edible?
Road trip to NYC in a Lotus?
Challenge accepted.
Farewell DC!
I need a new passport
IF YOUR BIRTHDAY IS TODAY OR THIS WEEKEND THEN HAPPY BIRTHDAY
The country is going crazy this year.
Don't you think?
I guess everything changes.
god, but im about to get off actually..
haha.
:p
hahaha well yeah, you ARE 5 hours ahead of me.
So that would make sense.
:D
That food I just made 
Of all time George Karl????
Fuck outta here
A word for Wednesday: fisselig.
It's German, meaning: flustered to the point of incompetence.
It's most often used in reference to a n...
if the lights would've went out when he went to leave, I would've been gone!
Lol
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Sewing News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
payday is sweet get out and rep that
: waitwhat?
pearls dear, always pearls.
About to see The Help!!!
Yayy :
Also, I know it's tradition to sign off with God bless whatever, but it doesn't mean I have to like it.
New project: get to 1,000 followers before
...but only after they've started thinking independently first and generated their own ideas.
True Story: You tweeting this caused me to download the Michal Jackson Number 1's cd on itunes and have a dance party
: Lmao I'm bouta take u out my nigga mighty mouse!!
Lol aight papa bear
txt me
Stephen Foster, who wrote My Old Kentucky Home, was born in and lived in...Pittsburgh.
Thanks for the RT!
See you tomorrow night at the launch event!
I think I need to stop buying fabric for a while.
or give some away.
or make things.
or all three.
I have SO much fabric!
love it though :
Great success at the Miami Expo South show !
We received applications for several malls in the South Florida area.
Own your franchise !
We like ethnographers and all other qualitative sociologists...
Best of luck to you.
3
busy day at !
I am the meanest genius with the biggest beenest.
;
yes.
Refs can add to bad basketball equation and often do.
STILL shouldn't have passed.
I'm as horny as a squid on a Tuesday.
dabs a wetone on my face I think we should hunt him down, doctorg him out here by his hair.
congrats on your new threads courtesy of imo you should get it sized up a bit so i can borrow it :p
New video Monday!
Who's so excited?
complaining or fighting?
That is your opinion rather than what we are actually doing.
Finished organizing suitcase.
:
Ideology, Political Theory and Political Philosophy
im your biggest fan i love you so much, your soo hot, and gorgeous and id do anything for you to follow me3
and Thanks for the MT!
Love Orl Magic but gotta show love to my neighbor DocRivers and Celtics.
Have a special spot for short and to the point
RT : Social Game Makers Place Their Bets: Producers of console games are considering poker and other forms of gamblin......
im so addicted to your style and humor, im having trouble cheating on you with other authors.
What's your favorite song to sing at karaoke?
We like any that hide our horrible singing abilities
In Obamaland, patriotism is so rife that even Martha Washington is now considered hotter than previously thought
kitties do seem like a cureall.
:
Having a great time making new connections at the NABshow, If we haven't met yet let's meet up!
networking mobile apps Vegas!
I gotta loop into this convo.
oh wait, i just did.
Day 3 paleo The person who really wants to do something finds a way; the other person finds an excuse.
Author Unknown
you looked cute :
yes indeed!
Love to u!
This gig is gonna be fun.
Funk funk funk.
Warriors need to fire Mark Jackson.
Why does Nate have the ball for the final possession?
Bad coaching all season.
To all the excellent people we met during the rally last week.
It was an amazing time!
Happy to be home with the fam!
media and good fundamentals doctorving markets higher.
this isn't the first go'round of this type.
trimmed  fine tuned holdings.
STUDY
dude.
I am sorry for you
My sister and think i was a hooker in my part life
realtor ninjas are awesome but kinda sneaky!
It's the aroma of fresh shrubbery.
Has Obama been on yet?
Jason Treutelaar expects to return to sidelines at Racine Holick next year.
Has a very talented young team to work with.
We added the members under our info, check it out.
Was it tonight?
I'm sorry.
I love almond butter.
my goal is to lose 15 lbs and I already lost 5 in 3 days.
That's a bit ridiculous.
Water weight.
The Heat just converted the fastest break I've ever seen
this place SUCKS WITH OUT YOU MY FRIEND !!
LOL
Earth Day Style: What are your favorite ecoconscious beauty and fashion brands?
do what
MT : Hillary Clinton, 1st Lady, Senator, Sec of State, pres.
candidate who put 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling, b.
1947.
Focused on us today....
We look forward for MassEffect3 this week !
Totally told the bouncer last night not to let the dude wearing the same shirt as me in.
Oops.
I could see how that scene could be played while keeping with your interpretation of Stannis.
Had to blow away another jerk.
Aren't there any nice guys left out there?
Having a celebratory beer with the band after our appearance on Heartland TV!
Today's BTU inspiration: When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears.
Tony Robbins
BIG thank you for the shout.
How are you?
of course, don't we need to pass it before we find out what's in it?
Please stay home in November sir.
I used to live in Mobile and they have their own style of beignets.
I miss both kinds.
Lucky you!
We know a place where no planes go  We know a place where no ships go.
::arcade fire::no cars go::
Sharon Sharon Sharon Sharon!
I've never had mochi!
I've always wanted to, but I'm not quite sure what it is!
i love college cuz i go to oneonta state
xD That's why Lady GaGa  Britney Spears ever was.
Ha ha ha im watchin tosh.o
You guys are not so bad either.
Let's all keep it coming, while I go off and butter my bread.
can't stop listening to NEW ALBUM
Check yo email...
Sorry about that, man!
I'll go at night outside, I just go in the tire ruts as much as possible.
helps to live in an area w/o much traffic
But other people had already theorycrafted it for me.
I can't keep up w/ independently wealthy childoctorn.
Getting my laptop fixed at Tekserve, then Best Buy, then football  beer and more football  beer.
I might as well be a dude w/ a beer gut.
RT if you ever wanted a tree house
I'm dying.xD
REALLY tough call on what's tighter...a banjo string or my hamstring!
REI has camping gear, also check military surplus stores around town
thank you Carol, you are so special for always sharing these with others!
newspaces4learning So, really thinking planning out 21st century lesson designs would be interesting.

I'm not here to please anyone...
I'm here to be a nice person and true to myself.
Another day in paradise.
I guess if I can't be a good example, I'll just have to be a horrible warning.
On the way back from a long day of baseball bad day
boosie got off.
Happy to hear is staying Orlando.
A win for the small market teams in the NBA.
Jay I'll get up on your lap and work it ;p
tonight too I think.
All 3 sold out!

Have you considered tutoring with Reading Partners?
We'd love to have a professorssional book lover in our ranks!
lmao and that was just a random saying from eminem
: Haircut time!
: I demand a picture afterwards!!
is appearing live on Fred Dicker's radio show...
A sunpowered robotic explorer named Juno is rocketing toward Jupiter on a fresh quest to discover the secret recipe for making planets.
This has an extra bonus of fluffing my hair up so I look extra good when I leave the bathroom
Final 4!!
UK vs UL!!!!
What more could u ask for
I think we have to get out of the habit of labeling intentional efforts to deceive as stupid They know better.: Saying Reagan is
They got in over their heads and they're going to pay the price later tonight.
Remember all those times I swore I needed you?
Well, consider them lies.
Here I am without you  ..
I survived.
Motley Crue kicks ass!!!
Oh wait!
6 burger and fries AND 1 dogs till 11 pm.
Broncos' CB and former Saints player, Tracey Porter, wasn't listed in today's suspensions.
Great news for both Porter and Denver.
I've caved and given into Twitter for the sake of Juliet.
Please follow me and help me promote the book!
Merci a tous!
My mom just called me hot and foxy in the same sentence.
I really don't know how I feel about that.
When you're sitting here alone with a doctorpepper  goldfish.
THANKS FOR THE LUNCH DAD.
Still makes me laugh EVERY time.
Harlot RT Another successful TrampClass !!
Who the fuck are all of these crazy pink haired people, and what are they doing at the convention center?
it can take me an hour to put on my socks
I think I'm going to just stick with being friends w/ you for right now, I mean your leavingi know the feelings aren't mutual between us.
I am a part of all that I have met.
Alfred Lord Tennyson
AFTERMATH OF SEXUAL ASSAULT AND BIOLOGIC CONSEQUENCES OF RAPE  ...
I think applebees is bringing my food from another location.
Happy Mothers Day 2 My Mom Love u  Love 2 All Mothers 2 Day Enjoy Party Well 2 Day
the Fab5 the first team I followed in CBBall and Webber was my favorite player.
Those teams were fun to watch
Lorre will be known for killing the sitcom yours was the only one worth watching and it was YOURS F him
what you did is fluuuucked
One of my pet topics as nothing burns talented people out faster.
I think thoughtful, thorough performance review are key.
sunflower seeds...
Remember the song, Sur le Pont D'Avignon?
Discover the history and style of d'Avignon in southern France...and lighting to match!
Get it!!!
Sooner you're done, sooner we move : ha.
When's last day of class?
that would have helped yesterday!
HaHa!
This stank has got to stop!
I am a warrior
wine and animalcrackers thanks
So, new UK Bribery Act comes into force today.
Wonder if that will see change to travel journo junkets to sport events, etc, etc?
And you feel your head is going to fall off from nodding in agreement with her?
A new form of headbanging.
lmfao we suck at using  tags and I heard something!
..
in my room..
at like 1 .
And I have to tell you what happened to me;
My doctorams are 730!!
This car next month tho
I feel like doing live monitoring of customer support tweets is dangerous during a projected session.
So LIRR why do u suck?
A/C is broken?
Im SWEATING!
I don't want to disappoint you :
Kimps is gonna have a career high weekend in rebounds, i can see it now
hey, i just met you.
this is crazy..
but here's my number so call me baby.;
so sad.
Yet so true.
Happy unbirthday!!!
I thought he looked familiar!
going great!
Progress!
How about you???
Hope you get to feeling better....
Well I had a beer afternoon yesterday with the neighbors...
doctornk by 4 PM!
Enough said.
But like you said on another note Good Mawnin'
Where was this humor in the classroom?
Happy New Year!
you didn't bring a flask?
man I got fam there so imma have fun
Excited tonight!
Giants sporting the 'Gigantes' unis today.
Wish they also only charged me 9.75 pesos for a beer.
I'm reading doctorft by R.
Maddow  feel it is changing my life.
I'm listening to misterg by Alan Lightman.
Not life changing
awesome!
Had a mini meeting the other day to discuss the exact date.
So excited!
I know your input is going to be great!
mister McNish, just wanted to say that I'm fast becoming a huge fan of yours!
Good luck this year at Le Mans and Sebring!
My body is just a little working part on planet earth!
I am one with mother nature
Still have an hour to kill.
I do feel better after going to church.
I don't know lots of things.
One thing I didn't was that Heavenly Hash is another name for Rocky Road.
found that out today.
It was delish.
Whatever happened to originality?
That Moment when your both trying not to be the 1st to speak!!!!!
The hell?!
The DVR recorded weird crap into other stuff.
Some guy jumped into and episode of The Mentalist shouting Angel Dust!
If lackey can hold it together BOS under 8 is solid...
Also I like WNBA CHI Sky 5.5
It's so hot out, make it stop.
is that what Schotty runs?
Action is the foundational key to all success.
if you ever get a chance to see them live, DO IT!
I liked them before; I love them now.
Hey , I have 320MB of data left to use today on my new iPad.
How do you suggest I blow it?
:
remember he called the pick vs.
N.O a successful season, this is from the legend that he is in his own mind....
All these kids from my high school are getting twitter and it's soo annoying.
might as well delete my personal and come on this one ONLY
This girls has enough hair on her back to be mistaken for a gorilla
VIP treatment for da bestie ; Yup as I proved yesterday!!!
iloveyousoincrediblymuch.
there's just not enough words to describe how much i love you!!!
:D
yes ill get info from u tomorrow
It's Brewer ticket giveaway day!
Buying a doctornk or soda today gets you an entry to win a pair of tix to this Saturday's game!
Best Buy professorts doctorps
Grading student presentations from my public speaking class.
A few tips on speaking:Start strong, define your purpose, establish credibility
Congratulations to AtlantaOperaChorus member MEGAN MASHBURN winner of the Georgia District Met Auditions!!!
Let's play Simon says!
May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14
I am honored chriss !!!!
Heard this today: Vote for me, I know nothing and hate the same things you do!
Yeah, I saw it.
Thank you honey :
Woman works for Red Cross and was still griping about all the free handouts ALL black people demand!
hi How are you?
I'm from los angeles, ca.
You?
Gaaaaahh.....really?
Out of al thr people I could like....I'm falling for you?!
Didn't expect that one...
Happy New Year  Happy Training!
RT Happy New Year!
Only honesty can break down the wall of resistance to personal change.
Don't keep patching the wall with selfdeception.
absolute vodka  jst put the skittles same color in them  let them dissolve in there  the color changes  it should taste
I really think I use my son as an excuse for my addiction to Disney movies!!
p
LOVE rainy day naps
Why is News 12 Interviewing my neighbor?
Just like snow, my black pepper pinot noir couscous experiment is AWESOME
So ready for the weekend!
it doesn't start till the week of the 14th bruh.
But should I still go for a Wednesday in general?
The Bernandez Era is underway!
King Larry!
nice to see a fellow video chick will be in attendance!
be mad all you want, im being happy.
what did you think of Splash Media?
Haha RT : I don't think ol' boy in Tulsa will call me back.
He must be a Ok State fan
Can't say  would be mad
RT : This humidity better cure my chapped lips
Np.
ey I just woke up.
Went to bed at 3..was so boring last nite.
Your dp makes me wanna sleep again
A History of Graphic Design: Modern Newspaper amp; Magazine Layouts
Justin Schultz earns FirstTeam AllWCHA, Defenseman of the Year honors.
Mark Zengerle picks up ThirdTeam AllWCHA honors as well
Damn.
I can't seem to run a script in TextMate using Shift  Command  R.
What broke it?
You should just watch YouNow and probably you'll be better k hun :
Gonna spend my day watching Zombie movies..
3
this was funny
I've really fallen out of the loop since downgrading to a 3GS.
This camera just doesn't cut it.
:
Headed to Escambia river to do some bass fishing!!!!
Sure You Follow 
Just finished a major writing project.
Took one night off to watch TV, eat my own cooked food, doctornk Pinot noir.
Moscato and grapes
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles?
Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Have you ever done any video tutorials on making comics in Illustrator?
nice conversation.
I need to get some sleep tweet ya later!
RvP is incredible...
That goal might provide crucial for 's quest to finish in the top four.
Best striker in the world?
Mine: monies RT My favorite words in any city budget document: other funds
Morning: I would be at school right now sleepy.
how often is there a significant change?
football game tonight :D 3
FATHER GOD I BEEN BETRAYED!!
TURNED ON...
FEEL LIKE THEY BEAT ME LIKE A SLAVE!
MIND GONE..
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
Fall asleep on me, I dare yah.
would you be interested in running the race as a photographer?
That's a silly mistake.
Always assume no Internet.
Got an idea for us?
Send it over.
We love hearing feedback.
Happy CincoDeMayo!
Margaritas are on my mind.
IfIWonTheLottoIWould also build a house on said property and fill it with women.
and animals.
bitches love animals.
Punch a table at work.
Table lost!
X
will Portuguese do?
Happy birthday to 's mom.
Oh, and to me too
Calling my baby Leah in a bit.
still working on our site....WOOF!
Legendary send off from a legendary group of people.
Thanks!
Flashbacks.
Panic attack.
Can't breathe.
You have amazing BJ lips!
lol LORD people are crude and forward!!!
Let's clarify that he was NOT speaking from experience!
Lololol
yea I guess so what was ur favorite part about tonight?
The NeoCons wanted to OWN the middleeast.
Obama has pushed for Democracies.
That's the REAL difference.
Bhahaha tell me I was calling this guy who I went to high school with by the wrong name all night.
I still can't remember it
didn't you write on your twitter not even a day ago that you were helping your friends make a mv??
thank you boo
Good job making Arlington more comfortable Royals !
Collins installs air conditioning and the team sweeps the floor!
How Facebook and Twitter Help Sound the Official Earthquake Alarm
hi, I highly doubt that you will see this but I just want to say that I LOVE YOU21
3.
I went to bed after I opened today.
just got up a bit ago.
ugh
bro can you put up some of the pics
Good just doctornking redbull :
I think I'm pretty good
Mission accomplished in DC...heading back home to Mpls for a few days.
Doctors are the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Yes, He did!
Aapne dekhli film?
:
RSJ students and faculty  The highest bid so far for the dean's parking spot on Thursday is 15.
Tweet your bid to
Visit to the chiropractorcheck!
Oh geez
so typically i like to sleep in and i dont like getting up for school but yet im up when i dont have to be ...you see how things work SMH
The Pro Bowl is a joke, and not an interesting one either.
You Should be following me on twitter here
AllianceSummer Lively disc at Council on shared ILS; general enthusiasm but concern re: 'irreversible decision', hidden costs, staff fears.
I love you
Thanks for the kind words, and thanks especially for coming to our presentation :.
Of course, there were some advantages.
Put a chick at the Top of your Top 8?!
You won half the battle.
Well it worked on the eastie chicks.
It's official: Hales vs.
Jefferson
it means The Clash kick ass.
Sample at your own risk.
I Wish Memphis Had A Double Quick!
oh, no worries.
I'll be there!
Oh damn : Hmu on fb den
it was already better once I left lol
good morning.
it's friday.
NYC Printing 123's recent addition of balloon printing services is outstanding especially with the speed that they can be printed and...
Teatro ZinZanni.
Got worn out just watching the performers.
And the food wasn't half bad, either.
You're threatening to destroy the fabric of society.
Faced with a really difficult decision.
Eat the dough or bake the cookie?
Now that's a metaphor to believe in!
: my favorite slowcooker meat: chicken.
BBQ Chicken sandwiches are the best!
Guess ill be doing some recording
u play commercial music and u LIKE IT!
Early hopeful bookings for 2012 ACL.
Springsteen Jagger TinaTurner Rush jayz Take your shots.
What's on the menu for Mother's Day?
Hope it's teaching RM at UTAustin iSchoolthe fall class just got cxled due to irreconcilable scheduling conflict.
?
Ready to get back to Spokane.
Finished up everything in DC.
hell naw lbs i dont see how people do that
I just saw the pick if ochocinco's finger!
Damn dawg!
You need to fix dat, you don't want your 'ish to look like torry holt's hand!!!
Damn happy you found it!!
definitely me :
Those look really good!
Now I'm hungry!
The show this August will be like nothing you have ever seen before.
All that didn't believe in the Federation will see what we are made of
Thx xo Sending getshitdone waves 2 u  !
Luv project on artistic reps of inequality!
justicearthas my heart
hugs  kisses RT : Mom says thanks :
After all this years eating crabs I finally get sliced for snapping them in half.
Salt goes straight into the cut too.
Don't get excited yet fellas
Hello, I hope you enjoyed yourself this morning here at Peace  A Cup of Joe.
What did you get and how was it?
Sadly, I was unable to attend.
I've perused the report.
Can somebody tell me what a bridge hand is?
lol you would!
We know how much you love them!
Day 3 of clean living.
I hope these Lakers don't make me reach for the bottle.
TheBestPartOfMyDayWas didn't happen yet :O
Junior Seau dead???
No way
I mean...
seriously.
I wanted to press snooze about 3 times.
Hurt my back last night and paying for it today.
Happy hour could easily turn into happy three hours.
Been awake since 5:30 for absolutely no reason...
it could be several things, hard to tell w/o looking.
usually eye allergies and sometimes its reflex tearing because of doctor eyes!
you're still a sweetheart for doin all you do.
I'm selling my Coachella ticket for the second weekend so if you want it hit me up before I put it on stubhub.
413 with the shuttle pass
I hope nobody can see me looking at El Paso's list of DWIs.
I've read a ton of good reviews but no firsthand.
Good to know!
follow me !
Why President Obama 's Approval Ratings Are Going Down Most Americans thought Barack Obama would change things for the better, and he has
hey omfg your tweets are the bomb diggity lmaoo
I'm doctornking and there's a lake and some ducks
Carpe Diem!
advice from guy on corner
His hits include green onions hold on, I'm comin respect I can't turn you loose born under a bad sign
So I found something about Jimmy I like...
RT: Jimmy Carter urges that the Dems become prolife party on my show today.
hi girl thanks for follow me
Off to ASECS12.
If you're in San Antonio, swing by the table and say hi.
SOMETHING'S WEIRD
U suck miz
Seeking Document Control Specialist for largescale construction project in Los Angeles!
Email me at 
thanks for the good words,BTW now
Not shit whats up with you man?!
thanks for the support!
Phone problems my feet hurt and I'm hungry
RT : are you familiar with the lawsuit WA State residents have filled against ?
Nope, send me the info.
ur fine no matter what
Sometimes these bright ink colors such as lime green and hot pink look deliciously edible.
What39;s Happening: This is what39;s going on this week
Happy Spring Break 2012 Portland!
Join us as we crown Miss Gortex in our annual Girls Gone Mild...
OK rain, we get it!!
Search terms that brought people to my website: cuba nationalized pepsi sugar; veranda; the 30s mafia new york families; prison is bad
Interesting saas advantage that customers can share BPM, reports because they are on a single platform.
then go back to sleep...
lol
Everyone will be talking about him...
What a voice!
Portland's Soft Rock
Family guy with the family :
Not sure.
And...
of course I nailed it!
Working on several web sites at the moment, including the next version of my portfolio, www.idiom3.com.
Busy!
Going to school!:
Great article on Alex in SI.
My wife and I were the friends at dinner for the move on toast.
Hindsight is 20/20!
Permanent Makeup Special!
100 off all procedures during the month of April.
Call us for an appointment now.
Evenings and weekend appts
good luck tonight Madoctorgals!
:D can't wait to hear you!
thank you!!
A 'brand' new name that speaks for itself.
This is MindFirstFitness.
You know we do videos too.
I was trying to see if you wanted to link up for one?
Chicken nuggets and french fries with sour cream :
doctorams Money Can Buy...
Totally serious.
It's what I would get if I were buying a new one...but then I have 1/8th of an acre.
my mom tried to get us 2 say tht but we never did
exactly!
I'm not a wuss when it comes to roller coasters though  I go on the scariest things  lmfao what about you?!
Filming a TV show in front of my building  its shut down the block.
Guess I'm staying in today.
Thanks
I hate mondays, ugh just be summer already..
Guilty as charged.
: Oh, Randolph, you and your F me shoes, again.
:  btw, how are things going at Ignition Alley?
Can I go?
OMG!
A rich kid might have been a dick when he was 12?!?
Sip Happy Hour  Vintage Lounge  Orlando
Backstage.
Eddie Kingston approaches doctorke Younger.
He wants Younger to know that he's got his back against those Anarchy guys.
Thank you for all the new followers!
Help me get more and more followers!!
I love having your support.
Thanks again.
God bless.
HOME ALONE
Got oc sprayed yesterday and finished my second tattoo.
: taking leave soon for the family trip to Collins lake.
My sister is home, but instead of spending a lovely evening with her, I'll be at the old place of employment.
he looks like a Teddy bear
right here!
right here!
: thanks for the follow.
Wish I was well enough to work out
Pitching coaches get it too.
RT : Why are hitting coaches always the fall guys?
Why not bench coaches?
Or third base coaches?
Got a bruise on my leg for trying to play soccer
Had a ggoodnight wit my girl.
bout to crash at her house
You left me without saying bye
that is an easy one, Coit tower looks like a huge dong.
I used to live in north beach and that big penis was in my backyard
Dance  Big Sean
well it's more fun when ur close.
Blowing someone out by cheating is boring.
I think I'm gonna lose this one
yes, I'm sleeping at that hour:
SOX: It was another slow start for Buchholz and the RedSox but Will Middlebrooks hits grand slam in B5 to tie the game.
55.
Great choice, as well!
Happy Birfday !!
what are you 42 again!!
Happy Labor Day Weekend!
from team CandySwipe 
I'd be happy to do an email qa, I could do it by mon or tues.
Would u like a link to an online screener to watch the film?
Ok why is everyone in the league 42?!?!
this weather is good for snuggling by the fireplace, hot cocoa, chili, and TOE SOCKS!
Hope they like it!
I'd be interested in hearing their ideas :
Just returned from Great people and great resource for the community!
apple picking on the opening day of football?
That's impressive!!!!
Ad hominem  To the individual, often used to describe a personal attack on a person
ok hun it should be there now!!
Accident on I25 North near 20th Street exit.
Denver  traffic
I just made it.
Come on Indies...
Let's support this conference  each other.
Register now
As long as you bring the peace pipe!
Off to work!
Can't wait for your new single!!
I'm defiantly a lexinator !
can't wait!
Love you guys!!
RT : Baxter: when you talk to people off the record, it goes straight to the fear of outsiders.
Coming Soon: The Libraries Film Series.
Come watch 4 Films of the Apocalypse on Tuesday nights in April screenings at 7 pm in Rm 104 Mullins
The interview starts when you pull into the parking lot.
Be kind  courteous to everyone!!
Escalante
Parents join engaged couples for prewedding dance lessons  Wicked Local
Tournament tonight at The Standard starts at 7PM.They have Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone, Black Rose and Getaway.Show up early 2 practice
Oh, no, that's much worse than a cold.
I hate seeing nasties coming for us and not being able to duck them.
Attn Law Librarians  is anyone else finding the URL's for FDSys hard to deal with when updating your saved GPOAccess links?
Ideas?
hahah well you should!
Im listening to them now..lmao whazzuupp
Whatever happened to chef on south park
Big announcement tonight!
Be here at Midnight to hear the news!
yes buts it's okay because you're still GRAND3
Songwriters!
Check out Google Music out today!
Definitely worth your while!
When you move away from I think not freedom begins.
What's wrong?
:
Beauty is about liveing ur life and being happy about urself inside and out.
Not worrying about what people think of u
Amen!
Half naked women dancing before a business crowd is completely inappropriate.
This show jail is crazy
much better!
Thanks:
: Dont be afraid to lose the person u love cause if they truly love u, they are not going anywhere
can't help u with the money, but maybe could help doing it with less.
Done plenty of that because of background.
I've been home like 2 times this week.
I doctorve way too much.
:
If you can tweet any pics it would be greatly appreciated
1 Billion, and owned by Facebook.
Los Angeles mall.
New TV dinner TODAYBraised Beef Sloppy Joe, Spinach, Roasted Potatoes, Green Beans  Coconut Snowball.
Only 15.
Call 404.681.4434!
Door's open.
Early crowd is pretty intellectual tonight.
You should stop in.
Got like 20 followers on Instagram today  I'm only at 70.
I want more ;b
Yesterday at BBG was good to see in passing , , and in hanging out with etc.
Gwyneth Paltrow: Action Hacker!
Me!
I've been printing tees for RCF this weekend.
Have more to finish tomorrow.
Best to leave religion out of it anyway!
hey you I've been better but doing good!
How are you sweetie?
808Pride face it girly hes not the boy for you but u no ur
I can make one for you...shoot me over a Direct Message with name, time and party size and we'll see what we can do.
On my way to an important luncheon for my boss with Usher's 'Climax' in my head..
smh
Camp Randal can hold more than
I vote for both simultaneously.
The town I'm from is called Briarcliff Manor...now, how to illegalize it?
Thanks for the article.
You ROCK!
35 More Days of school!!!
Yippee!!!
:D
bus 43 running late hope I don't miss my meeting...
Been in b'more for 10 mins and already i've walked past 2 shims.
Ah Baltiwhore.
Welcome back Lesley!
and they always end with me blubbering and my husband looking at me crazy and laughing.
Aw, thank you I love being with readers!
Burn off that bad lunch at The Super AbMaster tonight  then630PM tomorrow.
Need personal training?
Visit Shop.JoAnnaWardFitn ...
lmao he's funny as hellOMG SWEDES AND BSB
.
will be at McGilvery's Speedway Pub tonight from 7:308:00PM interviewing w/ Don Kay  Autosport Radio.
Stop by  say hello!
On the road again!
So the first act of my teleplay is all in sotto voce.
Only if you get a spray tan.
It isn't until October sometime so I will likely have to go if I want to get invited to the annual Halloween party!
GanCao is sweet and beautiful.
Great episode of this morning including a well informed round table with and
Who is playing some ball this weekend?
I know I am!
I stand with to support Elizabeth Warren for US Senate.
Join us!
Thank you darling 3
Hi Elena, are you going to ECAD this year?// RT : have a great week!
I'm so into this visual musicstyle map!
you can just pass the mouse over the styles  it will play some cool audio mp3's...
nick r you coming to new york this weekend?
RT: Going for OSU on this one.
Me too...first time ever for me lol
Thank you for your support!
doctor Elaine Soter will be the guest on today's Voice of Diabetes with Anastasia.
Tune in at 11:00 on KOKC 1520 or www.voiceofdiabetes.com
Watching Let's Stay Together with Viggle Tue  21:30  BET Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Plenty.
I volunteered at the '96 GOP convention; always a good idea for RNC and D4P to be separate.
I'm reading doctorve by Daniel H.
Pink  what motivates people?
read this book to find out  very interesting read
a diabetic mom snacking on whole rutabagas may contend.
we'd be happy to help!
DM us.
with Greg?
Or Antonia?
Uh yeah sure, one thing..do you know coding?
We need a cookbook for this?
Food Network plugs 1000 Easy Recipes w/sandwich: cut bread in squares, spread w/ ricotta  orange marmalade.
meeting with the talented Maria Vargas
I love having someone in my life that you can talk to about any and everything!!!!!
So anxious.
640million Mega Million.Jackpot.
I can feed half of Africa with that money.
I'm blowing cigarette smoke in the face of LIFE
Before what?
She shuts down and cries?
RT : A girl can only be pushed so far
idontunderstand Why is it 50 degrees!!!!
Me too Coach!
I think there are only 22 ladies who don't feel like barfing right now.
Not a trick question: which sounds like a more fun stage of life, being a kid again or being middleaged?
James Jones should learn to box out!
The Mavs are rolling Cuban cigars.
In the studio w the enormously talented .cutting vocals with
Fuck school, I need summer.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME CODY ILOVEYOU!
Make my doctoram come true3
Oh no Jim Cantore fr weather channel is in Philly right now...
That can only mean one thing!!
BAD
Happy Birthday, Bob Uecker!!!
A little bit of chinmusic...
You da man, Bob!!!
Any time after July '10!
My fellow Wrimos, I'm two days behind schedule.
Someone kick me in the pants!
aight I'm holding u to that!
:
Watching Luther, that's some serious stuff!
Dexter, House, The Wire, etc...
make room.
A couple is discussing where they're going to cop under my home/office window in very slurred speech.
woah!
So I dot have to pay her?
Awesome
Have a client in the Twin Cities looking for an experienced folder gluer operator.
Call me if you're interested.
888BRAUSSE.
actually am yea!
didnt think id say it but its gonna be a good summer i think and then hopefully back to the grind over here!
A bitch got to much time on her hands focus on friendship Me..like really u got a man hoe focus on that Dick!!!!
Plzzzzzzz
Sorting books  cracked myself up saying goodbye to Goodbye, Columbus.
what other reason would it be, right?
I mean, it can't just be life in general, because that's too normal.
Haha.
sure!
Why not?!
Lol.
Normally i can't cheer for Philly sports either, but I'll make an exception
thank you for bringing her false statements into the spotlight!
i saw a girl today that looked just like you!
And tomorrow sounds like Tamara!!!!
Ah
Watched an incredible movie this weekend, FAIRGAME.
AWESOME Script, brilliant acting and directing.
Congrats!
Im so done with school 
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
Will Rogers
schedule is tough..east carolina  navy out of conf...ark..miss st is gr8 now, plus usual beasts..whats ur point?
Sometimes we all need a little alone time.
It doesn't mean we are mad, upset, shy or anything else, we just all need some space.
Woke up more or less on schedule.
Here's to marathoning finals in the next 11 hours!
I am UnintentionallyFunny if nothing else.
I'm doing Jaleo with my dad this weekend and it's his first time, what's your top 5 dish recs these days?
What are we doing here?
Hey San Antonio!
Don't miss the chance to connect with Neta, master hair colorist/stylist at a gorgeous Aveda spa,
Just submitted book orders for my grad course next semester.
Tough decisions, but I think they provide a nice range of engagement.
I don't judge
Ghost hunters on Cake Boss?
Yes, Yngwie too!!!
Twice in one day!!
Meanwhile we'll be watching vs in PDX.
What's on Woody Allen's scraps of paper?!
I MUST KNOW!
got a great testimonyfilled day, a super blessing, and hours and hours of singing hymns with three wonderful singers.
today  WIN
I will get my picture on line in twitter sorry didn't have one to put in today.
you just had to ask!
ur beautiful!!
Will u ever notice me and follow me?
Idk xp
You're up!
Go for it!
Explore where no man has gone for months!
Years?
I think the Merante sisters think I'm dead.
Looks like an awesome opportunity!
Wow Sumaya, I had no idea you were such an internet guru!
...and she can dance!
;
also my head is a rockin'.
just got numbed and and had chunks of me sucked out through my nose.
screw everybody i'm laying down.
Thank you Brandi!!
unfortunately my talk at UCR has been canceled.
my plans had to change when the release of the malcolmx bk was pushed to 4/4.
not at umkc but ya im goin'
happy mothers day to the strongest mom i know !
my mom love you!!
Miss u homie I start training nxt mnth fro whole mnth true fitness
wat it do bro
I'd switch to emacs for you.
what's the best place to attempt a memorial day weekend camping trip?
Valley of Fire?
Zion?
Bryce?
I just voted for Urban Underground Inc to win 250k on Chase Community Giving!
Sometimes seeing new artist living their doctorams gets me depressed...I WANT THAT WITH ALL MY HEART SOUL!
some the comments made on it are so ignorant :/
ok no prob; not sure if Barsa's there I guess it wouldn't hurt to check we are only 3 blocks apart
Hard to argue against that.
A bus like that speaks volumes without words.
happy birthday
It's hot out there and so are the deals!
Buy from your neighbors  7916 SE Foster Rd  117 pm
He makes all things new.
He can refresh and reposition anything that's out of alignment.
We must first learn to give it to Him and trust!
It's better to be rejected for who you are than accepted for who you're not.
O ok I stand corrected :
thanks Michael!
there's none of that in phx!
I wonder if ever seen the new Twilight.I could be Bella and he could be Jacob  Logan can be Edward or the other way around.
Advice we should all live by!
my videos mostly.
haven't incorporated online discussion yet.
we've done some blogging, but it didn't get very interactive.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Weak desire brings weak results.
Napoleon Hill
Watching my favorite movie Juice
Going to school pretty festive today
the name is nirro add me
Is it weird that I want to make Austin pancakes?
What do I do on my days off?
Clean, grocery shop, and cook.
I seriously am in awe of my life right now...
after a year and a half, everything is FINALLY coming together!
She brought some mf syrup an shit...
Where the pancakes lol
Searching online for someone's publicist, I came across Who Represents, which has an unfortunate URL.
I would never leave you!
BABY COME BACK!
Hey twitterers.
Happy Holidays to you and yours.
if you want
end of semester bucketlist begins tonight
Yo!
we're holding casting calls for Fashion week?
349 5th ave.
at 34th st.
Think I can count Facebook and Twitter usage as examples of faculty outreach for my activity report?
Bobbi Kristina ...if you need anything at all...at all.
GOD HAS YOU..YOUR MOM IS THERE WITH HIM
leave plz bye
are you in high school....???
anyway this is NOT a great trade for bucks?
you looked pretty  prom,it was so good to see u again:
you never know, but oh well looks like we need to plan out trip :
no got my schools softball banquet
ditto I really hate him.
Singin about your man and him walk up as you start not noticing 
Cool.
Thanks :
Oh wow...Looks GREAT!!
When me and are single shit goes down : lmao
If you're really quiet and listen very closely, you will hear the sweet sound of you, shutting the hell up.
inn Bed Whatchin TinkerBell  it Makes Me Miss My Nieces'
Who is Barcelona going against?
Look for twitter giveaways later this morning for TrendShow!
Currently learning about a hot new fragrance called Valentina!
Wait.
WHAT?
The Dalai Lama tweets??....Technology, you're out of hand.
A BIG happy birthday to two of the greatest girls ever and
because its baby makin weather!!
lol kidding
Used to protest when my mom listened to Bonnie Rait, but I'm digging her new album, esp.
Down the Line.
My musical taste has evolved.
Beating my dad and brother at MIB is priceless
Um, yeah....
Where are you staying?!?!
see you then ;
Did Facebook change it's tab icon?
What's the signifiance of the reversepointed arrow?
Happy Birthday !
You are my role model and inspiration!
I Love You3
La Chat  Certy in BROOKLYN PREPPING FOR SHOW...
We WINNING HATAZ
lol!
do you secretly work in their marketing department?
I remember now.
Good to hear from you again.
Thank you, sir!
Dana Perino has gone from spokeswoman to the most powerful office in the land to complaining about SNL skits with Greg Gutfeld in 4 years.
Deut 14:2829 ...bring all the tithes of that year's produce and store it in your towns, so that...the fatherlss...may come and eat...
Jonas Fans Are Powerful 
I saw them, very nice indeed!
Reminded me of a cabinet a guy made for his musicman amp.
I disagree, NFL 
It can elude some of us due to circumstances beyond our control but it has its effect nonetheless.
Make sure to head over to .com  get a dose of SEC/UK Football News by Larry, Me  Few other Guest Writers!
thanks for the add tell your friends about us and come visit for some great island food!
I'm proud to tell you that there are many other talented students who are waiting to shine.
Shyam Nooredeen at the  PENCILGala.
Those are all valid places to be
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
A.
Einstein
yankees game starting in about 1 hour...lets snap that cold streak guys!!!
btw...im beating you
Have you consumed 10 cups of coffee yet for the doubledouble?
RT : Studying at the library.
Approaching career high in hours.
oh noes!
On such a pretty day too.
You feeling better?
Good point: You don't have to brush your teeth  just the ones you want to keep.
in my 2 week appt reminder email from my dentist.
: haha wait are you sure it wasnt the Bixulant pretty sure
The matchup between Blake Griffin and Jason Smith should be interesting.
Wonder how early it gets rough?
Somebodies gunna wish that you were here.
I AM YungBambino901
When Jesus died, He became your substitute.
He took all the punishment you deserved, so you could live an abundant life.
Thats good news!
Ohare is the worst airport ever!
Sorry, I'm busy walking my fish.
I will like to be the person that you are scared to lose We all think at a person when we read this..
No ?
cody do u pa so much becouse u keep on coming n coming not tat i dont mind ;
oh, I see.
And now Ive let it slip that I enjoy cocktails that are reminiscent of urinals 
HELL RAISERS!
Lmao
I'm just not gone do it lol its too much love there
keep up the good work from the K TO NOW WHO WOULD THINK
It was taken down sometime yesterday afternoon.
Pretty much the weirdest thing ever.
Good thing I snuck a peek in the morning.
I'm pretty hyped about this hilarious and funky version of A Midsummer Night's doctoram It's a lot of fun!
Come see it!
thanks for sharing!
nailed it on this post.
6ag
Tiny Herm in Coors commercial is any better?
RT : Innovator leaving Balboa Park Online Collaborative
It's four dollars, do you really need a refund?!
Nice lil road trip came back to the Lou and EVADED the bullshit
Poste Eggs and homemade donuts fixed us right up from the night before.
Bloody Mary Bar didn't hurt any, either.
Great meal!
A slight touch of friendly malice and amusement towards those we love keeps our affections for them from turning flat.
Logan Pearsall Smith
blah blah blah LOL
liv the fact that you were on instagram at 3 am...
And I thought I was bad!
Poet on your holiday gift list?
Louis Jenkins will be signing books at CGB today at 2:00!
New york u?
good question?
Stomach hurts.
Smoking is...
waggles finger NOT allowed...
Rip Hamilton is having himself an evening for the Bulls.
20 points through 3 qtrs.
leading Knicks by 10
To effectively recruit younger employees, Goodoctorch demonstrates that they are a great company to work for w/ active volunteer force.
Somebody did something different and you didn't like it.
Suck my TWEET hahahaa FunnyShI:D
Money Make Her Cum I Say Money Made Cha Dumb
ok ok that's wassup.
I follow UNC for college bball and I don't have a set team for football.
Giants for NFL Knicks NBA yup
Sheamus Has Miami on His Mind
Happy Pres.
Day!
My doctoram is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.
Abraham Lincoln
I reek of Cheetos, weed, Betsey Johnson and shame.
In other words, I smell exactly like Britney Spears' purse.
I'm wondering about McCarthy not challenging that touchback by Pope??
